[{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Dream of Drowning","Author":"Corbeaun","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3974797","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Dream of Drowning Author: Corbeaun Fandom: Gattaca Summary: Sometimes Vincent wonders if he'd saved someone already dead. [unrequited Eugene/Vincent A/N: Written as a stocking stuffer for wearemany in Yuletide 2006. Dream of Drowning You watch me sometimes, in the darkness of night, from the doorway, thinking I do not know. That's all right, I don't mind. Too many nights it is the feel of your eyes on me, the phantom touch of your hand on my brow, that wakes me from the dream where I am myself again, Jerome Eugene Morrow, swimming towards the finish line always one stroke behind the competition. I wake then, gasping, the taste of chlorine burning the back of my throat. But you -- you never say anything, a harsh voiceless presence in the dark. Seeing. Judging. Pitying. Once, another lifetime ago, I would not have let you remain silent, would not have rested until I'd pried you open, bloody and exposed, to get to the raw truth within. But I'm not the man I once, if ever, was. Now I take only what you are willing to give. Vincent lays the tips of his middle and index fingers against Eugene's upper thigh. One, two soft strokes down, then up.","LastChapter":"Title: Dream of Drowning Author: Corbeaun Fandom: Gattaca Summary: Sometimes Vincent wonders if he'd saved someone already dead. [unrequited Eugene/Vincent A/N: Written as a stocking stuffer for wearemany in Yuletide 2006. Dream of Drowning You watch me sometimes, in the darkness of night, from the doorway, thinking I do not know. That's all right, I don't mind. Too many nights it is the feel of your eyes on me, the phantom touch of your hand on my brow, that wakes me from the dream where I am myself again, Jerome Eugene Morrow, swimming towards the finish line always one stroke behind the competition. I wake then, gasping, the taste of chlorine burning the back of my throat. But you -- you never say anything, a harsh voiceless presence in the dark. Seeing. Judging. Pitying. Once, another lifetime ago, I would not have let you remain silent, would not have rested until I'd pried you open, bloody and exposed, to get to the raw truth within. But I'm not the man I once, if ever, was. Now I take only what you are willing to give. Vincent lays the tips of his middle and index fingers against Eugene's upper thigh. One, two soft strokes down, then up.","Summary":" Title: Dream of Drowning Author: Corbeaun Fandom: Gattaca Summary: Sometimes Vincent wonders if he'","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Drama Tragedy  - Words: 1,501 - Reviews: 10 - Favs: 31 - Published: 12 28 2007 - Status: Complete - id: 3974797 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"The Beauty of the Dark","Author":"Candle Beck","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1645859","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: The Beauty of the DarknAuthor: Candle BecknEmail: meansdynamite@yahoo.comnFandom: Gattaca (movie)nPairing: Jerome/Vincent (Jude Law/Ethan Hawke)nRating: RnArchive: If there be one in which this fits, by all means.nDisclaimer: Characters herein depicted belong to Andrew McNicchol and thenfine folks who produced the film.nFeedback: Aye.nSummary: You don't belong here, and I wish you would stay.nNotes: So I was watching Gattaca on British television (they show suchnawesome movies on British television), and I am *baffled* by the lack ofnmassive quantities of Gattaca slash fiction. Have you *seen* the film?nCould those guys be *any* hotter? And with the chemistry (Jude Law couldnhave chemistry with, like, a toaster, but that's beside the point) and thenamazing storyline and the questions that edge philosophical and theneverything. Movie rocks, is what I'm saying. And needs to be writtennabout by high-quality writers just as soon as humanly possible. Get theento Blockbuster, rent that sucker, and see what I mean.nP.S. Jude Law, y'all. Jude Law, and that's really all I need to say. The Beauty of the DarknBy Candle Beck I gave him perfection. He thinks that this means my bloodlines, my genes, the impeccablentwists and turns of my DNA. I was the triumph of pre-birth science, I wasnthe climax of decades of extracting the worse and inserting the best, I wasnwhere it all ended. From the first moments of my life, I was a promise. Inwas perfect. And he was so terribly flawed, his vision blurry and uncertain, hisnarms skinny despite the muscle he tried to brace them with, his skin pale,nhis hands fragile and clever, his heart untrustworthy, always a beat awaynfrom stuttering to a stop, each breath whistling in and out struggling notnto be his last, he has been dying continuously ever since he was born, andnit fuels him with a desire to live like none I've ever known. I always took it for granted, that I would succeed, that my lifenwould be a wonderful, effortless thing. It didn't occur to me that fornother people, people like him, life is a cruel trick, a rug pulled out fromnunder you, a devastating rise of hope and expectation that crashes down onnyou. Everything has always come so easily to me, and it wasn't until Inwatched him going through the battering regime necessary to *become* menthat I realized how very different we are. I have spent my life being arrogant and charming. The two adjectivesnthat trailed me ceaselessly. I have spent my life walking into rooms andnfeeling the attention of everyone shift so subtly, eyes widening slightly,nshoulders pulled straight, restlessly tapping fingers stilling. I wasnJerome Morrow, golden, brilliant, beloved, sharp with eye and word, brightnwith recklessly full laughter, the kind of man who could convince anyone ofnanything, the kind of man people throw away their lives for, just to getnclose enough to hear, to touch, to taste, to pretend. I was Jerome Morrownand I was what everyone wished they could be, what everyone wished theyncould have. But he was the only one to whom I gave myself. I tried to imagine that it wasn't really me, anymore, just someonenthat I had once been. Jerome Morrow sitting in a wheelchair, Jerome Morrownwithout movement and swiftness, this was not a man about whom I cared.nThis was not the Jerome Morrow that I had been all my life. So it didn'tnmatter that I was giving it to him. My fingerprints, blood, hair,nfragments of skin. I was selling him my body, which should have made menfeel like a whore, but it wasn't my body, not really. My body wasn'tnsupposed to break down, my body wasn't supposed to be a mess of pain andnfrustration, my body wasn't supposed to keep me chained in a chair, my bodynwasn't supposed to betray me. Whatever I was giving him, the samples, thenevidence that he belonged at Gattaca, it wasn't really me. I didn't really give him my true self, not then, not yet. With all his years of working and trying, all his endless nights andnhelpless prayers thrown up into the night sky, all the time he spentnoutside the windows looking in, after everything he'd been through, thenonly thing he needed to get into Gattaca was a single drop of my blood, andnI think that's when he realized how very different we are, too. When he came home that night, after being allowed into the place he'snbeen dreaming of since he was a child, when he came home I could see it innhis face when he looked at me, hear it in his words when he spoke. He wasngrateful and terrified and angry, all at the same time, and his eyes shotnwith confusion sometimes, not quite understanding how this impossible dreamnof his could be so easily attained by me, not quite understanding why I hadnnever done this for myself. He doesn't know. I don't belong up there, in the sky, the forevernnight. On Earth I am remarkable, unparalleled, I am as close to a god asnhumans get. At least, I used to be. But who knows what I might have foundnup there? There's something in the beauty of the dark, the stark glow ofnthe stars, the mysterious fall of the planets, there's something up therenthat's bigger than I am, there's something up there that I won't be betternthan, as I am better than everyone on this planet. Because how can a godnamong men ever face God? I prefer to stay down here, where I can restnsecure in my own unchallenged superiority, able to believe that it willnlast. The strange thing is, he *does* belong up there, for all his flaws,nhis weaknesses, for all the ways he has fallen short in this place. Henbelongs up there, and he will be able to look God in the eye, he will benable to demand his answers and ask for forgiveness, and forgiveness will bengranted to him. He belongs up in the beauty of the dark, it fits him likennothing on this planet ever has. He will see God up there, I am sure. He will find what he has beennlooking for. Oddly enough, I have already found what I have been looking for.nSomething I didn't realize I needed before the accident, because back thennI didn't think I needed anything. It wasn't until after my legs werenshattered, my spine severed, after the months of ungodly pain and the dyingnechoes of my screams through the too-wide, too-pale walls of the hospital,nit wasn't until I understood the enormity of it, the total annihilation ofnall that I might have been, it wasn't until after all this that I realizednmy blessed life had blinded me to the one thing I lacked, the one thing Inneeded as much as I needed air. I spent all this time having everything, then I had nothing, and Inunderstood that the one thing I needed wasn't anything I had lost, it wasnsomething I had never had, something that couldn't be programmed into myngenes, couldn't be granted me under white laboratory lights, what I needednwas far far away from science and intellect and the perfect design of anman. What I needed was a miracle. I needed to see something that would make me believe again. Once they took the chances of birth out of the equation, they tooknaway the wonder of life, the stunning crush ofnpain/desire/joy/hope/fear/despair/love/violence that used to race throughnus, keeping time with our heartbeats. Life became a problem to be solved,nand we had solved it. But human beings aren't supposed to be solved. We're not supposed tonbe perfect. We're supposed to be waiting for miracles and praying fornthings and crying in the night and laughing in the rain, we're supposed tonlive on the edge of something vast and incomprehensible, we're supposed tonbe shaking with the force of it and holding onto each other desperately, innterror, in amazement, in ecstasy. We're supposed to be more than we are,nthough we are told that we are everything. What I was missing, that miracle, that embrace of destiny and thenwickedly beautiful capriciousness of life, what I was missing I found. In him. Faith birth. Come into the world howling, come into the world dying.n Come into the world beautiful and the way it should be. He was like no one I'd ever known before, nervous and determined andnscared and uncertain and so intensely, utterly human. I was supposed to benthe ideal man, I was supposed to be the best possible example, but he is sonmuch better than I am, he is a man with blood screaming in his veins, hisnheartbeat loud in his ears, he is a man with dreams that light him from theninside, he is a man wrenched with doubts and fear, he is a man who believednthere was something better to be had, he is a man who had dedicated hisnlife to achieving that something better, he is a man with complicated eyesnand shaking hands, he is a man with expertly pale skin and soft hair, he isna man who should have died years ago, he is a man moving forward, he is anman with a fierce burning genius that tears him apart, he is a man who isnstronger than I am, stronger than I could ever have hoped to be, he is anman. He is a man. He is a miracle. By the time I knew him, he was already years pastnthe date forecast for his death, he was living on borrowed time, and soonnenough he was living on borrowed genes. A man who should have been dead, anman who should never have been able to get through Gattaca's harsh physicalnregimen, a man who should have been caught a thousand times, a man whonshould have only been able to look at the sky from glass roofs and imagine. He has proven everyone wrong, the glorious science, thenadministrators at Gattaca, the establishment that had deemed him worthless.n He has proven them all wrong, and he has achieved the only thing he'd everndreamed of. He is rising, rising. It is where he belongs, it is where henhas always belonged. I knew that from the first moment I saw him, thenuncaged desperation in his eyes, the tightness to his mouth, the hard setnto his jaw. He doesn't belong down here, he is better than that. If henhadn't been able to sneak through Gattaca, I believe he would have builtnhis own shuttle, he would have clawed his way to the stars with his barenhands if he had to, he would have gotten there no matter what the cost. And now he's gotten there, and the only cost he had to take is losingnme. I don't even know if he considers that a cost. I like to imagine hendoes, but who can say? It's not as if I expected him to finally have thenchance to go up and then turn around and decide that he doesn't want tonleave me. I didn't expect that. This is what we've been working for, the months of impossible living,nevery day another day stolen, every day another that we'd slipped under thenradar, every day another one for which we'd have to account. To Gattaca,nto God. Every day we didn't get caught was one more day we shouldn't havenhad. And now it's come true, this dream of his, and now I've truly gotnnothing. He's left me alone and I never really knew what alone was until now.nEven after the accident, the string of family and friends into my hospitalnroom, the ill-disguised looks of horror and pity on their faces, and soonnenough I was snapping and chasing them off, soon enough no one came to seenme anymore, they let me sink away into my own dark solitude, but even thatnwasn't alone like this is alone. Because I didn't know then all that I could have. Because I didn'tnknow him. He's done something worse to me than the accident; he's wrecked morenof me than my legs. I was living for him and he was living for me, and there was no onenin the world who could understand either of us the way we understood eachnother. It was the same goal, really. He wanted to become Jerome Morrow andnI wanted to recreate Jerome Morrow, I wanted to rebuild the perfect man.nWe both wanted Jerome Morrow. But his version of Jerome wasn't me. And by the end, I didn't wantnJerome, I wanted Vincent. Vincent. What kind of a world is it that has no place for a man like him?nWhat kind of a world is it that doesn't care about his magnificence, hisnastonishingly quick mind, his amazing bravery, his sweet grin, the lightnrising in his dark eyes? One of the unexpected side effects of pre-birth science has been thenslow disappearance of brown eyes. When parents have a choice, they choosengreen, they choose blue, they choose violet or gold. On the street you seenthese smears of color, watered down, nothing but a tint on the surface. Vincent's eyes are dark, deep and capable of drowning a man. At somenpoint I started being so glad that he was a faith birth, he was a realnbirth. I can't imagine him with pale cornflower-blue eyes, or with the fewnextra inches of height and layers of muscle that years of illness had wornnaway. I only want him like he is, imperfect, flawed, dying, beautiful. I wanted him, because he was all that I wasn't, and he wanted me,nbecause I was all that he was trying to be, and in the end we were too muchnfor each other. Together we were the perfect man, both crippled andnupright, both arrogant and uncertain, both strong and weak, both smart andnreckless, both created by man and created by God, both dark and light, bothndying and horribly, tragically still alive. Together we were whole, but Inwas tired of being perfect, tired of being whole, and he never believed henhad anything I needed. I never told him that he was the only thing I needed. It was one night, a few days before he left, everything falling downnaround us, his brother beginning to unravel our mystery, the missionncontrollers at Gattaca studying him intensely, looking for the cracks andnholes. It was one night, the sky outside the windows black and unforgiving,nthe stars a promise for him that I could not touch. I could touch him, as he lifted me into bed, feeling the strain ofnhis muscles in his arms and back, the pull of his shirt outlining his form.n I spread out my hand between his shoulder blades, felt the strength, andnheld him there when he tried to pull away. \"Hey,\" he whispered, his eyes stark in the dim light. \"You're going up,\" I said back, not moving my hand. He was half-nleaned over, awkward, but he's been awkward all his life, it's nothing new. His face flashed, a clutch of emotion. \"I know,\" he replied, and Incan feel his breath on my cheek, short and doubtful. I want to breathe himnin, I want to steal his oxygen until he has to use my lungs, as he has usednall the rest of me. He won't be able to breathe up there, and I want hisnlast memory of the Earth's fresh air to taste like me. I slid my hand up and curved my fingers around the back of his neck.nMy thumb got caught up in his collar, the button clicking against my nail. \"It's going to be beautiful up there,\" I told him, my voice low andnrough. He only nodded, like his words had vanished. I pulled him in and fit my mouth to his, seeking after something, hisnwarmth, his touch, the slick of his hands and the sorrow in his eyes. Infit my mouth to his and he stiffened, briefly, his neck tight under mynhand, but then I pushed up, because there is still enough arrogance andnwill in me to not let him shove me away. He moaned, a small broken sound that collapsed against my lips, andnthen he was kissing me back, sweeping his tongue through my mouth andnfalling down against me, and I could taste his panic and his hope, thenpinpoints of light that shone through him, I could taste salt like the seanand sweetness like the night sky, I could taste his corrupt blood and thenapocalypse of his heart. I could taste death and redemption on his lips,nand all the things that are so shattered and vulnerable and pure that theyncan only be human. His hands were in my hair, and my hands were up under his shirt,nscouring across his stomach and chest, and he gasped into my mouth, thenmuscles of his stomach shivering under my touch, and he let his head fallndown against my shoulder, trying to breathe deep, trying to regain control. I won't have any of that, though, the control here is mine, so Intwisted his nipple between my fingers and bit the spot where his shouldernmet his neck, his skin young and smooth, and I want to scar him, I want tonbrand him. I dragged his head up and took his mouth again, fiercely, and rippednhis shirt open, torn threads between my fingers, tangling. I licked my wayndown his neck, running my tongue along the racing line of his pulse,nflickering in the cup of his collarbone, over the unexplored expanse of hisnbody, his skin as pale as marble, heating in rushes, and when I dragged myntongue over his nipple, his whole body shuddered, his hands cradling mynhead, this strange gentleness in his hold, and I could hear the bursts ofnair and the jagged unfinished words that he let fall into the room. I don't exactly have full range of motion, so, getting impatient, Inpulled him down and rolled him onto his back beside me, levering up on mynelbow to get a better angle. He looked up at me with something likenamazement on his face, and I had to close my eyes and kiss him to chase thenimage from my mind. At some point, my mouth hot on the jutting bone of his hip, my handnpressed hard to his stomach, at some point his voice pierced the fog ofndesire, his voice stripped clean, desperately honest, and he was saying mynname, over and over again, \"Jerome. Jerome. Jerome.\" Something snapped inside me, and I pulled myself halfway up, as farnas my arms could get me, my legs heavy and unfeeling, twisted around on thenbed. I pulled myself halfway up and then my arms gave out and I fell, mynface against his chest, my arms clinging to him, and I held him tightly,nhis hands running over my back and my hair, swift and tender, and when Incould raise my head, my eyes burning, I caught his gaze in the night andnsaid brokenly, \"Vincent.\" He closed his eyes, so strange to hear my voice saying his name afternall this time, and his lips pressed together like he was trying to holdnback tears. I gripped his shoulder and pulled myself a little farther up,nand he was sturdier than the bedframe, he was strong and he was mine, and Ingot close enough to stroke his face, sliding my fingers down the stubble-nrough of his cheek, his softly swollen mouth, and when he opened his eyes,nI rested my fingertips against his pulse and said again, \"Vincent.\" He raised his hand, trembling, and cupped my face, smiling at me, andnI watched his eyes as his heart broke, and then I kissed him, and moved mynhand down his body, and caught the gasps and the moans with my mouth, andnevery time I shifted away to breathe, every time I dropped my head to hisnneck or ears, every time my mouth wasn't pressed to him, I was whispering,nfrantic, hopeless, \"Vincent. Vincent. Vincent,\" the name muffled andnchoked, stuttering against his body, and every time I said it, he shook anlittle harder and held me a little tighter, but when he came, it was mynname that splintered against the glass and echoed in the silence thatnfollowed. He stayed there for awhile, tracing his palm across my chest,nwatching the movement of his hand with intense concentration, and I wantednto remind him that he wasn't going to be able to do for me what I'd donenfor him, but he surely already knew that. We lay there together, thenrustle of the night creeping in through the cracks in the window glass, andnI stared up at the ceiling and tried to memorize the feel of his bodynagainst mine, the hesitant pace of his hand over my skin, the brush of hisnsweat-damp hair against my chin, the smooth curve of his back, the finendrawn features of his face in profile. He stilled his hand, just over my heart, and said clearly, quietly,n\"It's beautiful down here, too.\" Then he got up and left, and the last I saw of him that night was hisnsilhouette in the doorway, the cold light washing around him, and he lookednhard and sure and perfect, and I wished he would look back at me, even justnonce, I wished to see his clean dark eyes again, but he was turned awaynfrom me, and his gaze was tilted up, rapt and flaring with power, and Inknew that he was looking out the window at the end of the hall, he wasnlooking up at the stars, and I knew that he'd forgotten about me. And now he's gone, he's gone up, and I've been left alone. This planet is no more a home to me now than it was to him, and thenonly reason I have stayed around this long is for him. I can say that now.n There's no one to hear it, and I can say that to myself, if no one else. I stayed until he left me behind, and I am so happy. Because he is up there, and he has taken a part of me with him, henhas taken the part of me that I never intended to give away. But he hasnit, and he is rising, rising, and I am rising with him. I can feel thenrush, the stars streaking into endless lines of white with the speed, I cannsee the moon, full and solemn, growing pale in the window. I can feel thenpress of his body back into the seat, and the last breath he takes as henwatches Earth fade to a small blue dot behind him, and he is leaving it allnbehind, and I am going with him. I am so happy. I will do one last thing for him, the only thing I can do. I willnleave him with nothing to come back to, no more strands of my hair ornflakes of dead skin. I will erase Jerome Morrow, and he will not have tonuse my body anymore, there will be no body left for him, for anyone. I amnsetting him free, because I know that Vincent is better than Jerome couldnever have hoped to be, and he doesn't need me. I take the medal and sling it around my neck, the reminder of the onentime that I was not the best, the one time I finished something other thannfirst. I want to feel the heavy circle against my chest, I want the metalnto melt and fuse with my flesh, I want the ashes of the ribbon to mix withnthe ashes of my skin, I want my perfect body to burn with somethingnimperfect, because imperfection is true. It's not hard, climbing into the incinerator, hauling up my deadnlegs, folding my body into the small compartment. It's not hard, and I cannfeel the cool metal wall as I lean my head back, this sterile empty coffin. It's not hard. I wait for the flames, and I turn my mind to the sky, where he isnflying, and I never thanked him for what he gave me, I let him thank me andnnever let him know that I got the better end of the deal by far. We are rising, and as gravity lets us go, the drift feels like love,nand we are rising. I turn my mind to the sky, and I whisper as I begin to burn, \"Keepngoing, Vincent. Keep going.\" THE END","LastChapter":"Title: The Beauty of the DarknAuthor: Candle BecknEmail: meansdynamite@yahoo.comnFandom: Gattaca (movie)nPairing: Jerome/Vincent (Jude Law/Ethan Hawke)nRating: RnArchive: If there be one in which this fits, by all means.nDisclaimer: Characters herein depicted belong to Andrew McNicchol and thenfine folks who produced the film.nFeedback: Aye.nSummary: You don't belong here, and I wish you would stay.nNotes: So I was watching Gattaca on British television (they show suchnawesome movies on British television), and I am *baffled* by the lack ofnmassive quantities of Gattaca slash fiction. Have you *seen* the film?nCould those guys be *any* hotter? And with the chemistry (Jude Law couldnhave chemistry with, like, a toaster, but that's beside the point) and thenamazing storyline and the questions that edge philosophical and theneverything. Movie rocks, is what I'm saying. And needs to be writtennabout by high-quality writers just as soon as humanly possible. Get theento Blockbuster, rent that sucker, and see what I mean.nP.S. Jude Law, y'all. Jude Law, and that's really all I need to say. The Beauty of the DarknBy Candle Beck I gave him perfection. He thinks that this means my bloodlines, my genes, the impeccablentwists and turns of my DNA. I was the triumph of pre-birth science, I wasnthe climax of decades of extracting the worse and inserting the best, I wasnwhere it all ended. From the first moments of my life, I was a promise. Inwas perfect. And he was so terribly flawed, his vision blurry and uncertain, hisnarms skinny despite the muscle he tried to brace them with, his skin pale,nhis hands fragile and clever, his heart untrustworthy, always a beat awaynfrom stuttering to a stop, each breath whistling in and out struggling notnto be his last, he has been dying continuously ever since he was born, andnit fuels him with a desire to live like none I've ever known. I always took it for granted, that I would succeed, that my lifenwould be a wonderful, effortless thing. It didn't occur to me that fornother people, people like him, life is a cruel trick, a rug pulled out fromnunder you, a devastating rise of hope and expectation that crashes down onnyou. Everything has always come so easily to me, and it wasn't until Inwatched him going through the battering regime necessary to *become* menthat I realized how very different we are. I have spent my life being arrogant and charming. The two adjectivesnthat trailed me ceaselessly. I have spent my life walking into rooms andnfeeling the attention of everyone shift so subtly, eyes widening slightly,nshoulders pulled straight, restlessly tapping fingers stilling. I wasnJerome Morrow, golden, brilliant, beloved, sharp with eye and word, brightnwith recklessly full laughter, the kind of man who could convince anyone ofnanything, the kind of man people throw away their lives for, just to getnclose enough to hear, to touch, to taste, to pretend. I was Jerome Morrownand I was what everyone wished they could be, what everyone wished theyncould have. But he was the only one to whom I gave myself. I tried to imagine that it wasn't really me, anymore, just someonenthat I had once been. Jerome Morrow sitting in a wheelchair, Jerome Morrownwithout movement and swiftness, this was not a man about whom I cared.nThis was not the Jerome Morrow that I had been all my life. So it didn'tnmatter that I was giving it to him. My fingerprints, blood, hair,nfragments of skin. I was selling him my body, which should have made menfeel like a whore, but it wasn't my body, not really. My body wasn'tnsupposed to break down, my body wasn't supposed to be a mess of pain andnfrustration, my body wasn't supposed to keep me chained in a chair, my bodynwasn't supposed to betray me. Whatever I was giving him, the samples, thenevidence that he belonged at Gattaca, it wasn't really me. I didn't really give him my true self, not then, not yet. With all his years of working and trying, all his endless nights andnhelpless prayers thrown up into the night sky, all the time he spentnoutside the windows looking in, after everything he'd been through, thenonly thing he needed to get into Gattaca was a single drop of my blood, andnI think that's when he realized how very different we are, too. When he came home that night, after being allowed into the place he'snbeen dreaming of since he was a child, when he came home I could see it innhis face when he looked at me, hear it in his words when he spoke. He wasngrateful and terrified and angry, all at the same time, and his eyes shotnwith confusion sometimes, not quite understanding how this impossible dreamnof his could be so easily attained by me, not quite understanding why I hadnnever done this for myself. He doesn't know. I don't belong up there, in the sky, the forevernnight. On Earth I am remarkable, unparalleled, I am as close to a god asnhumans get. At least, I used to be. But who knows what I might have foundnup there? There's something in the beauty of the dark, the stark glow ofnthe stars, the mysterious fall of the planets, there's something up therenthat's bigger than I am, there's something up there that I won't be betternthan, as I am better than everyone on this planet. Because how can a godnamong men ever face God? I prefer to stay down here, where I can restnsecure in my own unchallenged superiority, able to believe that it willnlast. The strange thing is, he *does* belong up there, for all his flaws,nhis weaknesses, for all the ways he has fallen short in this place. Henbelongs up there, and he will be able to look God in the eye, he will benable to demand his answers and ask for forgiveness, and forgiveness will bengranted to him. He belongs up in the beauty of the dark, it fits him likennothing on this planet ever has. He will see God up there, I am sure. He will find what he has beennlooking for. Oddly enough, I have already found what I have been looking for.nSomething I didn't realize I needed before the accident, because back thennI didn't think I needed anything. It wasn't until after my legs werenshattered, my spine severed, after the months of ungodly pain and the dyingnechoes of my screams through the too-wide, too-pale walls of the hospital,nit wasn't until I understood the enormity of it, the total annihilation ofnall that I might have been, it wasn't until after all this that I realizednmy blessed life had blinded me to the one thing I lacked, the one thing Inneeded as much as I needed air. I spent all this time having everything, then I had nothing, and Inunderstood that the one thing I needed wasn't anything I had lost, it wasnsomething I had never had, something that couldn't be programmed into myngenes, couldn't be granted me under white laboratory lights, what I needednwas far far away from science and intellect and the perfect design of anman. What I needed was a miracle. I needed to see something that would make me believe again. Once they took the chances of birth out of the equation, they tooknaway the wonder of life, the stunning crush ofnpain/desire/joy/hope/fear/despair/love/violence that used to race throughnus, keeping time with our heartbeats. Life became a problem to be solved,nand we had solved it. But human beings aren't supposed to be solved. We're not supposed tonbe perfect. We're supposed to be waiting for miracles and praying fornthings and crying in the night and laughing in the rain, we're supposed tonlive on the edge of something vast and incomprehensible, we're supposed tonbe shaking with the force of it and holding onto each other desperately, innterror, in amazement, in ecstasy. We're supposed to be more than we are,nthough we are told that we are everything. What I was missing, that miracle, that embrace of destiny and thenwickedly beautiful capriciousness of life, what I was missing I found. In him. Faith birth. Come into the world howling, come into the world dying.n Come into the world beautiful and the way it should be. He was like no one I'd ever known before, nervous and determined andnscared and uncertain and so intensely, utterly human. I was supposed to benthe ideal man, I was supposed to be the best possible example, but he is sonmuch better than I am, he is a man with blood screaming in his veins, hisnheartbeat loud in his ears, he is a man with dreams that light him from theninside, he is a man wrenched with doubts and fear, he is a man who believednthere was something better to be had, he is a man who had dedicated hisnlife to achieving that something better, he is a man with complicated eyesnand shaking hands, he is a man with expertly pale skin and soft hair, he isna man who should have died years ago, he is a man moving forward, he is anman with a fierce burning genius that tears him apart, he is a man who isnstronger than I am, stronger than I could ever have hoped to be, he is anman. He is a man. He is a miracle. By the time I knew him, he was already years pastnthe date forecast for his death, he was living on borrowed time, and soonnenough he was living on borrowed genes. A man who should have been dead, anman who should never have been able to get through Gattaca's harsh physicalnregimen, a man who should have been caught a thousand times, a man whonshould have only been able to look at the sky from glass roofs and imagine. He has proven everyone wrong, the glorious science, thenadministrators at Gattaca, the establishment that had deemed him worthless.n He has proven them all wrong, and he has achieved the only thing he'd everndreamed of. He is rising, rising. It is where he belongs, it is where henhas always belonged. I knew that from the first moment I saw him, thenuncaged desperation in his eyes, the tightness to his mouth, the hard setnto his jaw. He doesn't belong down here, he is better than that. If henhadn't been able to sneak through Gattaca, I believe he would have builtnhis own shuttle, he would have clawed his way to the stars with his barenhands if he had to, he would have gotten there no matter what the cost. And now he's gotten there, and the only cost he had to take is losingnme. I don't even know if he considers that a cost. I like to imagine hendoes, but who can say? It's not as if I expected him to finally have thenchance to go up and then turn around and decide that he doesn't want tonleave me. I didn't expect that. This is what we've been working for, the months of impossible living,nevery day another day stolen, every day another that we'd slipped under thenradar, every day another one for which we'd have to account. To Gattaca,nto God. Every day we didn't get caught was one more day we shouldn't havenhad. And now it's come true, this dream of his, and now I've truly gotnnothing. He's left me alone and I never really knew what alone was until now.nEven after the accident, the string of family and friends into my hospitalnroom, the ill-disguised looks of horror and pity on their faces, and soonnenough I was snapping and chasing them off, soon enough no one came to seenme anymore, they let me sink away into my own dark solitude, but even thatnwasn't alone like this is alone. Because I didn't know then all that I could have. Because I didn'tnknow him. He's done something worse to me than the accident; he's wrecked morenof me than my legs. I was living for him and he was living for me, and there was no onenin the world who could understand either of us the way we understood eachnother. It was the same goal, really. He wanted to become Jerome Morrow andnI wanted to recreate Jerome Morrow, I wanted to rebuild the perfect man.nWe both wanted Jerome Morrow. But his version of Jerome wasn't me. And by the end, I didn't wantnJerome, I wanted Vincent. Vincent. What kind of a world is it that has no place for a man like him?nWhat kind of a world is it that doesn't care about his magnificence, hisnastonishingly quick mind, his amazing bravery, his sweet grin, the lightnrising in his dark eyes? One of the unexpected side effects of pre-birth science has been thenslow disappearance of brown eyes. When parents have a choice, they choosengreen, they choose blue, they choose violet or gold. On the street you seenthese smears of color, watered down, nothing but a tint on the surface. Vincent's eyes are dark, deep and capable of drowning a man. At somenpoint I started being so glad that he was a faith birth, he was a realnbirth. I can't imagine him with pale cornflower-blue eyes, or with the fewnextra inches of height and layers of muscle that years of illness had wornnaway. I only want him like he is, imperfect, flawed, dying, beautiful. I wanted him, because he was all that I wasn't, and he wanted me,nbecause I was all that he was trying to be, and in the end we were too muchnfor each other. Together we were the perfect man, both crippled andnupright, both arrogant and uncertain, both strong and weak, both smart andnreckless, both created by man and created by God, both dark and light, bothndying and horribly, tragically still alive. Together we were whole, but Inwas tired of being perfect, tired of being whole, and he never believed henhad anything I needed. I never told him that he was the only thing I needed. It was one night, a few days before he left, everything falling downnaround us, his brother beginning to unravel our mystery, the missionncontrollers at Gattaca studying him intensely, looking for the cracks andnholes. It was one night, the sky outside the windows black and unforgiving,nthe stars a promise for him that I could not touch. I could touch him, as he lifted me into bed, feeling the strain ofnhis muscles in his arms and back, the pull of his shirt outlining his form.n I spread out my hand between his shoulder blades, felt the strength, andnheld him there when he tried to pull away. \"Hey,\" he whispered, his eyes stark in the dim light. \"You're going up,\" I said back, not moving my hand. He was half-nleaned over, awkward, but he's been awkward all his life, it's nothing new. His face flashed, a clutch of emotion. \"I know,\" he replied, and Incan feel his breath on my cheek, short and doubtful. I want to breathe himnin, I want to steal his oxygen until he has to use my lungs, as he has usednall the rest of me. He won't be able to breathe up there, and I want hisnlast memory of the Earth's fresh air to taste like me. I slid my hand up and curved my fingers around the back of his neck.nMy thumb got caught up in his collar, the button clicking against my nail. \"It's going to be beautiful up there,\" I told him, my voice low andnrough. He only nodded, like his words had vanished. I pulled him in and fit my mouth to his, seeking after something, hisnwarmth, his touch, the slick of his hands and the sorrow in his eyes. Infit my mouth to his and he stiffened, briefly, his neck tight under mynhand, but then I pushed up, because there is still enough arrogance andnwill in me to not let him shove me away. He moaned, a small broken sound that collapsed against my lips, andnthen he was kissing me back, sweeping his tongue through my mouth andnfalling down against me, and I could taste his panic and his hope, thenpinpoints of light that shone through him, I could taste salt like the seanand sweetness like the night sky, I could taste his corrupt blood and thenapocalypse of his heart. I could taste death and redemption on his lips,nand all the things that are so shattered and vulnerable and pure that theyncan only be human. His hands were in my hair, and my hands were up under his shirt,nscouring across his stomach and chest, and he gasped into my mouth, thenmuscles of his stomach shivering under my touch, and he let his head fallndown against my shoulder, trying to breathe deep, trying to regain control. I won't have any of that, though, the control here is mine, so Intwisted his nipple between my fingers and bit the spot where his shouldernmet his neck, his skin young and smooth, and I want to scar him, I want tonbrand him. I dragged his head up and took his mouth again, fiercely, and rippednhis shirt open, torn threads between my fingers, tangling. I licked my wayndown his neck, running my tongue along the racing line of his pulse,nflickering in the cup of his collarbone, over the unexplored expanse of hisnbody, his skin as pale as marble, heating in rushes, and when I dragged myntongue over his nipple, his whole body shuddered, his hands cradling mynhead, this strange gentleness in his hold, and I could hear the bursts ofnair and the jagged unfinished words that he let fall into the room. I don't exactly have full range of motion, so, getting impatient, Inpulled him down and rolled him onto his back beside me, levering up on mynelbow to get a better angle. He looked up at me with something likenamazement on his face, and I had to close my eyes and kiss him to chase thenimage from my mind. At some point, my mouth hot on the jutting bone of his hip, my handnpressed hard to his stomach, at some point his voice pierced the fog ofndesire, his voice stripped clean, desperately honest, and he was saying mynname, over and over again, \"Jerome. Jerome. Jerome.\" Something snapped inside me, and I pulled myself halfway up, as farnas my arms could get me, my legs heavy and unfeeling, twisted around on thenbed. I pulled myself halfway up and then my arms gave out and I fell, mynface against his chest, my arms clinging to him, and I held him tightly,nhis hands running over my back and my hair, swift and tender, and when Incould raise my head, my eyes burning, I caught his gaze in the night andnsaid brokenly, \"Vincent.\" He closed his eyes, so strange to hear my voice saying his name afternall this time, and his lips pressed together like he was trying to holdnback tears. I gripped his shoulder and pulled myself a little farther up,nand he was sturdier than the bedframe, he was strong and he was mine, and Ingot close enough to stroke his face, sliding my fingers down the stubble-nrough of his cheek, his softly swollen mouth, and when he opened his eyes,nI rested my fingertips against his pulse and said again, \"Vincent.\" He raised his hand, trembling, and cupped my face, smiling at me, andnI watched his eyes as his heart broke, and then I kissed him, and moved mynhand down his body, and caught the gasps and the moans with my mouth, andnevery time I shifted away to breathe, every time I dropped my head to hisnneck or ears, every time my mouth wasn't pressed to him, I was whispering,nfrantic, hopeless, \"Vincent. Vincent. Vincent,\" the name muffled andnchoked, stuttering against his body, and every time I said it, he shook anlittle harder and held me a little tighter, but when he came, it was mynname that splintered against the glass and echoed in the silence thatnfollowed. He stayed there for awhile, tracing his palm across my chest,nwatching the movement of his hand with intense concentration, and I wantednto remind him that he wasn't going to be able to do for me what I'd donenfor him, but he surely already knew that. We lay there together, thenrustle of the night creeping in through the cracks in the window glass, andnI stared up at the ceiling and tried to memorize the feel of his bodynagainst mine, the hesitant pace of his hand over my skin, the brush of hisnsweat-damp hair against my chin, the smooth curve of his back, the finendrawn features of his face in profile. He stilled his hand, just over my heart, and said clearly, quietly,n\"It's beautiful down here, too.\" Then he got up and left, and the last I saw of him that night was hisnsilhouette in the doorway, the cold light washing around him, and he lookednhard and sure and perfect, and I wished he would look back at me, even justnonce, I wished to see his clean dark eyes again, but he was turned awaynfrom me, and his gaze was tilted up, rapt and flaring with power, and Inknew that he was looking out the window at the end of the hall, he wasnlooking up at the stars, and I knew that he'd forgotten about me. And now he's gone, he's gone up, and I've been left alone. This planet is no more a home to me now than it was to him, and thenonly reason I have stayed around this long is for him. I can say that now.n There's no one to hear it, and I can say that to myself, if no one else. I stayed until he left me behind, and I am so happy. Because he is up there, and he has taken a part of me with him, henhas taken the part of me that I never intended to give away. But he hasnit, and he is rising, rising, and I am rising with him. I can feel thenrush, the stars streaking into endless lines of white with the speed, I cannsee the moon, full and solemn, growing pale in the window. I can feel thenpress of his body back into the seat, and the last breath he takes as henwatches Earth fade to a small blue dot behind him, and he is leaving it allnbehind, and I am going with him. I am so happy. I will do one last thing for him, the only thing I can do. I willnleave him with nothing to come back to, no more strands of my hair ornflakes of dead skin. I will erase Jerome Morrow, and he will not have tonuse my body anymore, there will be no body left for him, for anyone. I amnsetting him free, because I know that Vincent is better than Jerome couldnever have hoped to be, and he doesn't need me. I take the medal and sling it around my neck, the reminder of the onentime that I was not the best, the one time I finished something other thannfirst. I want to feel the heavy circle against my chest, I want the metalnto melt and fuse with my flesh, I want the ashes of the ribbon to mix withnthe ashes of my skin, I want my perfect body to burn with somethingnimperfect, because imperfection is true. It's not hard, climbing into the incinerator, hauling up my deadnlegs, folding my body into the small compartment. It's not hard, and I cannfeel the cool metal wall as I lean my head back, this sterile empty coffin. It's not hard. I wait for the flames, and I turn my mind to the sky, where he isnflying, and I never thanked him for what he gave me, I let him thank me andnnever let him know that I got the better end of the deal by far. We are rising, and as gravity lets us go, the drift feels like love,nand we are rising. I turn my mind to the sky, and I whisper as I begin to burn, \"Keepngoing, Vincent. Keep going.\" THE END","Summary":" Title: The Beauty of the DarknAuthor: Candle BecknEmail: meansdynamite@yahoo.comnFandom: Gattaca (m","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  M - English - Angst Drama  - Words: 4,971 - Reviews: 64 - Favs: 113 - Follows: 6 - Published: 12 18 2003 - id: 1645859 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"make me into gold","Author":"Exceeds Expectations","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9577799","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Haven't seen the film in a while, but I couldn't get this out of my head. Sorry for any mistakes! You are Jerome – Eugene , you're Eugene because he, he is Jerome Morrow now, isn't he? (No, no, he's Vincent, he's – ) \"Jerome,\" you whisper, and it's never felt right, has it? To say your own name, to see someone trying to hold it up like validation, like a key to somewhere far, far from here. But he wears your name around his neck like a badge of honour, and you slick your hands across thin wheels and want to kick him for it but can't. So you move the only limbs you have left and you raise that bottle to your lips and you drink and drink and drink until you forget who you are and who you're not and the world brightens as it darkens now, doesn't it? Jerome speaks. He says stop and why are you doing this and you're killing yourself and I need samples, Eugene and you're a disaster, did you know that ? You look into those eyes that look like yours even though they shouldn't, that face that passes for yours even though it isn't, and you spit some dry remark or some witty comeback and he sighs in frustration. You're killing yourself. You know this. And he's there, the new Jerome, with his perfect smile and his fucking dedication and that drive that you never really had. He works his fingers to the bone, works his bones down to ash, works that ash into smoke that twists in the wind all the way up to the sky he's so desperate to reach. What do you do, Eugene? You sit there. You turn your blood into vodka and your tears into laughter. The bottle fits in your hands the way trophies should, but you're secretly just as proud of this. You're an escapee; you're no perfect genetic specimen with the perfect life and the perfect everything. You're a fucking disaster, everything your genes say you couldn't be, and that doesn't even hurt coming from the new (fake) Jerome. He wears grey suits and white smiles, and he belongs in this world so much more than you do. You see that now. Success never did suit you. It looks heavenly on the new (real) Jerome. ( Fucking disaster. ) So go on, then. Do it. Climb up into that furnace, haul your broken body into the flames and burn, you miserable little shit. And when your blood begins to boil, when your skin starts to bubble and melt, when you're screaming in pain and praying for death...will you finally admit it then? That you love him? That you need him and you'd miss him and you love him, for fuck's sake, and you know he doesn't need you, nobody needs you, the world doesn't need you and why should Eugene stay around when Jerome is already reaching the stars? Why should he get to go out in a blaze of glory without you? You were always second best - silver medalist, the golden boy gone wrong - but you never thought you'd be second best at being you. And you never thought you would love the man who made you into something more - and, at the same time, made you into nothing. You never thought you'd burn like this - from the inside out.","LastChapter":"A/N: Haven't seen the film in a while, but I couldn't get this out of my head. Sorry for any mistakes! You are Jerome – Eugene , you're Eugene because he, he is Jerome Morrow now, isn't he? (No, no, he's Vincent, he's – ) \"Jerome,\" you whisper, and it's never felt right, has it? To say your own name, to see someone trying to hold it up like validation, like a key to somewhere far, far from here. But he wears your name around his neck like a badge of honour, and you slick your hands across thin wheels and want to kick him for it but can't. So you move the only limbs you have left and you raise that bottle to your lips and you drink and drink and drink until you forget who you are and who you're not and the world brightens as it darkens now, doesn't it? Jerome speaks. He says stop and why are you doing this and you're killing yourself and I need samples, Eugene and you're a disaster, did you know that ? You look into those eyes that look like yours even though they shouldn't, that face that passes for yours even though it isn't, and you spit some dry remark or some witty comeback and he sighs in frustration. You're killing yourself. You know this. And he's there, the new Jerome, with his perfect smile and his fucking dedication and that drive that you never really had. He works his fingers to the bone, works his bones down to ash, works that ash into smoke that twists in the wind all the way up to the sky he's so desperate to reach. What do you do, Eugene? You sit there. You turn your blood into vodka and your tears into laughter. The bottle fits in your hands the way trophies should, but you're secretly just as proud of this. You're an escapee; you're no perfect genetic specimen with the perfect life and the perfect everything. You're a fucking disaster, everything your genes say you couldn't be, and that doesn't even hurt coming from the new (fake) Jerome. He wears grey suits and white smiles, and he belongs in this world so much more than you do. You see that now. Success never did suit you. It looks heavenly on the new (real) Jerome. ( Fucking disaster. ) So go on, then. Do it. Climb up into that furnace, haul your broken body into the flames and burn, you miserable little shit. And when your blood begins to boil, when your skin starts to bubble and melt, when you're screaming in pain and praying for death...will you finally admit it then? That you love him? That you need him and you'd miss him and you love him, for fuck's sake, and you know he doesn't need you, nobody needs you, the world doesn't need you and why should Eugene stay around when Jerome is already reaching the stars? Why should he get to go out in a blaze of glory without you? You were always second best - silver medalist, the golden boy gone wrong - but you never thought you'd be second best at being you. And you never thought you would love the man who made you into something more - and, at the same time, made you into nothing. You never thought you'd burn like this - from the inside out.","Summary":" A/N: Haven't seen the film in a while, but I couldn't get this out of my head. Sorry for any mistak","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Angst Romance  - Words: 595 - Reviews: 7 - Favs: 18 - Follows: 3 - Published: 8 8 2013 - Status: Complete - id: 9577799 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Closer to the Stars","Author":"Jainie Starr","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/87791","Passage":"[Chapter 1] MAV·ER·ICK GEN·ER·ATE ('mav-rik jen-ur-et) (proper noun) : 1.) A person with the Maverick Genetic complex. 2.) A genetically engineered being possessed of 'perfect' cells and DNA structure, yet one that fails to reach its progenitors' expectations. Scientists debate whether this is due to poor conditioning of the child by its parents as it matures, or if it is the fault of the engineers. Predisposed to habitual drug and/or alcohol abuse, violence, aggression, anger-control dysfunction, despite their 'perfect' DNA. They are considered the orphaned children of the Genetic Revolution. Less than 1 out of every 100,000 viable engineered embryos is a Maverick Generate. Studies are currently being conducted to discover the cause for this curious affliction. SEE ALSO: EMGENERATE, EMGEN, MAVERICK GENETIC COMPLEX, IN-VALID, VALID, DNA, GENETIC ENGINEERING, CONDITIONING, CLONING, HEATH, DR. ALFRED","LastChapter":"MAV·ER·ICK GEN·ER·ATE ('mav-rik jen-ur-et) (proper noun) : 1.) A person with the Maverick Genetic complex. 2.) A genetically engineered being possessed of 'perfect' cells and DNA structure, yet one that fails to reach its progenitors' expectations. Scientists debate whether this is due to poor conditioning of the child by its parents as it matures, or if it is the fault of the engineers. Predisposed to habitual drug and/or alcohol abuse, violence, aggression, anger-control dysfunction, despite their 'perfect' DNA. They are considered the orphaned children of the Genetic Revolution. Less than 1 out of every 100,000 viable engineered embryos is a Maverick Generate. Studies are currently being conducted to discover the cause for this curious affliction. SEE ALSO: EMGENERATE, EMGEN, MAVERICK GENETIC COMPLEX, IN-VALID, VALID, DNA, GENETIC ENGINEERING, CONDITIONING, CLONING, HEATH, DR. ALFRED","Summary":" MAV·ER·ICK GEN·ER·ATE ('mav-rik jen-ur-et) (proper noun) : 1.) A person with the Maverick Genetic c","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  M - English - Drama  - Words: 4,377 - Reviews: 59 - Favs: 66 - Follows: 7 - Published: 10 7 2000 - id: 87791 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Goodnight Kiss","Author":"slashyking","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3500410","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I do not own Vincent and Jerome of GATTACA but I did enjoy watching the film in my Science class over the TAKS week. I was really hoping for some of not any slash, even the teeniest bit. (Sniffle) WHY DID HE KILL HIMSELF!! Sorry, I didn't want him to burn himself to detah, it was too sad to cope with. Well, this is a little snip-it I wrote while watching it. Time: Some night before that one dude was murdered with a keyboard which was AWESOME!! LOL, well, Enjoy my slashie entitled, \"Goodnight Kiss.\" A random night of drunken festivities :) Goodnight Kiss \"Viiinceeeennntttah!!\" Why does he have to be so loud , I'm just in the other room. A groan sounded from me as I got up and he cried even louder, \"Vinceeeent! I need you!\" \"Fine, I'm coming, I'm coming. Did you spill your brandy?\" For some reason, I was being really pissy that evening, but that could just be because I was sleeping. Asshole. Stepping off of the stairs, I saw him wheel over to me with a drunken smile plastered across his unshaved face. Funny, I never thought of him to be the 'giddy drunk' kind of person, he never is on any other occasion. \"Ello, Vincy-Poo! Can you help me get to bed; I don't think I can do it myself. I might fall and get a con-cuuu-concush-ee-on.\" He struggled with the word as if he were a five year-old reading The Odyssey . Even in my rage-filled grogginess, I managed a small chuckle and smirk at my own joke that preceded the action that caused it. \"Ok, I'll help you, but you owe me now. Don't wake me again.\" \"Oh, I won't, I promise. I'll be a good boy!\" With that, I scooped him up off of his wheelchair bridal style and walked him to his room. He sang and giggled incoherently the entire way there. I laid him down on his bed and tucked him in like the big baby he was being. Grinning, he looked at me as I stood at the door to say goodnight almost motherly, but with an aggravated look and my arms crossed over my bare chest. \"Goodnight, Jerome. Sweet, drunken dreams.\" I closed the door slowly, but just as I did, he whined once more. I got mad again. \"What?!\" \"Can I have a goodnight story?\" \"No.\" \"What about a goodnight glass o' vodka?\" \"No!\" There was a short pause in our very short and heated conversation but soon it was followed by his grinning face in the dark room saying, \"Well…how about a goodnight kiss?\" His words may have been choppy and slurred, but it was heavily caked with sensuality. I was stunned for a moment, never had I predicted this. \"A what? No, no way. Uh-uh. I'm not giving you a-\" \"Oh please, oh please, oh pah-leeeeeezah!?!\" Now, he may be what I would ever hope to call a friend and my only source of disguise and hiding, but I had never ever forever never been attracted to him. But if it would shut him up… I walked over to where he lay and leaned over him and kissed him on the cheek, almost fatherly, but with no feeling. He frowned at my lack of interest. \"That wasn't a kiss.\" His words were laced with hurt and sadness. I scoffed and kissed him on the lips but tried my hardest to keep it as short and as meaningless as possible, merely a peck. Still, he was not satisfied. So, he suggested, \"Just think of me as Irene.\" \"I don't like Irene.\" I lied. Just because I didn't want him to know I did. \"So, she is a woman, isn't she? Come on, how can you possibly resist my suave charm?\" That man. \"It isn't so much your charm as it is your breath. It is just drowning in the smell of alcohol.\" He frowned once more. \"I'm sorry darling. Just one, passionate kiss and I will never ask of anything of this sort again.\" Rolling my eyes, I leaned down over the drunk cripple and kissed him firmly, but softly, on his lips. Before I could pull away, he reached up, grabbed me by the hips and thrust me on top of him. My eyes grew as large as dinner plates, lips still locked with his. \"Jermph!\" The name was muffled under the kiss and the person who beheld it used this attempted at speech to slide his vodka-soaked tongue in my mouth for some exploration. Despite my feeble tries at freedom, I somewhat enjoyed this, the rush, the moment, even if he wasn't a woman, it was still pretty damn arousing. Pulling away slowly, he giggled and slipped his hand around to my back, his fingers playing with the hem of my pajama bottoms. I whizzed out. \"Okay, you had your fun, and that was enough for anybody. Goodnight!\" I had to keep my enjoyment tucked deep inside my mind for later mid-day daydreaming, and left in a hurry. Not leaving the slightest trace, as I did with everything nowadays, for him to notice the growing hardon concealed in those pajama bottoms of mine.","LastChapter":"A/N: I do not own Vincent and Jerome of GATTACA but I did enjoy watching the film in my Science class over the TAKS week. I was really hoping for some of not any slash, even the teeniest bit. (Sniffle) WHY DID HE KILL HIMSELF!! Sorry, I didn't want him to burn himself to detah, it was too sad to cope with. Well, this is a little snip-it I wrote while watching it. Time: Some night before that one dude was murdered with a keyboard which was AWESOME!! LOL, well, Enjoy my slashie entitled, \"Goodnight Kiss.\" A random night of drunken festivities :) Goodnight Kiss \"Viiinceeeennntttah!!\" Why does he have to be so loud , I'm just in the other room. A groan sounded from me as I got up and he cried even louder, \"Vinceeeent! I need you!\" \"Fine, I'm coming, I'm coming. Did you spill your brandy?\" For some reason, I was being really pissy that evening, but that could just be because I was sleeping. Asshole. Stepping off of the stairs, I saw him wheel over to me with a drunken smile plastered across his unshaved face. Funny, I never thought of him to be the 'giddy drunk' kind of person, he never is on any other occasion. \"Ello, Vincy-Poo! Can you help me get to bed; I don't think I can do it myself. I might fall and get a con-cuuu-concush-ee-on.\" He struggled with the word as if he were a five year-old reading The Odyssey . Even in my rage-filled grogginess, I managed a small chuckle and smirk at my own joke that preceded the action that caused it. \"Ok, I'll help you, but you owe me now. Don't wake me again.\" \"Oh, I won't, I promise. I'll be a good boy!\" With that, I scooped him up off of his wheelchair bridal style and walked him to his room. He sang and giggled incoherently the entire way there. I laid him down on his bed and tucked him in like the big baby he was being. Grinning, he looked at me as I stood at the door to say goodnight almost motherly, but with an aggravated look and my arms crossed over my bare chest. \"Goodnight, Jerome. Sweet, drunken dreams.\" I closed the door slowly, but just as I did, he whined once more. I got mad again. \"What?!\" \"Can I have a goodnight story?\" \"No.\" \"What about a goodnight glass o' vodka?\" \"No!\" There was a short pause in our very short and heated conversation but soon it was followed by his grinning face in the dark room saying, \"Well…how about a goodnight kiss?\" His words may have been choppy and slurred, but it was heavily caked with sensuality. I was stunned for a moment, never had I predicted this. \"A what? No, no way. Uh-uh. I'm not giving you a-\" \"Oh please, oh please, oh pah-leeeeeezah!?!\" Now, he may be what I would ever hope to call a friend and my only source of disguise and hiding, but I had never ever forever never been attracted to him. But if it would shut him up… I walked over to where he lay and leaned over him and kissed him on the cheek, almost fatherly, but with no feeling. He frowned at my lack of interest. \"That wasn't a kiss.\" His words were laced with hurt and sadness. I scoffed and kissed him on the lips but tried my hardest to keep it as short and as meaningless as possible, merely a peck. Still, he was not satisfied. So, he suggested, \"Just think of me as Irene.\" \"I don't like Irene.\" I lied. Just because I didn't want him to know I did. \"So, she is a woman, isn't she? Come on, how can you possibly resist my suave charm?\" That man. \"It isn't so much your charm as it is your breath. It is just drowning in the smell of alcohol.\" He frowned once more. \"I'm sorry darling. Just one, passionate kiss and I will never ask of anything of this sort again.\" Rolling my eyes, I leaned down over the drunk cripple and kissed him firmly, but softly, on his lips. Before I could pull away, he reached up, grabbed me by the hips and thrust me on top of him. My eyes grew as large as dinner plates, lips still locked with his. \"Jermph!\" The name was muffled under the kiss and the person who beheld it used this attempted at speech to slide his vodka-soaked tongue in my mouth for some exploration. Despite my feeble tries at freedom, I somewhat enjoyed this, the rush, the moment, even if he wasn't a woman, it was still pretty damn arousing. Pulling away slowly, he giggled and slipped his hand around to my back, his fingers playing with the hem of my pajama bottoms. I whizzed out. \"Okay, you had your fun, and that was enough for anybody. Goodnight!\" I had to keep my enjoyment tucked deep inside my mind for later mid-day daydreaming, and left in a hurry. Not leaving the slightest trace, as I did with everything nowadays, for him to notice the growing hardon concealed in those pajama bottoms of mine.","Summary":" A/N: I do not own Vincent and Jerome of GATTACA but I did enjoy watching the film in my Science cla","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Romance Humor  - Words: 903 - Reviews: 13 - Favs: 30 - Follows: 7 - Published: 4 20 2007 - Status: Complete - id: 3500410 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Homecoming","Author":"Dorryen Golde","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4700548","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Gattaca . The parentheses contain quotes from the film. Jerome Eugene Morrow had never had any reason to call this monstrosity of a house \"home\". Home had connotations of coziness and belonging. There was nothing homely about the hollow spaciousness, hissing automatic doors, and cold, metallic walls that only seemed to reinforce his self-imposed solitude, all part of a huge metal safe that locked him away from the rest of the world. Or perhaps cage was a better metaphor— safe implied the protection of something valuable, and for a long time Jerome had felt anything but that. The only time the godforsaken place had come close to feeling like a home was when Vincent moved in. The two of them really had nothing in common, except for a sort of loneliness that clung tenaciously to their bodies, much harder to brush off than the millions of dead skin cells shed every day. Perhaps in the past Jerome would have found the solemn, awkward Vincent quite annoying and worthless. In fact, at the beginning he had gotten a kick out of treating the nerdy degenerate with an obnoxious, supercilious attitude. (He's right. My eyes are prettier.) Once they settled into a routine, Jerome decided it felt rather nice to be needed after being an invisible, forgotten member of society for so long. Jerome recalled the day when he realized he was not alone in the world. \" What's the matter this time?\" Jerome had asked a despondent Vincent. Vincent had groaned, hand draped across his face. \"He knows.\" With the tacit understanding only shared between men, Jerome had immediately known what he meant. \" Who? How?\" \" The investigator. He's my brother.\" Well, that was unexpected. Jerome had never considered that Vincent had a family. The guy was so characteristically solitary that imagining him surrounded by kin was ludicrous. Not so different from yourself , taunted Jerome's mind . As for himself, Jerome didn't need a family. His parents had only cared that he make it to the top, crown himself champion of the world, of mankind. Once the silver medal toppled him from his pedestal, however, he had been erased from their memories. Too shameful! Jerome had wished he could erase himself. (You know, I wasn't drunk when I walked in front of that car.) But Vincent had started speaking again. \"Some brother he is,\" he had muttered bitterly. \"He never hesitated to prove that he was superior to me, someone with the path to success laid out for him in gold.\" He had glanced up and caught Jerome peering intently at him, abandoning his façade of indifference. When Jerome had realized he had been caught staring, he had turned away and said lightly, \"Who cares about your brother? He has no proof of your real identity. It probably just gets to him that you're getting off this ball of dirt while he's stuck down here examining eyelashes.\" At this, Vincent had smiled slightly, placing a hand on Jerome's shoulder. \"You're more of a brother to me than Anton could ever be, Eugene.\" \" Of course. Who else would be willing to spend the rest of their days giving you gallons of blood and piss?\" Jerome had tried to sound like his usual cool, somewhat shallow self, always confident, always with the upper hand. But the truth was that Vincent's candid declaration had shaken him to the core. Brother? He'd never had a brother before. The word made strange, foreign echoes in his head. \" What makes you think we could be brothers? 'We look nothing alike,' remember?\" Firmly shaking his head, Vincent had given him a knowing, affectionate smile, like the one he had worn the night Jerome had gotten drunk and Vincent had playfully said, \"Don't give me a hard time.\" Vincent now left Jerome's side to ascend the stairs. Halfway up the winding steps, he had tossed over his shoulder to his handicapped friend, \" Well, we're both invalids now, right?\" At first, Jerome had been offended at being called an invalid, feeling Vincent was ridiculing him for his paralysis. The affronted ex-swimmer had locked himself up in his room, brooding. Eventually, however, the loneliness had become unbearable—he had grown attached to his roommate. Wheeling himself out to where Vincent had been preparing to leave for work, Jerome had said, \"Don't you dare go to work disgracing me by looking like a mess. I demand that you fix that tie!\" With a boyish smile, Vincent had cheerfully done as he was told and had gone out the door calling, \"See you later, Eugene.\" And the ice had been broken, just like that.. With a grunt, Jerome had pondered his relationship with the degenerate. Vincent had called him an \"invalid\" without intending any insult or changing opinions of him. The degenerate was probably the first to accept and befriend Jerome for himself and all his quirks and flaws of temperament. Brothers . He liked the sound of that. \"I'm traveling, too.\" After months of seeing Jerome with that same wry twist of the lips, Vincent decided it wasn't too important and gave the vague statement no more thought. Before he left, Jerome gave him a small white envelope with the instruction that he was not to open until later. The two friends parted ways feeling uncharacteristically sentimental. Vincent disappeared out the door, and the house didn't feel like home anymore. \"Delayed? What do you mean the flight is delayed?\" Dr. Lamar shook his head bemusedly. \"I don't know what the hold up is. They should have taken care of any discrepancies before the day of the flight. Whatever the case is, though, it'll be at least an hour until you'll be able to board.\" Damn , thought Vincent. He didn't want to wait. Waiting meant he had time to think, and there was nothing to distract him from thinking of the people he was leaving behind. Lamar, Irene, Eugene—Eugene! Vincent eagerly took an envelope out of his coat pocket, finding a small card inside. Opening it, the first thing he noticed was the tuft of dark, wavy hair attached to the paper. Touched, yet somewhat uneasy, Vincent read the note on the other side. I'm proud of you, Vincent. His tears took him by surprise. Perhaps that was really what this was all about, or at least part of the reason. Maybe what he wanted most was not to travel in space, but to do something, be someone, that he and his family could be proud of. (No, not Anton. Name him Vincent.) The words—written with the arrogant flourish that distinguished Eugene's penmanship—echoed those that Eugene had spoken on one drunken night. The night that Eugene had admitted to attempting— No. It couldn't be. With mounting panic, Vincent read on. I'm proud of you, Vincent. Goodbye. Your brother, Jerome Eugene Morrow Goodbye . Vincent's blood ran cold. Surely not Eugene. Proud, charming, perfect Eugene. The man must have been drunk while writing this. (I'd never been more sober in my life.) Dr. Lamar barely had time to jump out of the way as Vincent Freeman bolted past the startled doctor and out the doors of Gattaca. Damn . Jerome had absolutely no doubt that he was making the right decision. If only his stupid hands could stop shaking so they could actually support him when he climbed into the waiting incinerator. He would not be a coward. He couldn't back out now, couldn't let Vincent down. He was no longer needed. Vincent had achieved his dream, and even if he was upset by Jerome's absence, the boy could always find comfort in the arms of Irene the Ice Queen. Funny. On the brink of committing suicide, and he was making jokes. Why was it so bloody cold in here? The open door of the incinerator looked like arms inviting him to come in and warm himself in its eternal fireplace. Taking a deep breath, Jerome started to climb in. \"Jerome Eugene Morrow!\" a voice cried. A million thoughts sprouted in his mind at this unexpected interruption. First was that he had never heard someone call his name with such concern, such fear for his well-being. Inexplicable warmth flooded through him, and suddenly burning up in scorching heat inside the cramped space was unthinkable. No! Don't back out! You must do this for— Only then did he recognize the voice. His hands shook and his paralyzed legs, unable to support the rest of his body, gave way to gravity. Jerome Eugene Morrow lay in a heap on the floor, and he had never been more mortified in his life. He hadn't wanted Vincent to seem him like this. Christ, I can't even die with dignity! Vincent abruptly closed his gaping mouth and advanced towards Jerome, eyes blazing. \"How—how could you!\" he choked out. Avoiding Vincent's piercing glare, Jerome murmured, \"What are you doing here?\" \"What are you doing there ?\" Vincent exploded furiously, pointing an accusing finger at the open door of the incinerator. Smooth, suave Jerome found himself speechless. \"I—It would be for the best—\" \"For what? For me to come home and find you reduced to a pile of ashes?\" \"I'm just a burden—\" \"You think I would give a damn about my career if my best friend was dead?\" Jerome sighed. Vincent walked up to him, knelt down, and helped him into a sitting position. \"Promise you will live for me, Jerome. Promise me. I still need you.\" Vincent's hands settled on Jerome's shaking shoulders. \"I promise.\" As Vincent ran, the white tunnel connecting the spaceship to Gattaca seemed to stretch on forever. He longed to breathe air again—real, natural air, not the overpurified oxygen he had inhaled for twelve long months. He had gone to the stars and back, yet none of the cosmic wonders he had seen had thrilled him as much as did the sight of an enormous, gray edifice—massive, gloomy, home . \"Eugene!\" he called jubilantly. He found his friend in his wheelchair before a small coffee table, ben over a bottle of vodka. Vincent slumped with disappointment. He didn't want his homecoming to commence with a drunken Eugene. \"You're drunk,\" Vincent stated glumly. Jerome looked up, sharp eyes sparking fire. \"No, I'm not, you nitwit. I wanted to prove to you that I could stay sober for more than 3 hours straight, so I went through this whole year abstaining from alcohol—and I'm sick of it. Now that you're home, we must get drunk immediately.\" A few hours and many bottles later, Jerome lay sprawled on his bed and Vincent was slumped in the bedside armchair. Both men sported lazy, languid smiles on their faces. \"So,\" Jerome said, making small talk, \"how were things in the tin can?\" \"Cramped,\" came the prompt reply. \"How were things in this oversized cell?\" This went on for a few more minutes, then silence descended. Vincent was the first to break it. \"I missed you, Eugene.\" A smile—a true smile, one not distorted by bitterness and cynicism—dawned on Jerome's face. Only two simple words came out of his mouth, yet they were remarkably poignant to the two lonely souls. \"Welcome home.\"","LastChapter":"Disclaimer: I do not own Gattaca . The parentheses contain quotes from the film. Jerome Eugene Morrow had never had any reason to call this monstrosity of a house \"home\". Home had connotations of coziness and belonging. There was nothing homely about the hollow spaciousness, hissing automatic doors, and cold, metallic walls that only seemed to reinforce his self-imposed solitude, all part of a huge metal safe that locked him away from the rest of the world. Or perhaps cage was a better metaphor— safe implied the protection of something valuable, and for a long time Jerome had felt anything but that. The only time the godforsaken place had come close to feeling like a home was when Vincent moved in. The two of them really had nothing in common, except for a sort of loneliness that clung tenaciously to their bodies, much harder to brush off than the millions of dead skin cells shed every day. Perhaps in the past Jerome would have found the solemn, awkward Vincent quite annoying and worthless. In fact, at the beginning he had gotten a kick out of treating the nerdy degenerate with an obnoxious, supercilious attitude. (He's right. My eyes are prettier.) Once they settled into a routine, Jerome decided it felt rather nice to be needed after being an invisible, forgotten member of society for so long. Jerome recalled the day when he realized he was not alone in the world. \" What's the matter this time?\" Jerome had asked a despondent Vincent. Vincent had groaned, hand draped across his face. \"He knows.\" With the tacit understanding only shared between men, Jerome had immediately known what he meant. \" Who? How?\" \" The investigator. He's my brother.\" Well, that was unexpected. Jerome had never considered that Vincent had a family. The guy was so characteristically solitary that imagining him surrounded by kin was ludicrous. Not so different from yourself , taunted Jerome's mind . As for himself, Jerome didn't need a family. His parents had only cared that he make it to the top, crown himself champion of the world, of mankind. Once the silver medal toppled him from his pedestal, however, he had been erased from their memories. Too shameful! Jerome had wished he could erase himself. (You know, I wasn't drunk when I walked in front of that car.) But Vincent had started speaking again. \"Some brother he is,\" he had muttered bitterly. \"He never hesitated to prove that he was superior to me, someone with the path to success laid out for him in gold.\" He had glanced up and caught Jerome peering intently at him, abandoning his façade of indifference. When Jerome had realized he had been caught staring, he had turned away and said lightly, \"Who cares about your brother? He has no proof of your real identity. It probably just gets to him that you're getting off this ball of dirt while he's stuck down here examining eyelashes.\" At this, Vincent had smiled slightly, placing a hand on Jerome's shoulder. \"You're more of a brother to me than Anton could ever be, Eugene.\" \" Of course. Who else would be willing to spend the rest of their days giving you gallons of blood and piss?\" Jerome had tried to sound like his usual cool, somewhat shallow self, always confident, always with the upper hand. But the truth was that Vincent's candid declaration had shaken him to the core. Brother? He'd never had a brother before. The word made strange, foreign echoes in his head. \" What makes you think we could be brothers? 'We look nothing alike,' remember?\" Firmly shaking his head, Vincent had given him a knowing, affectionate smile, like the one he had worn the night Jerome had gotten drunk and Vincent had playfully said, \"Don't give me a hard time.\" Vincent now left Jerome's side to ascend the stairs. Halfway up the winding steps, he had tossed over his shoulder to his handicapped friend, \" Well, we're both invalids now, right?\" At first, Jerome had been offended at being called an invalid, feeling Vincent was ridiculing him for his paralysis. The affronted ex-swimmer had locked himself up in his room, brooding. Eventually, however, the loneliness had become unbearable—he had grown attached to his roommate. Wheeling himself out to where Vincent had been preparing to leave for work, Jerome had said, \"Don't you dare go to work disgracing me by looking like a mess. I demand that you fix that tie!\" With a boyish smile, Vincent had cheerfully done as he was told and had gone out the door calling, \"See you later, Eugene.\" And the ice had been broken, just like that.. With a grunt, Jerome had pondered his relationship with the degenerate. Vincent had called him an \"invalid\" without intending any insult or changing opinions of him. The degenerate was probably the first to accept and befriend Jerome for himself and all his quirks and flaws of temperament. Brothers . He liked the sound of that. \"I'm traveling, too.\" After months of seeing Jerome with that same wry twist of the lips, Vincent decided it wasn't too important and gave the vague statement no more thought. Before he left, Jerome gave him a small white envelope with the instruction that he was not to open until later. The two friends parted ways feeling uncharacteristically sentimental. Vincent disappeared out the door, and the house didn't feel like home anymore. \"Delayed? What do you mean the flight is delayed?\" Dr. Lamar shook his head bemusedly. \"I don't know what the hold up is. They should have taken care of any discrepancies before the day of the flight. Whatever the case is, though, it'll be at least an hour until you'll be able to board.\" Damn , thought Vincent. He didn't want to wait. Waiting meant he had time to think, and there was nothing to distract him from thinking of the people he was leaving behind. Lamar, Irene, Eugene—Eugene! Vincent eagerly took an envelope out of his coat pocket, finding a small card inside. Opening it, the first thing he noticed was the tuft of dark, wavy hair attached to the paper. Touched, yet somewhat uneasy, Vincent read the note on the other side. I'm proud of you, Vincent. His tears took him by surprise. Perhaps that was really what this was all about, or at least part of the reason. Maybe what he wanted most was not to travel in space, but to do something, be someone, that he and his family could be proud of. (No, not Anton. Name him Vincent.) The words—written with the arrogant flourish that distinguished Eugene's penmanship—echoed those that Eugene had spoken on one drunken night. The night that Eugene had admitted to attempting— No. It couldn't be. With mounting panic, Vincent read on. I'm proud of you, Vincent. Goodbye. Your brother, Jerome Eugene Morrow Goodbye . Vincent's blood ran cold. Surely not Eugene. Proud, charming, perfect Eugene. The man must have been drunk while writing this. (I'd never been more sober in my life.) Dr. Lamar barely had time to jump out of the way as Vincent Freeman bolted past the startled doctor and out the doors of Gattaca. Damn . Jerome had absolutely no doubt that he was making the right decision. If only his stupid hands could stop shaking so they could actually support him when he climbed into the waiting incinerator. He would not be a coward. He couldn't back out now, couldn't let Vincent down. He was no longer needed. Vincent had achieved his dream, and even if he was upset by Jerome's absence, the boy could always find comfort in the arms of Irene the Ice Queen. Funny. On the brink of committing suicide, and he was making jokes. Why was it so bloody cold in here? The open door of the incinerator looked like arms inviting him to come in and warm himself in its eternal fireplace. Taking a deep breath, Jerome started to climb in. \"Jerome Eugene Morrow!\" a voice cried. A million thoughts sprouted in his mind at this unexpected interruption. First was that he had never heard someone call his name with such concern, such fear for his well-being. Inexplicable warmth flooded through him, and suddenly burning up in scorching heat inside the cramped space was unthinkable. No! Don't back out! You must do this for— Only then did he recognize the voice. His hands shook and his paralyzed legs, unable to support the rest of his body, gave way to gravity. Jerome Eugene Morrow lay in a heap on the floor, and he had never been more mortified in his life. He hadn't wanted Vincent to seem him like this. Christ, I can't even die with dignity! Vincent abruptly closed his gaping mouth and advanced towards Jerome, eyes blazing. \"How—how could you!\" he choked out. Avoiding Vincent's piercing glare, Jerome murmured, \"What are you doing here?\" \"What are you doing there ?\" Vincent exploded furiously, pointing an accusing finger at the open door of the incinerator. Smooth, suave Jerome found himself speechless. \"I—It would be for the best—\" \"For what? For me to come home and find you reduced to a pile of ashes?\" \"I'm just a burden—\" \"You think I would give a damn about my career if my best friend was dead?\" Jerome sighed. Vincent walked up to him, knelt down, and helped him into a sitting position. \"Promise you will live for me, Jerome. Promise me. I still need you.\" Vincent's hands settled on Jerome's shaking shoulders. \"I promise.\" As Vincent ran, the white tunnel connecting the spaceship to Gattaca seemed to stretch on forever. He longed to breathe air again—real, natural air, not the overpurified oxygen he had inhaled for twelve long months. He had gone to the stars and back, yet none of the cosmic wonders he had seen had thrilled him as much as did the sight of an enormous, gray edifice—massive, gloomy, home . \"Eugene!\" he called jubilantly. He found his friend in his wheelchair before a small coffee table, ben over a bottle of vodka. Vincent slumped with disappointment. He didn't want his homecoming to commence with a drunken Eugene. \"You're drunk,\" Vincent stated glumly. Jerome looked up, sharp eyes sparking fire. \"No, I'm not, you nitwit. I wanted to prove to you that I could stay sober for more than 3 hours straight, so I went through this whole year abstaining from alcohol—and I'm sick of it. Now that you're home, we must get drunk immediately.\" A few hours and many bottles later, Jerome lay sprawled on his bed and Vincent was slumped in the bedside armchair. Both men sported lazy, languid smiles on their faces. \"So,\" Jerome said, making small talk, \"how were things in the tin can?\" \"Cramped,\" came the prompt reply. \"How were things in this oversized cell?\" This went on for a few more minutes, then silence descended. Vincent was the first to break it. \"I missed you, Eugene.\" A smile—a true smile, one not distorted by bitterness and cynicism—dawned on Jerome's face. Only two simple words came out of his mouth, yet they were remarkably poignant to the two lonely souls. \"Welcome home.\"","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Gattaca . The parentheses contain quotes from the film. Jerome Eugene Morr","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Hurt Comfort Friendship  - Words: 1,915 - Reviews: 13 - Favs: 56 - Follows: 6 - Published: 12 6 2008 - Status: Complete - id: 4700548 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"The Senses","Author":"Spooky52","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2436011","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: The Senses Pairing: Vincent/Jerome Summary: Jerome is callous to everything. It seems the onlyrnway he can feel is to hurt himself. But Vincent changes that. Disclaimer: I don't own this movie or the charactersrnobviously. And this is something I cooked up from not being able tornsleep so I don't remember my exact state of mind when I wrote this.rnThis is my first pairing fic. I thought I'd give it a shot. Warning: Hint of self-mutilation in this story. And, yes,rnthere is slash in this. So please, if you aren't comfortable withrnm/m pairings, don't read. Also, I think Irene is awesome (afterrnall, she's played by cool Uma Thurman), but I couldn't resistrnwriting Vincent/Jerome. I mean they're such an interesting and rarernpairing. Amusing Pre-Story Quote: \"I like it when the red water comes out.\" -Salad Fingers (fromrn\"Salad Fingers\") I liked watching myself bleed. When I drew blood for Vincent I didrnnot flinch. I liked the feeling of the cold needle piercing my skinrnand watching the tube fill. I liked the pain. Since I found out I would never walk again I grew numb to everything.rnI was designed to be the perfect human and I failed everybody. I wasrnlike the Titanic: made to be unsinkable but I broke apart anyway.rnAfter my accident, my friends visited me less and less. Partlyrnbecause they couldn't believe it was me. My swimmers body wasrntwisted and scarred. My alcohol consumption became worse and worse. Irncouldn't bear to live sober. But mostly, my isolation was my ownrnfault. I'd purposely cut myself off from the world and remainedrntrapped in my prison cell of a body. At least pain was a feeling. At least the warm blood running down myrnarm was a sensation. And a hangover sure enough made me feelrnsomething. I didn't care what these things did to me as long as Irncould be human. I envied Vincent. He had passion and sorrow. All I had wasrnmelancholy. I hated him because he confused me. The longer he livedrnwith me, the more attached I became to him. This made me uneasyrnbecause I gave up on any connection with anyone years earlier.rnVincent depended on me to keep the DNA coming. Bits of skin, blood,rnurine, etc. But I depended on him to make me feel. Perhaps I love himrnin some strange way, I once thought to myself. After I thought this Irnlaughed at myself angrily. Loved him? I lost my ability tornlove and besides, he was a man . But then again, what didrnsexuality matter? Nobody wants to be with a fucking cripple. The night he recorded my heartbeat tested my feelings for him. Irnremembered a flutter in my stomach when he touched me to put thernrecorder on my chest. I hoped he didn't hear the tiny gasp I made.rnHe didn't it seemed. Or at least he didn't care. \"How long do you want me to do this for?\" I asked. \"About twenty minutes,\" Vincent said putting the headphones on. I began to roll the wheels of my chair. I looked at him listening tornmy heartbeat. What was he thinking about? Most likely about space andrnthe stars. I continued to push the wheels. This is what I have comernto, I thought, pushing the damned chair. I thought about how I wouldrnnever be able to run again. Worse. I would never be able to swimrnagain. The feeling of the water rushing past me. The movement of myrnbody in time with the current. It was all gone. And swimming was thernthing that made me feel truly human. My sight became blurred and myrnface hot. I stopped rolling and buried my face in my hands to cry. \"Eugene?\" said Vincent running over to me. He took his headphonesrnoff and knelt next to me. There I sat sobbing. As I thought swimmingrnmy heart broke. I hadn't remembered the last time I cried butrnsomehow it was a relief. Vincent put his hand on my back. \"What's wrong?\" he asked with gentleness in his voice. I sniffed and whipped my eyes. I said in a cracked voice, \"I'llrnbe fine. Just give me a minute.\" \"No, it's OK, you did it for long enough,\" he said. He reached to my exposed chest to take the recorder off. I grabbedrnhis hand. Surprised, he looked up at me. I pulled him towards me andrnkissed him. He gave a startled cry in my mouth and I let him go. Hernquickly stood and backed away. His face shocked and flushed. Irnrealized what I had done. \"I-I'm sorry…\" I stammered. I expected Vincent to yell at me or maybe even hit me. I thought hernwould do something to lash out his anger. But he didn't. He justrnstood there glaring at me. He walked away slowly and dumbfounded. Thernnext day, the incident was never brought up. It was as if it neverrnhappened. But it did. And I wanted him. One night I drank more than usual. It seemed that no matter how drunkrnI got that night, I couldn't feel. I went to the point where I feltrndizzy and sick. I rolled over to the kitchen and took out a knife.rnSince I was out of my element, I wasn't thinking about what I wasrndoing. I examined the blade and looked at how it glinted in thernlight. Next thing I remember was putting my hand on the table andrnspreading my fingers. When I was a teenager, I used to play kniferngames. I was very good at it. I could stab the blade in between thernspaces of my fingers without cutting myself. I wondered if I could dornthe same thing. Stabbed once. Stabbed twice. So far so good. I tried to pick up speedrnbut then… The pain was fierce but I didn't cry out. I pulled the knife out ofrnmy hand and looked at it. The blood oozed out rapidly. The gash onrnthe back of my hand spilled down my arm and onto the table. Blood. Itrnwas just red liquid. Red liquid filled with genetic code that hasrnbecome an obsession in today's society. I passed out. I woke up in my room. The light was very dim, so it took me a whilernto make out the corners. I turned my head to the nightstand. Thernclock said it was almost midnight. I'd been out for hours. My handrnwas bandaged up. Then the door opened. Vincent walked in and stood atrnthe end of the bed. \"Well?\" he said. \"I'm sorry,\" was all I could manage to utter. He sighed and looked at me with his sad eyes. \"Why do you do this to yourself?\" he asked. I didn't say anything. \"Why do you hurt yourself?\" he said. \"So…\" I hesitated, \"I can feel.\" He walked over to me and sat beside me at the edge of the bed. \"What do you mean 'feel'?\" he asked. \"Something…to let me know I'm alive,\" I said. He looked at me for a long time and he touched my cheek. It sent anrnodd feeling through my body. \"You're so beautiful,\" he said. No one had ever said that to me. I was speechless. I told him how Irnfelt by kissing him on the forehead. He didn't walk away orrnanything as I expected. He kissed me back on the lips. I blushed. Things became a blur after that. Next thing I remember was Vincent lying on top of me. His shirt wasrnoff and mine was open. We were kissing deeper this time. I ran myrnhand along his back and looked him over. He was pale and scrawny, butrnI liked it. He kissed my chest and then moved up and ran his tonguernacross my collarbone. My body shuddered all over and my breathingrnbecame quicker. I pressed my bandaged hand against his hip and beganrnslipping a couple of fingers into the waistband of his pants. \"Vincent,\" I murmured. He looked at me, his eyes wide. \"What did you say?\" he asked. \"Vincent,\" I said cupping his face in my hand. I can't really describe what happened next. I shut down all thoughtrnand just felt. My legs were damaged and numb, but this disabilityrnallowed every other part of me to awaken with so much more intensity.rnI could feel all my hairs stand. I could feel his skin against mine.rnI could feel the heat of his breath against my neck. I could hear myrnown voice breaking out loud. I could smell his hair. I could tasternthe bit of blood from when I bit my lip during a moment of intensity.rnAnd I could see deeply in his eyes, which were full of wonder andrnsadness. I can't remember the last time I felt so good. In the deep night Vincent lay asleep next to me. My body was stillrnreaching its normal state. I sighed and looked at him. I knew deeprndown that this was a once in a lifetime thing. As much as I desiredrnhave this with him again some time in the future, something told mernit wasn't possible. Were we lovers or friends? I couldn't say.rnOur relationship had no title. We were something a little deeper andrnin between lover and friend. I gave Vincent the ability to go tornGattaca by lending him my body. He gave me the ability to feel byrngiving me his love. I nuzzled into the crook of his neck and drifted off to sleep. I hadrna wonderful dream. I dreamt I was in the ocean swimming. I movedrnsleek in the water and felt the waves against me. The cool waterrnsliding down my back as I cut through the current. I swam out andrndisappeared in the horizon.","LastChapter":"Title: The Senses Pairing: Vincent/Jerome Summary: Jerome is callous to everything. It seems the onlyrnway he can feel is to hurt himself. But Vincent changes that. Disclaimer: I don't own this movie or the charactersrnobviously. And this is something I cooked up from not being able tornsleep so I don't remember my exact state of mind when I wrote this.rnThis is my first pairing fic. I thought I'd give it a shot. Warning: Hint of self-mutilation in this story. And, yes,rnthere is slash in this. So please, if you aren't comfortable withrnm/m pairings, don't read. Also, I think Irene is awesome (afterrnall, she's played by cool Uma Thurman), but I couldn't resistrnwriting Vincent/Jerome. I mean they're such an interesting and rarernpairing. Amusing Pre-Story Quote: \"I like it when the red water comes out.\" -Salad Fingers (fromrn\"Salad Fingers\") I liked watching myself bleed. When I drew blood for Vincent I didrnnot flinch. I liked the feeling of the cold needle piercing my skinrnand watching the tube fill. I liked the pain. Since I found out I would never walk again I grew numb to everything.rnI was designed to be the perfect human and I failed everybody. I wasrnlike the Titanic: made to be unsinkable but I broke apart anyway.rnAfter my accident, my friends visited me less and less. Partlyrnbecause they couldn't believe it was me. My swimmers body wasrntwisted and scarred. My alcohol consumption became worse and worse. Irncouldn't bear to live sober. But mostly, my isolation was my ownrnfault. I'd purposely cut myself off from the world and remainedrntrapped in my prison cell of a body. At least pain was a feeling. At least the warm blood running down myrnarm was a sensation. And a hangover sure enough made me feelrnsomething. I didn't care what these things did to me as long as Irncould be human. I envied Vincent. He had passion and sorrow. All I had wasrnmelancholy. I hated him because he confused me. The longer he livedrnwith me, the more attached I became to him. This made me uneasyrnbecause I gave up on any connection with anyone years earlier.rnVincent depended on me to keep the DNA coming. Bits of skin, blood,rnurine, etc. But I depended on him to make me feel. Perhaps I love himrnin some strange way, I once thought to myself. After I thought this Irnlaughed at myself angrily. Loved him? I lost my ability tornlove and besides, he was a man . But then again, what didrnsexuality matter? Nobody wants to be with a fucking cripple. The night he recorded my heartbeat tested my feelings for him. Irnremembered a flutter in my stomach when he touched me to put thernrecorder on my chest. I hoped he didn't hear the tiny gasp I made.rnHe didn't it seemed. Or at least he didn't care. \"How long do you want me to do this for?\" I asked. \"About twenty minutes,\" Vincent said putting the headphones on. I began to roll the wheels of my chair. I looked at him listening tornmy heartbeat. What was he thinking about? Most likely about space andrnthe stars. I continued to push the wheels. This is what I have comernto, I thought, pushing the damned chair. I thought about how I wouldrnnever be able to run again. Worse. I would never be able to swimrnagain. The feeling of the water rushing past me. The movement of myrnbody in time with the current. It was all gone. And swimming was thernthing that made me feel truly human. My sight became blurred and myrnface hot. I stopped rolling and buried my face in my hands to cry. \"Eugene?\" said Vincent running over to me. He took his headphonesrnoff and knelt next to me. There I sat sobbing. As I thought swimmingrnmy heart broke. I hadn't remembered the last time I cried butrnsomehow it was a relief. Vincent put his hand on my back. \"What's wrong?\" he asked with gentleness in his voice. I sniffed and whipped my eyes. I said in a cracked voice, \"I'llrnbe fine. Just give me a minute.\" \"No, it's OK, you did it for long enough,\" he said. He reached to my exposed chest to take the recorder off. I grabbedrnhis hand. Surprised, he looked up at me. I pulled him towards me andrnkissed him. He gave a startled cry in my mouth and I let him go. Hernquickly stood and backed away. His face shocked and flushed. Irnrealized what I had done. \"I-I'm sorry…\" I stammered. I expected Vincent to yell at me or maybe even hit me. I thought hernwould do something to lash out his anger. But he didn't. He justrnstood there glaring at me. He walked away slowly and dumbfounded. Thernnext day, the incident was never brought up. It was as if it neverrnhappened. But it did. And I wanted him. One night I drank more than usual. It seemed that no matter how drunkrnI got that night, I couldn't feel. I went to the point where I feltrndizzy and sick. I rolled over to the kitchen and took out a knife.rnSince I was out of my element, I wasn't thinking about what I wasrndoing. I examined the blade and looked at how it glinted in thernlight. Next thing I remember was putting my hand on the table andrnspreading my fingers. When I was a teenager, I used to play kniferngames. I was very good at it. I could stab the blade in between thernspaces of my fingers without cutting myself. I wondered if I could dornthe same thing. Stabbed once. Stabbed twice. So far so good. I tried to pick up speedrnbut then… The pain was fierce but I didn't cry out. I pulled the knife out ofrnmy hand and looked at it. The blood oozed out rapidly. The gash onrnthe back of my hand spilled down my arm and onto the table. Blood. Itrnwas just red liquid. Red liquid filled with genetic code that hasrnbecome an obsession in today's society. I passed out. I woke up in my room. The light was very dim, so it took me a whilernto make out the corners. I turned my head to the nightstand. Thernclock said it was almost midnight. I'd been out for hours. My handrnwas bandaged up. Then the door opened. Vincent walked in and stood atrnthe end of the bed. \"Well?\" he said. \"I'm sorry,\" was all I could manage to utter. He sighed and looked at me with his sad eyes. \"Why do you do this to yourself?\" he asked. I didn't say anything. \"Why do you hurt yourself?\" he said. \"So…\" I hesitated, \"I can feel.\" He walked over to me and sat beside me at the edge of the bed. \"What do you mean 'feel'?\" he asked. \"Something…to let me know I'm alive,\" I said. He looked at me for a long time and he touched my cheek. It sent anrnodd feeling through my body. \"You're so beautiful,\" he said. No one had ever said that to me. I was speechless. I told him how Irnfelt by kissing him on the forehead. He didn't walk away orrnanything as I expected. He kissed me back on the lips. I blushed. Things became a blur after that. Next thing I remember was Vincent lying on top of me. His shirt wasrnoff and mine was open. We were kissing deeper this time. I ran myrnhand along his back and looked him over. He was pale and scrawny, butrnI liked it. He kissed my chest and then moved up and ran his tonguernacross my collarbone. My body shuddered all over and my breathingrnbecame quicker. I pressed my bandaged hand against his hip and beganrnslipping a couple of fingers into the waistband of his pants. \"Vincent,\" I murmured. He looked at me, his eyes wide. \"What did you say?\" he asked. \"Vincent,\" I said cupping his face in my hand. I can't really describe what happened next. I shut down all thoughtrnand just felt. My legs were damaged and numb, but this disabilityrnallowed every other part of me to awaken with so much more intensity.rnI could feel all my hairs stand. I could feel his skin against mine.rnI could feel the heat of his breath against my neck. I could hear myrnown voice breaking out loud. I could smell his hair. I could tasternthe bit of blood from when I bit my lip during a moment of intensity.rnAnd I could see deeply in his eyes, which were full of wonder andrnsadness. I can't remember the last time I felt so good. In the deep night Vincent lay asleep next to me. My body was stillrnreaching its normal state. I sighed and looked at him. I knew deeprndown that this was a once in a lifetime thing. As much as I desiredrnhave this with him again some time in the future, something told mernit wasn't possible. Were we lovers or friends? I couldn't say.rnOur relationship had no title. We were something a little deeper andrnin between lover and friend. I gave Vincent the ability to go tornGattaca by lending him my body. He gave me the ability to feel byrngiving me his love. I nuzzled into the crook of his neck and drifted off to sleep. I hadrna wonderful dream. I dreamt I was in the ocean swimming. I movedrnsleek in the water and felt the waves against me. The cool waterrnsliding down my back as I cut through the current. I swam out andrndisappeared in the horizon.","Summary":" Title: The Senses Pairing: Vincent/Jerome Summary: Jerome is callous to everything. It seems the on","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Angst Romance  - Words: 1,723 - Reviews: 18 - Favs: 46 - Follows: 6 - Published: 6 13 2005 - id: 2436011 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"The Body","Author":"ceridwen-amyed","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1911526","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ThernBody by ceridwenamyed Disclaimer: Character and places don't belong to me and I'm notrnmaking any money out of this [/standard disclaimer] Author's Note: Written for Lisa, who demanded that I write slashy smut. It's slashy, but notrnso much smutty. Hope it was enough for you, dear! The thing Vincentrnlikes most about Jerome's body is its imperfections. He can catalogue them inrnhis head, and sometimes when he's at Gattaca andrnneeds to look cool and clean and unruffled he runs through them. When Jeromerngets too drunk to undress himself properly (which is often) Vincent lays himrndown on the bed and does it for him. First,rnhis white shirt. Thernback of the collar is slightly yellow with sweat but the rest of the shirt isrnwhite and crisp. There is a jagged scar cuts across Jerome's belly; the firstrnof the imperfections. Perhaps it is where he had his appendix removed, orrnspleen (Vincent is not too hot on the specifics of human biology) or anotherrnsouvenir from the accident. Jerome never tells him, and Vincent never asks. Jerome is a littlerntoo thin for a Valid – it seems that while Vincent worked hard to matchrnJerome's body, Jerome himself slip down to Vincent's weight. Everything aboutrntheir relationship is about compromise. Next, Jerome's Italianrnmade shoes and his belt, made of cracked brown leather and then his blackrnpants. His poor legs, the most imperfect thing about him,rnwhite and awkward. They always seems to bend inrnpainful looking positions, no matter how Vincent tries to make them straight. Thernthin crisscrossing lines on his thighs, like maps and roads. His too bony wrists andrnknuckles which crack when he first moves his hands in the morning. Allrnthese Vincent knows intimately and they provide him some kind of comfort. Herndoes not like to think too hard about why they should provoke such a reaction;rnhe wants to believe that they are enough by themselves. It's not that hernthinks he isn't good enough for Jerome; he knows that he is good enough to be him. But these things are delicaternand Jerome doesn't seem to like delicate things. They smash too easily. One night, Vincentrncomes home to find Jerome curled up on the floor, his wheelchair lyingrnoverturned nearby. Sighing, Vincent picks up the broken shards of glass fromrnthe floor and wipes away the spilled liquor. He picks up Jerome, who feels veryrnheavy unconscious and puts him to bed. Whilst he'srnunbuttoning his shirt, Jerome's eyes suddenly open and he grips Vincent'srnwrist, pulling it down towards his heart. \"You watch me,\" hernsays, his lips curving into that familiar smirk, \"I've seen you.\" \"You're drunk,\"rnsays Vincent briskly, trying to pull out of Jerome's grip. \"A little,\" admitsrnJerome, \"I'm not paralytic yet.\" And then he laughs at his own bad joke. \"Go to sleep,\"rnsays Vincent. Jerome is still holding his wrist painfully, and Vincent restsrnhis hand on the pillow just above Jerome's shoulder. \"I'm not tired,\"rnsays Jerome. \"And I'm not a child either. You can't tell me what to do. I'm arnman.\" His voice rises. \"I know you'rernnot,\" says Vincent, perhaps a little too quickly, for Jerome's eyes and hisrnsmirk widen. He has the expression of a cat who knows it's won on his face. Hisrnhand comes up to encircle Vincent's throat, his thumb and forefinger holdingrnVincent as if he would choke him. And then he slides his palm around the backrnof Vincent's throat and pulls him down for a kiss. Vincent lets him. His lipsrnare chapped and rough and there is a kind of desperation to the way he kissesrnVincent that belies the casualness of his hold on his neck. Vincent shiftsrnaway for a moment, climbing onto the bed and straddling Jerome's waist. Hernfeels almost surprised at the boldness of his moments but then again, it feelsrnas if this moment were inevitable, their every move already filed. He cupsrnJerome's face with his hands and kisses him softly, Jerome's hand stillrngripping his left wrist. His other hand is tugging at Vincent's shirt, pullingrnit out of his pants and then running a cool hand along Vincent's hot skin. \"The ultimaternnarcissistic activity,\" Jerome murmurs. \"What?\" whispersrnVincent, catching Jerome's bottom lip in his teeth, surprised as Jerome groansrnloudly. The sound shatters through the air. \"Jerome andrnJerome,\" says Jerome, suddenly looking different, vulnerable. \"Vincent andrnEugene,\" says Vincent, kissing him again, tasting Jerome's whiskey on hisrntongue. They say no more. Vincent's handsrnrun over Jerome's chest, tracing the lines of his wasting muscles and the scarrnon his belly, which he is delighted to discover as sensitive. He can feelrnJerome quiver beneath him, his lips kissing Vincent's shoulder and neck.rnVincent returns the kisses and then bites down hard on Jerome's shoulder,rnmaking him cry out loud. There will be another mark on Jerome's perfectlyrnflawed body in the morning and Vincent almost feels triumphant that it will be his mark. Jerome tugged atrnVincent's shirt, his belt, any material he can grab hold off. Vincent began tornfeel a little drunk, his vision blurring not myopically, but fuzzily, like thernworld was bleeding into itself and all that was left was the green-brown ofrnJerome's eyes and the noises he was making. It's all a littlernawkward, because Vincent has never really done this before, not with anotherrnman, and if Jerome has, he seems unwilling to show his experience. Or unable to. After what seemsrnan age of struggling, there is nothing between them and Vincent can finallyrngaze at all of Jerome's body without politely averting his gaze. He feelsrnafraid to meet Jerome's eyes, afraid that they will have frosted over and thatrnclipped angry voice will tell Vincent to get out. But a quick glance shows thatrnJerome has one hand over his eyes, as if he cannot bear this. \"Hey,\" saysrnVincent. Jerome's cool hand is on Vincent's waist, sliding up his side to hisrnshoulder. They're both shaking now. It'srnjust sex, Vincent tells himself. Notrneven that, really. But it's something unplanned and that fills him with arntemporary panic; he's spent the last few years planning every movernmeticulously, knowing that the slightest accident, a single moment ofrnill-preparedness will undo everything. Jerome kisses himrnand murmurs something in his ear. He's drunk, of course, but it thrills Vincentrnanyway and he thinks that he feels the same. At least at thernmoment. All he can think to do is show Jerome what he feels. Things get evenrnmore blurry and frantic; Jerome whimpers, a strange sound, and his palms arernsoft, his skin pale. Vincent kisses a trail of wet warmth down his chest,rnacross his abdomen, before Jerome tugs him back up for a kiss that shattersrnsomething deep inside of Vincent; he feels a tide stir inside of him, pushingrnand pulling. Jerome's arms arernstronger than they look and he pushes Vincent down into the bed, flippingrnhimself over as well. Vincent is, not for the first time, startled at how wellrnJerome can move, all things considered. And then he has no room for feelingrnstartled because Jerome's tongue is tracing the same path over Vincent's skin;rnchest, belly, and then lower. Vincent covers his mouth with his hand. He has arnsudden absurd fear of someone hearing. Perhaps he is afraid that if he criesrnout it will be all too real. It feels likernfalling, like he's had too much to drink and is falling into the gutter, takingrnan age to fall. Staring up at streetlights and stars, half-blinded and not noticingrnwhen he'd hit the ground. Teetering for a moment on the edge of something, arnpeculiar taste on the tip of his tongue, knowing there's something he needs tornsay, he has to say. Three words, andrnthen he cannot stem the tide, nor the cry that leapsrnfrom his throat. He's left gasping and shaking, feeling that odd emptiness of after , the warmth of Jerome's mouthrnpulling away from him. It takes a momentrnfor Jerome to crawl back up to look at Vincent's face. They stare at each otherrnfor a long time, barely touching. Finally, Jerome sighs. \"You'd better gornto bed,\" he says shortly, turning onto his back. His voice sounds odd tornVincent; perhaps it's just because it's measured dull tone is so different tornthe moans and whimpers. \"You have Gattaca in thernmorning. An early morning meeting, right?\" Vincent feels arnbrief flash of anger and a strange fluttering in his stomach that Jerome remembered his meeting. Jerome nudgesrnhim. \"Go on. Can't have you looking less than perfect.\" AutomaticallyrnVincent rises from the bed, trying not to look at the rumpled sheets or Jerome.rnHe rummages for his clothes which have found temporary homes across the room.rnHis belt is slung over a bedpost, his shirt on the lampshade, his trousers halfrnunder the bed. So this is howrnJerome wants to play it. Denial – unless it's because it didn't mean anything,rnit was just a drunken fumble. The type you regret in the morning. Vincent clutchesrnhis clothes to his chest, unsure of how he feels now and wishing the back ofrnhis throat didn't burn so. \"I-\" He stares atrnJerome's half-closed eyes, his naked body sprawledrnacross the sheets. He needs tucking in or he'll be cold in the night when thernheating goes off but Vincent's stomach twists and he can't quite bring himselfrnto cross the room and touch him again. He knows he should force Jerome to talk,rnshake him, demand to know what the hell is going on in that strange mind ofrnhis, but he can't. Jerome is too proud and he'd never tell. Vincent turns,rnstill silent, determined not to let Jerome see what he's done to him (although,rnbeing Jerome, he probably already knows). Jerome calls his name. \"Look,\" herncontinues when Vincent looks back at him, \"it's not that it's..rnIt's not a mistake. It's just…\" He trails off hopelessly. He's even less surernof all this then Vincent is; it's so easy to forget that under the blisteringrntemper, the black sense of humour and an oceans depth of pride, that Jerome is,rnafter all, human. An attempt at a perfect human which left him more broken andrnfucked up than nature could have ever made him. Vincent just nods.rn\"I know,\" he says. He drops his clothes, crosses the room, slipping a little inrnthe socks he didn't have time to take off. He helps Vincent between the coversrnand they both breathe a little more deeply, trying to catch their scent on thernsheets. Vincent finds himself smoothing the material across Jerome's body,rntucking the corners in. He doesn't know why he does this, but Jerome does notrncomplain. He even catches Vincent's wrist and kisses his palm. Vincent smilesrnwryly. \"How romantic,\" he says, thinking that they're anything but. \"Naturally,\"rnJerome mumbles, already half-asleep. \"Horribly romantic.\" Vincent fingersrnbrush Jerome's forehead before he reaches over to switch off the lamp. Hernpauses at the door to pick up his clothes, looking back briefly at the rise andrnfall of Jerome's chest before shutting the door quietly behind him. He goes out ontornthe roof, naked before the heavens and starts to count the stars. Naturally romantic , he thinks, andrnsmiles","LastChapter":"ThernBody by ceridwenamyed Disclaimer: Character and places don't belong to me and I'm notrnmaking any money out of this [/standard disclaimer] Author's Note: Written for Lisa, who demanded that I write slashy smut. It's slashy, but notrnso much smutty. Hope it was enough for you, dear! The thing Vincentrnlikes most about Jerome's body is its imperfections. He can catalogue them inrnhis head, and sometimes when he's at Gattaca andrnneeds to look cool and clean and unruffled he runs through them. When Jeromerngets too drunk to undress himself properly (which is often) Vincent lays himrndown on the bed and does it for him. First,rnhis white shirt. Thernback of the collar is slightly yellow with sweat but the rest of the shirt isrnwhite and crisp. There is a jagged scar cuts across Jerome's belly; the firstrnof the imperfections. Perhaps it is where he had his appendix removed, orrnspleen (Vincent is not too hot on the specifics of human biology) or anotherrnsouvenir from the accident. Jerome never tells him, and Vincent never asks. Jerome is a littlerntoo thin for a Valid – it seems that while Vincent worked hard to matchrnJerome's body, Jerome himself slip down to Vincent's weight. Everything aboutrntheir relationship is about compromise. Next, Jerome's Italianrnmade shoes and his belt, made of cracked brown leather and then his blackrnpants. His poor legs, the most imperfect thing about him,rnwhite and awkward. They always seems to bend inrnpainful looking positions, no matter how Vincent tries to make them straight. Thernthin crisscrossing lines on his thighs, like maps and roads. His too bony wrists andrnknuckles which crack when he first moves his hands in the morning. Allrnthese Vincent knows intimately and they provide him some kind of comfort. Herndoes not like to think too hard about why they should provoke such a reaction;rnhe wants to believe that they are enough by themselves. It's not that hernthinks he isn't good enough for Jerome; he knows that he is good enough to be him. But these things are delicaternand Jerome doesn't seem to like delicate things. They smash too easily. One night, Vincentrncomes home to find Jerome curled up on the floor, his wheelchair lyingrnoverturned nearby. Sighing, Vincent picks up the broken shards of glass fromrnthe floor and wipes away the spilled liquor. He picks up Jerome, who feels veryrnheavy unconscious and puts him to bed. Whilst he'srnunbuttoning his shirt, Jerome's eyes suddenly open and he grips Vincent'srnwrist, pulling it down towards his heart. \"You watch me,\" hernsays, his lips curving into that familiar smirk, \"I've seen you.\" \"You're drunk,\"rnsays Vincent briskly, trying to pull out of Jerome's grip. \"A little,\" admitsrnJerome, \"I'm not paralytic yet.\" And then he laughs at his own bad joke. \"Go to sleep,\"rnsays Vincent. Jerome is still holding his wrist painfully, and Vincent restsrnhis hand on the pillow just above Jerome's shoulder. \"I'm not tired,\"rnsays Jerome. \"And I'm not a child either. You can't tell me what to do. I'm arnman.\" His voice rises. \"I know you'rernnot,\" says Vincent, perhaps a little too quickly, for Jerome's eyes and hisrnsmirk widen. He has the expression of a cat who knows it's won on his face. Hisrnhand comes up to encircle Vincent's throat, his thumb and forefinger holdingrnVincent as if he would choke him. And then he slides his palm around the backrnof Vincent's throat and pulls him down for a kiss. Vincent lets him. His lipsrnare chapped and rough and there is a kind of desperation to the way he kissesrnVincent that belies the casualness of his hold on his neck. Vincent shiftsrnaway for a moment, climbing onto the bed and straddling Jerome's waist. Hernfeels almost surprised at the boldness of his moments but then again, it feelsrnas if this moment were inevitable, their every move already filed. He cupsrnJerome's face with his hands and kisses him softly, Jerome's hand stillrngripping his left wrist. His other hand is tugging at Vincent's shirt, pullingrnit out of his pants and then running a cool hand along Vincent's hot skin. \"The ultimaternnarcissistic activity,\" Jerome murmurs. \"What?\" whispersrnVincent, catching Jerome's bottom lip in his teeth, surprised as Jerome groansrnloudly. The sound shatters through the air. \"Jerome andrnJerome,\" says Jerome, suddenly looking different, vulnerable. \"Vincent andrnEugene,\" says Vincent, kissing him again, tasting Jerome's whiskey on hisrntongue. They say no more. Vincent's handsrnrun over Jerome's chest, tracing the lines of his wasting muscles and the scarrnon his belly, which he is delighted to discover as sensitive. He can feelrnJerome quiver beneath him, his lips kissing Vincent's shoulder and neck.rnVincent returns the kisses and then bites down hard on Jerome's shoulder,rnmaking him cry out loud. There will be another mark on Jerome's perfectlyrnflawed body in the morning and Vincent almost feels triumphant that it will be his mark. Jerome tugged atrnVincent's shirt, his belt, any material he can grab hold off. Vincent began tornfeel a little drunk, his vision blurring not myopically, but fuzzily, like thernworld was bleeding into itself and all that was left was the green-brown ofrnJerome's eyes and the noises he was making. It's all a littlernawkward, because Vincent has never really done this before, not with anotherrnman, and if Jerome has, he seems unwilling to show his experience. Or unable to. After what seemsrnan age of struggling, there is nothing between them and Vincent can finallyrngaze at all of Jerome's body without politely averting his gaze. He feelsrnafraid to meet Jerome's eyes, afraid that they will have frosted over and thatrnclipped angry voice will tell Vincent to get out. But a quick glance shows thatrnJerome has one hand over his eyes, as if he cannot bear this. \"Hey,\" saysrnVincent. Jerome's cool hand is on Vincent's waist, sliding up his side to hisrnshoulder. They're both shaking now. It'srnjust sex, Vincent tells himself. Notrneven that, really. But it's something unplanned and that fills him with arntemporary panic; he's spent the last few years planning every movernmeticulously, knowing that the slightest accident, a single moment ofrnill-preparedness will undo everything. Jerome kisses himrnand murmurs something in his ear. He's drunk, of course, but it thrills Vincentrnanyway and he thinks that he feels the same. At least at thernmoment. All he can think to do is show Jerome what he feels. Things get evenrnmore blurry and frantic; Jerome whimpers, a strange sound, and his palms arernsoft, his skin pale. Vincent kisses a trail of wet warmth down his chest,rnacross his abdomen, before Jerome tugs him back up for a kiss that shattersrnsomething deep inside of Vincent; he feels a tide stir inside of him, pushingrnand pulling. Jerome's arms arernstronger than they look and he pushes Vincent down into the bed, flippingrnhimself over as well. Vincent is, not for the first time, startled at how wellrnJerome can move, all things considered. And then he has no room for feelingrnstartled because Jerome's tongue is tracing the same path over Vincent's skin;rnchest, belly, and then lower. Vincent covers his mouth with his hand. He has arnsudden absurd fear of someone hearing. Perhaps he is afraid that if he criesrnout it will be all too real. It feels likernfalling, like he's had too much to drink and is falling into the gutter, takingrnan age to fall. Staring up at streetlights and stars, half-blinded and not noticingrnwhen he'd hit the ground. Teetering for a moment on the edge of something, arnpeculiar taste on the tip of his tongue, knowing there's something he needs tornsay, he has to say. Three words, andrnthen he cannot stem the tide, nor the cry that leapsrnfrom his throat. He's left gasping and shaking, feeling that odd emptiness of after , the warmth of Jerome's mouthrnpulling away from him. It takes a momentrnfor Jerome to crawl back up to look at Vincent's face. They stare at each otherrnfor a long time, barely touching. Finally, Jerome sighs. \"You'd better gornto bed,\" he says shortly, turning onto his back. His voice sounds odd tornVincent; perhaps it's just because it's measured dull tone is so different tornthe moans and whimpers. \"You have Gattaca in thernmorning. An early morning meeting, right?\" Vincent feels arnbrief flash of anger and a strange fluttering in his stomach that Jerome remembered his meeting. Jerome nudgesrnhim. \"Go on. Can't have you looking less than perfect.\" AutomaticallyrnVincent rises from the bed, trying not to look at the rumpled sheets or Jerome.rnHe rummages for his clothes which have found temporary homes across the room.rnHis belt is slung over a bedpost, his shirt on the lampshade, his trousers halfrnunder the bed. So this is howrnJerome wants to play it. Denial – unless it's because it didn't mean anything,rnit was just a drunken fumble. The type you regret in the morning. Vincent clutchesrnhis clothes to his chest, unsure of how he feels now and wishing the back ofrnhis throat didn't burn so. \"I-\" He stares atrnJerome's half-closed eyes, his naked body sprawledrnacross the sheets. He needs tucking in or he'll be cold in the night when thernheating goes off but Vincent's stomach twists and he can't quite bring himselfrnto cross the room and touch him again. He knows he should force Jerome to talk,rnshake him, demand to know what the hell is going on in that strange mind ofrnhis, but he can't. Jerome is too proud and he'd never tell. Vincent turns,rnstill silent, determined not to let Jerome see what he's done to him (although,rnbeing Jerome, he probably already knows). Jerome calls his name. \"Look,\" herncontinues when Vincent looks back at him, \"it's not that it's..rnIt's not a mistake. It's just…\" He trails off hopelessly. He's even less surernof all this then Vincent is; it's so easy to forget that under the blisteringrntemper, the black sense of humour and an oceans depth of pride, that Jerome is,rnafter all, human. An attempt at a perfect human which left him more broken andrnfucked up than nature could have ever made him. Vincent just nods.rn\"I know,\" he says. He drops his clothes, crosses the room, slipping a little inrnthe socks he didn't have time to take off. He helps Vincent between the coversrnand they both breathe a little more deeply, trying to catch their scent on thernsheets. Vincent finds himself smoothing the material across Jerome's body,rntucking the corners in. He doesn't know why he does this, but Jerome does notrncomplain. He even catches Vincent's wrist and kisses his palm. Vincent smilesrnwryly. \"How romantic,\" he says, thinking that they're anything but. \"Naturally,\"rnJerome mumbles, already half-asleep. \"Horribly romantic.\" Vincent fingersrnbrush Jerome's forehead before he reaches over to switch off the lamp. Hernpauses at the door to pick up his clothes, looking back briefly at the rise andrnfall of Jerome's chest before shutting the door quietly behind him. He goes out ontornthe roof, naked before the heavens and starts to count the stars. Naturally romantic , he thinks, andrnsmiles","Summary":" ThernBody by ceridwenamyed Disclaimer: Character and places don't belong to me and I'm notrnmaking ","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Romance  - Words: 2,030 - Reviews: 31 - Favs: 91 - Follows: 8 - Published: 6 15 2004 - id: 1911526 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Traveling","Author":"Twirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3106357","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The house feltrnstrangely empty with Jerome gone. No, it was Vincent. Vincent thernInvalid. Vincent the de-gene-erate. Vincent Anton Freeman. Vincent… the manrnwho's on a one year mission to Titan. To space. The real Jerome EugenernMorrow wouldn't be there to greet him at years end. Vincent wouldrncome home to emptiness. An empty home, an empty alcohol cupboard andrnan empty wheel chair. Eugene had know what hernwas doing when her walked out into the street. In front of the car,rnand knew what he was doing now. Perhaps the car wasn'trngoing fast enough. Perhaps when the car got close, Jeromernunconsciously tried to stop himself from dying. The doctors told himrnhe was lucky. Lucky it was only his legs that didn't work. Lucky hernwasn't dead. Fucking morons. Didn'trnthey know he was trying to kill himself? He knew that he wasrngenetically superior to most. The man who'd made Vincent Jeromernthought that perhaps the \"accident\" damaged Eugene's ears asrnwell. Or he just didn't care if Eugene heard. That still didn'trnunderstand why he was talking so softly. \"He's got anrnexpiration date you wouldn't believe. The guy's practically gonnarnlive forever. He's got an I.Q. off the register. Better thanrntwenty/twenty in both eyes. And the heart of an ox. He could runrnthrough a wall. If he could still run.\" \"Gonna live forever.\"rnNot really. He'd told Vincent he was traveling too. And he intendedrnto. Vincent had gonernthrough what had appeared to be a painful experience to becomernJerome. Especially the leg thing… And he turned out to berna much better Jerome Eugene Morrow than the real Jerome Eugene Morrowrnever was. That was why Eugene was going to let Vincent be him. Forrnthe rest of time. For as long as he desired. Eugene had rolledrnhimself over to the incinerator, and now was just staring at it, arnblank look upon his face. Steeling himself, Eugene used his arms tornvault from the wheelchair, landing with the familiar painful thud.rnThe cold metal of the stairs bit into his hands as he pulled himselfrnup. Ever since the \"accident\" his arms had gotten stronger. Itrnwasn't too difficult for Jerome Eugene Morrow to open thernincinerator door and pull himself in. Eugene pulled his knees up tornhis chest, fitting comfortably inside the incinerator. He shut therndoor, with only the slightest hesitation before moving down a littlernmore, deeper inside the thing that would claim his life. What if he was wrong?rnWhat if he actually had something to live for, something to stay for?rnVincent would only be gone a year… what would he do when he camernback and found the man he was pretending to be was dead? His remainsrnincinerated? The answer presentedrnitself. Irene. The pretty woman who worked at Gattaca. Yeah…rnVincent'd be fine. Eugene reached into hisrncoat, producing his medal. His silver medal. Jerome Eugene Morrowrnwas never meant to be one step down on the podium. Never meant to bernsecond best. He'd been told that his whole life: \"Jerome, You'verngot everything you need. All the genes you need to be the best. Don'trnlet us down.\" Yes… Jerome hadrneverything he needed. But he hadn't won. He gave it his all, andrnstill he failed. And when he tried to kill himself, he survived.rnProduct of his genetically superior self? He lifted the medal up,rnlooping it around his neck. Jerome Eugene Morrowrnwas second best, but Vincent had turned him into something wonderful.rnJerome Morrow, Navigator First Class at Gattaca. Going off on a onernyear mission to Titan. And to think Vincent had been worried aboutrnhim… Worried about Eugene alone for a year. Eugene had said, \"I'mrngoing to finish this.\" He's been halfrntalking about the wine, and half about what he'd started when hernwalked in front of that car. 'If at first you don't succeed, try,rntry again.' He thought. But at the time, he hadn't wanted tornworry the man who'd become him, and quickly changed the subject. It was odd. All hisrnlife, Eugene had been told that he didn't need anyone, onlyrnexcellence. If he had excellence, he'd have happiness. But he'drncome in second, and that wasn't excellence. There was no way hernshould have finished second. But he had. Eugene lifted thernmedal, looking at it, studying it. After he'd gotten it, he'drnmoped about in his hotel room, not even wanting to drink. He was farrntoo sober for it to be healthy. Then it was as if he occupied someonernelse's body. Controlling his own body with a joystick from farrnaway. He knew exactly what he was doing, moving mechanically. Hernwalked right in front of that car, knowing he would die. But he didn't. After that, he figuredrnsomeone should benefit from all this, and allowed himself to bernrented out to Vincent. Suddenly he foundrnhimself caring about the In-Valid. The God-child. It was likernwatching his child grow, or his kid brother reach a dream. Do thingsrnin life the real Jerome Eugene Morrow couldn't. Never even dreamedrnof doing. Eugene had been told that all he needed in life was to bernthe best. But he wasn't the best. What else was he supposed to do?rnHe didn't know anything else of life except the impulse to be \"thernbest\". But Vincent had workedrnfor what he wanted, sacrificed to be Navigator first class atrnGattaca. And Eugene was proud of him. Vincent taught himrnsomething. Just because you're engineered for excellence, thatrndoesn't bring happiness, nor does it gurrentee ecvellene. Eugenernwasn't happy, nor did he excel. He was engineered for the world,rnbut he couldn't understand it. Everything he'd known, been taughtrnand lived by was… wrong, for lack of a better term. He was wrong… Eugene wasn't reallyrnsure he liked Vincent. That if they'd met under differentrncircumstances, that they'd be friends. Eugene still wasn't surernwhat a \"friend\" was, the kind that you didn't have to pay tornget them to stay. But Eugene was proud of the de-gene-eraternnonetheless. He was proving to be a better Jerome Eugene Morrow thanrnhe could ever be. Eugene let the medalrndrop, and fall back into place around his neck. This was it. It wasrntime. He reached out and send the incinerator a signal to…rnincinerate. Too late to turn back now. Five seconds untilrndeath. It was amazing. Fivernseconds seemed like five hours. Eugene would feel everything. Thernmetal wall pressing against his back, the cold seeping through hisrnclothes. He could feel the medal's weight around his neck andrnagainst his chest. And, as always, the numbness that was his legs. Where he was going, hisrnlegs wouldn't matter. Where he was going, everyone would go at somernpoint. Eugene didn't know what to expect, he'd never been one forrnreligion. But he knew excellence, or lack there of, shouldn't andrnwouldn't matter. Jerome Eugene Morrowrnshut his eyes, never to open them again. It didn't hurt. There wasrna rush of pleasant heat, then nothingness He was traveling too. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Irndon't own anything. At all. And I figured there had to be a reason whyrnEugene killed himself, and this was my take on it.","LastChapter":"The house feltrnstrangely empty with Jerome gone. No, it was Vincent. Vincent thernInvalid. Vincent the de-gene-erate. Vincent Anton Freeman. Vincent… the manrnwho's on a one year mission to Titan. To space. The real Jerome EugenernMorrow wouldn't be there to greet him at years end. Vincent wouldrncome home to emptiness. An empty home, an empty alcohol cupboard andrnan empty wheel chair. Eugene had know what hernwas doing when her walked out into the street. In front of the car,rnand knew what he was doing now. Perhaps the car wasn'trngoing fast enough. Perhaps when the car got close, Jeromernunconsciously tried to stop himself from dying. The doctors told himrnhe was lucky. Lucky it was only his legs that didn't work. Lucky hernwasn't dead. Fucking morons. Didn'trnthey know he was trying to kill himself? He knew that he wasrngenetically superior to most. The man who'd made Vincent Jeromernthought that perhaps the \"accident\" damaged Eugene's ears asrnwell. Or he just didn't care if Eugene heard. That still didn'trnunderstand why he was talking so softly. \"He's got anrnexpiration date you wouldn't believe. The guy's practically gonnarnlive forever. He's got an I.Q. off the register. Better thanrntwenty/twenty in both eyes. And the heart of an ox. He could runrnthrough a wall. If he could still run.\" \"Gonna live forever.\"rnNot really. He'd told Vincent he was traveling too. And he intendedrnto. Vincent had gonernthrough what had appeared to be a painful experience to becomernJerome. Especially the leg thing… And he turned out to berna much better Jerome Eugene Morrow than the real Jerome Eugene Morrowrnever was. That was why Eugene was going to let Vincent be him. Forrnthe rest of time. For as long as he desired. Eugene had rolledrnhimself over to the incinerator, and now was just staring at it, arnblank look upon his face. Steeling himself, Eugene used his arms tornvault from the wheelchair, landing with the familiar painful thud.rnThe cold metal of the stairs bit into his hands as he pulled himselfrnup. Ever since the \"accident\" his arms had gotten stronger. Itrnwasn't too difficult for Jerome Eugene Morrow to open thernincinerator door and pull himself in. Eugene pulled his knees up tornhis chest, fitting comfortably inside the incinerator. He shut therndoor, with only the slightest hesitation before moving down a littlernmore, deeper inside the thing that would claim his life. What if he was wrong?rnWhat if he actually had something to live for, something to stay for?rnVincent would only be gone a year… what would he do when he camernback and found the man he was pretending to be was dead? His remainsrnincinerated? The answer presentedrnitself. Irene. The pretty woman who worked at Gattaca. Yeah…rnVincent'd be fine. Eugene reached into hisrncoat, producing his medal. His silver medal. Jerome Eugene Morrowrnwas never meant to be one step down on the podium. Never meant to bernsecond best. He'd been told that his whole life: \"Jerome, You'verngot everything you need. All the genes you need to be the best. Don'trnlet us down.\" Yes… Jerome hadrneverything he needed. But he hadn't won. He gave it his all, andrnstill he failed. And when he tried to kill himself, he survived.rnProduct of his genetically superior self? He lifted the medal up,rnlooping it around his neck. Jerome Eugene Morrowrnwas second best, but Vincent had turned him into something wonderful.rnJerome Morrow, Navigator First Class at Gattaca. Going off on a onernyear mission to Titan. And to think Vincent had been worried aboutrnhim… Worried about Eugene alone for a year. Eugene had said, \"I'mrngoing to finish this.\" He's been halfrntalking about the wine, and half about what he'd started when hernwalked in front of that car. 'If at first you don't succeed, try,rntry again.' He thought. But at the time, he hadn't wanted tornworry the man who'd become him, and quickly changed the subject. It was odd. All hisrnlife, Eugene had been told that he didn't need anyone, onlyrnexcellence. If he had excellence, he'd have happiness. But he'drncome in second, and that wasn't excellence. There was no way hernshould have finished second. But he had. Eugene lifted thernmedal, looking at it, studying it. After he'd gotten it, he'drnmoped about in his hotel room, not even wanting to drink. He was farrntoo sober for it to be healthy. Then it was as if he occupied someonernelse's body. Controlling his own body with a joystick from farrnaway. He knew exactly what he was doing, moving mechanically. Hernwalked right in front of that car, knowing he would die. But he didn't. After that, he figuredrnsomeone should benefit from all this, and allowed himself to bernrented out to Vincent. Suddenly he foundrnhimself caring about the In-Valid. The God-child. It was likernwatching his child grow, or his kid brother reach a dream. Do thingsrnin life the real Jerome Eugene Morrow couldn't. Never even dreamedrnof doing. Eugene had been told that all he needed in life was to bernthe best. But he wasn't the best. What else was he supposed to do?rnHe didn't know anything else of life except the impulse to be \"thernbest\". But Vincent had workedrnfor what he wanted, sacrificed to be Navigator first class atrnGattaca. And Eugene was proud of him. Vincent taught himrnsomething. Just because you're engineered for excellence, thatrndoesn't bring happiness, nor does it gurrentee ecvellene. Eugenernwasn't happy, nor did he excel. He was engineered for the world,rnbut he couldn't understand it. Everything he'd known, been taughtrnand lived by was… wrong, for lack of a better term. He was wrong… Eugene wasn't reallyrnsure he liked Vincent. That if they'd met under differentrncircumstances, that they'd be friends. Eugene still wasn't surernwhat a \"friend\" was, the kind that you didn't have to pay tornget them to stay. But Eugene was proud of the de-gene-eraternnonetheless. He was proving to be a better Jerome Eugene Morrow thanrnhe could ever be. Eugene let the medalrndrop, and fall back into place around his neck. This was it. It wasrntime. He reached out and send the incinerator a signal to…rnincinerate. Too late to turn back now. Five seconds untilrndeath. It was amazing. Fivernseconds seemed like five hours. Eugene would feel everything. Thernmetal wall pressing against his back, the cold seeping through hisrnclothes. He could feel the medal's weight around his neck andrnagainst his chest. And, as always, the numbness that was his legs. Where he was going, hisrnlegs wouldn't matter. Where he was going, everyone would go at somernpoint. Eugene didn't know what to expect, he'd never been one forrnreligion. But he knew excellence, or lack there of, shouldn't andrnwouldn't matter. Jerome Eugene Morrowrnshut his eyes, never to open them again. It didn't hurt. There wasrna rush of pleasant heat, then nothingness He was traveling too. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Irndon't own anything. At all. And I figured there had to be a reason whyrnEugene killed himself, and this was my take on it.","Summary":" The house feltrnstrangely empty with Jerome gone. No, it was Vincent. Vincent thernInvalid. Vincent","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Angst  - Words: 1,303 - Reviews: 16 - Favs: 21 - Follows: 3 - Published: 8 15 2006 - Status: Complete - id: 3106357 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"These Small Hours, They Still Remain","Author":"dudidam","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6424261","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: These small hours, they still remain. Fandom : Gattaca [1997] Pairing/Character: Vincent, Eugene, gen. Rating : PG Disclaimer : The characters are not mine, and no profit is made. Summary: You don't regret it – not then, and most especially, not now . . . . Here's the thing about being perfect: you wouldn't know how not to be one. When you've spent nearly whole your life being told how perfect you are, that you're such a fine specimen, that you're always gonna be on top, that you're always gonna be number one no matter what and that you're practically gonna live forever – how would you deal with finding out you're not as perfect as you're told to believe? You don't, that's how. Here's the thing you want to say most but never do: please don't leave. Please don't leave. Please don't leave. Please don't leave me here alone . In the few weeks Vincent's living with you, he has become the most constant thing in your life - such that he's become the center of your universe, the sun to your planets, before you even realize what's happening. It's rather ironic though, that when it comes down to it, your short time with Vincent is far more precious to you than the whole thirty-odd years worth of accomplishment you've been living. Here's how you define your life: Before , and After . Once, Vincent—no, Jerome , he's Jerome now—asks you, \"How do you define your life?\" So you tell him. Even in your own mind, it sounds so stupid and clichéd – to be using the accident that changed your life as the ground zero, as the parameter. But you just don't know how to define it any other way. Or perhaps you just don't want to. You still can't decide between the two. \"Why the accident, though?\" Vincent asks. \"Is it because it left you crippled, and therefore changed everything?\" \"No.\" You say. \"More because that was the moment I really realized I wasn't perfect. After all, what fool couldn't even manage his own suicide right?\" Here's what you never do: you never tell lies . Ever. Before , you didn't tell lies because you were such a perfect little kid, always doing what he was told. Always followed the rules and not a single toe out of line unless you were ordered to do so. Being so perfect you were practically above reproach, you were cruel in your truth, brutal in your honesty – such that you only had few friends. You told everything as it was, because that was how you were taught. Because that was how you were supposed to act. Because that was the only way you know how to be. After , you still don't tell lies. Not out of obligation, nor because it's become a habit, no. You tell everything as it is, because you have nothing to lose – at all. Literally. There's family. No friends. No lovers. All the people you're interacting with are, as Vincent so artlessly put it, the ones you pay. You only have Vincent. Since putting up with you is included in his contract, there would be no point for you to be anything but yourself. Especially since he'd also need to behave like you. …or so you keep telling yourself. But the truth? The truth is – the truth is , you need somebody to accept you for who you are, with all your flaws and damages included, and Vincent is – Vincent could, and does, understand . So no, you never tell lies. Ever. Except to yourself, that is. Vincent says, \"My heart is already ten thousand beats overdue.\" You say, \"My life is unofficially over a year ago. In the accident.\" Vincent says, \"You're supposed to live forever – your gene result says so.\" You say, \"How many heartbeats ago did your gene say you're gonna die anyway?\" Vincent says, \"Doesn't change the fact that this is not as it supposed to be.\" You say, \"What, you're bailing on me now? Just when you're about to go up there, in space, in less than a week time?\" Vincent says, \"That's not the point.\" You say, \"Really? I wasn't aware there was ever any other point. Look, it's simple: you go up, or you don't. So which is it?\" As if there was any doubt in the first place. Here's the thing about being perfect: it's lonely . You've got no friends; only competitors – those who thrive to get the same thing as you, and would want nothing more than to see you fall. There's no pat in the back; there's no comforting touch; there's no reassuring words, no nothing. When you've done well in school, all people say is, of course, it's already in his gene . When you've won the swimming competition, all people say is he has such a perfect combination of gene, isn't he? When you've memorized all the dialogue in the school drama long before anyone else, all people say is it's only to be expected; after all, it's already in his gene . They don't pay any attention to how much time you've spent to study; they don't think of how hard you've practiced your swimming; they don't realize how many nights you've spent awake memorizing lines, when other children are peacefully asleep. They dismiss all your hard work, and credit it to your gene . How – how unfair is that ? Vincent sleeps with you, sometimes. Not in the biblical sense, of course. Only in the most basic sense. When he thinks you're asleep, he would sneak into your room, tuck you in properly and secure the covers around you, before he lets himself lie on top of the covers, facing you. Then he would watch you sleep, sometimes for hours, before he drifts off himself. Something about his heart condition makes him a light sleeper, and he would always be gone at the slightest sign of your waking up, no matter the time – leaving barely a hint to his presence there. You only find this out much later, when one night you open your eyes, barely awake, your breathing pattern barely changes, to see his face right before yours. You don't know why he does this, nor care enough to find out. You're only grateful that you're not alone, even if you do still wake up to an empty bed. You think he knows that you know. But so long as there's no question, there would be no lies, and besides, you're rather good at keeping things to yourself. You take comfort where you can, after all. A week into his leaving, he starts to sleep with you under the covers, and no longer bothers waking up before it's time to wake up in the morning. It makes you all warm and content and grateful and mortified and embarrassed all at the same time, to realize just how much you need this; to realize that he needs this as much as you do – and maybe even more. To realize that he thinks you still have something to offer, despite the scattered remains of your self-worth on the floor. Vincent finds his dream in the cells of your gene. You find your salvation in him. As the day of Vincent's leaving keeps approaching, you find yourself thinking too much. Hard not to, since you're more often by yourself, these days. Especially now that Irene has inserted herself in Vincent's life, and, by proxy, your life. Honestly? You're amazed of her, really. That despite your name and gene and accomplishment records, she still manages to find the real person underneath the persona; that she really loves Vincent for who he really is, and not for the name he's using. \"Why?\" you've asked her. \"Because he's him ,\" Irene has replied. \"And I'm me. \" It shouldn't be enough, but it is . Here's the thing you would never admit to yourself: you're afraid of being alone . When Vincent tells you he's selected to go to Titan, you've spent hours holed up in your room, huddled under the protection of your blankets, where you pretend nothing could get you. Including just how frightening your find the prospect of him leaving you is – despite knowing that is the exact reason he agreed to the contract at all: so he could go into space. So why is it so hard to accept now, you don't have any idea . …or just having a hard time admitting it. You still can't decide. For a guy whose IQ's supposed to go through the roof, you sure had a hard time deciding things. Here's the truth about you, Jerome Eugene Morrow, that not everyone knows: You're right-handed. You're also a neurotic asshole who couldn't accept being less than perfect. After failing to win the first position on a swimming championship, you tried to kill yourself. You failed . Your parents are on the other side of the globe, aware neither of your location nor your well-being, and you had no intention to tell them. You volunteered for ' de-gene-erate ' program, also known as ' borrowed ladder' program, just for kicks – because you could . And guess what? You don't regret it – not then, and most especially, not now – when you finally could help an unfortunate man to reach his dream. No, you don't regret any of it – at all. Here's what you do in the last moment of your life: You extract two lifetimes worth of your own blood and urine, and some hair for Vincent's perusal once he gets back to Earth. You put a lock of your hair in a card as a going away present to Vincent. You pack away everything you own in boxes in your room, lock it, and throw away the key. You clean the makeshift lab in the basement and put everything back it its proper place. Once everything is in proper order, you write a note for Vincent (Jerome, he would be the only Jerome Morrow once he gets back from Tita) and stick it on the fridge door. Dear Jerome, everything's yours now. Love, Eugene Then you crawl into the burner, close the lid, and proceed to finish what you failed to do a year ago. You've never felt more peaceful in your life. Here's the thing about being perfect: there's no such thing as ' perfect' . . . . Fin.","LastChapter":"Title: These small hours, they still remain. Fandom : Gattaca [1997] Pairing/Character: Vincent, Eugene, gen. Rating : PG Disclaimer : The characters are not mine, and no profit is made. Summary: You don't regret it – not then, and most especially, not now . . . . Here's the thing about being perfect: you wouldn't know how not to be one. When you've spent nearly whole your life being told how perfect you are, that you're such a fine specimen, that you're always gonna be on top, that you're always gonna be number one no matter what and that you're practically gonna live forever – how would you deal with finding out you're not as perfect as you're told to believe? You don't, that's how. Here's the thing you want to say most but never do: please don't leave. Please don't leave. Please don't leave. Please don't leave me here alone . In the few weeks Vincent's living with you, he has become the most constant thing in your life - such that he's become the center of your universe, the sun to your planets, before you even realize what's happening. It's rather ironic though, that when it comes down to it, your short time with Vincent is far more precious to you than the whole thirty-odd years worth of accomplishment you've been living. Here's how you define your life: Before , and After . Once, Vincent—no, Jerome , he's Jerome now—asks you, \"How do you define your life?\" So you tell him. Even in your own mind, it sounds so stupid and clichéd – to be using the accident that changed your life as the ground zero, as the parameter. But you just don't know how to define it any other way. Or perhaps you just don't want to. You still can't decide between the two. \"Why the accident, though?\" Vincent asks. \"Is it because it left you crippled, and therefore changed everything?\" \"No.\" You say. \"More because that was the moment I really realized I wasn't perfect. After all, what fool couldn't even manage his own suicide right?\" Here's what you never do: you never tell lies . Ever. Before , you didn't tell lies because you were such a perfect little kid, always doing what he was told. Always followed the rules and not a single toe out of line unless you were ordered to do so. Being so perfect you were practically above reproach, you were cruel in your truth, brutal in your honesty – such that you only had few friends. You told everything as it was, because that was how you were taught. Because that was how you were supposed to act. Because that was the only way you know how to be. After , you still don't tell lies. Not out of obligation, nor because it's become a habit, no. You tell everything as it is, because you have nothing to lose – at all. Literally. There's family. No friends. No lovers. All the people you're interacting with are, as Vincent so artlessly put it, the ones you pay. You only have Vincent. Since putting up with you is included in his contract, there would be no point for you to be anything but yourself. Especially since he'd also need to behave like you. …or so you keep telling yourself. But the truth? The truth is – the truth is , you need somebody to accept you for who you are, with all your flaws and damages included, and Vincent is – Vincent could, and does, understand . So no, you never tell lies. Ever. Except to yourself, that is. Vincent says, \"My heart is already ten thousand beats overdue.\" You say, \"My life is unofficially over a year ago. In the accident.\" Vincent says, \"You're supposed to live forever – your gene result says so.\" You say, \"How many heartbeats ago did your gene say you're gonna die anyway?\" Vincent says, \"Doesn't change the fact that this is not as it supposed to be.\" You say, \"What, you're bailing on me now? Just when you're about to go up there, in space, in less than a week time?\" Vincent says, \"That's not the point.\" You say, \"Really? I wasn't aware there was ever any other point. Look, it's simple: you go up, or you don't. So which is it?\" As if there was any doubt in the first place. Here's the thing about being perfect: it's lonely . You've got no friends; only competitors – those who thrive to get the same thing as you, and would want nothing more than to see you fall. There's no pat in the back; there's no comforting touch; there's no reassuring words, no nothing. When you've done well in school, all people say is, of course, it's already in his gene . When you've won the swimming competition, all people say is he has such a perfect combination of gene, isn't he? When you've memorized all the dialogue in the school drama long before anyone else, all people say is it's only to be expected; after all, it's already in his gene . They don't pay any attention to how much time you've spent to study; they don't think of how hard you've practiced your swimming; they don't realize how many nights you've spent awake memorizing lines, when other children are peacefully asleep. They dismiss all your hard work, and credit it to your gene . How – how unfair is that ? Vincent sleeps with you, sometimes. Not in the biblical sense, of course. Only in the most basic sense. When he thinks you're asleep, he would sneak into your room, tuck you in properly and secure the covers around you, before he lets himself lie on top of the covers, facing you. Then he would watch you sleep, sometimes for hours, before he drifts off himself. Something about his heart condition makes him a light sleeper, and he would always be gone at the slightest sign of your waking up, no matter the time – leaving barely a hint to his presence there. You only find this out much later, when one night you open your eyes, barely awake, your breathing pattern barely changes, to see his face right before yours. You don't know why he does this, nor care enough to find out. You're only grateful that you're not alone, even if you do still wake up to an empty bed. You think he knows that you know. But so long as there's no question, there would be no lies, and besides, you're rather good at keeping things to yourself. You take comfort where you can, after all. A week into his leaving, he starts to sleep with you under the covers, and no longer bothers waking up before it's time to wake up in the morning. It makes you all warm and content and grateful and mortified and embarrassed all at the same time, to realize just how much you need this; to realize that he needs this as much as you do – and maybe even more. To realize that he thinks you still have something to offer, despite the scattered remains of your self-worth on the floor. Vincent finds his dream in the cells of your gene. You find your salvation in him. As the day of Vincent's leaving keeps approaching, you find yourself thinking too much. Hard not to, since you're more often by yourself, these days. Especially now that Irene has inserted herself in Vincent's life, and, by proxy, your life. Honestly? You're amazed of her, really. That despite your name and gene and accomplishment records, she still manages to find the real person underneath the persona; that she really loves Vincent for who he really is, and not for the name he's using. \"Why?\" you've asked her. \"Because he's him ,\" Irene has replied. \"And I'm me. \" It shouldn't be enough, but it is . Here's the thing you would never admit to yourself: you're afraid of being alone . When Vincent tells you he's selected to go to Titan, you've spent hours holed up in your room, huddled under the protection of your blankets, where you pretend nothing could get you. Including just how frightening your find the prospect of him leaving you is – despite knowing that is the exact reason he agreed to the contract at all: so he could go into space. So why is it so hard to accept now, you don't have any idea . …or just having a hard time admitting it. You still can't decide. For a guy whose IQ's supposed to go through the roof, you sure had a hard time deciding things. Here's the truth about you, Jerome Eugene Morrow, that not everyone knows: You're right-handed. You're also a neurotic asshole who couldn't accept being less than perfect. After failing to win the first position on a swimming championship, you tried to kill yourself. You failed . Your parents are on the other side of the globe, aware neither of your location nor your well-being, and you had no intention to tell them. You volunteered for ' de-gene-erate ' program, also known as ' borrowed ladder' program, just for kicks – because you could . And guess what? You don't regret it – not then, and most especially, not now – when you finally could help an unfortunate man to reach his dream. No, you don't regret any of it – at all. Here's what you do in the last moment of your life: You extract two lifetimes worth of your own blood and urine, and some hair for Vincent's perusal once he gets back to Earth. You put a lock of your hair in a card as a going away present to Vincent. You pack away everything you own in boxes in your room, lock it, and throw away the key. You clean the makeshift lab in the basement and put everything back it its proper place. Once everything is in proper order, you write a note for Vincent (Jerome, he would be the only Jerome Morrow once he gets back from Tita) and stick it on the fridge door. Dear Jerome, everything's yours now. Love, Eugene Then you crawl into the burner, close the lid, and proceed to finish what you failed to do a year ago. You've never felt more peaceful in your life. Here's the thing about being perfect: there's no such thing as ' perfect' . . . . Fin.","Summary":" Title: These small hours, they still remain. Fandom : Gattaca [1997] Pairing/Character: Vincent, Eu","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K - English - Drama  - Words: 1,814 - Reviews: 10 - Favs: 22 - Follows: 1 - Published: 10 24 2010 - Status: Complete - id: 6424261 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Incinerated Heartbeats","Author":"KatBoots","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9135893","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: We watched GATTACA in English class, and I could not stand the ending. So I changed it. A Vincent/Eugene AU. Incinerated Heartbeats Eugene, for that was who he was now, waited until he knew Vincent was gone before heading towards the incinerator. Vincent. To conquer. Well, he certainly conquered my heart, he mused, with a sad smile. He makes a better Jerome than I did or ever will. He opened the incinerator and hauled himself inside it, having difficulty getting the dead weight of his legs up and through the opening. Pulling out the silver medal, he thought, I even made a second-rate Jerome. Fingering it, he partially closed the grate, and reached for the switch—only to find a note, in his own handwriting, taped to the inside of the incinerator. No, not his handwriting, Jerome's. It did not belong solely to him anymore. I'm proud of you, Vincent . Sighing, he read the note. Eugene— Don't you dare. Don't do this to me, Eugene. I need you. Not your body, you. I need your snarky attitude and passion, your vanity and pride. That gentle caring that you hate to show, the way you subtly point out and help me fix my mistakes. I need it all, and I want it all. I guess it took being you to realize I love you. I love your looks of exasperation, of fondness and concern, of passionate anger or sorrow. I love you, Jerome Eugene Morrow. So wait for me. Wait for me, because I don't think my weak heart, thousands of beats overdue, could handle it if I came back to find you lost to me forever. It is sheer determination and passion that has kept me living this long, Eugene, but if you left me, if you did this to yourself, what would I have left to live for? What reason would I have to keep pushing my heart along? So live for me, please. Wait for me, I promise I'll be back. I'll be back, and we can be together, you and me. I'll be back, and we can move away from GATTACA, we can go somewhere else, anywhere you want. While you have given me the universe, Eugene, I would be happy living in a hut as long as you were alive and there with me. I love you, Eugene, so live for me. You don't have to love me back, just keep living, and don't leave me alone in this world. I love you, Vincent Eugene tried to stifle his tears. He was a man, and he would not cry. Damn you, Vincent. I'm supposed to be the one who's good at guilt-trips. He sighed again, and turned his gaze skyward, saying, \"Alright, you prat, I'll live for you. And I love you too, you moron.\" Tucking the note into his inner jacket pocket, Eugene opened the grate again and scowled at his wheelchair, a mere four feet away, but a distance that seemed insurmountable from his perch in the incinerator. Well this is going to be as difficult as hell. Days passed. Every morning, and every time he felt like crawling back into the incinerator, Eugene would pull out the note and read it, to remind himself of why he had to keep living. He had to, if not for himself, then for Vincent. Every day he put a mark on the old-fashioned wall calendar he'd bought, counting down until Vincent's return. He found himself drawn towards the cigarettes and alcohol he had given up ( for Vincent , a part of his mind reminded him), but refused to give into temptation. He read more, and took up the violin through online courses. Days turned into weeks, and Eugene became restless. At times he longed to go back to the incinerator, but he did not. For Vincent, he reminded himself, to keep Vincent's heart beating. He will not die, not because of me. At times he dreamed about Vincent's return. Will he be the same, will he still love me? How could he? I'm useless, stuck in this damned wheelchair. For the first time in his life, Eugene had ambition: he would become useful. He would prove his worth, to himself, and to Vincent. First, he went back to his hidden medical records and found out more about his condition. He had not before, because, to him, he was paralyzed, his life as a star swimmer was over, and that was it. Why would the specifics have mattered, if he was damned anyway? But now it mattered. Was this as permanent as he had been told? Could he do more than sit around and pine for someone not even on the planet? It turned out he could. While there was a 99% chance his state would never improve, that meant there was still that one percent, and he clung to that. There was a 99% chance that Vincent would die two years ago, but his heart still beats. Eugene's own heart clenched. At least, I hope it does. Two months, one week, and three days after Vincent left the earth ( not for forever, he reminded himself) Eugene finally got back in the water. It took a while to get used to swimming without the use of his legs, but he did it. Sometimes, while he was swimming in their endless pool, he thought he could feel his legs. It was only every now and then, as a brief flash of sensation, but it gave him hope. Weeks turned into months, and soon Vincent's journey was half-way over. Only six more months to go, he thought bitterly. He still needed to read the note every day, and he still occasionally craved for everything to end, but he resisted. He would make Vincent as proud of him as he was of Vincent. Soon the date of Vincent's return was fast approaching, and Eugene felt disappointed in his own progress. While he regained feeling in his legs more frequently and for longer stretches of time, he wanted to walk, no, run, and greet Vincent when he entered their door. It was the day at last. Eugene crawled up the stairs ( if I can do it once for him, I can do it again ) in a desperate attempt to see Vincent that much sooner. He wished he could have gone to the base and met him on the landing pad, but he knew that it would be far too suspicious. He hauled himself onto a chair; to where he could see anyone entering before they turned and saw him. And then the door opened, and his beautiful, weary astronaut was home at last. Eugene examined him critically. He looked tired, exhausted, really, as if every breath might be his last. Eugene remembered with a pang that it very well could be. Vincent's shoulders were hunched as if he was already preparing himself for disappointment, for finding that his note had not been enough. Unable to stand his friend and love's defeated stance, Eugene drawled out, \"Welcome home, honey. I've made supper.\" Vincent's head shot up, and the grin that Eugene adored so much appeared on his face. He stepped forward, saying, \"Eugene! You're—\" \"Alive, sober, healthy (from the waist up), and stuck in this chair. Help me up, would you? I want to sit on the couch. With you. And then we can talk about why I'm still here, and what we are now. Got it?\" Vincent's grin got wider, if such a thing was possible, and he laughed, a beautiful sound, saying, \"got it.\" They had a bit of an awkward time trying to move Eugene to the couch, since his wheelchair was downstairs and Vincent not at his strongest, but they managed to collapse onto the couch, and Eugene snaked an arm around his astronaut before he tried to move away. \"I've missed you,\" said Eugene as he pretended to absent-mindedly hold Vincent's wrist while actually taking his pulse. Still high, but steady. Good. \"I've missed you too,\" responded Vincent, seemingly not noticing the taking of his pulse. \"Do you love me, still?\" questioned Eugene. \"As I love you?\" \"Yes,\" breathed Vincent, \"I love you as much and more. Every day I woke up wondering if you still lived, and every time my heart beat I wondered if yours still did. I had never wanted to be on the earth more than when I had to leave it, leave you. I no longer longed for the universe; I just wanted to be home, here, with you.\" \"I feel the same. I stayed for you, didn't I? I climbed out of the incinerator. I love you, and I will continue to love you, unless you do something stupid and die on me. Then I'll hate you. Got it?\" \"Got it. As long as you promise not to die on me either.\" said Vincent, grinning. \"Deal,\" said Eugene, and they sealed it with a kiss.","LastChapter":"A/N: We watched GATTACA in English class, and I could not stand the ending. So I changed it. A Vincent/Eugene AU. Incinerated Heartbeats Eugene, for that was who he was now, waited until he knew Vincent was gone before heading towards the incinerator. Vincent. To conquer. Well, he certainly conquered my heart, he mused, with a sad smile. He makes a better Jerome than I did or ever will. He opened the incinerator and hauled himself inside it, having difficulty getting the dead weight of his legs up and through the opening. Pulling out the silver medal, he thought, I even made a second-rate Jerome. Fingering it, he partially closed the grate, and reached for the switch—only to find a note, in his own handwriting, taped to the inside of the incinerator. No, not his handwriting, Jerome's. It did not belong solely to him anymore. I'm proud of you, Vincent . Sighing, he read the note. Eugene— Don't you dare. Don't do this to me, Eugene. I need you. Not your body, you. I need your snarky attitude and passion, your vanity and pride. That gentle caring that you hate to show, the way you subtly point out and help me fix my mistakes. I need it all, and I want it all. I guess it took being you to realize I love you. I love your looks of exasperation, of fondness and concern, of passionate anger or sorrow. I love you, Jerome Eugene Morrow. So wait for me. Wait for me, because I don't think my weak heart, thousands of beats overdue, could handle it if I came back to find you lost to me forever. It is sheer determination and passion that has kept me living this long, Eugene, but if you left me, if you did this to yourself, what would I have left to live for? What reason would I have to keep pushing my heart along? So live for me, please. Wait for me, I promise I'll be back. I'll be back, and we can be together, you and me. I'll be back, and we can move away from GATTACA, we can go somewhere else, anywhere you want. While you have given me the universe, Eugene, I would be happy living in a hut as long as you were alive and there with me. I love you, Eugene, so live for me. You don't have to love me back, just keep living, and don't leave me alone in this world. I love you, Vincent Eugene tried to stifle his tears. He was a man, and he would not cry. Damn you, Vincent. I'm supposed to be the one who's good at guilt-trips. He sighed again, and turned his gaze skyward, saying, \"Alright, you prat, I'll live for you. And I love you too, you moron.\" Tucking the note into his inner jacket pocket, Eugene opened the grate again and scowled at his wheelchair, a mere four feet away, but a distance that seemed insurmountable from his perch in the incinerator. Well this is going to be as difficult as hell. Days passed. Every morning, and every time he felt like crawling back into the incinerator, Eugene would pull out the note and read it, to remind himself of why he had to keep living. He had to, if not for himself, then for Vincent. Every day he put a mark on the old-fashioned wall calendar he'd bought, counting down until Vincent's return. He found himself drawn towards the cigarettes and alcohol he had given up ( for Vincent , a part of his mind reminded him), but refused to give into temptation. He read more, and took up the violin through online courses. Days turned into weeks, and Eugene became restless. At times he longed to go back to the incinerator, but he did not. For Vincent, he reminded himself, to keep Vincent's heart beating. He will not die, not because of me. At times he dreamed about Vincent's return. Will he be the same, will he still love me? How could he? I'm useless, stuck in this damned wheelchair. For the first time in his life, Eugene had ambition: he would become useful. He would prove his worth, to himself, and to Vincent. First, he went back to his hidden medical records and found out more about his condition. He had not before, because, to him, he was paralyzed, his life as a star swimmer was over, and that was it. Why would the specifics have mattered, if he was damned anyway? But now it mattered. Was this as permanent as he had been told? Could he do more than sit around and pine for someone not even on the planet? It turned out he could. While there was a 99% chance his state would never improve, that meant there was still that one percent, and he clung to that. There was a 99% chance that Vincent would die two years ago, but his heart still beats. Eugene's own heart clenched. At least, I hope it does. Two months, one week, and three days after Vincent left the earth ( not for forever, he reminded himself) Eugene finally got back in the water. It took a while to get used to swimming without the use of his legs, but he did it. Sometimes, while he was swimming in their endless pool, he thought he could feel his legs. It was only every now and then, as a brief flash of sensation, but it gave him hope. Weeks turned into months, and soon Vincent's journey was half-way over. Only six more months to go, he thought bitterly. He still needed to read the note every day, and he still occasionally craved for everything to end, but he resisted. He would make Vincent as proud of him as he was of Vincent. Soon the date of Vincent's return was fast approaching, and Eugene felt disappointed in his own progress. While he regained feeling in his legs more frequently and for longer stretches of time, he wanted to walk, no, run, and greet Vincent when he entered their door. It was the day at last. Eugene crawled up the stairs ( if I can do it once for him, I can do it again ) in a desperate attempt to see Vincent that much sooner. He wished he could have gone to the base and met him on the landing pad, but he knew that it would be far too suspicious. He hauled himself onto a chair; to where he could see anyone entering before they turned and saw him. And then the door opened, and his beautiful, weary astronaut was home at last. Eugene examined him critically. He looked tired, exhausted, really, as if every breath might be his last. Eugene remembered with a pang that it very well could be. Vincent's shoulders were hunched as if he was already preparing himself for disappointment, for finding that his note had not been enough. Unable to stand his friend and love's defeated stance, Eugene drawled out, \"Welcome home, honey. I've made supper.\" Vincent's head shot up, and the grin that Eugene adored so much appeared on his face. He stepped forward, saying, \"Eugene! You're—\" \"Alive, sober, healthy (from the waist up), and stuck in this chair. Help me up, would you? I want to sit on the couch. With you. And then we can talk about why I'm still here, and what we are now. Got it?\" Vincent's grin got wider, if such a thing was possible, and he laughed, a beautiful sound, saying, \"got it.\" They had a bit of an awkward time trying to move Eugene to the couch, since his wheelchair was downstairs and Vincent not at his strongest, but they managed to collapse onto the couch, and Eugene snaked an arm around his astronaut before he tried to move away. \"I've missed you,\" said Eugene as he pretended to absent-mindedly hold Vincent's wrist while actually taking his pulse. Still high, but steady. Good. \"I've missed you too,\" responded Vincent, seemingly not noticing the taking of his pulse. \"Do you love me, still?\" questioned Eugene. \"As I love you?\" \"Yes,\" breathed Vincent, \"I love you as much and more. Every day I woke up wondering if you still lived, and every time my heart beat I wondered if yours still did. I had never wanted to be on the earth more than when I had to leave it, leave you. I no longer longed for the universe; I just wanted to be home, here, with you.\" \"I feel the same. I stayed for you, didn't I? I climbed out of the incinerator. I love you, and I will continue to love you, unless you do something stupid and die on me. Then I'll hate you. Got it?\" \"Got it. As long as you promise not to die on me either.\" said Vincent, grinning. \"Deal,\" said Eugene, and they sealed it with a kiss.","Summary":" A/N: We watched GATTACA in English class, and I could not stand the ending. So I changed it. A Vinc","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Romance Hurt Comfort  - Words: 1,534 - Reviews: 7 - Favs: 39 - Follows: 8 - Published: 3 25 2013 - Status: Complete - id: 9135893 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Hallelujah","Author":"Thegoblinqueen1998","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8959494","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hallelujah By: Thegoblinqueen1998 Authors note: I'm still working on The Fire guys, don't fret. This is a short drabble I came up with in the middle of Health and scratched it down on a piece of paper. It IS A SLASH, so if you don't like it then please don't read it. I don't want hate. First Gattaca fanfic. Jerome always loved the song Hallelujah, preferably the Jeff Buckley version. I never understood his weird fetish with the stupid song. \"What do you see in it, anyways? It's old, Jeff Buckley is long gone.\" I would ask him. \"It's much better than the crap all the fucktards listen to nowadays, now isn't it, Vincent?\" he'd always retort back with confidence. I never understood his love of that song until now… He'd listen to it while he drank, mostly. He'd always be having deep thoughts, and you could tell this by the way his eyes looked off into the distance, as if he were somewhere else. Anywhere but here. And he was running, always. I could also tell by the small grin that plastered upon his face when I'd ask him what he'd been doing. Night after night, I remember, he'd drunkenly sing along with it, his own voice overpowering the blaring song. His voice contributed to the walls vibrating some nights. One night, a few nights before I left for Titan, he wasn't even singing along. I could just hear the music, and I could understand and tolerate it when he sung along; he couldn't help it. He's a drunkard; what more could you expect from a man of the likes of him? Sometimes he'd blare the music just to piss me off. So, acting rash, my patience wore thin that night. I barged into his room, about to throw the radio out of the window when I saw the open windowsill already being occupied by Jerome. He was crying, drinking, and had every intention of falling. \" What are you DOING, MORON!?\" I remember running to his side to pick him up from the lonely windowsill and threw him back onto his bed, hoping I didn't break anything. \" WHY?! You can't leave me NOW! YOU CAN'T!\" I screamed and hollered. Sobs erupted from Jerome. One of the things I hated more than anything in the world, was the sound of Jerome crying; the sound of Jerome's pain, repressed by cigarettes and alcohol. I swiveled over to him and held him tightly in my embrace. He wailed loudly over the music for the first time. Incoherent words of \"DON'T LEAVE ME!\" or, \"I NEED YOU! I LOVE YOU!\" or, my personal favorite, \"I hate you for leaving me!\" I could tell he was drunk, or maybe half drunk. He beat on my chest to make an attempt to make me let him go, but I held my ground. This was a once in a lifetime experience, I couldn't just let him go. Hours and the song on repeat, the sobbing reduced to mere whimpers and tears, and that reduced to hiccups and shallow breaths in a failed attempt to calm himself down. I rubbed his back gently, whispering encouraging words to help get him through this. Every now and then he'd start to hum along with the song, and he whined every time I shifted to get more comfortable, as if he actually thought I'd leave him there. \"I…\" he began. The sound of his shallow voice made my heart jump. \"I'm not entirely drunk… Vincent. Just half, at most. All of the things I said… I meant. I just never had the heart or the balls to tell you before… and…\" he sighed and let it go, nuzzling himself deeper into the crook of my neck. He knew I understood. \"I know, Jerome. I know; you don't get angry drunk to the point you say stuff you don't mean. I'm not leaving for forever, you know… I'll be back.\" Honestly, I couldn't believe I didn't see the sings of suicide… depression… I just didn't think it was in his genes. I guess I was wrong. My crippled best friend just tried to kill himself and I had to save his stupid ass. Why hadn't I noticed it before? Jerome sniffed and nodded into my shoulder, shivering gently to take a long breath. Tears were again starting to stain my shirt as they had done for hours before. I kissed the side of his head in hopes to make him feel comfort… to make him feel at home. Because if anyone's kiss were to make him feel better, it'd be mine. Of course, I always knew he was a homosexual. I knew he wanted me in ways I couldn't describe, and honestly, some nights I'd sit up in bed and wonder if I wanted him, too. Holding him like this made me know my answer. Of course, I didn't realize it first, but Jerome turned into everything I had. Not just because he lent me his body… and his genes and his piss and blood… but because he was my only companion. Literally , my partner in crime. After all, there's no gene to tell you who you're gonna love, now is there? He pulled away and looked straight to the depths of my eyes. \"You'll think of me when you're up there, wont you?\" he managed to whimper out. He sounded like a child almost, but understanding the situation at hand, I guess I'd be afraid, too. \"Well, of course!\" I rasped out in surprise. \"You helped me get there… you're literally my best friend and all I have!\" He scoffed. \"And Irene?\" \"Won't care in a year, will she? YOU will.\" I kissed his forehead this time. \"I can't, and never will be able to, forget you… Jerome Eugene Morrow.\" He held his face close to mine, panting with something between the lines of excitement and exhilaration. \"Say you love me…\" he groaned, begging and pleading. \"Say. You. Love. Me. \" His voice heavy with anticipation and adoration. \"I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you. \" I whispered until his bottom lip quivered and his eyes welled with tears once more. \"I love you too…\" he then kissed me and that was all it took for me to succumb to him for the whole night. I spent the remaining dark hours in his arms and under his allusive spell. I could almost swear, we kissed the whole night. We talked about what we were to do when I left, we talked about why he was on the windowsill ready to die. For some time, we didn't even talk at all. Then, curiously, he asked, \"What's the first thing you're gonna do when you get home?\" he was sitting up and I resting my head on his chest, tracing my finger along the fine lines of the story his skin told. I thought for a moment, then retorted simply, \"I'm going to get drunk with you.\" He just nodded and finally, we both fell asleep. Later that day, I called in sick. That was the first and last time I'd ever kissed Jerome Morrow. Days later, I left for Titan, and as we soared into the sky, I imagined Jerome's face watching me from his window, watching me soar up, up, and away. I thought it was as simple as that; I'd come back and we'd live again. A whole year later, I came home. I barged furiously through the door only to find an empty wheelchair and his ashes in the incinerator. And I knew what he meant by the \"trip\" he was to take. I finally got it. Epiphany. If only it had been sooner. In that moment, I couldn't believe he didn't wait for me to come home… so I listened to Hallelujah one last time… and finally I understood. I was his hallelujah, and I had left. And honestly, what was he to do without me? Without his hope? Or salvation? I poured myself a glass of the finest vodka in the world that I'd brought home for him and proposed my last toast to the world. Tears streaking down my face, I climbed into the incinerator, drank my vodka, STILL crying, and imagined his smiling face one last time. After generations it seemed, I pressed the button and closed my eyes. It felt like years to feel that heat searing my body, when I suddenly reappeared into space. I saw then, in my own personal heaven, Jerome Morrow standing. Maybe this was his heaven, too. He spotted me, and ran, and we embraced for the longest time. I knew then that we had both found our closure, both found our peace. The day I left, he decided to go with me. Second epiphany that day… he decided to follow his hallelujah. He was there the whole time. And now, he had his hallelujah once more. ~fin.","LastChapter":"Hallelujah By: Thegoblinqueen1998 Authors note: I'm still working on The Fire guys, don't fret. This is a short drabble I came up with in the middle of Health and scratched it down on a piece of paper. It IS A SLASH, so if you don't like it then please don't read it. I don't want hate. First Gattaca fanfic. Jerome always loved the song Hallelujah, preferably the Jeff Buckley version. I never understood his weird fetish with the stupid song. \"What do you see in it, anyways? It's old, Jeff Buckley is long gone.\" I would ask him. \"It's much better than the crap all the fucktards listen to nowadays, now isn't it, Vincent?\" he'd always retort back with confidence. I never understood his love of that song until now… He'd listen to it while he drank, mostly. He'd always be having deep thoughts, and you could tell this by the way his eyes looked off into the distance, as if he were somewhere else. Anywhere but here. And he was running, always. I could also tell by the small grin that plastered upon his face when I'd ask him what he'd been doing. Night after night, I remember, he'd drunkenly sing along with it, his own voice overpowering the blaring song. His voice contributed to the walls vibrating some nights. One night, a few nights before I left for Titan, he wasn't even singing along. I could just hear the music, and I could understand and tolerate it when he sung along; he couldn't help it. He's a drunkard; what more could you expect from a man of the likes of him? Sometimes he'd blare the music just to piss me off. So, acting rash, my patience wore thin that night. I barged into his room, about to throw the radio out of the window when I saw the open windowsill already being occupied by Jerome. He was crying, drinking, and had every intention of falling. \" What are you DOING, MORON!?\" I remember running to his side to pick him up from the lonely windowsill and threw him back onto his bed, hoping I didn't break anything. \" WHY?! You can't leave me NOW! YOU CAN'T!\" I screamed and hollered. Sobs erupted from Jerome. One of the things I hated more than anything in the world, was the sound of Jerome crying; the sound of Jerome's pain, repressed by cigarettes and alcohol. I swiveled over to him and held him tightly in my embrace. He wailed loudly over the music for the first time. Incoherent words of \"DON'T LEAVE ME!\" or, \"I NEED YOU! I LOVE YOU!\" or, my personal favorite, \"I hate you for leaving me!\" I could tell he was drunk, or maybe half drunk. He beat on my chest to make an attempt to make me let him go, but I held my ground. This was a once in a lifetime experience, I couldn't just let him go. Hours and the song on repeat, the sobbing reduced to mere whimpers and tears, and that reduced to hiccups and shallow breaths in a failed attempt to calm himself down. I rubbed his back gently, whispering encouraging words to help get him through this. Every now and then he'd start to hum along with the song, and he whined every time I shifted to get more comfortable, as if he actually thought I'd leave him there. \"I…\" he began. The sound of his shallow voice made my heart jump. \"I'm not entirely drunk… Vincent. Just half, at most. All of the things I said… I meant. I just never had the heart or the balls to tell you before… and…\" he sighed and let it go, nuzzling himself deeper into the crook of my neck. He knew I understood. \"I know, Jerome. I know; you don't get angry drunk to the point you say stuff you don't mean. I'm not leaving for forever, you know… I'll be back.\" Honestly, I couldn't believe I didn't see the sings of suicide… depression… I just didn't think it was in his genes. I guess I was wrong. My crippled best friend just tried to kill himself and I had to save his stupid ass. Why hadn't I noticed it before? Jerome sniffed and nodded into my shoulder, shivering gently to take a long breath. Tears were again starting to stain my shirt as they had done for hours before. I kissed the side of his head in hopes to make him feel comfort… to make him feel at home. Because if anyone's kiss were to make him feel better, it'd be mine. Of course, I always knew he was a homosexual. I knew he wanted me in ways I couldn't describe, and honestly, some nights I'd sit up in bed and wonder if I wanted him, too. Holding him like this made me know my answer. Of course, I didn't realize it first, but Jerome turned into everything I had. Not just because he lent me his body… and his genes and his piss and blood… but because he was my only companion. Literally , my partner in crime. After all, there's no gene to tell you who you're gonna love, now is there? He pulled away and looked straight to the depths of my eyes. \"You'll think of me when you're up there, wont you?\" he managed to whimper out. He sounded like a child almost, but understanding the situation at hand, I guess I'd be afraid, too. \"Well, of course!\" I rasped out in surprise. \"You helped me get there… you're literally my best friend and all I have!\" He scoffed. \"And Irene?\" \"Won't care in a year, will she? YOU will.\" I kissed his forehead this time. \"I can't, and never will be able to, forget you… Jerome Eugene Morrow.\" He held his face close to mine, panting with something between the lines of excitement and exhilaration. \"Say you love me…\" he groaned, begging and pleading. \"Say. You. Love. Me. \" His voice heavy with anticipation and adoration. \"I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you. \" I whispered until his bottom lip quivered and his eyes welled with tears once more. \"I love you too…\" he then kissed me and that was all it took for me to succumb to him for the whole night. I spent the remaining dark hours in his arms and under his allusive spell. I could almost swear, we kissed the whole night. We talked about what we were to do when I left, we talked about why he was on the windowsill ready to die. For some time, we didn't even talk at all. Then, curiously, he asked, \"What's the first thing you're gonna do when you get home?\" he was sitting up and I resting my head on his chest, tracing my finger along the fine lines of the story his skin told. I thought for a moment, then retorted simply, \"I'm going to get drunk with you.\" He just nodded and finally, we both fell asleep. Later that day, I called in sick. That was the first and last time I'd ever kissed Jerome Morrow. Days later, I left for Titan, and as we soared into the sky, I imagined Jerome's face watching me from his window, watching me soar up, up, and away. I thought it was as simple as that; I'd come back and we'd live again. A whole year later, I came home. I barged furiously through the door only to find an empty wheelchair and his ashes in the incinerator. And I knew what he meant by the \"trip\" he was to take. I finally got it. Epiphany. If only it had been sooner. In that moment, I couldn't believe he didn't wait for me to come home… so I listened to Hallelujah one last time… and finally I understood. I was his hallelujah, and I had left. And honestly, what was he to do without me? Without his hope? Or salvation? I poured myself a glass of the finest vodka in the world that I'd brought home for him and proposed my last toast to the world. Tears streaking down my face, I climbed into the incinerator, drank my vodka, STILL crying, and imagined his smiling face one last time. After generations it seemed, I pressed the button and closed my eyes. It felt like years to feel that heat searing my body, when I suddenly reappeared into space. I saw then, in my own personal heaven, Jerome Morrow standing. Maybe this was his heaven, too. He spotted me, and ran, and we embraced for the longest time. I knew then that we had both found our closure, both found our peace. The day I left, he decided to go with me. Second epiphany that day… he decided to follow his hallelujah. He was there the whole time. And now, he had his hallelujah once more. ~fin.","Summary":" Hallelujah By: Thegoblinqueen1998 Authors note: I'm still working on The Fire guys, don't fret. Thi","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Hurt Comfort Romance  - Words: 1,505 - Reviews: 5 - Favs: 23 - Follows: 5 - Published: 1 29 2013 - Status: Complete - id: 8959494 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Power Play","Author":"Wolfstorm7","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7799713","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Can I try some of yours?\" \"It's the same flavor.\" \"But yours looks nicer.\" Vincent batted away Eugene's spoon. \"Don't be a prick.\" Eugene said nothing and tried again. \"Don't touch it! It's mine.\" \"It's mine, too.\" \"How so?\" \"The ice cream belongs to Jerome. My name is Jerome.\" \"Your name is Eugene, Eugene. Don't play games.\" \"Jerome Eugene Morrow.\" \"Do you change it daily?\" \"When it suits me.\" \"And today it suits you, because you want to steal my ice cream.\" \" My ice cream.\" \"Eugene, you are NOT me.\" \"Aren't we attempting to scam the world into thinking the opposite?\" \"We're not scamming the world into thinking you are me . We're sharing Jerome and letting the world think what it wants.\" \"And yet, one day you'll stand on the surface of Titan wearing my name.\" \"I pay you for it.\" \"You're renting it out.\" Vincent frowned. \"That I 'rent' your name doesn't mean my ice cream belongs to you.\" \"Don't you find this a tad bit unfair?\" \"No.\" Eugene banged his spoon on the table. \"Just give me the bloody ice cream!\" \"Eat your own!\" \"If we share Jerome, we should share ice cream.\" \"Are you serious?\" Eugene caught Vincent's eyes. \"Yes.\" \"Are you doing this just to bother me?\" \"Maybe.\" \"Will you go away if I give you ice cream?\" \"No.\" \"What for it, then?\" Eugene shrugged and smiled. \"Can't I sit peaceably at my own dinner table?\" \" Our dinner table.\" \"Jerome's table,\" Eugene suggested slyly. \"Wait,\" Vincent said, placing the flats of his palms on the table and leaning forwards. \"Does 'Jerome' wash the dishes?\" Eugene shrugged. \"No?\" \"Who washes them?\" \"You do.\" \"Does Jerome spend all day at the academy?\" \"You, again.\" \"Does Jerome pay the bills?\" In response, Eugene tipped his chair on its back wheels, rocking a bit. His eyes grew lidded, and he said flatly, \"Does Jerome own this house? Does he bottle his blood and hair and piss every day? Does he sit in a fucking wheelchair because he has no-fucking-LEGS? Where's Jerome right now? What's he doing? Do you even know him at all?\" Flushing, Vincent ducked his head. \"I'm sorry.\" \"Good.\" There was silence. \"Now give me your ice cream.\" \"It's entirely melted,\" muttered Vincent. \"So is mine.\" \"We could…\" Vincent motioned towards the bowls. \"…Switch, if you wanted.\" \"But they're the same flavor.\" \"I'll just give you mine, then.\" \"That's a brilliant idea.\" Vincent leaned over the table and passed him the bowl. \"Happy now, Jerome?\" Eugene took a long drink from the side of the bowl. He wiped his mouth. Then, all the while keeping eye contact with the other man, he picked up his newly acquired bowl, held it above the space next to him, and dumped its contents onto the carpet. \"Very happy, Vincent.\"","LastChapter":"\"Can I try some of yours?\" \"It's the same flavor.\" \"But yours looks nicer.\" Vincent batted away Eugene's spoon. \"Don't be a prick.\" Eugene said nothing and tried again. \"Don't touch it! It's mine.\" \"It's mine, too.\" \"How so?\" \"The ice cream belongs to Jerome. My name is Jerome.\" \"Your name is Eugene, Eugene. Don't play games.\" \"Jerome Eugene Morrow.\" \"Do you change it daily?\" \"When it suits me.\" \"And today it suits you, because you want to steal my ice cream.\" \" My ice cream.\" \"Eugene, you are NOT me.\" \"Aren't we attempting to scam the world into thinking the opposite?\" \"We're not scamming the world into thinking you are me . We're sharing Jerome and letting the world think what it wants.\" \"And yet, one day you'll stand on the surface of Titan wearing my name.\" \"I pay you for it.\" \"You're renting it out.\" Vincent frowned. \"That I 'rent' your name doesn't mean my ice cream belongs to you.\" \"Don't you find this a tad bit unfair?\" \"No.\" Eugene banged his spoon on the table. \"Just give me the bloody ice cream!\" \"Eat your own!\" \"If we share Jerome, we should share ice cream.\" \"Are you serious?\" Eugene caught Vincent's eyes. \"Yes.\" \"Are you doing this just to bother me?\" \"Maybe.\" \"Will you go away if I give you ice cream?\" \"No.\" \"What for it, then?\" Eugene shrugged and smiled. \"Can't I sit peaceably at my own dinner table?\" \" Our dinner table.\" \"Jerome's table,\" Eugene suggested slyly. \"Wait,\" Vincent said, placing the flats of his palms on the table and leaning forwards. \"Does 'Jerome' wash the dishes?\" Eugene shrugged. \"No?\" \"Who washes them?\" \"You do.\" \"Does Jerome spend all day at the academy?\" \"You, again.\" \"Does Jerome pay the bills?\" In response, Eugene tipped his chair on its back wheels, rocking a bit. His eyes grew lidded, and he said flatly, \"Does Jerome own this house? Does he bottle his blood and hair and piss every day? Does he sit in a fucking wheelchair because he has no-fucking-LEGS? Where's Jerome right now? What's he doing? Do you even know him at all?\" Flushing, Vincent ducked his head. \"I'm sorry.\" \"Good.\" There was silence. \"Now give me your ice cream.\" \"It's entirely melted,\" muttered Vincent. \"So is mine.\" \"We could…\" Vincent motioned towards the bowls. \"…Switch, if you wanted.\" \"But they're the same flavor.\" \"I'll just give you mine, then.\" \"That's a brilliant idea.\" Vincent leaned over the table and passed him the bowl. \"Happy now, Jerome?\" Eugene took a long drink from the side of the bowl. He wiped his mouth. Then, all the while keeping eye contact with the other man, he picked up his newly acquired bowl, held it above the space next to him, and dumped its contents onto the carpet. \"Very happy, Vincent.\"","Summary":" \"Can I try some of yours?\" \"It's the same flavor.\" \"But yours looks nicer.\" Vincent batted aw","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Humor Friendship  - Words: 494 - Reviews: 9 - Favs: 17 - Follows: 2 - Published: 2 2 2012 - Status: Complete - id: 7799713 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"take care of yourself","Author":"lookattheflowers","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10204108","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note: I was forced to watch Gattaca in biology and ended up falling in love with it, only I was left devastated with the way it ended. So like most of the shows/movies I watch, I decided to completely ignore canon and write what I think should have happened. '…And when you finally get your chance to leave, you find a reason to stay' It was better this way. Leaving the past in the past. After all, one man's failure is another man's success. You'd done your part, fulfilled your purpose so that somebody else could fulfill theirs. You weren't needed now. Vincent made a greater Jerome than you could ever be and in a way, you're grateful to him. He became everything you should have been and more. Guess that leaves you second place on the podium again, Eugene. Couldn't even succeed at being yourself. Isn't that a disappointing thought? I'm proud of you Vincent. And really, you were. Maybe even a bit jealous. Of all people, a degenerate worked his way from the ground and up. All the way to the stars. He was living his dream while you were left prisoner in your own home. I'm traveling too. The words sounded so simple. Only you knew the actual meaning behind them. You were sure Vincent was none the wiser when he walked out. If he knew you were going to kill yourself he never would have left. That was the difference between the two of you. \"Always so damn noble.\" A smile tugs at your lips. You wheel yourself to the incinerator where Vincent would burn every trace of himself to become you. The genetically superior Jerome Eugene Marrow. Someone that people would respect and look up to; not look down on with unwanted sympathy, seeing only a waste of potential. Because that's all you were now and you hated yourself for it. You were never supposed to get this way. You were born a winner, a champion. Now look how far you've strayed from that. Your hands lingers on the door latch, the metal chilling your skin like cruel irony of what's to come. But you're ready to die. You have been for a long time. When you finally open it you're more than eager to climb in. And you would have if it weren't for a piece of paper taped to the inside. Odd . You think, reaching for it. The writing is all too familiar. Identical to yours, but not quite. Eugene, Drinks are on me when I get back. I look forward to telling you all about my trip. Take care of yourself, Vincent \"You bastard.\" He knew. All along he knew you were struggling. You don't remember that night the both of you went for a drink, when you told him about the accident, he never stopped thinking about it. If at first you don't succeed...Try, try again. But the only person you've been competing with was yourself. How could you hate someone so much, but admire them all the same. How dare Vincent take your identity but at the same time you can't thank him enough for saving you from yourself. This was his subtle way of asking you to stay. Because your realize for the first time that for some reason he needs you just as much as you need him. The man would be completely lost without me, wouldn't he? It's an exaggeration, but a damn well earned one. You re-read the letter over and over again in your head, carefully folding it and tucking it away in your suit pocket. The paper crumbles against something and all at once you remember, nearly forgot it was there. Unsteady hands dig through the material until you feel the heavy weight of metal, pulling out the old silver medallion. The burden you've carried with you all this time, feeling the tonnage that once symbolized your downfall, now a mere piece of scrap metal. It's funny, really. Somehow it feels lighter. You clutch it in your hand until your knuckles turn white, take one last look at it, then toss it into the furnace and press the button. The flames engulf it but you don't take the time to watch it burn. The only thing left on your mind is what you're going to do for the next year.","LastChapter":"Author's note: I was forced to watch Gattaca in biology and ended up falling in love with it, only I was left devastated with the way it ended. So like most of the shows/movies I watch, I decided to completely ignore canon and write what I think should have happened. '…And when you finally get your chance to leave, you find a reason to stay' It was better this way. Leaving the past in the past. After all, one man's failure is another man's success. You'd done your part, fulfilled your purpose so that somebody else could fulfill theirs. You weren't needed now. Vincent made a greater Jerome than you could ever be and in a way, you're grateful to him. He became everything you should have been and more. Guess that leaves you second place on the podium again, Eugene. Couldn't even succeed at being yourself. Isn't that a disappointing thought? I'm proud of you Vincent. And really, you were. Maybe even a bit jealous. Of all people, a degenerate worked his way from the ground and up. All the way to the stars. He was living his dream while you were left prisoner in your own home. I'm traveling too. The words sounded so simple. Only you knew the actual meaning behind them. You were sure Vincent was none the wiser when he walked out. If he knew you were going to kill yourself he never would have left. That was the difference between the two of you. \"Always so damn noble.\" A smile tugs at your lips. You wheel yourself to the incinerator where Vincent would burn every trace of himself to become you. The genetically superior Jerome Eugene Marrow. Someone that people would respect and look up to; not look down on with unwanted sympathy, seeing only a waste of potential. Because that's all you were now and you hated yourself for it. You were never supposed to get this way. You were born a winner, a champion. Now look how far you've strayed from that. Your hands lingers on the door latch, the metal chilling your skin like cruel irony of what's to come. But you're ready to die. You have been for a long time. When you finally open it you're more than eager to climb in. And you would have if it weren't for a piece of paper taped to the inside. Odd . You think, reaching for it. The writing is all too familiar. Identical to yours, but not quite. Eugene, Drinks are on me when I get back. I look forward to telling you all about my trip. Take care of yourself, Vincent \"You bastard.\" He knew. All along he knew you were struggling. You don't remember that night the both of you went for a drink, when you told him about the accident, he never stopped thinking about it. If at first you don't succeed...Try, try again. But the only person you've been competing with was yourself. How could you hate someone so much, but admire them all the same. How dare Vincent take your identity but at the same time you can't thank him enough for saving you from yourself. This was his subtle way of asking you to stay. Because your realize for the first time that for some reason he needs you just as much as you need him. The man would be completely lost without me, wouldn't he? It's an exaggeration, but a damn well earned one. You re-read the letter over and over again in your head, carefully folding it and tucking it away in your suit pocket. The paper crumbles against something and all at once you remember, nearly forgot it was there. Unsteady hands dig through the material until you feel the heavy weight of metal, pulling out the old silver medallion. The burden you've carried with you all this time, feeling the tonnage that once symbolized your downfall, now a mere piece of scrap metal. It's funny, really. Somehow it feels lighter. You clutch it in your hand until your knuckles turn white, take one last look at it, then toss it into the furnace and press the button. The flames engulf it but you don't take the time to watch it burn. The only thing left on your mind is what you're going to do for the next year.","Summary":" Author's note: I was forced to watch Gattaca in biology and ended up falling in love with it, only ","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K - English - Angst  - Words: 756 - Reviews: 6 - Favs: 12 - Follows: 1 - Published: 3 20 2014 - Status: Complete - id: 10204108 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Living Together Has No Secrets","Author":"Nephiliam","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8303120","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A tribute to my favorite movie of all time. To Vincent and Jerome. Rated T-M because of boyxboy, nothing graphic. Review, please? *there is a tad bit of spanish in here, translations are at the very bottom if you're curious* \"I got the better end of the deal. I only lent you my body. You lent me your dream. \" That wasn't entirely true. Living together has no secrets Vincent carried Jerome down the steps and set him back in his chair. Jerome smiled. \"I think she likes us.\" Vincent rolled his eyes and sat with his arms crossed and his eyes closed. He knew she was a mistake. She could tell anyone about this and his mission would be ruined. Jerome wheeled forward a bit, nudging Vincent in the leg. Vincent opened his eyes and looked up at the other man. \"What's wrong, then? Aren't you pleased with yourself?\" \"I shouldn't get involved in other people,\" Vincent mumbled his reply. \"It should be just you and me. Like this. Forever.\" Jerome sighed and slumped backwards. \"It won't. You're going up into space, remember? And I'm...anyways. This is what we've been planning for! Why don't you grow a spine, already?\" He turned, ready to leave Vincent slumped and pouty to attend to his other business. \"I don't want to leave you behind.\" Jerome paused. \"You knew this was how it was going to be.\" \"Yeah but I didn't expect these...God, I don't know.\" Jerome turned the chair around. \"These ...what ?\" Vincent's face had gone red and he turned from his roommate. \"Just...I didn't expect we'd become to close.\" \"Yes you did. It was obvious.\" \"For you maybe! I...I didn't expect any of this.\" \"This what , Vincent? Spit it out, would you!\" \"I didn't expect to have these feelings for you!\" he exclaimed angrily. Jerome raised an eyebrow. \"Feelings? As in, hermano de hermano * ?\" \"Like, amante a amante * !\" Jerome's eyes widened. \"Lover to lover? I didn't expect that to come from your mouth, of all people.\" He wheeled his chair closer to Vincent, who's face had turned a dark shade of red. Jerome leaned forward, ready to say something sarcastic when Vincent turned, got on his knees, and pushed his lips against the other man's. They both sat like that for a second, Vincent waiting for Jerome to absorb the kiss. When Jerome finally responded. He opened his lips slightly to Vincent's and poked his tongue out, asking permission. Vincent complied. As they kissed Vincent stood, now leaning over Jerome, his hands in the other man's hair. When the phone rang. Both men pulled hastily apart, Jerome swearing and turning towards the phone. He rolled quickly over to it and picked it up. \"Hello?\" he demanded irritably. Vincent, face still red, walked quickly into the bathroom. Jerome watched him go. \"Hello?\" he demanded once more, quite angrily. Vincent stood in front of the mirror, staring at his red face, thinking about what had just taken place. He bit his lips as he turned on the cool water and splashed it into his burning face. Focus. Stay in control. As Vincent turned on the water Jerome slammed the phone down and turned to look at the closed bathroom door. He sighed and put a hand to his head, trying to think about what he had just done. And what about Irene? The only reason Vincent did that was because Irene had just run from them. It meant nothing. Sighing he went to the lower drawers looking for a smoke. Vincent, turning off the water, tried standing up straighter. It probably meant nothing to him , he thought. Jerome doesn't like men. That's why he's always ordering hookers and prostitutes. Which I pay for... Taking a lovely gulp of air he turned the left the bathroom, in search of Jerome to give an apology. He went into the other room to find Jerome lying on the bed, where he had pulled himself up to after finding the vodka instead of the smokes. He took a swig. Vincent, taking steady breaths, announced, \"I'm sorry.\" \"For what, darling boy?\" Vincent blinked. Was he drunk? How long had Vincent actually been in the bathroom? For god's sake Jerome couldn't even reach the vodka seeing as Vincent had put it above his reach. Vincent came closer and sniffed his breath. Jerome hiccuped. Yes, definitely drunk. Jerome, winking, said, \"I keep my own stash around here for when you annoyingly try to hide my vodka.\" Vincent leaned over the man and reached for the bottle. Jerome, however, put the bottle on the other side of the bed and gripped his white shirt. \"Don't take my vodka,\" he commanded before pulling Vincent on top of him. Vincent, taken by surprise, fell atop of him and Jerome started placing small little kisses around his face. \"What're you doing?\" Vincent demanded. \"Do you know how lonely I am?\" Vincent pulled away to look down at the man who had given him his DNA so that he himself could have a nice life. Vincent put a hand to the side of the other man's head and used his thumb to stroke his cheek. \"You'll never be alone,\" Vincent whispered. \"Because, even if I'm millions of miles away, I'll still be here. Thinking about you. No matter what.\" He leaned forward and set a tender kiss upon his lips. Jerome smiled from underneath him. \"And what if I'm gone?\" \"I hope you'll be thinking about me too.\" Thank you all for reading and I'll hope you'll review. This is a one-shot. *hermano a hermano - brother to brother *amante a amante - lover to lover","LastChapter":"A tribute to my favorite movie of all time. To Vincent and Jerome. Rated T-M because of boyxboy, nothing graphic. Review, please? *there is a tad bit of spanish in here, translations are at the very bottom if you're curious* \"I got the better end of the deal. I only lent you my body. You lent me your dream. \" That wasn't entirely true. Living together has no secrets Vincent carried Jerome down the steps and set him back in his chair. Jerome smiled. \"I think she likes us.\" Vincent rolled his eyes and sat with his arms crossed and his eyes closed. He knew she was a mistake. She could tell anyone about this and his mission would be ruined. Jerome wheeled forward a bit, nudging Vincent in the leg. Vincent opened his eyes and looked up at the other man. \"What's wrong, then? Aren't you pleased with yourself?\" \"I shouldn't get involved in other people,\" Vincent mumbled his reply. \"It should be just you and me. Like this. Forever.\" Jerome sighed and slumped backwards. \"It won't. You're going up into space, remember? And I'm...anyways. This is what we've been planning for! Why don't you grow a spine, already?\" He turned, ready to leave Vincent slumped and pouty to attend to his other business. \"I don't want to leave you behind.\" Jerome paused. \"You knew this was how it was going to be.\" \"Yeah but I didn't expect these...God, I don't know.\" Jerome turned the chair around. \"These ...what ?\" Vincent's face had gone red and he turned from his roommate. \"Just...I didn't expect we'd become to close.\" \"Yes you did. It was obvious.\" \"For you maybe! I...I didn't expect any of this.\" \"This what , Vincent? Spit it out, would you!\" \"I didn't expect to have these feelings for you!\" he exclaimed angrily. Jerome raised an eyebrow. \"Feelings? As in, hermano de hermano * ?\" \"Like, amante a amante * !\" Jerome's eyes widened. \"Lover to lover? I didn't expect that to come from your mouth, of all people.\" He wheeled his chair closer to Vincent, who's face had turned a dark shade of red. Jerome leaned forward, ready to say something sarcastic when Vincent turned, got on his knees, and pushed his lips against the other man's. They both sat like that for a second, Vincent waiting for Jerome to absorb the kiss. When Jerome finally responded. He opened his lips slightly to Vincent's and poked his tongue out, asking permission. Vincent complied. As they kissed Vincent stood, now leaning over Jerome, his hands in the other man's hair. When the phone rang. Both men pulled hastily apart, Jerome swearing and turning towards the phone. He rolled quickly over to it and picked it up. \"Hello?\" he demanded irritably. Vincent, face still red, walked quickly into the bathroom. Jerome watched him go. \"Hello?\" he demanded once more, quite angrily. Vincent stood in front of the mirror, staring at his red face, thinking about what had just taken place. He bit his lips as he turned on the cool water and splashed it into his burning face. Focus. Stay in control. As Vincent turned on the water Jerome slammed the phone down and turned to look at the closed bathroom door. He sighed and put a hand to his head, trying to think about what he had just done. And what about Irene? The only reason Vincent did that was because Irene had just run from them. It meant nothing. Sighing he went to the lower drawers looking for a smoke. Vincent, turning off the water, tried standing up straighter. It probably meant nothing to him , he thought. Jerome doesn't like men. That's why he's always ordering hookers and prostitutes. Which I pay for... Taking a lovely gulp of air he turned the left the bathroom, in search of Jerome to give an apology. He went into the other room to find Jerome lying on the bed, where he had pulled himself up to after finding the vodka instead of the smokes. He took a swig. Vincent, taking steady breaths, announced, \"I'm sorry.\" \"For what, darling boy?\" Vincent blinked. Was he drunk? How long had Vincent actually been in the bathroom? For god's sake Jerome couldn't even reach the vodka seeing as Vincent had put it above his reach. Vincent came closer and sniffed his breath. Jerome hiccuped. Yes, definitely drunk. Jerome, winking, said, \"I keep my own stash around here for when you annoyingly try to hide my vodka.\" Vincent leaned over the man and reached for the bottle. Jerome, however, put the bottle on the other side of the bed and gripped his white shirt. \"Don't take my vodka,\" he commanded before pulling Vincent on top of him. Vincent, taken by surprise, fell atop of him and Jerome started placing small little kisses around his face. \"What're you doing?\" Vincent demanded. \"Do you know how lonely I am?\" Vincent pulled away to look down at the man who had given him his DNA so that he himself could have a nice life. Vincent put a hand to the side of the other man's head and used his thumb to stroke his cheek. \"You'll never be alone,\" Vincent whispered. \"Because, even if I'm millions of miles away, I'll still be here. Thinking about you. No matter what.\" He leaned forward and set a tender kiss upon his lips. Jerome smiled from underneath him. \"And what if I'm gone?\" \"I hope you'll be thinking about me too.\" Thank you all for reading and I'll hope you'll review. This is a one-shot. *hermano a hermano - brother to brother *amante a amante - lover to lover","Summary":" A tribute to my favorite movie of all time. To Vincent and Jerome. Rated T-M because of boyxboy, no","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Romance Hurt Comfort  - Words: 984 - Reviews: 4 - Favs: 31 - Follows: 7 - Published: 7 9 2012 - Status: Complete - id: 8303120 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Drowning, Bleeding, Burning, Soaring","Author":"Wolfstorm7","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8105185","Passage":"[Chapter 1] BAHHH it's shameful how much this movie affects me. Here's this. Enjoy! His wheels ground slowly over the gravel, and his breathing was heavy. The road led into the grove, and the river was rushing near. Useless? He wasn't useless ! He and Vincent had been drunk, and screaming, and he could hardly remember a word but one: Useless. Says the degenerate . He'd never understand! Eugene was crafted to a perfection the other man could never comprehend. Vincent never raced in the bloody Olympics. But he'd show him, he would. He wasn't useless . Damn it all, he could swim just as well as he once had. One the shore of the stony river, he pulled his wheelchair to a stop. He flopped by the water's side, where the tide swiftly dispersed through the stones and bubbled up in pools. It rushed and ran and Eugene wasn't useless. He undressed and dragged himself to the water. Plunge in, he told himself. And then he was under. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ Fire always entranced Eugene, with its sylphlike dancing tongues. The power inside its gaping mouth, behind the crackling yellow teeth of flame, made him wonder: would it be so bad to leave this world in a rage of heat and burning? Every morning, Vincent would scrub his body of his own DNA. Every morning, Vincent pressed the button and turned away, too ashamed to watch his life cells burn. He became Jerome. If Vincent burnt Vincent, Eugene would have to get rid of Eugene as well. After all, there could only be one Jerome Morrow. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ But how much of Eugene was part of Vincent? They both were Jerome, after all. Jerome Freeman, Jerome Morrow; it didn't matter. How much blood had he taken out of his veins to dedicate to Vincent? Even with the extra-thin needles and numbing chemicals, his arms were still sore and blotchy with scars. There was probably more of Eugene at Vincent's fingertips than in Eugene himself. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ He found Vincent on the balcony. As clouds moved across the ruby sunset, their white faces became shifting, flighty birds of flickering light. Eugene grasped the rubber of his wheels and rolled his weight over the doorframe. Vincent turned and grinned, his eyes glowing orange. Eugene tried to wheel himself closer but felt a surge of nausea. He had always been afraid of heights. But Vincent, no, Vincent was perfectly comfortable in the sky. Eugene watched as his friend grasped the balcony railing and leaned precariously over. Eugene's stomach dropped into itself. Then Eugene closed his eyes. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ The churning water was like of mass of gray fish pummeling Eugene's body. He thrashed and fought to keep his head above the enclosing water, but it sucked him under. A second later he burst forth again, to open his eyes to blackness. The sky, the water, the black – all twisted into a starless void as he spit and gasped. He had been in the bloody Olympics ! What the hell was wrong with him? Why couldn't he swim? Because his legs were useless. Useless ? If he was anything, he was not useless ! That was what he had come out here to prove – he would be able to rise to his former glory. Vincent would see. Vincent, degenerate . His arms, strengthened by months of rolling himself around, spun in the water, but his legs hung loosely. Limp. The water crushed down on him again, a thousand slimy hands trying to force their way into his mouth. Bobbing up, he caught a glint of metal in the darkness – his wheelchair sitting on the bank – before he was dunked under by another massive arm of gray. This time, he did not rise. Lungs burning and arms flailing, he felt resistance below and knew that his lifeless feet must have hit the river bottom. Murky shadows weaved across his exposed chest, and crushed the breath from him. His panic swept out with a final surge and was replaced with a dull, strange complacently. Above him, the gray water rolled on distant plane. He couldn't even see the stars, and realizing this made him think of Vincent. Jerome. Vincent? A shiver ran along the skin on his arms as he opened his mouth and admitted the river. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ In the morning, Eugene would open the incinerator and run his fingers along the shining chrome edges. Not a single cell of Vincent was left there. The flames had swallowed them all, and Vincent was free to become Jerome. Eugene would have to go. He knew that one day Vincent would leave in the morning and never come back. Without Vincent, Eugene could not stay here. How could he stay in this house while knowing that a man with his name walked on some crazy planet, out there, building a persona on a name that had – once – belonged to a winner? Because Jerome was a name no longer built to be shared. Eugene had wanted to be first , just once; but those dreams couldn't be relinquished with bloody useless legs. Why hadn't he had just died ? He clutched the second-place medal, the being of his affliction, and wished away the torment it brought him. Vincent would leave, as must he, as well. By burning away every single trace of Eugene. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ Once, he and Vincent had gone out onto the apartment bridge and rolled his wheelchair around, just for kicks. Vincent ran behind Eugene, pushing with all his strength. As Eugene's wheels spun faster than Vincent's feet could churn, Vincent fell, and skidded across the cement in tow of the wheelchair. He yelped. Eugene spun his chair to see Vincent on the cement, grimacing and clenching his fists. His knees were raw and running with blood. He tried to stand, but couldn't manage to bend his legs without hissing in pain. Eugene laughed and pulled Vincent onto the wheelchair with him. As they wheeled back to the condominium, tendrils of blood crept down Vincent's legs and wormed their way onto Eugene's loose pant legs. He didn't mind, really. At least it was proof that Vincent had a piece of him that was human. He owned blood of his own. It was proof that Vincent was not all Jerome, and that Eugene hadn't given away everything – not yet, he hadn't. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ Vincent turned his head to smile at Eugene, and his eyes sparked orange. There was pure adrenaline about teetering so far over the edge. Eugene was afraid of heights, but Eugene wasn't afraid of falling. He wasn't afraid of dying, no. But when Vincent leaned forwards over the void, his face poised with childish laughter, and he stretched with such yearning for the pale stars and the pastel crescent moon, Eugene felt more frightened than he had even been for himself in his entire life. He knew Vincent would leave him. He knew that Vincent would stretch too far one day, and soar up into the clouds and the pale stars until Eugene was only a bitter spot far below on the earth's surface. If only he could run , then he could join Vincent. He could stand and catch him, if he fell. Oh God, he cursed his uselessness. He cursed Jerome, whoever the man was or whoever the man had become. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ Arms like pythons clasped around his chest and dragged him upwards. He did not attempt to aid the twisting arms; the river bottom had made him strangely tired. Suddenly, his head broke the surface, and the cold night slammed down on his head. He reflexively gasped out, but only drew in more river water. Stone and sand scraped his sides as his savior pushed him into the shallows. The darkness of the water and land merged as one hulking monster. Eugene lay curled on the sand, half-submerged and near-dead. \"Are you fucking insane ?\" He tried to laugh, but ended up vomiting. \"A bit mental,\" he finally managed to gasp. Vincent's face was strung with fear. \"You're so drunk, you stupid stupid stupid - Oh, God-\" He was soaking wet, and water ran from his hair into his mouth. \"Oh, God ,\" he cried. \"You could have died ! What's wrong with you?\" \"I'm sorry,\" mumbled Eugene out of the darkness. He vomited into the water, then dragged his heavy arms into the air towards the blurry outline of his friend. \"I'm sorry.\" Vincent stumbled to him, pulled him close and held him. He hugged him like he was never going to let go, never again. A swell of longing rose in Eugene – he didn't want to be alone. He clutched the back of Vincent's shirt even tighter. In that moment, vaguely aware of Vincent's stuttering heartbeat as the other man's breathing calmed, he decided upon something: He could never allow himself to be alone. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ He clasped the cold handle of the incinerator in his hand. Around his neck hung the silver circle of almost-success, and once again he felt the sense of absolution he had felt in the river. Jerome needed to be liberated if he were to become Vincent, if a golden medal were to sit upon his chest. Awaiting the flames, he had downed vodka to dull the pain. But he could hear his heart beating steadily through his drunken fog, reminding him that he was Eugene Morrow. He had once been great. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ He had drained himself of blood. Jerome had taken it, hadn't he? Jerome, whoever he was. He had bottled it up in the freezer room in anticipation of his 'trip', enough for a lifetime. \"So that Jerome will always be with you,\" he said. He didn't say Eugene. Because Eugene was a useless man. Eugene was someone of the past, a cripple who couldn't reach the stars no matter how he tried. But Jerome would reach them for him. His blood and name would be circling the sun while he erased himself from this world. As the flames engulfed him, he felt himself soaring. Don't leave me, he begged. But it was too late. ~oO0Oo~ Vincent tipped forwards into the unknown. Eugene stood up, and stepped forwards, to follow. What did you think? Please Review! :)","LastChapter":"BAHHH it's shameful how much this movie affects me. Here's this. Enjoy! His wheels ground slowly over the gravel, and his breathing was heavy. The road led into the grove, and the river was rushing near. Useless? He wasn't useless ! He and Vincent had been drunk, and screaming, and he could hardly remember a word but one: Useless. Says the degenerate . He'd never understand! Eugene was crafted to a perfection the other man could never comprehend. Vincent never raced in the bloody Olympics. But he'd show him, he would. He wasn't useless . Damn it all, he could swim just as well as he once had. One the shore of the stony river, he pulled his wheelchair to a stop. He flopped by the water's side, where the tide swiftly dispersed through the stones and bubbled up in pools. It rushed and ran and Eugene wasn't useless. He undressed and dragged himself to the water. Plunge in, he told himself. And then he was under. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ Fire always entranced Eugene, with its sylphlike dancing tongues. The power inside its gaping mouth, behind the crackling yellow teeth of flame, made him wonder: would it be so bad to leave this world in a rage of heat and burning? Every morning, Vincent would scrub his body of his own DNA. Every morning, Vincent pressed the button and turned away, too ashamed to watch his life cells burn. He became Jerome. If Vincent burnt Vincent, Eugene would have to get rid of Eugene as well. After all, there could only be one Jerome Morrow. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ But how much of Eugene was part of Vincent? They both were Jerome, after all. Jerome Freeman, Jerome Morrow; it didn't matter. How much blood had he taken out of his veins to dedicate to Vincent? Even with the extra-thin needles and numbing chemicals, his arms were still sore and blotchy with scars. There was probably more of Eugene at Vincent's fingertips than in Eugene himself. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ He found Vincent on the balcony. As clouds moved across the ruby sunset, their white faces became shifting, flighty birds of flickering light. Eugene grasped the rubber of his wheels and rolled his weight over the doorframe. Vincent turned and grinned, his eyes glowing orange. Eugene tried to wheel himself closer but felt a surge of nausea. He had always been afraid of heights. But Vincent, no, Vincent was perfectly comfortable in the sky. Eugene watched as his friend grasped the balcony railing and leaned precariously over. Eugene's stomach dropped into itself. Then Eugene closed his eyes. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ The churning water was like of mass of gray fish pummeling Eugene's body. He thrashed and fought to keep his head above the enclosing water, but it sucked him under. A second later he burst forth again, to open his eyes to blackness. The sky, the water, the black – all twisted into a starless void as he spit and gasped. He had been in the bloody Olympics ! What the hell was wrong with him? Why couldn't he swim? Because his legs were useless. Useless ? If he was anything, he was not useless ! That was what he had come out here to prove – he would be able to rise to his former glory. Vincent would see. Vincent, degenerate . His arms, strengthened by months of rolling himself around, spun in the water, but his legs hung loosely. Limp. The water crushed down on him again, a thousand slimy hands trying to force their way into his mouth. Bobbing up, he caught a glint of metal in the darkness – his wheelchair sitting on the bank – before he was dunked under by another massive arm of gray. This time, he did not rise. Lungs burning and arms flailing, he felt resistance below and knew that his lifeless feet must have hit the river bottom. Murky shadows weaved across his exposed chest, and crushed the breath from him. His panic swept out with a final surge and was replaced with a dull, strange complacently. Above him, the gray water rolled on distant plane. He couldn't even see the stars, and realizing this made him think of Vincent. Jerome. Vincent? A shiver ran along the skin on his arms as he opened his mouth and admitted the river. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ In the morning, Eugene would open the incinerator and run his fingers along the shining chrome edges. Not a single cell of Vincent was left there. The flames had swallowed them all, and Vincent was free to become Jerome. Eugene would have to go. He knew that one day Vincent would leave in the morning and never come back. Without Vincent, Eugene could not stay here. How could he stay in this house while knowing that a man with his name walked on some crazy planet, out there, building a persona on a name that had – once – belonged to a winner? Because Jerome was a name no longer built to be shared. Eugene had wanted to be first , just once; but those dreams couldn't be relinquished with bloody useless legs. Why hadn't he had just died ? He clutched the second-place medal, the being of his affliction, and wished away the torment it brought him. Vincent would leave, as must he, as well. By burning away every single trace of Eugene. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ Once, he and Vincent had gone out onto the apartment bridge and rolled his wheelchair around, just for kicks. Vincent ran behind Eugene, pushing with all his strength. As Eugene's wheels spun faster than Vincent's feet could churn, Vincent fell, and skidded across the cement in tow of the wheelchair. He yelped. Eugene spun his chair to see Vincent on the cement, grimacing and clenching his fists. His knees were raw and running with blood. He tried to stand, but couldn't manage to bend his legs without hissing in pain. Eugene laughed and pulled Vincent onto the wheelchair with him. As they wheeled back to the condominium, tendrils of blood crept down Vincent's legs and wormed their way onto Eugene's loose pant legs. He didn't mind, really. At least it was proof that Vincent had a piece of him that was human. He owned blood of his own. It was proof that Vincent was not all Jerome, and that Eugene hadn't given away everything – not yet, he hadn't. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ Vincent turned his head to smile at Eugene, and his eyes sparked orange. There was pure adrenaline about teetering so far over the edge. Eugene was afraid of heights, but Eugene wasn't afraid of falling. He wasn't afraid of dying, no. But when Vincent leaned forwards over the void, his face poised with childish laughter, and he stretched with such yearning for the pale stars and the pastel crescent moon, Eugene felt more frightened than he had even been for himself in his entire life. He knew Vincent would leave him. He knew that Vincent would stretch too far one day, and soar up into the clouds and the pale stars until Eugene was only a bitter spot far below on the earth's surface. If only he could run , then he could join Vincent. He could stand and catch him, if he fell. Oh God, he cursed his uselessness. He cursed Jerome, whoever the man was or whoever the man had become. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ Arms like pythons clasped around his chest and dragged him upwards. He did not attempt to aid the twisting arms; the river bottom had made him strangely tired. Suddenly, his head broke the surface, and the cold night slammed down on his head. He reflexively gasped out, but only drew in more river water. Stone and sand scraped his sides as his savior pushed him into the shallows. The darkness of the water and land merged as one hulking monster. Eugene lay curled on the sand, half-submerged and near-dead. \"Are you fucking insane ?\" He tried to laugh, but ended up vomiting. \"A bit mental,\" he finally managed to gasp. Vincent's face was strung with fear. \"You're so drunk, you stupid stupid stupid - Oh, God-\" He was soaking wet, and water ran from his hair into his mouth. \"Oh, God ,\" he cried. \"You could have died ! What's wrong with you?\" \"I'm sorry,\" mumbled Eugene out of the darkness. He vomited into the water, then dragged his heavy arms into the air towards the blurry outline of his friend. \"I'm sorry.\" Vincent stumbled to him, pulled him close and held him. He hugged him like he was never going to let go, never again. A swell of longing rose in Eugene – he didn't want to be alone. He clutched the back of Vincent's shirt even tighter. In that moment, vaguely aware of Vincent's stuttering heartbeat as the other man's breathing calmed, he decided upon something: He could never allow himself to be alone. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ He clasped the cold handle of the incinerator in his hand. Around his neck hung the silver circle of almost-success, and once again he felt the sense of absolution he had felt in the river. Jerome needed to be liberated if he were to become Vincent, if a golden medal were to sit upon his chest. Awaiting the flames, he had downed vodka to dull the pain. But he could hear his heart beating steadily through his drunken fog, reminding him that he was Eugene Morrow. He had once been great. ~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~oO0Oo~ He had drained himself of blood. Jerome had taken it, hadn't he? Jerome, whoever he was. He had bottled it up in the freezer room in anticipation of his 'trip', enough for a lifetime. \"So that Jerome will always be with you,\" he said. He didn't say Eugene. Because Eugene was a useless man. Eugene was someone of the past, a cripple who couldn't reach the stars no matter how he tried. But Jerome would reach them for him. His blood and name would be circling the sun while he erased himself from this world. As the flames engulfed him, he felt himself soaring. Don't leave me, he begged. But it was too late. ~oO0Oo~ Vincent tipped forwards into the unknown. Eugene stood up, and stepped forwards, to follow. What did you think? Please Review! :)","Summary":" BAHHH it's shameful how much this movie affects me. Here's this. Enjoy! His wheels ground slowly ov","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Friendship Angst  - Words: 1,756 - Reviews: 9 - Favs: 15 - Follows: 1 - Published: 5 10 2012 - Status: Complete - id: 8105185 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"gemes","Author":"crashmypartyhard","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10365415","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"You know, I wasn't drunk,\" he says, softly, tilting his head to the other man, whose face is morphed into a close replica of his own. He establishes eye contact and doesn't break it. The other man, calling himself Jerome, though not really Jerome, shifts the other farther up the bed, pulling drunken, lethargic weight coupled with dead legs. \"What d'you mean you weren't drunk?\" he asks, curious. He's dressed in a sharp suit, wrinkled slightly from the night's events. He feels stiff, tired. Eugene, the real Jerome, though calling himself by his middle name, keeps eye contact through half-lidded, tired eyes. \"When I walked in front of that car.\" There's a matter-of-fact, oh-you-should-know-this tone to his voice. It worries Jerome, even though he knows that tone is present nearly all of the time, and his eyebrows point hesitantly downwards, unprepared for the reply. His hands smooth out Eugene's clothing, a suit similar to his own. \"What car?\" he asks. \"I stepped right out in front of it…\" Eugene trails off, eyes flickering to the ceiling, and then back to Jerome's as he says, slower and quieter, now, \"Never been more sober in my life.\" There's a pause, filled with tension and realization. The replica's breath is caught in his throat, and he forces a reply, breaking the silence. \"Go to sleep,\" He commands. \"Couldn't even get that right, could I?\" Eugene asks, more to himself. Bitterness laces his voice like salt on a martini glass. He sees the disinterest and annoyance start to creep into Jerome's movements and expression and reaches out with his right arm and pulls him closer by the collar. \"If at first you don't succeed…try, try again.\" It could've been a hiss, but instead Eugene's voice decrescendos to a whisper. His hand slackens and it falls across his chest as Jerome commands, yet again, \"Go to sleep.\" Instead of doing what is asked, Eugene locks his fingers around the knot of Jerome's tie and pulls him close—closer this time, and Jerome flinches in surprise, suddenly avoiding eye contact. Eugene looks him over with his eyes, silent for a few select seconds. He's vying for his attention, staring at his eyes and hoping they'll glance up and meet his. Finally, they do. \"I'm proud of you, Vincent.\" He slackens again and lays his head back on the pillow beneath his head. His arm splays across his chest. He called him by his birth name. His God-Child name. The one he abandoned in pursuit of the stars. Jerome replies with a remark similar of the kind Eugene would make: \"You must be drunk to call me Vincent.\" A small smile tugs at the left side of his mouth. Eugene doesn't smirk as he normally would, but instead stares intently into the eyes less prettier than his. He reaches up towards them and his hand is suddenly cupping Vincent's— Jerome's —face. He runs his thumb across his eyelashes. Eyes dilate. Breath hitches. Jerome- Vincent? —doesn't break eye contact. He freezes, undecided. Eugene's hand floats away from his face and slowly hovers down to the other man's tie. His face is pulled closer, and Eugene lifts his head from his pillow, their lips brushing. His breath is trapped in his throat, and he allows some to escape when he closes his eyes and presses his lips to Vincent's. It's Vincent this time. He hasn't fallen in love with himself . God, no. He hates his own image because it's the image of failure. Of a silver medal. Of a broken back. Eugene pulls away and holds in his breath. Their lips are slightly parted and he's afraid to make eye contact. But after what feels like a millennia, his eyes lift to Vincent's like a rocketship to the stars. My eyes are still prettier. Both their eyes close and they seal it with another kiss. Instead of wrapped around the knot of Vincent's tie, Eugene's hands are clutching the back of his neck. Soon the other joins, slipping down to frame his face and clutch his jawline, pulling him closer. Vincent's hands are on either side of Eugene's head, slowly intertwining into his hair. Eugene doesn't know how much he needs love other than what can be bought. He's desperate, wanting to be closer and closer to Vincent. The heel of his hands rests on Vincent's neck, and he feels the pulse ten-thousand beats overdue arc high. When Vincent's hands curl in his hair, each and every follicle stands on end, electrically charged. He feels lovely. He feels as close to happy as he's ever been. For once, he can feel something. And he can feel it even through a haze of booze and cigarettes. Vincent doesn't know what to think or do, but he knows he can feel his pulse pounding, blood growing hot, coursing through his veins. Flashes of Eugene's face appear, the fascination from when he asked what Titan was like this time of year and he got an answer less than expected; the long gaze they shared when Eugene engulfed a whole glass of wine like you would a can of beer. Small things. Unnoticeable to others, but pure gold to him. Eugene—no, Jerome —is gold . The silver medal he keeps in his inner jacket pocket is only a piece of metal—no matter what he will try to say to make you think otherwise, it has no effect on Vincent. He can feel Jerome, Jerome, the metronome's heartbeat against his own, wrists against neck. He feels alive, he knows he's alive, even after ten-thousand overdue heartbeats. After they pull away from each other, Jerome wraps his arms around Vincent, brow furrowed and head tucked underneath the other man's chin. He opens his eyes when he feels Vincent's hand on his face. He lifts his head to make eye contact, worry shining in his eyes. \"I don't want you to leave,\" he whispers. \"I know.\" Vincent says. His fingertips brush the side of Jerome's face. \"You're golden, you know that?\" he whispers, allowing a small smile to spread across his face. Jerome closes his eyes, laughing softly and shaking his head.","LastChapter":"\"You know, I wasn't drunk,\" he says, softly, tilting his head to the other man, whose face is morphed into a close replica of his own. He establishes eye contact and doesn't break it. The other man, calling himself Jerome, though not really Jerome, shifts the other farther up the bed, pulling drunken, lethargic weight coupled with dead legs. \"What d'you mean you weren't drunk?\" he asks, curious. He's dressed in a sharp suit, wrinkled slightly from the night's events. He feels stiff, tired. Eugene, the real Jerome, though calling himself by his middle name, keeps eye contact through half-lidded, tired eyes. \"When I walked in front of that car.\" There's a matter-of-fact, oh-you-should-know-this tone to his voice. It worries Jerome, even though he knows that tone is present nearly all of the time, and his eyebrows point hesitantly downwards, unprepared for the reply. His hands smooth out Eugene's clothing, a suit similar to his own. \"What car?\" he asks. \"I stepped right out in front of it…\" Eugene trails off, eyes flickering to the ceiling, and then back to Jerome's as he says, slower and quieter, now, \"Never been more sober in my life.\" There's a pause, filled with tension and realization. The replica's breath is caught in his throat, and he forces a reply, breaking the silence. \"Go to sleep,\" He commands. \"Couldn't even get that right, could I?\" Eugene asks, more to himself. Bitterness laces his voice like salt on a martini glass. He sees the disinterest and annoyance start to creep into Jerome's movements and expression and reaches out with his right arm and pulls him closer by the collar. \"If at first you don't succeed…try, try again.\" It could've been a hiss, but instead Eugene's voice decrescendos to a whisper. His hand slackens and it falls across his chest as Jerome commands, yet again, \"Go to sleep.\" Instead of doing what is asked, Eugene locks his fingers around the knot of Jerome's tie and pulls him close—closer this time, and Jerome flinches in surprise, suddenly avoiding eye contact. Eugene looks him over with his eyes, silent for a few select seconds. He's vying for his attention, staring at his eyes and hoping they'll glance up and meet his. Finally, they do. \"I'm proud of you, Vincent.\" He slackens again and lays his head back on the pillow beneath his head. His arm splays across his chest. He called him by his birth name. His God-Child name. The one he abandoned in pursuit of the stars. Jerome replies with a remark similar of the kind Eugene would make: \"You must be drunk to call me Vincent.\" A small smile tugs at the left side of his mouth. Eugene doesn't smirk as he normally would, but instead stares intently into the eyes less prettier than his. He reaches up towards them and his hand is suddenly cupping Vincent's— Jerome's —face. He runs his thumb across his eyelashes. Eyes dilate. Breath hitches. Jerome- Vincent? —doesn't break eye contact. He freezes, undecided. Eugene's hand floats away from his face and slowly hovers down to the other man's tie. His face is pulled closer, and Eugene lifts his head from his pillow, their lips brushing. His breath is trapped in his throat, and he allows some to escape when he closes his eyes and presses his lips to Vincent's. It's Vincent this time. He hasn't fallen in love with himself . God, no. He hates his own image because it's the image of failure. Of a silver medal. Of a broken back. Eugene pulls away and holds in his breath. Their lips are slightly parted and he's afraid to make eye contact. But after what feels like a millennia, his eyes lift to Vincent's like a rocketship to the stars. My eyes are still prettier. Both their eyes close and they seal it with another kiss. Instead of wrapped around the knot of Vincent's tie, Eugene's hands are clutching the back of his neck. Soon the other joins, slipping down to frame his face and clutch his jawline, pulling him closer. Vincent's hands are on either side of Eugene's head, slowly intertwining into his hair. Eugene doesn't know how much he needs love other than what can be bought. He's desperate, wanting to be closer and closer to Vincent. The heel of his hands rests on Vincent's neck, and he feels the pulse ten-thousand beats overdue arc high. When Vincent's hands curl in his hair, each and every follicle stands on end, electrically charged. He feels lovely. He feels as close to happy as he's ever been. For once, he can feel something. And he can feel it even through a haze of booze and cigarettes. Vincent doesn't know what to think or do, but he knows he can feel his pulse pounding, blood growing hot, coursing through his veins. Flashes of Eugene's face appear, the fascination from when he asked what Titan was like this time of year and he got an answer less than expected; the long gaze they shared when Eugene engulfed a whole glass of wine like you would a can of beer. Small things. Unnoticeable to others, but pure gold to him. Eugene—no, Jerome —is gold . The silver medal he keeps in his inner jacket pocket is only a piece of metal—no matter what he will try to say to make you think otherwise, it has no effect on Vincent. He can feel Jerome, Jerome, the metronome's heartbeat against his own, wrists against neck. He feels alive, he knows he's alive, even after ten-thousand overdue heartbeats. After they pull away from each other, Jerome wraps his arms around Vincent, brow furrowed and head tucked underneath the other man's chin. He opens his eyes when he feels Vincent's hand on his face. He lifts his head to make eye contact, worry shining in his eyes. \"I don't want you to leave,\" he whispers. \"I know.\" Vincent says. His fingertips brush the side of Jerome's face. \"You're golden, you know that?\" he whispers, allowing a small smile to spread across his face. Jerome closes his eyes, laughing softly and shaking his head.","Summary":" \"You know, I wasn't drunk,\" he says, softly, tilting his head to the other man, whose face is mor","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Sci-Fi Romance  - Words: 1,027 - Reviews: 5 - Favs: 14 - Follows: 5 - Published: 5 20 2014 - Status: Complete - id: 10365415 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Inheritance","Author":"meira16","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7580804","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Inheritance Lamar's words profoundly shock him, echo in his mind long after the shuttle returns to earth. Somehow, he had always thought of this life, his new life, as a temporary measure. After he came back, after he had proved himself, he would tell the truth. People would know that an Invalid could reach the heights, do anything he wanted if he only had the will. It's only now he realizes the cost of this fantasy. Currently, even though the authorities know about the borrowed ladder program, they have no idea of how successful it actually is. They quite regularly arrest de-generates, those who are not sufficiently skilled or careful or lucky. But the ones who are caught are always low-profile cases, not prestigious enough to suggest that such criminals can actually be effective. So the program is not a real threat to the perfection of society; while it is obviously illegal it is not worth much effort to stamp out. But Jerome Morrow is at the top of the pile. He is one of the most successful people in the country's most esteemed program. His existence is an abomination. If anyone finds out about Jerome Morrow, there will be no more borrowed ladders. There will be blood from the vein, searches in the home, international registration. All hope will be gone. Jerome is not naïve enough to think that he would be doing Lamar Jr. or anyone else a favour. All he would gain would be an illusion of honesty, a futile quest for absolution that would never come. Cold comfort to take to a life sentence in jail. And, really, if he is to be honest, does he actually want to be himself again? An image of Vincent, unsophisticated Vincent with his crooked teeth and spiky hair, rises up in his mind. Who wouldn't want to be Jerome Well-born instead, blessed with everything possible? Who would he rather people see when they meet him? What was so special about Vincent anyway? He thinks about Irene, beauty with a mind coiled up on itself desperately. He knows that she lied when she discarded the hair. The truth is that she does not really want to know him. She still wants to think of him as perfect Jerome, and she knows that he is so good a fake that the awareness of his true deficiency will rarely intrude. His dual identity gives her both comfort and a continued sense of superiority. She still calls him Jerome; she says it is to be careful, but he dare not forget that Vincent had little place in their life together. For Irene, everything is composure, appearance. His heart becomes agitated, and he knows that he is dying. Slowly. Maybe not this year, but soon. He will never dye Eugene's hairs grey, never have to worry about his hands shaking with old age over the keyboard. Irene again. Will they marry? Will they have children? And again, Jerome knows that, for all his preaching, he would want his son to have Anton's life and not his own. He will choose the best for his children, would never want them to suffer as he did. Their dreams will be open. Of course, it doesn't really matter. They won't be his children anyway. Vincent Freeman has been registered on national records as dead, drowned in the ocean two nights before the Titan launch, death confirmed by Anton Freeman. There is no way back; Jerome must remain Jerome if he wishes to be anybody at all. The only seed that Irene will carry is carefully stored in the freezer. Jerome doesn't believe in a world after this one. But he feels a growing sadness as his inferior body weakens, takes its natural course, and he wishes he might live on as Eugene does, in another. He has often wondered why, with all the focus on genetic enhancement, there is still such an emphasis on using the parents' genes as a starting point; after all, in some cases, the base fabric will have to be altered beyond all sense. Now he understands the longing for continuity, wishes that he had anything of his own to pass on. He will likely never see his children live to adulthood, and their veins will flow with the blood of a British drunk. Ultimately, he is a vessel, a carrier to move around prime genetic material that was not worth wasting. Several years later, his cardiac disturbance has become too marked to miss. He is sinking into despair, the sight of the lean, strong bodies and blonde hair of his sons a constant irritation. He feels useless, trapped. He so often hears the voice of his other self in his mind, words of a man long dead, talking of pride and dreams and perfection. But the words that come to him as he watches the boys play have never haunted him before. Two lifetimes… And, he thinks, why not? It is possible, no crazier than his whole life is. This could work, he could teach someone. This will be his continuance, long after Irene arranges to have his impure ashes incinerated under a false name. His heart tells him that the day would come soon; he has no time to waste. He reaches for the phone. A few months later, a man applies to work at the Australian Aerospace Academy. His urine reveals him to be Jerome Morrow, a genetic masterpiece. He is accepted instantly. Nobody stops to ponder why Jerome, a man in his forties, is aging so gracefully that he appears to be a boy of eighteen. Who would dare to question such a man? After all, a good genome is ageless, Jerome could live forever. Later that night when Jerome Morrow is alone, Thomas Lamar whispers a prayer of thanks for the soul of Vincent Freeman, hoping he has found peace in the heavens they both love.","LastChapter":"Inheritance Lamar's words profoundly shock him, echo in his mind long after the shuttle returns to earth. Somehow, he had always thought of this life, his new life, as a temporary measure. After he came back, after he had proved himself, he would tell the truth. People would know that an Invalid could reach the heights, do anything he wanted if he only had the will. It's only now he realizes the cost of this fantasy. Currently, even though the authorities know about the borrowed ladder program, they have no idea of how successful it actually is. They quite regularly arrest de-generates, those who are not sufficiently skilled or careful or lucky. But the ones who are caught are always low-profile cases, not prestigious enough to suggest that such criminals can actually be effective. So the program is not a real threat to the perfection of society; while it is obviously illegal it is not worth much effort to stamp out. But Jerome Morrow is at the top of the pile. He is one of the most successful people in the country's most esteemed program. His existence is an abomination. If anyone finds out about Jerome Morrow, there will be no more borrowed ladders. There will be blood from the vein, searches in the home, international registration. All hope will be gone. Jerome is not naïve enough to think that he would be doing Lamar Jr. or anyone else a favour. All he would gain would be an illusion of honesty, a futile quest for absolution that would never come. Cold comfort to take to a life sentence in jail. And, really, if he is to be honest, does he actually want to be himself again? An image of Vincent, unsophisticated Vincent with his crooked teeth and spiky hair, rises up in his mind. Who wouldn't want to be Jerome Well-born instead, blessed with everything possible? Who would he rather people see when they meet him? What was so special about Vincent anyway? He thinks about Irene, beauty with a mind coiled up on itself desperately. He knows that she lied when she discarded the hair. The truth is that she does not really want to know him. She still wants to think of him as perfect Jerome, and she knows that he is so good a fake that the awareness of his true deficiency will rarely intrude. His dual identity gives her both comfort and a continued sense of superiority. She still calls him Jerome; she says it is to be careful, but he dare not forget that Vincent had little place in their life together. For Irene, everything is composure, appearance. His heart becomes agitated, and he knows that he is dying. Slowly. Maybe not this year, but soon. He will never dye Eugene's hairs grey, never have to worry about his hands shaking with old age over the keyboard. Irene again. Will they marry? Will they have children? And again, Jerome knows that, for all his preaching, he would want his son to have Anton's life and not his own. He will choose the best for his children, would never want them to suffer as he did. Their dreams will be open. Of course, it doesn't really matter. They won't be his children anyway. Vincent Freeman has been registered on national records as dead, drowned in the ocean two nights before the Titan launch, death confirmed by Anton Freeman. There is no way back; Jerome must remain Jerome if he wishes to be anybody at all. The only seed that Irene will carry is carefully stored in the freezer. Jerome doesn't believe in a world after this one. But he feels a growing sadness as his inferior body weakens, takes its natural course, and he wishes he might live on as Eugene does, in another. He has often wondered why, with all the focus on genetic enhancement, there is still such an emphasis on using the parents' genes as a starting point; after all, in some cases, the base fabric will have to be altered beyond all sense. Now he understands the longing for continuity, wishes that he had anything of his own to pass on. He will likely never see his children live to adulthood, and their veins will flow with the blood of a British drunk. Ultimately, he is a vessel, a carrier to move around prime genetic material that was not worth wasting. Several years later, his cardiac disturbance has become too marked to miss. He is sinking into despair, the sight of the lean, strong bodies and blonde hair of his sons a constant irritation. He feels useless, trapped. He so often hears the voice of his other self in his mind, words of a man long dead, talking of pride and dreams and perfection. But the words that come to him as he watches the boys play have never haunted him before. Two lifetimes… And, he thinks, why not? It is possible, no crazier than his whole life is. This could work, he could teach someone. This will be his continuance, long after Irene arranges to have his impure ashes incinerated under a false name. His heart tells him that the day would come soon; he has no time to waste. He reaches for the phone. A few months later, a man applies to work at the Australian Aerospace Academy. His urine reveals him to be Jerome Morrow, a genetic masterpiece. He is accepted instantly. Nobody stops to ponder why Jerome, a man in his forties, is aging so gracefully that he appears to be a boy of eighteen. Who would dare to question such a man? After all, a good genome is ageless, Jerome could live forever. Later that night when Jerome Morrow is alone, Thomas Lamar whispers a prayer of thanks for the soul of Vincent Freeman, hoping he has found peace in the heavens they both love.","Summary":" Inheritance Lamar's words profoundly shock him, echo in his mind long after the shuttle returns to ","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Angst Spiritual  - Words: 1,000 - Reviews: 6 - Favs: 12 - Follows: 6 - Published: 11 25 2011 - Status: Complete - id: 7580804 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"validation is overrated anyway","Author":"paper streets","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7238932","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I've been on a Gattaca kick lately. I've watched it every night for almost a week now. While watching the last scene for the thousandth time, bits of sentences and phrases kept popping into my head, so I put it all together and this is what I got. It's vague and somewhat disjointed; as I'm sure last thoughts are. Hopefully it's not terrible, but I suppose that's up to all of you to decide. I don't own Gattaca. Stand in front of a moving car. You should die. He doesn't. Drink too much. Liver should shut down. Fail. It doesn't. Smoke a pack of cigarettes a day. You should get lung cancer. He won't. Lock one's self in an incinerator and pull the switch. You should burn. For once in his flawlessly Valid life, he does what he should. God, he burnsburnsburns. He breathes in smoke and ash and fumes of his own flesh. The fire kissescaresses everything. He should be dead already. But he's not. His heart beats. It beats s teadyslowrelentless. Jerome, Jerome the metronome. It's painful. God, it's so painful. But he's not afraid. Not of dying, at least. Not of burning incinerators or speeding cars or drowning. He's afraid of heights and silver medals and being one step down on the podium. He shouldn't have to fear those things. He's a genetic masterpiece, the picture of perfection. He used to pity those who fail , those who can't , those don't have a chance. People like Vincent JeromeVincentJeromeVincent. He never thought that he'd be one of them. Invalid. He's only failed twice in his life. Silver and that fucking wheelchair and if he fails now, worse-than-third degree burns. He won't fail this time. He can feel his pulse beginning to slow, his vision slipping away and he can hardly feel the flames at this point. Death is coming fast, but, fuck, it's not fast enough. He's finished. Resigned. Through his last scarce breaths and heartbeats, he thinks of Vincent. Vincent with his head beyond the clouds, Vincent among the stars. Vincent is a better Jerome anyway.","LastChapter":"I've been on a Gattaca kick lately. I've watched it every night for almost a week now. While watching the last scene for the thousandth time, bits of sentences and phrases kept popping into my head, so I put it all together and this is what I got. It's vague and somewhat disjointed; as I'm sure last thoughts are. Hopefully it's not terrible, but I suppose that's up to all of you to decide. I don't own Gattaca. Stand in front of a moving car. You should die. He doesn't. Drink too much. Liver should shut down. Fail. It doesn't. Smoke a pack of cigarettes a day. You should get lung cancer. He won't. Lock one's self in an incinerator and pull the switch. You should burn. For once in his flawlessly Valid life, he does what he should. God, he burnsburnsburns. He breathes in smoke and ash and fumes of his own flesh. The fire kissescaresses everything. He should be dead already. But he's not. His heart beats. It beats s teadyslowrelentless. Jerome, Jerome the metronome. It's painful. God, it's so painful. But he's not afraid. Not of dying, at least. Not of burning incinerators or speeding cars or drowning. He's afraid of heights and silver medals and being one step down on the podium. He shouldn't have to fear those things. He's a genetic masterpiece, the picture of perfection. He used to pity those who fail , those who can't , those don't have a chance. People like Vincent JeromeVincentJeromeVincent. He never thought that he'd be one of them. Invalid. He's only failed twice in his life. Silver and that fucking wheelchair and if he fails now, worse-than-third degree burns. He won't fail this time. He can feel his pulse beginning to slow, his vision slipping away and he can hardly feel the flames at this point. Death is coming fast, but, fuck, it's not fast enough. He's finished. Resigned. Through his last scarce breaths and heartbeats, he thinks of Vincent. Vincent with his head beyond the clouds, Vincent among the stars. Vincent is a better Jerome anyway.","Summary":" I've been on a Gattaca kick lately. I've watched it every night for almost a week now. While watchi","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Angst  - Words: 375 - Reviews: 7 - Favs: 12 - Follows: 1 - Published: 7 31 2011 - Status: Complete - id: 7238932 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Delay","Author":"Alassante","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1851089","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jerome talks about the sea, in hushed, drowsy tones, the rise andnfall of his words stirring Eugene's hair. Here is the bed, here is thenwindow and here is the dawn that has not yet broken. Jerome's cadence is anninsidious thing, Eugene reflects, tempting, oh so tempting, to close hisneyes and drift, swallowed up in it. But Eugene is a difficult person, andnalways will be. Here are the linen sheets, freshly starched, now sweaty, crumpled,ncooling. Here is the space between two bodies, and here is the ghost of anwoman who lies between them. Here is yet another prediction they could notnmake, another complication to add to his failings. Emotions. Attachment.nSloughed-off skin and stolen kisses. Blood and water, shed and bled, given,ntraded. Eugene stares at the ceiling. Will he start seeing constellationsnnow, alongside his drowned dreams? \"Jerome?\" Eugene says, and it comes out so easily now, like he hadnnever worn that name. \"Hmm?\" \"Go to sleep.\" Jerome is surprised at how gentle Eugene's voice is. Jerome looks up. Eugene is turned towards him, for once. Jerome doesnnot sigh, but merely closes his eyes and listens to Eugene's steadynheartbeat. Against the dip of Jerome's shoulder, Eugene watches and waits fornthe sun to rise.","LastChapter":"Jerome talks about the sea, in hushed, drowsy tones, the rise andnfall of his words stirring Eugene's hair. Here is the bed, here is thenwindow and here is the dawn that has not yet broken. Jerome's cadence is anninsidious thing, Eugene reflects, tempting, oh so tempting, to close hisneyes and drift, swallowed up in it. But Eugene is a difficult person, andnalways will be. Here are the linen sheets, freshly starched, now sweaty, crumpled,ncooling. Here is the space between two bodies, and here is the ghost of anwoman who lies between them. Here is yet another prediction they could notnmake, another complication to add to his failings. Emotions. Attachment.nSloughed-off skin and stolen kisses. Blood and water, shed and bled, given,ntraded. Eugene stares at the ceiling. Will he start seeing constellationsnnow, alongside his drowned dreams? \"Jerome?\" Eugene says, and it comes out so easily now, like he hadnnever worn that name. \"Hmm?\" \"Go to sleep.\" Jerome is surprised at how gentle Eugene's voice is. Jerome looks up. Eugene is turned towards him, for once. Jerome doesnnot sigh, but merely closes his eyes and listens to Eugene's steadynheartbeat. Against the dip of Jerome's shoulder, Eugene watches and waits fornthe sun to rise.","Summary":" Jerome talks about the sea, in hushed, drowsy tones, the rise andnfall of his words stirring Eugene","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English  - Words: 280 - Reviews: 6 - Favs: 12 - Published: 5 7 2004 - id: 1851089 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"I promise","Author":"princesscassandra14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7974143","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Vincent's POV \"Postponed? What do you mean the flight is postponed!\" Dr. Lamar shook his head. \"I can't figure out what the holdup is. They should have taken care of anything before the day of the flight. Whatever the case is its pretty big so it'll be about a month or two until you'll be able to board.\" \"But what am I supposed to do now?\" I said still dazed from the disbelief of everything. \"Well how about you take the day off? You work hard enough as it is and this is probably a lot to soak in.\" Lamar said giving me a small smile before turning around and busing himself with his charts. I slowly left and as I walked calmly to the parking lot in my mind my thoughts went wild. Damn it! I can't wait that long! I've waited so long gone through so much! And now my chance is just swept away right from under my feet! But… if I wait for a while I won't have to leave anyone behind. Well, I will but at least not so soon! I can spend more time with Irene, I can still joke and talk with Eugene—Eugene! I quickly took the envelope out of my pocket and opened it to find a small card. I opened the card to see a tuft of dark, wavy hair attached to the paper. I felt my chest constrict with tears that wanted to fall. I felt a mixture of sadness and uneasiness as I read the words written on the back. I'm proud of you, Vincent. Goodbye. Your friend, Jerome Eugene Morrow Goodbye. I felt my blood run cold. Surely Eugene didn't mean… No of course not the man must have been drunk while writing this. (I'd never been more sober in my life.) The people in front of him barely had time to move out of the way before Vincent Freeman bolted past his startled co-workers and to his car. Damn it! Jerome's POV I put my hands on the edge of the incinerator and tried my best to heave myself into it. Now normally this wouldn't be hard at all. I would be able to get in faster if only my stupid hands would stop shaking. I can't be afraid, I can't be a chicken, and I can't let Vincent down. I'm no longer needed. Vincent had achieved his dream and was finally going to the stars like he always wanted. He wouldn't be back for a year and when he comes back he'll have all the samples he needs. If I stay with him I'll just continue to annoy and be a burden to him. I took a deep breath and started to haul myself in. \"Jerome Eugene Morrow!\" a voice cried. What? I've never heard anyone call me with concern and fear for my wellbeing evident in their voice. With that thought warmth flooded my body and into my heart. Suddenly burning up in scorching heat inside the cramped space was unthinkable! No! Don't back out now! You must do this for— I thought before my hands shook and my legs unable to support the rest of my body, gave way to gravity. I fell hard into a heap on the floor. I don't want Vincent to see me like this! For gods sakes I can't even die with dignity! The next thing I knew Vincent was running over to me and pulling me into a sitting position. \"How—how could you? What's wrong with you!\" he choked out his eyes filled sadness. Vincent's POV Eugene looked at the floor to avoid looking at me and murmured, \"What are you doing here?\" \"What were you doing there ?\" I exploded furiously, pointing at the open door of the incinerator. Smooth, suave Eugene found himself speechless. \"I—it's what would be for the best—\" \"For what? For me to come home and find you reduced to a pile of ashes?\" \"I'm just a burden! You've got your dream and you're going to the stars! You've got your samples so I'm not needed anymore!\" he said with tears starting to fall down his face. I grabbed his shoulders tight and forced him to look at me. \"You think I care about my career if my best friend was dead? Eugene you're not just some insect in a lab that's only good for samples! Not only are you my best friend but your my brother , your my father , your my strength ...So please promise you will live for me, Eugene Promise me! I still need you samples or not!\" I said grabbing him and holding him in a tight hug. He held me back tightly while we both cried there on the floor. \"I promise.\"","LastChapter":"Vincent's POV \"Postponed? What do you mean the flight is postponed!\" Dr. Lamar shook his head. \"I can't figure out what the holdup is. They should have taken care of anything before the day of the flight. Whatever the case is its pretty big so it'll be about a month or two until you'll be able to board.\" \"But what am I supposed to do now?\" I said still dazed from the disbelief of everything. \"Well how about you take the day off? You work hard enough as it is and this is probably a lot to soak in.\" Lamar said giving me a small smile before turning around and busing himself with his charts. I slowly left and as I walked calmly to the parking lot in my mind my thoughts went wild. Damn it! I can't wait that long! I've waited so long gone through so much! And now my chance is just swept away right from under my feet! But… if I wait for a while I won't have to leave anyone behind. Well, I will but at least not so soon! I can spend more time with Irene, I can still joke and talk with Eugene—Eugene! I quickly took the envelope out of my pocket and opened it to find a small card. I opened the card to see a tuft of dark, wavy hair attached to the paper. I felt my chest constrict with tears that wanted to fall. I felt a mixture of sadness and uneasiness as I read the words written on the back. I'm proud of you, Vincent. Goodbye. Your friend, Jerome Eugene Morrow Goodbye. I felt my blood run cold. Surely Eugene didn't mean… No of course not the man must have been drunk while writing this. (I'd never been more sober in my life.) The people in front of him barely had time to move out of the way before Vincent Freeman bolted past his startled co-workers and to his car. Damn it! Jerome's POV I put my hands on the edge of the incinerator and tried my best to heave myself into it. Now normally this wouldn't be hard at all. I would be able to get in faster if only my stupid hands would stop shaking. I can't be afraid, I can't be a chicken, and I can't let Vincent down. I'm no longer needed. Vincent had achieved his dream and was finally going to the stars like he always wanted. He wouldn't be back for a year and when he comes back he'll have all the samples he needs. If I stay with him I'll just continue to annoy and be a burden to him. I took a deep breath and started to haul myself in. \"Jerome Eugene Morrow!\" a voice cried. What? I've never heard anyone call me with concern and fear for my wellbeing evident in their voice. With that thought warmth flooded my body and into my heart. Suddenly burning up in scorching heat inside the cramped space was unthinkable! No! Don't back out now! You must do this for— I thought before my hands shook and my legs unable to support the rest of my body, gave way to gravity. I fell hard into a heap on the floor. I don't want Vincent to see me like this! For gods sakes I can't even die with dignity! The next thing I knew Vincent was running over to me and pulling me into a sitting position. \"How—how could you? What's wrong with you!\" he choked out his eyes filled sadness. Vincent's POV Eugene looked at the floor to avoid looking at me and murmured, \"What are you doing here?\" \"What were you doing there ?\" I exploded furiously, pointing at the open door of the incinerator. Smooth, suave Eugene found himself speechless. \"I—it's what would be for the best—\" \"For what? For me to come home and find you reduced to a pile of ashes?\" \"I'm just a burden! You've got your dream and you're going to the stars! You've got your samples so I'm not needed anymore!\" he said with tears starting to fall down his face. I grabbed his shoulders tight and forced him to look at me. \"You think I care about my career if my best friend was dead? Eugene you're not just some insect in a lab that's only good for samples! Not only are you my best friend but your my brother , your my father , your my strength ...So please promise you will live for me, Eugene Promise me! I still need you samples or not!\" I said grabbing him and holding him in a tight hug. He held me back tightly while we both cried there on the floor. \"I promise.\"","Summary":" Vincent's POV \"Postponed? What do you mean the flight is postponed!\" Dr. Lamar shook his head. \"","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  M - English - Romance Friendship  - Words: 830 - Reviews: 1 - Favs: 13 - Follows: 5 - Published: 3 31 2012 - Status: Complete - id: 7974143 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Baptism by Fire","Author":"Zephdae","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4201975","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: I've never posted movie fanfiction before so it feels kinda weird. I actually wrote this dialogue when I was about 15, as an assignment for my philosophy class. Then today I watched Gattaca again for the first time since then, and I remembered this dialogue and dug it up and read it. I thought it was interesting. So here it is. EUGENE: You know it didn't really hurt. I thought it would. But it was like I was already dead. GOD: That chamber…your friend used it, didn't he? EUGENE: Don't you know? It seems like you should. Jerome used it, yes. Vincent, I suppose, although he was more of Jerome than I could ever be. GOD: You never liked being Jerome. EUGENE: No… It's strange, isn't it? Not losing yourself, just…never being yourself. I was never who everyone said I was, what my genes said I was. And yet…you become what they make you. Not just once. You get requisitioned at birth. Your parents pick and choose, do they want athleticism, intelligence? Stamina, speed, strength, creativity. Tall, short, thin, sturdy. But happy? Can they choose happiness? What parents wouldn't choose for their child to be happy? They think they can, I think. If we make them this, then they'll be happy, then they'll have what I always wanted. My fatherxad— My father was a swimmer. He wanted to be the best. And he never was. He never was. And he thought, he thought that would be happiness, if he could just get to the top, no matter how, and stay there. He wanted to give me happiness. I know that. I know that. But it didn't. You see? It didn't . I'd been manufactured. I was supposed to be one of the best. My genes…they said I was good at this, this, this. But what if I didn't want to be good at those things? It didn't matter. The second making. Baptism by water, baptism by fire. I had to be good at those things, had to care about them, because otherwise I wouldn't measure up. I had to be good enough, perfect enough to live up to my genes. Living up to my genes. That was the attitude, that was the problem. It's my first memory, you know. My parents. They'd say it, to coach me along I suppose, whenever they were doing something to challenge me, something most people didn't have to do. Advanced preschool—\"to help you live up to your genes, Jerome.\" A personal trainer—\"to help you live up to your genes.\" I really couldn't win, like that. Even when I came out the best, it was just living up to my genes. That's all. It was expected . And if I wasn't the best, then I'd done something wrong, obviously hadn't tried my hardest. I could never accomplish anything . GOD: You accomplished at least one thing. EUGENE: Yes. That's all I can say for myself, really. That I helped Jerome with his dream. Not altruism. In some ways it was the only thing I ever truly did for myself. Strange that a suicide attempt could lead to the one thing that would make me want to live. GOD: So that did keep you alive, then, your relationship with Vincent. EUGENE: With Jerome. But yes. I was borrowing his dream, I suppose. Never having had one myself. And I had a purpose in his dream, I was important there. And it felt important to me, not like everything else they told me was important. Getting the highest score or the fastest time, winning the gold medal. Being the best. GOD: And yet you weren't happy with the silver. EUGENE: Ironic. Isn't it ironic? I suppose…I suppose I was competitive. I was made to be. But the competitiveness went…it went the wrong direction. I was supposed to want to beat people, to win. Instead I was competitive about attention, about how people saw me. They had to think I was the best, because I should be. I didn't care about winning for its own sake, I only cared that people saw me as the winner. Because I had to live up to my genes. It always came back to that, you see. I tried to kill myself. Tried—you see I couldn't even get that right. In some way I succeeded… I couldn't swim, couldn't run, couldn't walk, couldn't stand . I didn't have to worry about fulfilling anything now, because there was no potential there left to fulfill. But I still had to live with that final disappointment, that second-best, that last reminder that I hadn't done enough, hadn't been good enough. I did decide to live with it. I didn't have to, you know. But I committed to the one thing that would require me to live—having someone else need my life. And then when that need was gone. When Jerome had gotten his dream. I pulled myself up into a little box and flicked a switch and burned up my body. Baptism by fire, again. I don't know why he didn't realize. I told him, that night, that it wasn't a mistake to step in front of that car. I as good as told him I'd try it again. Why didn't he realize, when I showed him all the samples I'd collected? Enough for two lifetimes, I said. His life and mine. Maybe he did realize, after all. I think I know now why I chose to sell my genetic identity. I needed to do something that wasn't already ordained in every cell from my body. GOD: To leave part of yourself behind. EUGENE: Yes. Yes, exactly. I didn't have chilren, or the accomplishments that would leave any part of me behind. But I had to continue. I did it through Jerome. He needed me. I suppose that was part of it as well. No one ever needed me, I don't think. My father, yes, perhaps he needed me to do what he couldn't, but Jerome… Jerome didn't need me to achieve anything, he needed me to help him achieve something. Behind-the-scenes. Secret. GOD: Sounds like altruism to me. You gave your life up for him. EUGENE: No. No. What life? Don't make me a savior. GOD: Weren't you? EUGENE: No . No. It was for myself, don't you see? To leave something behind. Like you said. GOD: Maybe that's all altruism really is. Maybe you're a martyr, a saint. EUGENE: And maybe there's no such thing as altruism. Maybe it's all for ourselves, at the end. Don't the martyrs believe they will receive all the glory of Paradise? Do they really sacrifice, then? GOD: They sacrifice. EUGENE: But still they expect rewards for themselves at the end? They expect praise and acknowledgement? GOD: Yes. EUGENE: Then it's not purely sacrificial. Altruism is an illusion. GOD: No. It's just misdefined. EUGENE: Look here, why are we discussing all this? Aren't you supposed to be all-knowing? GOD: Does it matter? EUGENE: No. No, I suppose not. And isn't it supposed to be perfect here? Then why don't my legs work? GOD: Maybe you don't want them to. EUGENE: Maybe I don't.","LastChapter":"AN: I've never posted movie fanfiction before so it feels kinda weird. I actually wrote this dialogue when I was about 15, as an assignment for my philosophy class. Then today I watched Gattaca again for the first time since then, and I remembered this dialogue and dug it up and read it. I thought it was interesting. So here it is. EUGENE: You know it didn't really hurt. I thought it would. But it was like I was already dead. GOD: That chamber…your friend used it, didn't he? EUGENE: Don't you know? It seems like you should. Jerome used it, yes. Vincent, I suppose, although he was more of Jerome than I could ever be. GOD: You never liked being Jerome. EUGENE: No… It's strange, isn't it? Not losing yourself, just…never being yourself. I was never who everyone said I was, what my genes said I was. And yet…you become what they make you. Not just once. You get requisitioned at birth. Your parents pick and choose, do they want athleticism, intelligence? Stamina, speed, strength, creativity. Tall, short, thin, sturdy. But happy? Can they choose happiness? What parents wouldn't choose for their child to be happy? They think they can, I think. If we make them this, then they'll be happy, then they'll have what I always wanted. My fatherxad— My father was a swimmer. He wanted to be the best. And he never was. He never was. And he thought, he thought that would be happiness, if he could just get to the top, no matter how, and stay there. He wanted to give me happiness. I know that. I know that. But it didn't. You see? It didn't . I'd been manufactured. I was supposed to be one of the best. My genes…they said I was good at this, this, this. But what if I didn't want to be good at those things? It didn't matter. The second making. Baptism by water, baptism by fire. I had to be good at those things, had to care about them, because otherwise I wouldn't measure up. I had to be good enough, perfect enough to live up to my genes. Living up to my genes. That was the attitude, that was the problem. It's my first memory, you know. My parents. They'd say it, to coach me along I suppose, whenever they were doing something to challenge me, something most people didn't have to do. Advanced preschool—\"to help you live up to your genes, Jerome.\" A personal trainer—\"to help you live up to your genes.\" I really couldn't win, like that. Even when I came out the best, it was just living up to my genes. That's all. It was expected . And if I wasn't the best, then I'd done something wrong, obviously hadn't tried my hardest. I could never accomplish anything . GOD: You accomplished at least one thing. EUGENE: Yes. That's all I can say for myself, really. That I helped Jerome with his dream. Not altruism. In some ways it was the only thing I ever truly did for myself. Strange that a suicide attempt could lead to the one thing that would make me want to live. GOD: So that did keep you alive, then, your relationship with Vincent. EUGENE: With Jerome. But yes. I was borrowing his dream, I suppose. Never having had one myself. And I had a purpose in his dream, I was important there. And it felt important to me, not like everything else they told me was important. Getting the highest score or the fastest time, winning the gold medal. Being the best. GOD: And yet you weren't happy with the silver. EUGENE: Ironic. Isn't it ironic? I suppose…I suppose I was competitive. I was made to be. But the competitiveness went…it went the wrong direction. I was supposed to want to beat people, to win. Instead I was competitive about attention, about how people saw me. They had to think I was the best, because I should be. I didn't care about winning for its own sake, I only cared that people saw me as the winner. Because I had to live up to my genes. It always came back to that, you see. I tried to kill myself. Tried—you see I couldn't even get that right. In some way I succeeded… I couldn't swim, couldn't run, couldn't walk, couldn't stand . I didn't have to worry about fulfilling anything now, because there was no potential there left to fulfill. But I still had to live with that final disappointment, that second-best, that last reminder that I hadn't done enough, hadn't been good enough. I did decide to live with it. I didn't have to, you know. But I committed to the one thing that would require me to live—having someone else need my life. And then when that need was gone. When Jerome had gotten his dream. I pulled myself up into a little box and flicked a switch and burned up my body. Baptism by fire, again. I don't know why he didn't realize. I told him, that night, that it wasn't a mistake to step in front of that car. I as good as told him I'd try it again. Why didn't he realize, when I showed him all the samples I'd collected? Enough for two lifetimes, I said. His life and mine. Maybe he did realize, after all. I think I know now why I chose to sell my genetic identity. I needed to do something that wasn't already ordained in every cell from my body. GOD: To leave part of yourself behind. EUGENE: Yes. Yes, exactly. I didn't have chilren, or the accomplishments that would leave any part of me behind. But I had to continue. I did it through Jerome. He needed me. I suppose that was part of it as well. No one ever needed me, I don't think. My father, yes, perhaps he needed me to do what he couldn't, but Jerome… Jerome didn't need me to achieve anything, he needed me to help him achieve something. Behind-the-scenes. Secret. GOD: Sounds like altruism to me. You gave your life up for him. EUGENE: No. No. What life? Don't make me a savior. GOD: Weren't you? EUGENE: No . No. It was for myself, don't you see? To leave something behind. Like you said. GOD: Maybe that's all altruism really is. Maybe you're a martyr, a saint. EUGENE: And maybe there's no such thing as altruism. Maybe it's all for ourselves, at the end. Don't the martyrs believe they will receive all the glory of Paradise? Do they really sacrifice, then? GOD: They sacrifice. EUGENE: But still they expect rewards for themselves at the end? They expect praise and acknowledgement? GOD: Yes. EUGENE: Then it's not purely sacrificial. Altruism is an illusion. GOD: No. It's just misdefined. EUGENE: Look here, why are we discussing all this? Aren't you supposed to be all-knowing? GOD: Does it matter? EUGENE: No. No, I suppose not. And isn't it supposed to be perfect here? Then why don't my legs work? GOD: Maybe you don't want them to. EUGENE: Maybe I don't.","Summary":" AN: I've never posted movie fanfiction before so it feels kinda weird. I actually wrote this dialog","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Spiritual Angst  - Words: 1,267 - Reviews: 9 - Favs: 11 - Follows: 1 - Published: 4 16 2008 - Status: Complete - id: 4201975 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Night of the mask","Author":"Itachi's luv slave","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8957123","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Night of the mask what haappens when stanly decides to use the maks ans have a lil fun? chapter 1 Its a regular Thursday night, stanly and Tina are all curled up on the couch watching a movie. But tina wasn't really interested in the show in front of her all she could think about was the man next to her. She kept throwing him flirty hints and gestures, but he just didn't seem to get it,all he did was sit there watching the movie. \"having a good time,tina?\" \"yea, this was such a great idea stanly,im so glad I came by… I wonder how we can make this date even better? She asked laying her head on his shoulder \"haha I don't know\" Tina smiled then leaned over and kissed him deeply,her hands roamed all over his chest, her kisses moved from stanly's lips down to the nape of his neck Stanly's pov Im trying so hard to keep my cooll but tina feels so good! The smell of her sweet perfume was drivng me wild! I could already feel my self getting hard, I had to stop this before I lose control. \"oh look at the time, I better call it a night, y'know since I got work in the morning and all…\" I shly said pulling away \"I suppose youre right…\" tina sighs sounding disappointed I glanced out the window and noticed the storm outside \"oh no its raining\" \"It looks bad I don't know if I can drive home in that\" tina says \"hmmm so what are we gonna do? I ask Suddenly tina got a smirk across her face. \" I know , how about I sleep here tonite?\" My heart almost stopped \"y-you? sleep h-here?\" \"hehe why not?, come on stanly it'll be fun! Please?\" she begged with innocent eyes \"ok…um im gonna go shower\" I say shying away from her before she can try to kiss me again I stand in the the shower letting the water hit me: ~come on stanly you can do this, she's just staying the night we don't have to do anything…do we?~ I thought By the time I got tina was alreasy fast a sleep, she had strip down into nothing but a see thru slipdress, her legs looked so smooth and soft, I just wanted to touch them.. I started to reach out unti lsuddenly I stopped myself. ~what am I doing!? I cant feel her up while she's sleep, thts wrong… but she damn she looks good laying there all sexy and innocent.. I gotta have her… As I tried to think of something I suddenly her a faint familiar voice calling to me, turned around to see the mask laying on top of the a thought came to my mind. What would it be like if I slept with tina while I wore the mask? ~ aw wht am I thinking? Whose nose wht could happen if I do tht. Nope Im not gonna use it…~ I tried to go to sleep but it keep calling me. I couldn't take it any more \"Oh wht the hell\" I say rushing over and slamming the mask on my face, thn the mask took control. Tina's pov I was woken up when I heard a huge gush of wind, thn suddenly It stopped. I looked around but no one was here. \"Stanly? Where are you?\" Then in a flash he appeared in front of me. The mask \"Stanly's not here at the moment.. but id be happy to give him a massage\" she said with a wicked grin, then rushed at my bedside. \"since it's just us…how about we get busy dollface?\" he asked throwing off his hat and jacket, leaping on top of me. Mask leaned down to kiss me but turned my head away from him, the didn't stop him from kissing down my cleavage. Even though I knew ti was kinda wrong I couldn't help moan. His touch was like magic. \"wait..this wrong we shouldn't do this!\" I argued Mask stopped what he was doing,staring down at me blankly, then gave a devilish smile. \"oh really? Well your body says different\" he argued back, slipping his hand between my legs, getting off my panties with ease, his fingers started to rub was making me sink into utter bliss \"mmmmm youre so wet, I love it\" he purred slipping a fingers in and out of my wet lips while his other hand caressed mt bare breast. It was so pleasurable I could hardly speak. \"feels good doesn't it dollface?\" he cooed rubbing my nipple between his fingers \"mmhmm' was all I could say. Just when I was getting close he stopped touching me completely. I whined sadly at that \"what? You want more sweetscheeks?\" \"oh much more\" I sat up and reached over and grabbed him pulling into a passionate never tasted someone as sweet has him,well next to stanly anyway. He gently pushed me back on the bed,my head resting on the large pillows. He ran his hands up my back as mine ran down his stomach, undoing his buttons on the way down. When they were all done I pushed off his shirt, exposing his broad shoulders and chest. Before I could even touch get to his belt. He sat up and started unbuckling his best and pants, now tht he was fully undress he laid back down on top of me. \"Get ready surgar, daddy's gonna rock your world\" With that with no mercy he sunk every inch of his length into me, I screamed out in pleasure as he filled me, he felt so slowly began thrusting in and out my juices covering his cock, my arms where over his shoulders loosely, Im savouring every inch filling me up and sliding in and out, all of a sudden his thrusts became more fast as his lips snarled flashing his pearly white teeth looking me dead in the face. \"Tell daddy how much you love it\" He grunted as beads of sweat began to form on his face and chest our body heat mingling with each movement \"OOO YES,I FUCKING LOVE IT\" I hissed I screamed as his thrusts, becoming harder. Then he pulled my legs over his shoulders and rammed into me deeper, i didn't think it was possible!, i cried out in slight pain and pleasure as his thrusts became more aggressive and harder than ever really banging into me he gripped onto my thighs for support as sweat dripped from us both screaming and arching in pleasure I couldn't take it anymore i came harder than i ever have before all over his cock as soon as he did he screamed out, it seem like he came too because he wouldn't stop shaking, then mask collapsed onto of me with his whole body weight, we panted uncontrollably the heat from our bodies immense. Exhausted and satisfied we both fell into blissful sleep. When I woke up i felt a lil sore but really good too. I found Stanly still fast asleep next to me, naked but asleep. I felt The room looked like as if nothing happened. ~What on earth happen last night? Was it really all a dream?~ I thought but it had to be real, especially since it felt so good…. In the coner of my eye I notice a green glimmer of light. Right next to Stanly on the dresser was a green mask.I picked it up examining it , I looked at stanly thn back at the mask. Then It all started to make sense. ~doesn't matter if it was a dream or not.. I got a good feeling I'll enjoying it again real soon~","LastChapter":"Night of the mask what haappens when stanly decides to use the maks ans have a lil fun? chapter 1 Its a regular Thursday night, stanly and Tina are all curled up on the couch watching a movie. But tina wasn't really interested in the show in front of her all she could think about was the man next to her. She kept throwing him flirty hints and gestures, but he just didn't seem to get it,all he did was sit there watching the movie. \"having a good time,tina?\" \"yea, this was such a great idea stanly,im so glad I came by… I wonder how we can make this date even better? She asked laying her head on his shoulder \"haha I don't know\" Tina smiled then leaned over and kissed him deeply,her hands roamed all over his chest, her kisses moved from stanly's lips down to the nape of his neck Stanly's pov Im trying so hard to keep my cooll but tina feels so good! The smell of her sweet perfume was drivng me wild! I could already feel my self getting hard, I had to stop this before I lose control. \"oh look at the time, I better call it a night, y'know since I got work in the morning and all…\" I shly said pulling away \"I suppose youre right…\" tina sighs sounding disappointed I glanced out the window and noticed the storm outside \"oh no its raining\" \"It looks bad I don't know if I can drive home in that\" tina says \"hmmm so what are we gonna do? I ask Suddenly tina got a smirk across her face. \" I know , how about I sleep here tonite?\" My heart almost stopped \"y-you? sleep h-here?\" \"hehe why not?, come on stanly it'll be fun! Please?\" she begged with innocent eyes \"ok…um im gonna go shower\" I say shying away from her before she can try to kiss me again I stand in the the shower letting the water hit me: ~come on stanly you can do this, she's just staying the night we don't have to do anything…do we?~ I thought By the time I got tina was alreasy fast a sleep, she had strip down into nothing but a see thru slipdress, her legs looked so smooth and soft, I just wanted to touch them.. I started to reach out unti lsuddenly I stopped myself. ~what am I doing!? I cant feel her up while she's sleep, thts wrong… but she damn she looks good laying there all sexy and innocent.. I gotta have her… As I tried to think of something I suddenly her a faint familiar voice calling to me, turned around to see the mask laying on top of the a thought came to my mind. What would it be like if I slept with tina while I wore the mask? ~ aw wht am I thinking? Whose nose wht could happen if I do tht. Nope Im not gonna use it…~ I tried to go to sleep but it keep calling me. I couldn't take it any more \"Oh wht the hell\" I say rushing over and slamming the mask on my face, thn the mask took control. Tina's pov I was woken up when I heard a huge gush of wind, thn suddenly It stopped. I looked around but no one was here. \"Stanly? Where are you?\" Then in a flash he appeared in front of me. The mask \"Stanly's not here at the moment.. but id be happy to give him a massage\" she said with a wicked grin, then rushed at my bedside. \"since it's just us…how about we get busy dollface?\" he asked throwing off his hat and jacket, leaping on top of me. Mask leaned down to kiss me but turned my head away from him, the didn't stop him from kissing down my cleavage. Even though I knew ti was kinda wrong I couldn't help moan. His touch was like magic. \"wait..this wrong we shouldn't do this!\" I argued Mask stopped what he was doing,staring down at me blankly, then gave a devilish smile. \"oh really? Well your body says different\" he argued back, slipping his hand between my legs, getting off my panties with ease, his fingers started to rub was making me sink into utter bliss \"mmmmm youre so wet, I love it\" he purred slipping a fingers in and out of my wet lips while his other hand caressed mt bare breast. It was so pleasurable I could hardly speak. \"feels good doesn't it dollface?\" he cooed rubbing my nipple between his fingers \"mmhmm' was all I could say. Just when I was getting close he stopped touching me completely. I whined sadly at that \"what? You want more sweetscheeks?\" \"oh much more\" I sat up and reached over and grabbed him pulling into a passionate never tasted someone as sweet has him,well next to stanly anyway. He gently pushed me back on the bed,my head resting on the large pillows. He ran his hands up my back as mine ran down his stomach, undoing his buttons on the way down. When they were all done I pushed off his shirt, exposing his broad shoulders and chest. Before I could even touch get to his belt. He sat up and started unbuckling his best and pants, now tht he was fully undress he laid back down on top of me. \"Get ready surgar, daddy's gonna rock your world\" With that with no mercy he sunk every inch of his length into me, I screamed out in pleasure as he filled me, he felt so slowly began thrusting in and out my juices covering his cock, my arms where over his shoulders loosely, Im savouring every inch filling me up and sliding in and out, all of a sudden his thrusts became more fast as his lips snarled flashing his pearly white teeth looking me dead in the face. \"Tell daddy how much you love it\" He grunted as beads of sweat began to form on his face and chest our body heat mingling with each movement \"OOO YES,I FUCKING LOVE IT\" I hissed I screamed as his thrusts, becoming harder. Then he pulled my legs over his shoulders and rammed into me deeper, i didn't think it was possible!, i cried out in slight pain and pleasure as his thrusts became more aggressive and harder than ever really banging into me he gripped onto my thighs for support as sweat dripped from us both screaming and arching in pleasure I couldn't take it anymore i came harder than i ever have before all over his cock as soon as he did he screamed out, it seem like he came too because he wouldn't stop shaking, then mask collapsed onto of me with his whole body weight, we panted uncontrollably the heat from our bodies immense. Exhausted and satisfied we both fell into blissful sleep. When I woke up i felt a lil sore but really good too. I found Stanly still fast asleep next to me, naked but asleep. I felt The room looked like as if nothing happened. ~What on earth happen last night? Was it really all a dream?~ I thought but it had to be real, especially since it felt so good…. In the coner of my eye I notice a green glimmer of light. Right next to Stanly on the dresser was a green mask.I picked it up examining it , I looked at stanly thn back at the mask. Then It all started to make sense. ~doesn't matter if it was a dream or not.. I got a good feeling I'll enjoying it again real soon~","Summary":" Night of the mask what haappens when stanly decides to use the maks ans have a lil fun? chapter 1 I","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  M - English - Romance -  Stanley I. The Mask, Tina C.  - Words: 1,327 - Reviews: 4 - Favs: 10 - Follows: 4 - Published: 1 28 2013 - id: 8957123 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"One More Night","Author":"Omnitrix1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7821462","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One More Night by Omnitrix1 Disclaimer: I do not any legal rights to \"The Mask,\" neither the film nor the comics. I just made this story (if you can call it that) for two reasons. One, I'm currently back in my phase of obsession with the Mask, and two, I was bored in class, so I just wrote stuff down. Enjoy","LastChapter":"One More Night by Omnitrix1 Disclaimer: I do not any legal rights to \"The Mask,\" neither the film nor the comics. I just made this story (if you can call it that) for two reasons. One, I'm currently back in my phase of obsession with the Mask, and two, I was bored in class, so I just wrote stuff down. Enjoy","Summary":" One More Night by Omnitrix1 Disclaimer: I do not any legal rights to \"The Mask,\" neither the film","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Suspense -  Stanley I. The Mask  - Words: 1,203 - Reviews: 3 - Favs: 7 - Follows: 3 - Published: 2 10 2012 - Status: Complete - id: 7821462 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"The Ties that Bind","Author":"horrendoushaddock","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4921146","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing except this fic. A/N: There are some vague comic/movie references, as well as the incorporation of the comic's slightly darker feel. Oh, and a hint of Joker/Mask. The Ties that Bind He supposes it's curiosity that has led him here, to the Edge City library's dusty aisles and darker hallways. He's fairly certain this is where the old woman at the front desk directed him to, assuring him he would find what he was looking for, documentation and books on old Norse mythology, here. But these halls seem deserted, and he has a sick feeling, if the flickering lights and cobwebs are any indication, that not many people venture this far into the library. In fact, he is pretty sure he isn't even supposed to be here. All in all, this will likely turn out to be just another fine mess that zoot-suited trouble-maker will have gotten him into – which is a feat, Stanley will admit, considering the Mask has had no real influence on the situation at hand; this is all Stanley and his sheer and sudden urge to understand his alter-ego a little bit better. At the sound of footsteps, slow and cautious behind him, Stanley wastes no time in ducking into the nearest corridor, breath hitching. There's a door behind him and he fumbles with the knob, only to hear the sound of the lock never relenting its hold. \"Damn,\" he curses under his breath, then closes his eyes and forces himself to relax. The click-clack of high heels on marble has come to a stop, and he wonders if he maybe imagined it. Lately, as his connection to the Mask has become regrettably stronger, he has had a habit of hearing a second pair of footsteps follow him wherever he goes, among other things. Yeah, he thinks, that had to have been it – his mind playing tricks on him again. But Stanley Ipkiss has been wrong before. Many times, in fact. \"You do know you shouldn't be down here, right?\" says a voice that makes him snap his attention to the end of the short passageway. There's a young woman standing there, one hand on her hip, the other cradling folders and books to her chest. Of course, he should have realized the Mask does not often opt for women's footwear, unless the time calls for such. Combing his fingers through his hair as he steps forward, a shy, sheepish smile on his lips, he says, \"I... think I took a wrong turn somewhere over there.\" He points down the vast hallway, then furrows his brow as he points in the opposite direction, unsure of where he was going and where he came from anymore, \"or over there. I'm not really sure.\" The girl rolls her eyes. \"Whatever. Come on,\" she says, turning on her heel and starting on her way to lead him back into the main halls. \"Wait! Maybe you can help me?\" he asks as he follows obediently. \"I was looking for some information on Norse mythology? Preferably on Loki? The woman at the front desk said I'd find it somewhere in the back and – \" She chuckles and tucks a lock of her dark hair behind an ear. \"I think she meant somewhere in the back aisles . That's where all of our older stuff is.\" \"Oh,\" he mumbles quietly, a blush forming on his cheeks. Nice one, that unmistakable voice jeers from somewhere in the back of his mind, making Stanley wince and place the heel of his palm to his forehead. \"You alright?\" the archivist asks, cocking an eyebrow at the older man. \"Fine,\" he quickly replies. \"Just,\" he points to his head and rolls his eyes, \"a headache. Nothing to worry about.\" She buys it, and moves on to something she feels is more important. \"Norse mythology, right?\" \"Right.\" And she intends to send him on his way minutes later with an armful of books; The Poetic Edda: Translated from the Icelandic with an Introduction and Notes by Henry Adams Bellows , \" The God Loki from Snaptun\" as collected in Oldtidens Ansigt: Faces of the Past by Hans Jørgen Madsen , and Norse Mythology: A Guide to the Gods, Heroes, Rituals, and Beliefs by John Lindow are among the many titles she's recommended. \"Thank you, Miss...?\" She rolls her eyes again and points to the name tag on her blouse. He leans in to get a better, proper look, then winces once again at the sound of a klaxon blaring through his skull, followed by a wolf-whistle and heavy panting. Oh, bab-ay! sounds the alter-ego as Stanley's eyes venture lower to her breasts. She clears her throat, and when he looks up to her face once more she's clearly not amused by his prolonged glance at her name tag. \"Miss Larsen,\" Stanley says quickly, balancing the books awkwardly in one arm as he holds out his hand to her. \"Call me Skye. Miss makes me feel old,\" she tells him, accepting his hand and giving it a brief shake. \"Right,\" he mumbles, shifting the books into both arms again, straightening them out using his chin and chest. \"Well, thank you very much, Skye.\" \"Just doing my job, Mr...?\" \"Ipkiss. Stanley Ipkiss. Just Stanley'll do.\" \"Sure thing,\" she says, eyes wandering up and down his body briefly. He returns the once-over somewhat bashfully. \"I – I better go,\" he says, voice a little cracked, backing up slowly, fighting off the urge to thank her for a third time. \"Catch you on the flip side,\" Skye drawls, waving with her free hand before he turns on his heel and heads for the front desk to check his selection out, his stride clumsy as he tries to keep the books from toppling out of his grasp. You have no idea, babe. He reads through every book she gave him, cover-to-cover, in the course of a few days, and by the time he pushes the last away his mind is numbed and reeling with names like Baldr and Freyja and images of giant wolves and eight-legged horses. But for all it was worth, he finds no mention of the mask. \"Figures,\" he mumbles to himself, slumping back on the couch and scratching behind Milo's ear. The little dog whines as he comes closer and lays his head on his owner's lap, content to provide what little comfort he can in return for some attention. Stanley's hand stills on the Jack Russel as he glances at the wooden mask propped up on the coffee table. He can feel its pull, like a gravity, but, as he has for the last week or so, resists. He knows if he dons the mask, especially now with his mind warped and strained, nothing good will come of it; he will have no control and he will head over to the library in that dizzying whirlwind to do God-knows-what. A buzzer rings in his mind, the kind that sounds when a contestant on a cheesy game show gets the answer to a question wrong. You know exactly what'll happen. Stanley shakes his head. Milo whines. And you want it, too. \"I do not!\" Stanley snaps, glaring at the mask, and Milo's tail finds its way between his legs. Liar, liar, pants on fire! \"Just shut up,\" he mumbles, defeated, because he knows the Mask is right. The Mask is always right. But that doesn't mean Stanley is about to give in so easily this time. Oh, you are just no fun sometimes. \"Did you find what you were looking for, Stan?\" Skye asks as Stanley sets the pile of books down on the main desk. She doesn't notice the older man's cocked eyebrow and curious stare; a girl hasn't called him Stan since high school. \"A little,\" he says, then sucks on his teeth and shakes his head. \"No. Not at all, really.\" He smiles sheepishly at her, drumming his fingers against the polished wood. \"That sucks,\" she mumbles, busy putting the books aside one-by-one into the return pile. \"Yeah,\" Stanley says with a sigh, and he has yet to make any effort to leave. \"Out of pure curiosity,\" Skye asks once she's finished with his books, \"what were you looking for exactly?\" He rubs at the back of his neck. \"I... was hoping to find some information on this mask I heard about.\" \"Go on,\" she says, one eyebrow cocked as she leans over the desk, arms folded to prop herself up on her elbows. \"It belonged to Loki? Or something. I'm not really sure.\" She purses her lips and hums in thought, brow furrowed. Her eyes widen a few seconds later. \"You know, I think I read something like that while I was in college. About this mask that, like, could grant its wearer some sort of power and remove all inhibitions instilled by society.\" Hey, hey now. Don't make it all about me, baby. Let's talk about Skye Larsen. \"Yeah, that's the one,\" Stanley nods, closing his eyes and taking a breath to suppress that incredibly-hard-to-ignore-voice that decides to make itself known at the worst possible times. She cocks an eyebrow at him. \"How'd you hear about it? That's a story that's not on many shelves.\" \"Oh, you know... Heard it on the grapevine,\" he says. \"A buddy of mine's a mythology major and told me about it awhile go.\" She leans back and nods slowly. \"Uh huh.\" A coy smirk finds its way onto her lips before she walks around the desk to stand in front of him, now with nothing to separate them. \"You really wanna know the whole story?\" \"It'd be greatly appreciated,\" Stanley says, swallowing hard and bells and chimes and whistles are sounding in his head as though he's won some sort of prize. Apparently his other half senses something he is a little too naïve to pick up on, despite it being glaringly obvious. \"Then I guess I could call up my professor and ask for a copy of the manuscripts. You seem genuinely interested.\" Oh, we are. Stanley nods. \"That would be really, really wonderful.\" \"Your place. Friday. Say, seven o'clock?\" Skye inquires, head cocked to the side in a manner that seems almost coquettish, but Stanley may have been imagining that. The Mask knows better and there goes the klaxon again. He licks his bottom lip, adjusting the collar of his shirt as he asks, \"Miss Larsen, are you asking me out?\" \"Yes or no, slick,\" she muses. \"I got a job to get back to.\" Friday comes and Friday goes, and Skye leaves Stanley with a folder full of photocopied papers and pictures he has no real intention of looking at anymore. He is far more interested in the quirky library archivist, and the mask is not going anywhere for awhile to come. He has all the time he needs to skim through his personal copies of those rare documents. He spends the night wide awake with Milo sleeping beside him, kicking and growling as he dreams. The folder is forgotten in the living room on the coffee table, beside the mask, and his mind wanders away from the green-faced menace to the promise of Monday, when he will be meeting with her again. Strictly to speak of mythology and masks, of course. And who is he trying to kid? He has no intention of bringing up the mask again on Monday, and he has a feeling that neither does she. It's a coincidental common ground they share and have exploited and used to their advantage in order to get to know one another better. You know, as much I love all of this attention, I really hate being the third wheel. And there's malice and trickery in his voice. Stanley's stomach churns and knots. He does not trust the Mask one bit, so he resolves not to wear it again until the time is absolutely necessary – because while Gotham has its Batman, Edge City only has the Mask to rely on. Kellaway does an alright job, but the lieutenant is far too world-wary and caught up on catching the Mask now to really do his job right. Officer Doyle is of no help, either. Stanley Ipkiss decides he hates Mondays as he walks passed the alleyway near his apartment complex and sees some poor Joe – a lanky high school student – being backed into a corner and threatened by a thug in leather and donning a bandanna. He hears things like \"loan\" and \"pay up\"and winces when the distinct sound of a switchblade opening up graces his ears after the kid tells the gangster he has no money at the time. He could easily keep walking, pretend like he saw nothing and continue on his way to the café just a few blocks away where he's scheduled to meet Skye. He could, but he doesn't because it's his job as the unofficial anti-hero of Edge City to do something about this before another innocent somebody gets killed. So Stanley runs back to his apartment, fumbles with the keys and stumbles inside, nearly tripping over Milo on his way to the coffee table and the mask. He lifts it to his face slowly. \"Please, don't make me regret this,\" he whimpers before placing the woodwork over his face entirely. It expands and constricts and suffocates as the world spins out of control – or is that him spinning while the world stands still? No matter; when the spinning stops, he stands there with his perpetual shit-eating grin and bright yellow zoot-suit, adjusting his red and black tie. \"Would you look at the time?\" he muses before an alarm sounds on the over-sized watch suddenly around his wrist. \"This guy's worried about some boob's lunch money when he has a total babe waiting on him! Unbelievable!\" He clamps a hand over the watch and it disappears before he runs at superhuman speed outside. Only to find his legs stop working as he passes the alley, causing him to trip and stumble to the ground. He grits his teeth and narrows his eyes. \"Oh, no. We're doing this my way this time!\" And Stanley has to wonder: isn't always the Mask's way? Help the kid! \"He can take care of himself!\" Then his body is hoisted up and dragged reluctantly backward, head forced to look into the alley. He skews his face, seeing the kid now on his knees, shirt torn and the big guy in quite the curious position; pants down around his ankles, one hand on the kid's head. \"You'll pay with somethin' else till you can give back the money you owe me,\" the thug says, pushing his hips forward. \"Ew,\" the Mask grimaces and Stanley relinquishes his hold for the time being, trusting the Mask to oblige. Which he does, all be it reluctantly. \"Oopsie daisy. Looks like somebody was caught with his pants down!\" he jeers from behind the thug suddenly. The boy whirls around, switchblade at the ready, and the Mask skips backward, glancing downward amusedly. \"You know, I had no idea they came in that size,\" he muses, and when the leather-head lunges forward he grabs his wrist and slaps the knife from his hand. \"They have pills for guys like you,\" he continues on, then flips the guy over onto his back and holds him easily in place, pinned to the ground with a foot to his chest. He looks to the would-be-victim, huddled and wide-eyed. \"Get outta here,\" he says, jerking his thumb toward the entrance of the alley, putting on a Brooklyn accent. The kid scrambles away, practically shouting his thanks as he runs passed and away as fast as he can. \"Now, as for you,\" he turns his attention back to the thug on the ground, thrashing and struggling and cursing at him. Leaving his foot where it is, he moves a few feet away to pick up the discarded switchblade, leg stretching as he goes. He hop-skips back over and squats, waving the knife in front of the boy's sudden pale face. It only takes a second, and he walks away whistling as the boy writhes on the ground, not daring to move about too much – for too much movement may only cause the blade's handle to sink deeper into his anus. The moment he steps out of the alley, he finds his arms raising, hands reaching for the back of his head. He gasps, a loud and exaggerated intake of breath as he realizes what his other half is trying to do. \"Oh, no you don't!\" he snaps, taking control of one arm and using it to slap the other hand away from the base of his skull. I don't need you anymore! Stanley's hand reaches for the Mask's, pinching at a nerve that makes him screech. \"Who cares what you need?\" The Mask shakes the sting off, then makes another attempt to grab the other hand again. \"I gotta get my freak on!\" She doesn't know about you! You can't do that! \"Watch me,\" he grins wide, though grits his teeth a few seconds later as Stanley's arm continues to evade capture. \"Stanley, you're making this ve-ery difficult,\" he sing-songs maliciously, reaching behind his back. \"Whattaya say you take five, kiddo?\" Then he pulls an insanely large mallet out of nowhere and wastes no time in hitting himself in the head with it, silencing Stanley for the time being. Tiny animated twinkling stars encircle his head as he sinks, cross-eyed and tongue lolling out of the corner of his mouth, to the ground. The mallet has vanished without a trace. \"He'll feel that in the morning,\" he slurs before shaking his head, the stars disappearing with popping sounds as he stands himself up and brushes off his suit. He glances at his wrist, to that too-big watch again and notices he's already five minutes late for Stanley and Skye's date. He doesn't mind playing hero now and then, when he has nothing better to do, but this date is certainly more important than any old crime-in-the-making. At least, it is in the Mask's opinion. Without a moment to spare, he makes his way to the café as a blur of yellow and white and green spinning out of control. He finds her seated at an outdoor table, slouched over the table for two and looking over the selection of coffees and pastries displayed on the menu resting between her elbows. Not a second later, he's seated across from her, grinning broadly and waggling his eyebrows at her. He's delighted to see her jerk back and gasp, placing a hand over her heart. \"Can I help you?\" she inquires, her brow knitting together as she looks the strange green-faced man up and down. \"Oh yes,\" he practically purrs, rubbing the toe of his shoe against her ankle. She doesn't hesitate to kick his foot away and push back from the table. \"Look, I'm waiting for somebody.\" \"You are a saucy flirt,\" he says. \"And you're seriously rude,\" she retorts. \"Screw off, will you?\" \"Right here? In public?\" he feigns bashfulness, covering his mouth with one hand. Then he shrugs and grins wickedly, and there's the sound of a zipper being undone. \"If you insist!\" \"Ugh, you pig!\" She says, making a face and finally standing. \"Get away from me!\" She's leaving! \"Oh, no. Not you again,\" the Mask says with a roll of his eyes. Skye stares at him, one eyebrow cocked. \"Excuse me?\" \"Not you, dollface.\" He then proceeds to pull a mirror out of his pocket and glower at his reflection. \"Mind your business!\" This is my business! And that's when Stanley manages to take control once more, his hold weak but strong enough to cause the Mask to freeze up and drop the mirror. \"C-crap,\" the Mask winces as the body is forced to stand. \"You can't d-do this!\" Oh, yes, I can, Stanley murmurs smugly. Now move it! Reluctantly, the body staggers away, the Mask cursing under his breath all the while. Once mind gets body into a dark alley, the Mask slumps against a wall and Stanley allows him to put a hand to his head, massaging a temple. \"That was dirty, Stan,\" he mumbles, as he cracks his neck and rolls his shoulders to work the kinks Stanley's retaliation caused. And moving in on my date wasn't? Stanley scoffs. \"Call it saving face,\" the Mask retorts with a grin. Sure. And speaking of faces... The hands come up and reach for the back of the head, fingers digging in under a layer of that strange green second skin. The Mask shouts in protest as Stanley breaks free of its hold, taking a deep breath and running a hand over his face. \"You're more trouble than you're worth,\" he mumbles, glaring at the wooden mask in his hand, casting green reflections as the sunlight plays across its surface. His mind is silent and he sighs in relief as he tucks the mask away inside the inner pocket of his jacket, then leaves the alley in a hurry, hoping Skye will still be at the café waiting for him. Though, if she decided to run off, he will completely understand. He is exceedingly grateful to find her waiting for him, and he apologizes for being late. She tells him not to worry, that it's only been ten minutes or so, then proceeds to inform him of the green-faced man that had been flirting with her mere moments ago. He chuckles nervously as she says the Mask a creep and a sleaze and she hopes she never sees him again. And Stanley Ipkiss has never been happier to change the subject. Neither of them really believe in fate, or that destiny is something scripted and that everyone has a role to fill and play, but she's starting to believe in coincidences and irony. She stares at him, eyes wide and mouth hanging open slightly as the whirlwind dies down and the Mask becomes Stanley once again. He is oblivious to her presence for all but a second, then stumbles backward and nearly into a dumpster, eyes equally wide and heart pounding. This it, he thinks. The end of everything he had been working so hard to obtain. \"Skye,\" he chokes out, fingering the knot of his tie which suddenly seems too tight. Which is just fine, because he wouldn't mind having a noose right about now. \"I - I can't explain.\" He hides the mask behind his back. She clears her throat quietly as she steps into the alley and makes her way to him somewhat cautiously. \"You? You're that - ?\" He slumps his shoulders and hangs his head, leaning against the dirty wall behind him, bringing the mask out into view once more. \"One and the same. Sort of.\" She reaches for the mask, and, against his better judgement, lets her take it. \"This is... Holy shit,\" she whispers, looking from the woodwork to Stanley's face again. Not a second later she shoves the mask back against his chest roughly, causing him to let out a quiet grunt of surprise, while the Mask muses in the back of his mind, ooh, baby, you know I like it rough! \"You asshole! You were holding out on me this whole time!\" Stanley can only cock his head to the side and stare at her in confusion. \"W-what?\" \"I knew there was something up with you and your weird fixation on that damn mask! I just never thought you'd actually own the friggen thing!\" she exclaims, throwing her arms up in the air. \"I - I didn't think it'd be a good idea to tell you about it – and – \" \"And nothing, Stan!\" she snaps, then takes a breath to calm herself down as much as she can. She glares at him for a few seconds before her eyes wander back to the mask clasped between his hands. She takes one more, deeper breath before saying, \"so... the mythology had a ring of truth after all. It really does give the wearer superhuman powers and removes all inhibitions.\" \"You could say that,\" Stanley says, unsure if he should be worried or relieved that she seems to have calmed down. He's dated firecracker-women before, so he knows it's very possible - and likely - that she could blow a fuse again at any given moment. \"It's a bit more complex than that, I think.\" \"Care to share the details over lunch?\" she asks, and he breathes a huge sigh of relief. \"If you don't mind horror stories,\" he says with a lopsided smirk. So he tells her his story over hot dogs and pepsi, as they stroll through a nearby park. He tells her how he found the mask in the harbor and almost every incident thereafter, and isn't in the least bit surprised to find her alternating between laughter and horrified gasps. Sometimes, he scares himself, too. And by the time he's finished, they've found themselves back in front of his apartment with the sun setting in the distance, and she leans up to kiss him on the lips softly. Not even the Mask reacts, but Stanley's positive he heard the distinct sound of a bottom jaw unhinging and hitting the floor. \"What was that for?\" he asks quietly. \"For being such an interesting guy,\" Skye says with a wink. You? Interesting? Now that's a first, the Mask drawls. \"Oh, come on,\" Stanley murmurs bashfully. \"I mean it, Stanley. I've never met a guy like you before,\" she pauses and grins at him, glancing to the lump the mask makes in his jacket. \"Either of you.\" \"I thought you thought the Mask was a sleaze and a creep?\" I knew she'd come around. \"Don't get me wrong, I do,\" she says with a roll of her eyes. \"But even so, you have to admit he's really something else. I mean, he's practically a living artifact.\" Stanley can't help but grimace. She assures him with her everything that it's just for research and there's no ulterior motive, and he sighs and agrees because he just can't say no to her. And for the first time in a long time, he closes his eyes as he puts the mask to his face and lets his alter ego take over. From there, things seem to only get stranger as Stanley remains quiet in the back of the Mask's mind and the anti-hero of Edge City flirts and woos with some success. A laugh, a smile, a blush on Skye's part, and Stanley knows his whole relationship with her has been thrown off whack. As the days go by, Stanley finds himself competing with the Mask for her affection. She assures the banker that she has no interest in the Mask, at least not in that sense, but that doesn't stop her from asking for his company or reverting back into a giggling school girl whenever he's around. One day the Mask is going in for the kill, an exaggerated bouquet made up of out-of-this-world flowers shaped like hearts and puckered lips. She accepts, only to find the flowers lift off the stems, the hearts exploding like small firecrackers and the lips planting burning kisses wherever they may land. She laughs and blushes and waves away the pink dust left behind after everything has vanished, but something inside knots up and her heart skips a beat when the Mask suddenly has her in his arms, dipped. \"That's how you make me feel, babe,\" he purrs. \"Like fireworks and kisses?\" she laughs, cautiously wrapping her arms around him. \"Like explosions and burns,\" he says darkly before pushing his lips to hers. And when it's Stanley's turn again, he takes the day off work and spends those few precious extra hours wandering the city and collecting some of the most expensive flowers he can find. Later, when Skye comes over, he presents the flowers to her, and she squeals in delight before wrapping her arms around him and kissing him full on the mouth. \"They're beautiful,\" she breathes as she pulls away, bringing the assortment to her face and inhaling the mingling scents. \"Really?\" he asks, smiling crookedly, \"even if they can't, you know, turn into things that explode or give you kisses?\" She laughs softly. \"Really.\" Stanley gnaws on his bottom lip for a moment, then gently takes the flowers from her and sets them down on the coffee table before pulling her close. \"How do I make you feel?\" he whispers, brushing her hair out of her face. She cups a cheek and thumbs his bottom lip. \"Like no other, silly.\" Then he sees her glance at the mask as it lays beside the flowers, and can't help but ask: \"Explosions and burns?\" Pulling her gaze away from the antique, she shakes her head. \"Fireworks and kisses,\" she corrects him. There was a difference at first, a definitive line between the two, but now she's not so sure. It's been months and suddenly it's hard to tell Stanley apart from the Mask, and the Mask apart from Stanley. That line grows finer each time the Mask begs for her attention, quite literally pawing and panting after her like a lovesick puppy; each time Stanley says something a little too bold that makes the butterflies trapped within her ribcage flutter a little harder. She voices her concern one day to Stanley, and he waves the notion off, saying she's probably only imagining it. But she knows that even he fears losing himself entirely to the Mask, and she watches him suddenly grow quiet, losing all interest in the movie they rented. Deep down inside he knows she's on the right track, and he fears this is a one-way ride because God knows he's tried to be himself but the more he pushes, the more the Mask pulls. Or is it: the more the Mask pushes, the more Stanley pulls? Somewhere along the way, it stopped mattering. It's going out on a limb, she decides, but she informs the Mask one night of how she feels that line that separates Stanley from himself is being blurred. Her suspicion is confirmed when he says nothing to defend himself. He merely sits there, somber and staring at her with deep brown eyes that suddenly seem like they go on into forever. She's used to eyes that reflect nothing but mischief and mayhem and chaos, eyes that could have been made of lines and ink and pastel colors. She's never seen him so motionless, this near-mad man who rarely, if ever, stands still long enough to blink twice in the same place. And in the time in takes for him to reach over and pull her hand up to his mouth, pressing green lips to the pale flesh of her knuckles, she decides this is too much. This is wrong, and enough is enough. The break up is anything but easy. She takes him to the library, to the dark hall where they first met and presses him into the corner, head bowed, eyes unable to meet his – if only because she doesn't know those eyes anymore. \"We have to talk,\" she says the four words that every significant other dreads and he sighs, leaning back against the wall. He says nothing as she spills everything to him; how much she loves him and how, even if he denies it, she knows the personalities are mingling and she's losing both of them to the other – how this isn't what she wants anymore. The tears are finally streaking their way down her cheeks and she slaps his hand away, shaking her head. \"Don't. Just tell me you understand.\" A part of him does and a part of him doesn't, and he can't figure out which of those halves are really him. He shakes his head, running a hand through his hair. \"Not really, Skye.\" The part of her that isn't entirely as mature as she would like it to be forces her to whine and stomp a foot against the floor in frustration. \"This is tearing you apart!\" she snaps. \"Being with me is tearing you apart, and I refuse to let that happen.\" She starts to back up with every intention of walking away and never looking back. \"Wait – \" \"Look me up when you've straightened yourself out.\" It takes several more months before Stanley's head is clear and he and the Mask are separate personalities again. But just because his little amalgamation problem has been fixed, does not mean his relationship problem is just as easily solved. He doesn't seek her out, though he knows where to find her, what numbers to call to reach her, but he doesn't bother. Now that he's gone through the process of separating his personality from the Mask's, he's afraid being with her again will only cause the same thing to happen yet again. And he doesn't want that, for her sake and his; it took a toll on both of them and he'd be insane to subject them to it all over again just because he's still in love with her. Nice guys really do finish last, huh, chump? the Mask drawls sneeringly. \"So what?\" Stanley mumbles, laying down on the sofa and holding the mask above his head, face-to-face – a habit he's developed whenever his other half feels the need to speak up for more than a few passing seconds at a time. So, I'm not about to let you roll over and die like this. \"Since when do you care?\" The Mask chooses not to answer that question in particular. \"I thought so. Well what do you suggest I do?\" and Stanley rolls his eyes because he has a pretty good guess. \"Get dressed and go clubbing? I don't think so.\" No, I suggest you haul ass and go get your girl back, moron. Stanley laughs hollowly. \"Oh, sure. I'll just march up to her and tell her all the kinks have been worked out. She'll jump at the chance to be with me again.\" The Mask snarls. If you won't do it, I will. And for the first time, Stanley's arms aren't in his control and he has to fight to keep from placing the mask to his face. \"Are you insane?\" Possibly. But that's not the topic at hand. \"S-stop it!\" Stanley grunts, turning his face away as his own hands bring the mask closer. But the Mask's will is stronger, and after the miniature thunderstorm dies down, he runs over to the library faster than humanly possible. It doesn't take long for him to find her, up on a ladder and placing old romance novels on the top shelves. He wolf-whistles, a sound that makes her look down, lose her footing and fall – right into his open arms. He waggles his eyebrows and grins. \"Did you miss me?\" She stares up at him with wide-eyes. \"Mask?\" \"The one and only,\" he winks. She wriggles out of his arms and adjusts her skirt once she's standing again. \"It's... good to see you again,\" she says softly. \"How have you been?\" \"I've been getting by,\" he says nonchalantly, \"but Stanley on the other hand – \" \"What about him?\" Skye inquires, suddenly playing her hands together and the Mask knows he's got her bagged. \"Total wreck without you. He's been slacking at work, boring at home – I think he's even been skipping showers,\" he whispers the last part, then waves a hand in front of his face. \"If he weren't already so much of a pussy, I'd say he grew a mangina 'cause of you.\" She laughs and blushes, then clears her throat. \"Why are you here, Mask?\" \"To get you two crazy kids back together so he can stop moping around. Ever try going to the Coco Bongo and having fun when your other half manifests its misery in the form of a rain cloud that follows you wherever you go? So not fun!\" She's still smiling when she leans forward and pulls him closer by his tie. \"No more merging?\" she asks. \"You kiddin'? That was the worse experience of my life!\" He waves the notion away, and then the grin softens into a crooked smile. \"Besides, it took you putting him through the wringer for us realize that while I love you, he's in love with you.\" He hadn't known she could smile any wider, but seeing her expression makes him grin again. \"I love you, too,\" she says with a chuckle. And suddenly he's holding a hand out to her, pinkie extended, clad in a skimpy school girl's uniform, bad make up and worse hair completing the get-up. \"Omigod,\" he squeal, voice pitched to sound feminine, \"like, B.F.F?\" She entwines her pinky with his. \"Forever,\" she promises, and when their hands part and he's dressed in his usual yellow suit once more, he reaches up and pulls the mask from his face. For the first time, it doesn't scream. When it's just Skye and Stanley, he starts to stammer and apologize, but she silences him with a kiss to his lips. And when they break apart, he smirks at her. \"You're sure about this?\" \"Mhmm. I think we'll all get along just fine now.\" -End","LastChapter":"Disclaimer: I own nothing except this fic. A/N: There are some vague comic/movie references, as well as the incorporation of the comic's slightly darker feel. Oh, and a hint of Joker/Mask. The Ties that Bind He supposes it's curiosity that has led him here, to the Edge City library's dusty aisles and darker hallways. He's fairly certain this is where the old woman at the front desk directed him to, assuring him he would find what he was looking for, documentation and books on old Norse mythology, here. But these halls seem deserted, and he has a sick feeling, if the flickering lights and cobwebs are any indication, that not many people venture this far into the library. In fact, he is pretty sure he isn't even supposed to be here. All in all, this will likely turn out to be just another fine mess that zoot-suited trouble-maker will have gotten him into – which is a feat, Stanley will admit, considering the Mask has had no real influence on the situation at hand; this is all Stanley and his sheer and sudden urge to understand his alter-ego a little bit better. At the sound of footsteps, slow and cautious behind him, Stanley wastes no time in ducking into the nearest corridor, breath hitching. There's a door behind him and he fumbles with the knob, only to hear the sound of the lock never relenting its hold. \"Damn,\" he curses under his breath, then closes his eyes and forces himself to relax. The click-clack of high heels on marble has come to a stop, and he wonders if he maybe imagined it. Lately, as his connection to the Mask has become regrettably stronger, he has had a habit of hearing a second pair of footsteps follow him wherever he goes, among other things. Yeah, he thinks, that had to have been it – his mind playing tricks on him again. But Stanley Ipkiss has been wrong before. Many times, in fact. \"You do know you shouldn't be down here, right?\" says a voice that makes him snap his attention to the end of the short passageway. There's a young woman standing there, one hand on her hip, the other cradling folders and books to her chest. Of course, he should have realized the Mask does not often opt for women's footwear, unless the time calls for such. Combing his fingers through his hair as he steps forward, a shy, sheepish smile on his lips, he says, \"I... think I took a wrong turn somewhere over there.\" He points down the vast hallway, then furrows his brow as he points in the opposite direction, unsure of where he was going and where he came from anymore, \"or over there. I'm not really sure.\" The girl rolls her eyes. \"Whatever. Come on,\" she says, turning on her heel and starting on her way to lead him back into the main halls. \"Wait! Maybe you can help me?\" he asks as he follows obediently. \"I was looking for some information on Norse mythology? Preferably on Loki? The woman at the front desk said I'd find it somewhere in the back and – \" She chuckles and tucks a lock of her dark hair behind an ear. \"I think she meant somewhere in the back aisles . That's where all of our older stuff is.\" \"Oh,\" he mumbles quietly, a blush forming on his cheeks. Nice one, that unmistakable voice jeers from somewhere in the back of his mind, making Stanley wince and place the heel of his palm to his forehead. \"You alright?\" the archivist asks, cocking an eyebrow at the older man. \"Fine,\" he quickly replies. \"Just,\" he points to his head and rolls his eyes, \"a headache. Nothing to worry about.\" She buys it, and moves on to something she feels is more important. \"Norse mythology, right?\" \"Right.\" And she intends to send him on his way minutes later with an armful of books; The Poetic Edda: Translated from the Icelandic with an Introduction and Notes by Henry Adams Bellows , \" The God Loki from Snaptun\" as collected in Oldtidens Ansigt: Faces of the Past by Hans Jørgen Madsen , and Norse Mythology: A Guide to the Gods, Heroes, Rituals, and Beliefs by John Lindow are among the many titles she's recommended. \"Thank you, Miss...?\" She rolls her eyes again and points to the name tag on her blouse. He leans in to get a better, proper look, then winces once again at the sound of a klaxon blaring through his skull, followed by a wolf-whistle and heavy panting. Oh, bab-ay! sounds the alter-ego as Stanley's eyes venture lower to her breasts. She clears her throat, and when he looks up to her face once more she's clearly not amused by his prolonged glance at her name tag. \"Miss Larsen,\" Stanley says quickly, balancing the books awkwardly in one arm as he holds out his hand to her. \"Call me Skye. Miss makes me feel old,\" she tells him, accepting his hand and giving it a brief shake. \"Right,\" he mumbles, shifting the books into both arms again, straightening them out using his chin and chest. \"Well, thank you very much, Skye.\" \"Just doing my job, Mr...?\" \"Ipkiss. Stanley Ipkiss. Just Stanley'll do.\" \"Sure thing,\" she says, eyes wandering up and down his body briefly. He returns the once-over somewhat bashfully. \"I – I better go,\" he says, voice a little cracked, backing up slowly, fighting off the urge to thank her for a third time. \"Catch you on the flip side,\" Skye drawls, waving with her free hand before he turns on his heel and heads for the front desk to check his selection out, his stride clumsy as he tries to keep the books from toppling out of his grasp. You have no idea, babe. He reads through every book she gave him, cover-to-cover, in the course of a few days, and by the time he pushes the last away his mind is numbed and reeling with names like Baldr and Freyja and images of giant wolves and eight-legged horses. But for all it was worth, he finds no mention of the mask. \"Figures,\" he mumbles to himself, slumping back on the couch and scratching behind Milo's ear. The little dog whines as he comes closer and lays his head on his owner's lap, content to provide what little comfort he can in return for some attention. Stanley's hand stills on the Jack Russel as he glances at the wooden mask propped up on the coffee table. He can feel its pull, like a gravity, but, as he has for the last week or so, resists. He knows if he dons the mask, especially now with his mind warped and strained, nothing good will come of it; he will have no control and he will head over to the library in that dizzying whirlwind to do God-knows-what. A buzzer rings in his mind, the kind that sounds when a contestant on a cheesy game show gets the answer to a question wrong. You know exactly what'll happen. Stanley shakes his head. Milo whines. And you want it, too. \"I do not!\" Stanley snaps, glaring at the mask, and Milo's tail finds its way between his legs. Liar, liar, pants on fire! \"Just shut up,\" he mumbles, defeated, because he knows the Mask is right. The Mask is always right. But that doesn't mean Stanley is about to give in so easily this time. Oh, you are just no fun sometimes. \"Did you find what you were looking for, Stan?\" Skye asks as Stanley sets the pile of books down on the main desk. She doesn't notice the older man's cocked eyebrow and curious stare; a girl hasn't called him Stan since high school. \"A little,\" he says, then sucks on his teeth and shakes his head. \"No. Not at all, really.\" He smiles sheepishly at her, drumming his fingers against the polished wood. \"That sucks,\" she mumbles, busy putting the books aside one-by-one into the return pile. \"Yeah,\" Stanley says with a sigh, and he has yet to make any effort to leave. \"Out of pure curiosity,\" Skye asks once she's finished with his books, \"what were you looking for exactly?\" He rubs at the back of his neck. \"I... was hoping to find some information on this mask I heard about.\" \"Go on,\" she says, one eyebrow cocked as she leans over the desk, arms folded to prop herself up on her elbows. \"It belonged to Loki? Or something. I'm not really sure.\" She purses her lips and hums in thought, brow furrowed. Her eyes widen a few seconds later. \"You know, I think I read something like that while I was in college. About this mask that, like, could grant its wearer some sort of power and remove all inhibitions instilled by society.\" Hey, hey now. Don't make it all about me, baby. Let's talk about Skye Larsen. \"Yeah, that's the one,\" Stanley nods, closing his eyes and taking a breath to suppress that incredibly-hard-to-ignore-voice that decides to make itself known at the worst possible times. She cocks an eyebrow at him. \"How'd you hear about it? That's a story that's not on many shelves.\" \"Oh, you know... Heard it on the grapevine,\" he says. \"A buddy of mine's a mythology major and told me about it awhile go.\" She leans back and nods slowly. \"Uh huh.\" A coy smirk finds its way onto her lips before she walks around the desk to stand in front of him, now with nothing to separate them. \"You really wanna know the whole story?\" \"It'd be greatly appreciated,\" Stanley says, swallowing hard and bells and chimes and whistles are sounding in his head as though he's won some sort of prize. Apparently his other half senses something he is a little too naïve to pick up on, despite it being glaringly obvious. \"Then I guess I could call up my professor and ask for a copy of the manuscripts. You seem genuinely interested.\" Oh, we are. Stanley nods. \"That would be really, really wonderful.\" \"Your place. Friday. Say, seven o'clock?\" Skye inquires, head cocked to the side in a manner that seems almost coquettish, but Stanley may have been imagining that. The Mask knows better and there goes the klaxon again. He licks his bottom lip, adjusting the collar of his shirt as he asks, \"Miss Larsen, are you asking me out?\" \"Yes or no, slick,\" she muses. \"I got a job to get back to.\" Friday comes and Friday goes, and Skye leaves Stanley with a folder full of photocopied papers and pictures he has no real intention of looking at anymore. He is far more interested in the quirky library archivist, and the mask is not going anywhere for awhile to come. He has all the time he needs to skim through his personal copies of those rare documents. He spends the night wide awake with Milo sleeping beside him, kicking and growling as he dreams. The folder is forgotten in the living room on the coffee table, beside the mask, and his mind wanders away from the green-faced menace to the promise of Monday, when he will be meeting with her again. Strictly to speak of mythology and masks, of course. And who is he trying to kid? He has no intention of bringing up the mask again on Monday, and he has a feeling that neither does she. It's a coincidental common ground they share and have exploited and used to their advantage in order to get to know one another better. You know, as much I love all of this attention, I really hate being the third wheel. And there's malice and trickery in his voice. Stanley's stomach churns and knots. He does not trust the Mask one bit, so he resolves not to wear it again until the time is absolutely necessary – because while Gotham has its Batman, Edge City only has the Mask to rely on. Kellaway does an alright job, but the lieutenant is far too world-wary and caught up on catching the Mask now to really do his job right. Officer Doyle is of no help, either. Stanley Ipkiss decides he hates Mondays as he walks passed the alleyway near his apartment complex and sees some poor Joe – a lanky high school student – being backed into a corner and threatened by a thug in leather and donning a bandanna. He hears things like \"loan\" and \"pay up\"and winces when the distinct sound of a switchblade opening up graces his ears after the kid tells the gangster he has no money at the time. He could easily keep walking, pretend like he saw nothing and continue on his way to the café just a few blocks away where he's scheduled to meet Skye. He could, but he doesn't because it's his job as the unofficial anti-hero of Edge City to do something about this before another innocent somebody gets killed. So Stanley runs back to his apartment, fumbles with the keys and stumbles inside, nearly tripping over Milo on his way to the coffee table and the mask. He lifts it to his face slowly. \"Please, don't make me regret this,\" he whimpers before placing the woodwork over his face entirely. It expands and constricts and suffocates as the world spins out of control – or is that him spinning while the world stands still? No matter; when the spinning stops, he stands there with his perpetual shit-eating grin and bright yellow zoot-suit, adjusting his red and black tie. \"Would you look at the time?\" he muses before an alarm sounds on the over-sized watch suddenly around his wrist. \"This guy's worried about some boob's lunch money when he has a total babe waiting on him! Unbelievable!\" He clamps a hand over the watch and it disappears before he runs at superhuman speed outside. Only to find his legs stop working as he passes the alley, causing him to trip and stumble to the ground. He grits his teeth and narrows his eyes. \"Oh, no. We're doing this my way this time!\" And Stanley has to wonder: isn't always the Mask's way? Help the kid! \"He can take care of himself!\" Then his body is hoisted up and dragged reluctantly backward, head forced to look into the alley. He skews his face, seeing the kid now on his knees, shirt torn and the big guy in quite the curious position; pants down around his ankles, one hand on the kid's head. \"You'll pay with somethin' else till you can give back the money you owe me,\" the thug says, pushing his hips forward. \"Ew,\" the Mask grimaces and Stanley relinquishes his hold for the time being, trusting the Mask to oblige. Which he does, all be it reluctantly. \"Oopsie daisy. Looks like somebody was caught with his pants down!\" he jeers from behind the thug suddenly. The boy whirls around, switchblade at the ready, and the Mask skips backward, glancing downward amusedly. \"You know, I had no idea they came in that size,\" he muses, and when the leather-head lunges forward he grabs his wrist and slaps the knife from his hand. \"They have pills for guys like you,\" he continues on, then flips the guy over onto his back and holds him easily in place, pinned to the ground with a foot to his chest. He looks to the would-be-victim, huddled and wide-eyed. \"Get outta here,\" he says, jerking his thumb toward the entrance of the alley, putting on a Brooklyn accent. The kid scrambles away, practically shouting his thanks as he runs passed and away as fast as he can. \"Now, as for you,\" he turns his attention back to the thug on the ground, thrashing and struggling and cursing at him. Leaving his foot where it is, he moves a few feet away to pick up the discarded switchblade, leg stretching as he goes. He hop-skips back over and squats, waving the knife in front of the boy's sudden pale face. It only takes a second, and he walks away whistling as the boy writhes on the ground, not daring to move about too much – for too much movement may only cause the blade's handle to sink deeper into his anus. The moment he steps out of the alley, he finds his arms raising, hands reaching for the back of his head. He gasps, a loud and exaggerated intake of breath as he realizes what his other half is trying to do. \"Oh, no you don't!\" he snaps, taking control of one arm and using it to slap the other hand away from the base of his skull. I don't need you anymore! Stanley's hand reaches for the Mask's, pinching at a nerve that makes him screech. \"Who cares what you need?\" The Mask shakes the sting off, then makes another attempt to grab the other hand again. \"I gotta get my freak on!\" She doesn't know about you! You can't do that! \"Watch me,\" he grins wide, though grits his teeth a few seconds later as Stanley's arm continues to evade capture. \"Stanley, you're making this ve-ery difficult,\" he sing-songs maliciously, reaching behind his back. \"Whattaya say you take five, kiddo?\" Then he pulls an insanely large mallet out of nowhere and wastes no time in hitting himself in the head with it, silencing Stanley for the time being. Tiny animated twinkling stars encircle his head as he sinks, cross-eyed and tongue lolling out of the corner of his mouth, to the ground. The mallet has vanished without a trace. \"He'll feel that in the morning,\" he slurs before shaking his head, the stars disappearing with popping sounds as he stands himself up and brushes off his suit. He glances at his wrist, to that too-big watch again and notices he's already five minutes late for Stanley and Skye's date. He doesn't mind playing hero now and then, when he has nothing better to do, but this date is certainly more important than any old crime-in-the-making. At least, it is in the Mask's opinion. Without a moment to spare, he makes his way to the café as a blur of yellow and white and green spinning out of control. He finds her seated at an outdoor table, slouched over the table for two and looking over the selection of coffees and pastries displayed on the menu resting between her elbows. Not a second later, he's seated across from her, grinning broadly and waggling his eyebrows at her. He's delighted to see her jerk back and gasp, placing a hand over her heart. \"Can I help you?\" she inquires, her brow knitting together as she looks the strange green-faced man up and down. \"Oh yes,\" he practically purrs, rubbing the toe of his shoe against her ankle. She doesn't hesitate to kick his foot away and push back from the table. \"Look, I'm waiting for somebody.\" \"You are a saucy flirt,\" he says. \"And you're seriously rude,\" she retorts. \"Screw off, will you?\" \"Right here? In public?\" he feigns bashfulness, covering his mouth with one hand. Then he shrugs and grins wickedly, and there's the sound of a zipper being undone. \"If you insist!\" \"Ugh, you pig!\" She says, making a face and finally standing. \"Get away from me!\" She's leaving! \"Oh, no. Not you again,\" the Mask says with a roll of his eyes. Skye stares at him, one eyebrow cocked. \"Excuse me?\" \"Not you, dollface.\" He then proceeds to pull a mirror out of his pocket and glower at his reflection. \"Mind your business!\" This is my business! And that's when Stanley manages to take control once more, his hold weak but strong enough to cause the Mask to freeze up and drop the mirror. \"C-crap,\" the Mask winces as the body is forced to stand. \"You can't d-do this!\" Oh, yes, I can, Stanley murmurs smugly. Now move it! Reluctantly, the body staggers away, the Mask cursing under his breath all the while. Once mind gets body into a dark alley, the Mask slumps against a wall and Stanley allows him to put a hand to his head, massaging a temple. \"That was dirty, Stan,\" he mumbles, as he cracks his neck and rolls his shoulders to work the kinks Stanley's retaliation caused. And moving in on my date wasn't? Stanley scoffs. \"Call it saving face,\" the Mask retorts with a grin. Sure. And speaking of faces... The hands come up and reach for the back of the head, fingers digging in under a layer of that strange green second skin. The Mask shouts in protest as Stanley breaks free of its hold, taking a deep breath and running a hand over his face. \"You're more trouble than you're worth,\" he mumbles, glaring at the wooden mask in his hand, casting green reflections as the sunlight plays across its surface. His mind is silent and he sighs in relief as he tucks the mask away inside the inner pocket of his jacket, then leaves the alley in a hurry, hoping Skye will still be at the café waiting for him. Though, if she decided to run off, he will completely understand. He is exceedingly grateful to find her waiting for him, and he apologizes for being late. She tells him not to worry, that it's only been ten minutes or so, then proceeds to inform him of the green-faced man that had been flirting with her mere moments ago. He chuckles nervously as she says the Mask a creep and a sleaze and she hopes she never sees him again. And Stanley Ipkiss has never been happier to change the subject. Neither of them really believe in fate, or that destiny is something scripted and that everyone has a role to fill and play, but she's starting to believe in coincidences and irony. She stares at him, eyes wide and mouth hanging open slightly as the whirlwind dies down and the Mask becomes Stanley once again. He is oblivious to her presence for all but a second, then stumbles backward and nearly into a dumpster, eyes equally wide and heart pounding. This it, he thinks. The end of everything he had been working so hard to obtain. \"Skye,\" he chokes out, fingering the knot of his tie which suddenly seems too tight. Which is just fine, because he wouldn't mind having a noose right about now. \"I - I can't explain.\" He hides the mask behind his back. She clears her throat quietly as she steps into the alley and makes her way to him somewhat cautiously. \"You? You're that - ?\" He slumps his shoulders and hangs his head, leaning against the dirty wall behind him, bringing the mask out into view once more. \"One and the same. Sort of.\" She reaches for the mask, and, against his better judgement, lets her take it. \"This is... Holy shit,\" she whispers, looking from the woodwork to Stanley's face again. Not a second later she shoves the mask back against his chest roughly, causing him to let out a quiet grunt of surprise, while the Mask muses in the back of his mind, ooh, baby, you know I like it rough! \"You asshole! You were holding out on me this whole time!\" Stanley can only cock his head to the side and stare at her in confusion. \"W-what?\" \"I knew there was something up with you and your weird fixation on that damn mask! I just never thought you'd actually own the friggen thing!\" she exclaims, throwing her arms up in the air. \"I - I didn't think it'd be a good idea to tell you about it – and – \" \"And nothing, Stan!\" she snaps, then takes a breath to calm herself down as much as she can. She glares at him for a few seconds before her eyes wander back to the mask clasped between his hands. She takes one more, deeper breath before saying, \"so... the mythology had a ring of truth after all. It really does give the wearer superhuman powers and removes all inhibitions.\" \"You could say that,\" Stanley says, unsure if he should be worried or relieved that she seems to have calmed down. He's dated firecracker-women before, so he knows it's very possible - and likely - that she could blow a fuse again at any given moment. \"It's a bit more complex than that, I think.\" \"Care to share the details over lunch?\" she asks, and he breathes a huge sigh of relief. \"If you don't mind horror stories,\" he says with a lopsided smirk. So he tells her his story over hot dogs and pepsi, as they stroll through a nearby park. He tells her how he found the mask in the harbor and almost every incident thereafter, and isn't in the least bit surprised to find her alternating between laughter and horrified gasps. Sometimes, he scares himself, too. And by the time he's finished, they've found themselves back in front of his apartment with the sun setting in the distance, and she leans up to kiss him on the lips softly. Not even the Mask reacts, but Stanley's positive he heard the distinct sound of a bottom jaw unhinging and hitting the floor. \"What was that for?\" he asks quietly. \"For being such an interesting guy,\" Skye says with a wink. You? Interesting? Now that's a first, the Mask drawls. \"Oh, come on,\" Stanley murmurs bashfully. \"I mean it, Stanley. I've never met a guy like you before,\" she pauses and grins at him, glancing to the lump the mask makes in his jacket. \"Either of you.\" \"I thought you thought the Mask was a sleaze and a creep?\" I knew she'd come around. \"Don't get me wrong, I do,\" she says with a roll of her eyes. \"But even so, you have to admit he's really something else. I mean, he's practically a living artifact.\" Stanley can't help but grimace. She assures him with her everything that it's just for research and there's no ulterior motive, and he sighs and agrees because he just can't say no to her. And for the first time in a long time, he closes his eyes as he puts the mask to his face and lets his alter ego take over. From there, things seem to only get stranger as Stanley remains quiet in the back of the Mask's mind and the anti-hero of Edge City flirts and woos with some success. A laugh, a smile, a blush on Skye's part, and Stanley knows his whole relationship with her has been thrown off whack. As the days go by, Stanley finds himself competing with the Mask for her affection. She assures the banker that she has no interest in the Mask, at least not in that sense, but that doesn't stop her from asking for his company or reverting back into a giggling school girl whenever he's around. One day the Mask is going in for the kill, an exaggerated bouquet made up of out-of-this-world flowers shaped like hearts and puckered lips. She accepts, only to find the flowers lift off the stems, the hearts exploding like small firecrackers and the lips planting burning kisses wherever they may land. She laughs and blushes and waves away the pink dust left behind after everything has vanished, but something inside knots up and her heart skips a beat when the Mask suddenly has her in his arms, dipped. \"That's how you make me feel, babe,\" he purrs. \"Like fireworks and kisses?\" she laughs, cautiously wrapping her arms around him. \"Like explosions and burns,\" he says darkly before pushing his lips to hers. And when it's Stanley's turn again, he takes the day off work and spends those few precious extra hours wandering the city and collecting some of the most expensive flowers he can find. Later, when Skye comes over, he presents the flowers to her, and she squeals in delight before wrapping her arms around him and kissing him full on the mouth. \"They're beautiful,\" she breathes as she pulls away, bringing the assortment to her face and inhaling the mingling scents. \"Really?\" he asks, smiling crookedly, \"even if they can't, you know, turn into things that explode or give you kisses?\" She laughs softly. \"Really.\" Stanley gnaws on his bottom lip for a moment, then gently takes the flowers from her and sets them down on the coffee table before pulling her close. \"How do I make you feel?\" he whispers, brushing her hair out of her face. She cups a cheek and thumbs his bottom lip. \"Like no other, silly.\" Then he sees her glance at the mask as it lays beside the flowers, and can't help but ask: \"Explosions and burns?\" Pulling her gaze away from the antique, she shakes her head. \"Fireworks and kisses,\" she corrects him. There was a difference at first, a definitive line between the two, but now she's not so sure. It's been months and suddenly it's hard to tell Stanley apart from the Mask, and the Mask apart from Stanley. That line grows finer each time the Mask begs for her attention, quite literally pawing and panting after her like a lovesick puppy; each time Stanley says something a little too bold that makes the butterflies trapped within her ribcage flutter a little harder. She voices her concern one day to Stanley, and he waves the notion off, saying she's probably only imagining it. But she knows that even he fears losing himself entirely to the Mask, and she watches him suddenly grow quiet, losing all interest in the movie they rented. Deep down inside he knows she's on the right track, and he fears this is a one-way ride because God knows he's tried to be himself but the more he pushes, the more the Mask pulls. Or is it: the more the Mask pushes, the more Stanley pulls? Somewhere along the way, it stopped mattering. It's going out on a limb, she decides, but she informs the Mask one night of how she feels that line that separates Stanley from himself is being blurred. Her suspicion is confirmed when he says nothing to defend himself. He merely sits there, somber and staring at her with deep brown eyes that suddenly seem like they go on into forever. She's used to eyes that reflect nothing but mischief and mayhem and chaos, eyes that could have been made of lines and ink and pastel colors. She's never seen him so motionless, this near-mad man who rarely, if ever, stands still long enough to blink twice in the same place. And in the time in takes for him to reach over and pull her hand up to his mouth, pressing green lips to the pale flesh of her knuckles, she decides this is too much. This is wrong, and enough is enough. The break up is anything but easy. She takes him to the library, to the dark hall where they first met and presses him into the corner, head bowed, eyes unable to meet his – if only because she doesn't know those eyes anymore. \"We have to talk,\" she says the four words that every significant other dreads and he sighs, leaning back against the wall. He says nothing as she spills everything to him; how much she loves him and how, even if he denies it, she knows the personalities are mingling and she's losing both of them to the other – how this isn't what she wants anymore. The tears are finally streaking their way down her cheeks and she slaps his hand away, shaking her head. \"Don't. Just tell me you understand.\" A part of him does and a part of him doesn't, and he can't figure out which of those halves are really him. He shakes his head, running a hand through his hair. \"Not really, Skye.\" The part of her that isn't entirely as mature as she would like it to be forces her to whine and stomp a foot against the floor in frustration. \"This is tearing you apart!\" she snaps. \"Being with me is tearing you apart, and I refuse to let that happen.\" She starts to back up with every intention of walking away and never looking back. \"Wait – \" \"Look me up when you've straightened yourself out.\" It takes several more months before Stanley's head is clear and he and the Mask are separate personalities again. But just because his little amalgamation problem has been fixed, does not mean his relationship problem is just as easily solved. He doesn't seek her out, though he knows where to find her, what numbers to call to reach her, but he doesn't bother. Now that he's gone through the process of separating his personality from the Mask's, he's afraid being with her again will only cause the same thing to happen yet again. And he doesn't want that, for her sake and his; it took a toll on both of them and he'd be insane to subject them to it all over again just because he's still in love with her. Nice guys really do finish last, huh, chump? the Mask drawls sneeringly. \"So what?\" Stanley mumbles, laying down on the sofa and holding the mask above his head, face-to-face – a habit he's developed whenever his other half feels the need to speak up for more than a few passing seconds at a time. So, I'm not about to let you roll over and die like this. \"Since when do you care?\" The Mask chooses not to answer that question in particular. \"I thought so. Well what do you suggest I do?\" and Stanley rolls his eyes because he has a pretty good guess. \"Get dressed and go clubbing? I don't think so.\" No, I suggest you haul ass and go get your girl back, moron. Stanley laughs hollowly. \"Oh, sure. I'll just march up to her and tell her all the kinks have been worked out. She'll jump at the chance to be with me again.\" The Mask snarls. If you won't do it, I will. And for the first time, Stanley's arms aren't in his control and he has to fight to keep from placing the mask to his face. \"Are you insane?\" Possibly. But that's not the topic at hand. \"S-stop it!\" Stanley grunts, turning his face away as his own hands bring the mask closer. But the Mask's will is stronger, and after the miniature thunderstorm dies down, he runs over to the library faster than humanly possible. It doesn't take long for him to find her, up on a ladder and placing old romance novels on the top shelves. He wolf-whistles, a sound that makes her look down, lose her footing and fall – right into his open arms. He waggles his eyebrows and grins. \"Did you miss me?\" She stares up at him with wide-eyes. \"Mask?\" \"The one and only,\" he winks. She wriggles out of his arms and adjusts her skirt once she's standing again. \"It's... good to see you again,\" she says softly. \"How have you been?\" \"I've been getting by,\" he says nonchalantly, \"but Stanley on the other hand – \" \"What about him?\" Skye inquires, suddenly playing her hands together and the Mask knows he's got her bagged. \"Total wreck without you. He's been slacking at work, boring at home – I think he's even been skipping showers,\" he whispers the last part, then waves a hand in front of his face. \"If he weren't already so much of a pussy, I'd say he grew a mangina 'cause of you.\" She laughs and blushes, then clears her throat. \"Why are you here, Mask?\" \"To get you two crazy kids back together so he can stop moping around. Ever try going to the Coco Bongo and having fun when your other half manifests its misery in the form of a rain cloud that follows you wherever you go? So not fun!\" She's still smiling when she leans forward and pulls him closer by his tie. \"No more merging?\" she asks. \"You kiddin'? That was the worse experience of my life!\" He waves the notion away, and then the grin softens into a crooked smile. \"Besides, it took you putting him through the wringer for us realize that while I love you, he's in love with you.\" He hadn't known she could smile any wider, but seeing her expression makes him grin again. \"I love you, too,\" she says with a chuckle. And suddenly he's holding a hand out to her, pinkie extended, clad in a skimpy school girl's uniform, bad make up and worse hair completing the get-up. \"Omigod,\" he squeal, voice pitched to sound feminine, \"like, B.F.F?\" She entwines her pinky with his. \"Forever,\" she promises, and when their hands part and he's dressed in his usual yellow suit once more, he reaches up and pulls the mask from his face. For the first time, it doesn't scream. When it's just Skye and Stanley, he starts to stammer and apologize, but she silences him with a kiss to his lips. And when they break apart, he smirks at her. \"You're sure about this?\" \"Mhmm. I think we'll all get along just fine now.\" -End","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing except this fic. A/N: There are some vague comic/movie references, as wel","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  M - English - Drama Romance -  Stanley I. The Mask  - Words: 6,457 - Reviews: 7 - Favs: 33 - Follows: 5 - Published: 3 13 2009 - Status: Complete - id: 4921146 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Bride of The Mask","Author":"OkdroMasterOfRunes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4644782","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bride of The Mask By: Okdro, Master of Runes Disclaimer: I don't own The Mask: The Animated Series or anything related to it. The only things I own is my out of control ideas, my laziness and my bad talents at writing. And this is the first fic I have ever writen. So if you're gonna review be nice okay. This story follows Peggy in the time after the loss of Stanley to the anti-aging creme in the \"Little Big Mask\" episode. Author's Notes: If you haven't then I would suggest that you see the \"Little Big Mask\" episode to understand this better. Chapter 1 : The Pain of Loss She didn't know what to do. About the same time yesterday she was just taking a walk, thinking about where she could get her next big scoop, when a boy on a skate bumped into her and she found herself on the pavement. \"Hey, next time watch where you're going junior,\" Peggy Brandt said. \"Yeah, I-I will Peggy, uh I mean Ms. Brandt, uh um ma'am,\" the boy said. After taking a closer look she realised the boy looked quite familiar, and adding that the boy knew her knew her name she took a wild guess. \"Stanley, is that you... What happened?\" From there everything happened fast. Stanley told her that The Mask had made a youth creme and that it worked too. His optimism, however, quickly ended as they found out that he was still getting younger by the moment, and feared that it might not stop. And it all lead to now, as Peggy watched in frustrated panic as Baby-Stanley slowly became younger and younger. She was sitting in a private room at the hospital trying to think of anything that might save Stanley before it was too late. The antidote they made was probably halfway through the sewers by now and didn't have time to make a new one. She looked up and saw Stanley playing with some handkerchiefs and felt hope sparkle as she got one last and desperate idea. She hurried over to him, took a handkerchief and was just about to try wiping the creme off of him when the unthikable happened. He disappeared. Stanley Ipkiss disappeared into thin air as if though he had never existed, the only thing left of him the diaper he was wearing. Peggy stood there with wide eyes as shock and terror ran through her before she fell to her knees crying. \"I'm sorry Stanley,\" she whispered through sobs. \"I tried everything I could, I really did, but it wasn't enough.\" She cried like that for a few minutes before she stood up, and tried to gather herself enough to get out of the hospital without awakening too much suspicion. The last thing she needed was someone asking her what was wrong. She was only half succesful. She wiped away the remaining tears and was about turn and leave when she rembered The Mask. She looked around and found it where she left it. She took the piece of wood and stared into its hollow eyes. \"Now that you are gone Stanley, I will take responsibility of The Mask and make sure that all that you fought for will not be in vain, and all that is worth fighting for is met head on,\" she silently said to herself, tears threatening to come out again. \"I swear it.\" She put The Mask inside of her jacket pocket, turned around and began the long walk home in silent mourning. To be continued Author's Notes: Reviews are welcome, but I don't wanna hear about any OOC. This will become a crossover, but with what I don't know. If you want me to continue this story then say it. It might help with my motivation. I'd love to get suggestions to plots, new characters and such. If I like it then I'll try to post it. Later","LastChapter":"Bride of The Mask By: Okdro, Master of Runes Disclaimer: I don't own The Mask: The Animated Series or anything related to it. The only things I own is my out of control ideas, my laziness and my bad talents at writing. And this is the first fic I have ever writen. So if you're gonna review be nice okay. This story follows Peggy in the time after the loss of Stanley to the anti-aging creme in the \"Little Big Mask\" episode. Author's Notes: If you haven't then I would suggest that you see the \"Little Big Mask\" episode to understand this better. Chapter 1 : The Pain of Loss She didn't know what to do. About the same time yesterday she was just taking a walk, thinking about where she could get her next big scoop, when a boy on a skate bumped into her and she found herself on the pavement. \"Hey, next time watch where you're going junior,\" Peggy Brandt said. \"Yeah, I-I will Peggy, uh I mean Ms. Brandt, uh um ma'am,\" the boy said. After taking a closer look she realised the boy looked quite familiar, and adding that the boy knew her knew her name she took a wild guess. \"Stanley, is that you... What happened?\" From there everything happened fast. Stanley told her that The Mask had made a youth creme and that it worked too. His optimism, however, quickly ended as they found out that he was still getting younger by the moment, and feared that it might not stop. And it all lead to now, as Peggy watched in frustrated panic as Baby-Stanley slowly became younger and younger. She was sitting in a private room at the hospital trying to think of anything that might save Stanley before it was too late. The antidote they made was probably halfway through the sewers by now and didn't have time to make a new one. She looked up and saw Stanley playing with some handkerchiefs and felt hope sparkle as she got one last and desperate idea. She hurried over to him, took a handkerchief and was just about to try wiping the creme off of him when the unthikable happened. He disappeared. Stanley Ipkiss disappeared into thin air as if though he had never existed, the only thing left of him the diaper he was wearing. Peggy stood there with wide eyes as shock and terror ran through her before she fell to her knees crying. \"I'm sorry Stanley,\" she whispered through sobs. \"I tried everything I could, I really did, but it wasn't enough.\" She cried like that for a few minutes before she stood up, and tried to gather herself enough to get out of the hospital without awakening too much suspicion. The last thing she needed was someone asking her what was wrong. She was only half succesful. She wiped away the remaining tears and was about turn and leave when she rembered The Mask. She looked around and found it where she left it. She took the piece of wood and stared into its hollow eyes. \"Now that you are gone Stanley, I will take responsibility of The Mask and make sure that all that you fought for will not be in vain, and all that is worth fighting for is met head on,\" she silently said to herself, tears threatening to come out again. \"I swear it.\" She put The Mask inside of her jacket pocket, turned around and began the long walk home in silent mourning. To be continued Author's Notes: Reviews are welcome, but I don't wanna hear about any OOC. This will become a crossover, but with what I don't know. If you want me to continue this story then say it. It might help with my motivation. I'd love to get suggestions to plots, new characters and such. If I like it then I'll try to post it. Later","Summary":" Bride of The Mask By: Okdro, Master of Runes Disclaimer: I don't own The Mask: The Animated Series ","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Adventure -  Peggy B.  - Words: 673 - Reviews: 12 - Favs: 5 - Follows: 7 - Published: 11 9 2008 - id: 4644782 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"The Mask, Or:","Author":"BoxOfScraps","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6161450","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Stanley Ipkiss, resident loser of Edge City, looked down at the mask he'd recently squired via the river when his piece of crap car gave out on him. The mangy piece of wood somehow glimmered in the light, however that happens, magic or whatever. He raised it to his face and there was some slight suction. Shocked, he pulled out quickly (Ha ha! Innuendo!) and stared at the mask for a few seconds before finally putting it on his face. The mask sucked onto his head and latched onto it. Stanley turned and clawed at the mask as he shouted, and eventually spun around the room at full force, like a freaky human tornado. When he stopped, he was completely transformed. He now had a green face, yellow suit and bald head. He posed and smiled. \"Somebody stop me!\" \"Okay!\" Someone shouted as they crashed through the window. Iron Man stood up in the broken glass and blasted Stanley, sending him flying back into the bathroom, mask flying off of his face. That doesn't make sense, you say? The mask wouldn't do that? Well too bad, my story, suck it up! Iron Man picked up the mask and looked at it. \"I am Iron Man.\" He placed it over his Iron Man mask and spun around the room briefly, then emerged looking exactly the same. \"...Well, that was utterly pointless.\" He took the mask off and tossed it into the bathroom with the dead body. \"Masks are for girls!\" He almost flew out the window, but saw Stanley's dog. He picked it up and booted it out of the window, and then flew away.","LastChapter":"Stanley Ipkiss, resident loser of Edge City, looked down at the mask he'd recently squired via the river when his piece of crap car gave out on him. The mangy piece of wood somehow glimmered in the light, however that happens, magic or whatever. He raised it to his face and there was some slight suction. Shocked, he pulled out quickly (Ha ha! Innuendo!) and stared at the mask for a few seconds before finally putting it on his face. The mask sucked onto his head and latched onto it. Stanley turned and clawed at the mask as he shouted, and eventually spun around the room at full force, like a freaky human tornado. When he stopped, he was completely transformed. He now had a green face, yellow suit and bald head. He posed and smiled. \"Somebody stop me!\" \"Okay!\" Someone shouted as they crashed through the window. Iron Man stood up in the broken glass and blasted Stanley, sending him flying back into the bathroom, mask flying off of his face. That doesn't make sense, you say? The mask wouldn't do that? Well too bad, my story, suck it up! Iron Man picked up the mask and looked at it. \"I am Iron Man.\" He placed it over his Iron Man mask and spun around the room briefly, then emerged looking exactly the same. \"...Well, that was utterly pointless.\" He took the mask off and tossed it into the bathroom with the dead body. \"Masks are for girls!\" He almost flew out the window, but saw Stanley's dog. He picked it up and booted it out of the window, and then flew away.","Summary":" Stanley Ipkiss, resident loser of Edge City, looked down at the mask he'd recently squired via the ","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Humor -  Stanley I. The Mask  - Words: 278 - Reviews: 10 - Favs: 5 - Follows: 1 - Published: 7 20 2010 - Status: Complete - id: 6161450 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"The Mask Unleashed","Author":"curveballmask","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10080240","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jenn stuffed the rest of the costume into her duffel bag while her cat looked at her, perplexed. She was an hour behind, and she could imagine the throngs of people already gathering in lines outside the convention centre. She took one last look at her dingy apartment, her dirty dishes rattling from the the sound of a low-flying airplane passing above, and rushed out the door. Forty-five minutes on a packed, sweaty bus, and she was almost there. Comic-Con banners flew by her on either side, and she noticed more and more people in costumes on the bus, a sure sign that they were all headed to the same place. After another forty-five minutes of standing in line under the hot sun to get inside the convention centre, Jenn found herself no further along than when she arrived. Just then, she noticed a shrewd looking homeless man with a beard, pushing a shopping cart full of cans. He pulled his taped-together sunglasses down off the bridge of his nose, looking straight at Jenn, and pointed at a side entrance that no one seemed to be using. She nodded quickly, looking around, and slipped out of the line, flashing her badge to security at the side entrance and scurried away to the women's bathroom. Finally, she was inside, in air conditioning, staring at herself in the mirror. She was short, with a tiny frame, and brown hair that she was pulling back under a cap to cover with a blonde wig. She had just finished changing into her costume for the first day of the convention: Power Girl. She wore a white one-piece jumpsuit with a hole cut in the chest, but the material was somewhat ill-fitting, since she had sewn it herself. On top of this, her figure was nowhere even close to the character in the comics, but she wore it with commitment, and with just enough padding to bear a passing, if not crude resemblance. Jenn had been to a number of pointless auditions in the last few months, and for her, it was a relief to cast herself in a part she wanted to play, whether she was truly right for it or not. Still hoping to make up some time, Jenn hurried into a back hallway and crammed her duffel bag with her street clothes into a locker, throwing a combination lock on it and finally feeling free to wander around the convention centre. Who knows, maybe she'd get noticed, meet some new friends, or even a casting director! At the very least, Comic Con was a chance for her to escape the growing reality that she wasn't getting any work as an actress. Jenn stepped out in a main lobby area in the convention center, adjusting her wig slightly. It was just past 10 a.m, and the first wave of fans had come and gone, the lobby area humming with a low energy smattering of geeks and half-assed cosplayers. After a moment, Jenn's noticed a curvy young woman dressed as Catwoman in black leather strutting by, a small crowd of men (and some women) taking pictures with their phones and begging for interviews. \"Oh, please, please, one at a time…\" Catwoman said, not looking at any of them in particular, her long neck stretched high, her chest sticking out as she walked. Jenn's eyes tracked her all the way across the space until she disappeared through a set of double doors. Now alone, she looked down at her scuffed-up blue Power Girl boots, depressed that no one had even stopped her for so much as a lousy picture. 'It was obviously that girl's figure,' Jenn thought, especially in that outfit, and as revealing as her own Power Girl costume was, there's no way she could compete with goods like that. \"Excuse me…\" a voice said, from beside her. She turned to see a very well built man, dressed in a contemporary 'Man of Steel' style Superman costume, smiling broadly at her, his hair perfect, his costume as impressively constructed and nuanced as his muscular body. Jenn trembled inside, trying to project a more confident demeanour for her first fan encounter, and one dressed up as her childhood crush, at that. \"Y-yes, Superman?\" \"Do you know that girl's name, that Catwoman girl?\" Superman said, gesturing casually to the double doors. Jenn rolled her eyes and crossed her arms, sighing frustratedly. \"Eghh, sorry.\" she said, wheeling around and heading for one of the convention halls, to look at comic, posters, *anything* to get away from people for a minute… She darted into Hall D, quickly finding herself in a canyon of rack-mounted comic and movie posters to flip through, mounted on rows and rows of swinging metal frames. Her eyes scanned the artwork, but she didn't even process it. \"Come on, Jenn…\" she said, chiding herself. \"You can't get upset anytime someone else gets attention. That's part of the fun of going to this place. You'll meet people. Give it some time…\" she said, flipping another poster at the end of the rack, and behind it – a bright green face, grinning at her! \"Sssssmokin!\" a young man in a yellow suit said, clearly dressed as The Mask. He had enormous fake teeth in his mouth, and his face was painted a convincing electric green, probably about 18 or 19 years old. He held the grin, and then it faded as an awkward moment hung between him and Jenn, until the reference dawned on her. \"Oh, 'The Mask', right? Cool! I'm Jenn – err, Power Girl.\" she said, shaking his hand. \"Edward!\" he said in a playfully official sounding voice. Edward was swimming in his yellow suit, which had the right look, but was clearly two sizes too big big. He adjusted the zoot suit hat, revealing a glimpse of his slicked jet black hair. \"I saw your costume from over there. Pretty cool. Aaaaand I noticed you're not in any of the talks right now.\" Edward said, suspiciously. \"Oh, it's all superhero movie stuff right now, I think. I'm pretty sure I don't need to wait two hours to watch a trailer in a crowded room. I come here to meet artists, fans, and you know, dress up.\" Jenn said, meekly. \"Amen. Fans like you and me, we gotta stick together.\" Edward said, defiantly. \"Hollywood thinks they can invade our thing. Pfft! They'll leave it behind in the dust like they do with everything. It'll still be ours when they're done with it.\" Jenn was getting a little bored with Edward's outspokenness, and wandered away, half-nodding. \"Soo…you wanna get a bite to eat?\" Jenn looked over at Edward, a rush of blood running up the back of her neck, not expecting to get hit on. She was flattered, but Edward was too young…and too skinny…and too greasy for her, even if his costume was kind of cool. \"Oh…\" Jenn said, not finding the right words for this moment at all. \"I have an unlimited meal card. My dad does the catering for some of this stuff.\" Edward said, proudly. Jenn's eyes lit up, having not much more than a few dollars and a sandwich shop punch card to her name. Five minutes later, Jenn and Edward were sitting in the cafeteria, a parade of wookies bustling behind them as they ate fried food and looked through the contents of Edward's Comic Con bag. \"You have to be prepared,\" Edward explained, his green face paint stretching and cracking on his skin after only a few hours of wear. \"I have water, my phone (obviously), green face paint, spare batteries, face powder, sharpies, and then comics and whatnot.\" Edward spilled out some collectibles from another pocket of the bag, among them, Mask comics, and a wooden mask prop. \"Whoa, is that the real thing?\" Jenn asked, surprised that Edward had a real prop in his bag. \"Pfft, it's a replica, I think. I'll get it signed, or something. Maybe I'll sell it, I don't know. Feels pretty cheap, probably made in Thailand or something, painted in a sweatshop by little kids.\" Jenn shot Edward a dirty look, which he didn't understand the intent of. Edward picked up the prop and obnoxiously banged it several times on the cafeteria table, the clang of the wood echoing in the half-filled cafeteria. People around them started to look, and Jenn grabbed it from him – \"Ssssh! There's people eating here.\" she said in a hushed voice, turning it over in her hands. \"What? They're like, ten times louder than us.\" Edward said, repacking his bag. Jenn was only in her mid-twenties, but she felt like their age difference was going to get on her nerves more and more if they were going to spend any amount of time together. She looked at the wooden mask, feeling the grooves with her fingers, enjoying the weight in her hands. \"You like that thing? It's yours. Keep it.\" Edward said between bites. Jenn smiled a little, clutching the mask in her hands, unable to explain to herself why she was responding to it. She brought it up a few inches from her face, looking at Edward through the eye holes. He gave her a quick raise of his eyebrows, clearly more interested in eating than anything else in this moment. She studied the texture of the inside of the mask, fascinated by its polish and shine, almost like some kind of luminescent stone. \"They really make these things detailed…\" she said to herself, under her breath. After a moment of being hypnotized by the mask, she put it down beside her, and exhaled. \"I think I have to go change.\" Jenn said to Edward, with directness. He just looked at her… \"Honestly, I think I'm trying too hard with this outfit. It's not…me. I think I want to wear my street clothes, and just enjoy the first day, you know? I have other costumes for all the other days. I don't need to push it.\" Jenn said, admitting this to herself for the first time, and feeling relief about not needing to look like a perfect Power Girl. \"I'll meet you back in the lobby, ok?\" Jenn said as Edward nodded. Jenn was back in the women's bathroom, escaping from her Power Girl costume and putting on her street clothes once more, which was a total relief. She stepped out of the stall and looked at herself – she wore a loose fitting, long-sleeved olive shirt, beat-up jeans, and had her hair tied back, which looked sweaty and had needed a wash for several days now. Not that she had been turning heads as Power Girl, but dressed in her street clothes, Jenn realized that she looked frumpy, and…average. It was depressing. Jenn looked down in her duffel bag beside her, seeing the mask. 'Even a dumb tribal mask prop would be more exciting than my own stupid face', Jenn thought to herself. She brought it up to her face, wanting to see her eyes through the dark wood, and immediately the mask leapt onto her head with a force of its own! It twisted and stretched from its rigid form into something distinctly alive, creaking and expanding from its ridges, streaks of green light cracking from deep within, releasing vast amounts of energy into the empty bathroom. Jenn began to keel over as the mask engulfed her entire head, the wood turning to green rubber, and she started to feel claustrophobic as the stretchy material covered her ears, only letting her hear her own breathing… She seizured around the bathroom as her body began to change, the mask getting stretchier and vivdly green as it clung tightly to her skin, the iron noseplate disappearing… \"Ughnn!\" Jenn cried through the mask, her sounds muffled as the painful transformation was still taking place. Her round face began to get distinctly angular, with a strong jawline becoming prominent. Her loose fitting shirt began to cling to her skin as she grew taller, inch after inch, her clothes changing and melding together. Jenn could feel her personality and inhibitions melting into the background as another presence in her mind emerged. Jet black hair appeared in a frenzy, tumbling and twisting down the sides of her head, with sharp cheekbones and eyebrows emerging to match, along with skintight black leather pants, knee-high boots, a black leather jacket, and a black tank top. Jenn's new features looked somewhere between Sofia Vergara and Angelina Jolie, but with an eternally youthful, somewhat devious slant. She stopped in place, looking at herself in the mirror as she put her hands on her hips, her chest suddenly bulging out generously to fill out her ludicrously low-cut tank top. Looking at herself in the mirror as the Mask, her jaw dropped in shock at her new appearance. \"Hot.\" she declared, leaning on one side of her hips, her leather pants creaking. The Mask pulled at the edge of her face, pulling the mask a little tighter, and snapped it back. \"Perfect fit, too.\" she said, smirking.","LastChapter":"Jenn stuffed the rest of the costume into her duffel bag while her cat looked at her, perplexed. She was an hour behind, and she could imagine the throngs of people already gathering in lines outside the convention centre. She took one last look at her dingy apartment, her dirty dishes rattling from the the sound of a low-flying airplane passing above, and rushed out the door. Forty-five minutes on a packed, sweaty bus, and she was almost there. Comic-Con banners flew by her on either side, and she noticed more and more people in costumes on the bus, a sure sign that they were all headed to the same place. After another forty-five minutes of standing in line under the hot sun to get inside the convention centre, Jenn found herself no further along than when she arrived. Just then, she noticed a shrewd looking homeless man with a beard, pushing a shopping cart full of cans. He pulled his taped-together sunglasses down off the bridge of his nose, looking straight at Jenn, and pointed at a side entrance that no one seemed to be using. She nodded quickly, looking around, and slipped out of the line, flashing her badge to security at the side entrance and scurried away to the women's bathroom. Finally, she was inside, in air conditioning, staring at herself in the mirror. She was short, with a tiny frame, and brown hair that she was pulling back under a cap to cover with a blonde wig. She had just finished changing into her costume for the first day of the convention: Power Girl. She wore a white one-piece jumpsuit with a hole cut in the chest, but the material was somewhat ill-fitting, since she had sewn it herself. On top of this, her figure was nowhere even close to the character in the comics, but she wore it with commitment, and with just enough padding to bear a passing, if not crude resemblance. Jenn had been to a number of pointless auditions in the last few months, and for her, it was a relief to cast herself in a part she wanted to play, whether she was truly right for it or not. Still hoping to make up some time, Jenn hurried into a back hallway and crammed her duffel bag with her street clothes into a locker, throwing a combination lock on it and finally feeling free to wander around the convention centre. Who knows, maybe she'd get noticed, meet some new friends, or even a casting director! At the very least, Comic Con was a chance for her to escape the growing reality that she wasn't getting any work as an actress. Jenn stepped out in a main lobby area in the convention center, adjusting her wig slightly. It was just past 10 a.m, and the first wave of fans had come and gone, the lobby area humming with a low energy smattering of geeks and half-assed cosplayers. After a moment, Jenn's noticed a curvy young woman dressed as Catwoman in black leather strutting by, a small crowd of men (and some women) taking pictures with their phones and begging for interviews. \"Oh, please, please, one at a time…\" Catwoman said, not looking at any of them in particular, her long neck stretched high, her chest sticking out as she walked. Jenn's eyes tracked her all the way across the space until she disappeared through a set of double doors. Now alone, she looked down at her scuffed-up blue Power Girl boots, depressed that no one had even stopped her for so much as a lousy picture. 'It was obviously that girl's figure,' Jenn thought, especially in that outfit, and as revealing as her own Power Girl costume was, there's no way she could compete with goods like that. \"Excuse me…\" a voice said, from beside her. She turned to see a very well built man, dressed in a contemporary 'Man of Steel' style Superman costume, smiling broadly at her, his hair perfect, his costume as impressively constructed and nuanced as his muscular body. Jenn trembled inside, trying to project a more confident demeanour for her first fan encounter, and one dressed up as her childhood crush, at that. \"Y-yes, Superman?\" \"Do you know that girl's name, that Catwoman girl?\" Superman said, gesturing casually to the double doors. Jenn rolled her eyes and crossed her arms, sighing frustratedly. \"Eghh, sorry.\" she said, wheeling around and heading for one of the convention halls, to look at comic, posters, *anything* to get away from people for a minute… She darted into Hall D, quickly finding herself in a canyon of rack-mounted comic and movie posters to flip through, mounted on rows and rows of swinging metal frames. Her eyes scanned the artwork, but she didn't even process it. \"Come on, Jenn…\" she said, chiding herself. \"You can't get upset anytime someone else gets attention. That's part of the fun of going to this place. You'll meet people. Give it some time…\" she said, flipping another poster at the end of the rack, and behind it – a bright green face, grinning at her! \"Sssssmokin!\" a young man in a yellow suit said, clearly dressed as The Mask. He had enormous fake teeth in his mouth, and his face was painted a convincing electric green, probably about 18 or 19 years old. He held the grin, and then it faded as an awkward moment hung between him and Jenn, until the reference dawned on her. \"Oh, 'The Mask', right? Cool! I'm Jenn – err, Power Girl.\" she said, shaking his hand. \"Edward!\" he said in a playfully official sounding voice. Edward was swimming in his yellow suit, which had the right look, but was clearly two sizes too big big. He adjusted the zoot suit hat, revealing a glimpse of his slicked jet black hair. \"I saw your costume from over there. Pretty cool. Aaaaand I noticed you're not in any of the talks right now.\" Edward said, suspiciously. \"Oh, it's all superhero movie stuff right now, I think. I'm pretty sure I don't need to wait two hours to watch a trailer in a crowded room. I come here to meet artists, fans, and you know, dress up.\" Jenn said, meekly. \"Amen. Fans like you and me, we gotta stick together.\" Edward said, defiantly. \"Hollywood thinks they can invade our thing. Pfft! They'll leave it behind in the dust like they do with everything. It'll still be ours when they're done with it.\" Jenn was getting a little bored with Edward's outspokenness, and wandered away, half-nodding. \"Soo…you wanna get a bite to eat?\" Jenn looked over at Edward, a rush of blood running up the back of her neck, not expecting to get hit on. She was flattered, but Edward was too young…and too skinny…and too greasy for her, even if his costume was kind of cool. \"Oh…\" Jenn said, not finding the right words for this moment at all. \"I have an unlimited meal card. My dad does the catering for some of this stuff.\" Edward said, proudly. Jenn's eyes lit up, having not much more than a few dollars and a sandwich shop punch card to her name. Five minutes later, Jenn and Edward were sitting in the cafeteria, a parade of wookies bustling behind them as they ate fried food and looked through the contents of Edward's Comic Con bag. \"You have to be prepared,\" Edward explained, his green face paint stretching and cracking on his skin after only a few hours of wear. \"I have water, my phone (obviously), green face paint, spare batteries, face powder, sharpies, and then comics and whatnot.\" Edward spilled out some collectibles from another pocket of the bag, among them, Mask comics, and a wooden mask prop. \"Whoa, is that the real thing?\" Jenn asked, surprised that Edward had a real prop in his bag. \"Pfft, it's a replica, I think. I'll get it signed, or something. Maybe I'll sell it, I don't know. Feels pretty cheap, probably made in Thailand or something, painted in a sweatshop by little kids.\" Jenn shot Edward a dirty look, which he didn't understand the intent of. Edward picked up the prop and obnoxiously banged it several times on the cafeteria table, the clang of the wood echoing in the half-filled cafeteria. People around them started to look, and Jenn grabbed it from him – \"Ssssh! There's people eating here.\" she said in a hushed voice, turning it over in her hands. \"What? They're like, ten times louder than us.\" Edward said, repacking his bag. Jenn was only in her mid-twenties, but she felt like their age difference was going to get on her nerves more and more if they were going to spend any amount of time together. She looked at the wooden mask, feeling the grooves with her fingers, enjoying the weight in her hands. \"You like that thing? It's yours. Keep it.\" Edward said between bites. Jenn smiled a little, clutching the mask in her hands, unable to explain to herself why she was responding to it. She brought it up a few inches from her face, looking at Edward through the eye holes. He gave her a quick raise of his eyebrows, clearly more interested in eating than anything else in this moment. She studied the texture of the inside of the mask, fascinated by its polish and shine, almost like some kind of luminescent stone. \"They really make these things detailed…\" she said to herself, under her breath. After a moment of being hypnotized by the mask, she put it down beside her, and exhaled. \"I think I have to go change.\" Jenn said to Edward, with directness. He just looked at her… \"Honestly, I think I'm trying too hard with this outfit. It's not…me. I think I want to wear my street clothes, and just enjoy the first day, you know? I have other costumes for all the other days. I don't need to push it.\" Jenn said, admitting this to herself for the first time, and feeling relief about not needing to look like a perfect Power Girl. \"I'll meet you back in the lobby, ok?\" Jenn said as Edward nodded. Jenn was back in the women's bathroom, escaping from her Power Girl costume and putting on her street clothes once more, which was a total relief. She stepped out of the stall and looked at herself – she wore a loose fitting, long-sleeved olive shirt, beat-up jeans, and had her hair tied back, which looked sweaty and had needed a wash for several days now. Not that she had been turning heads as Power Girl, but dressed in her street clothes, Jenn realized that she looked frumpy, and…average. It was depressing. Jenn looked down in her duffel bag beside her, seeing the mask. 'Even a dumb tribal mask prop would be more exciting than my own stupid face', Jenn thought to herself. She brought it up to her face, wanting to see her eyes through the dark wood, and immediately the mask leapt onto her head with a force of its own! It twisted and stretched from its rigid form into something distinctly alive, creaking and expanding from its ridges, streaks of green light cracking from deep within, releasing vast amounts of energy into the empty bathroom. Jenn began to keel over as the mask engulfed her entire head, the wood turning to green rubber, and she started to feel claustrophobic as the stretchy material covered her ears, only letting her hear her own breathing… She seizured around the bathroom as her body began to change, the mask getting stretchier and vivdly green as it clung tightly to her skin, the iron noseplate disappearing… \"Ughnn!\" Jenn cried through the mask, her sounds muffled as the painful transformation was still taking place. Her round face began to get distinctly angular, with a strong jawline becoming prominent. Her loose fitting shirt began to cling to her skin as she grew taller, inch after inch, her clothes changing and melding together. Jenn could feel her personality and inhibitions melting into the background as another presence in her mind emerged. Jet black hair appeared in a frenzy, tumbling and twisting down the sides of her head, with sharp cheekbones and eyebrows emerging to match, along with skintight black leather pants, knee-high boots, a black leather jacket, and a black tank top. Jenn's new features looked somewhere between Sofia Vergara and Angelina Jolie, but with an eternally youthful, somewhat devious slant. She stopped in place, looking at herself in the mirror as she put her hands on her hips, her chest suddenly bulging out generously to fill out her ludicrously low-cut tank top. Looking at herself in the mirror as the Mask, her jaw dropped in shock at her new appearance. \"Hot.\" she declared, leaning on one side of her hips, her leather pants creaking. The Mask pulled at the edge of her face, pulling the mask a little tighter, and snapped it back. \"Perfect fit, too.\" she said, smirking.","Summary":" Jenn stuffed the rest of the costume into her duffel bag while her cat looked at her, perplexed. Sh","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Adventure  - Words: 2,179 - Reviews: 8 - Favs: 12 - Follows: 9 - Published: 2 3 2014 - id: 10080240 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Return of the Mask","Author":"Nickstar777","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10608930","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Mask really is one of the most hilarious films ever, this is my idea of a third instalment Disclaimer: I do not own The Mask In Edge City, a teenage boy, wearing a black button down shirt and sky blue jeans with dark brown hair was at the harbour, he liked to come here to relax and draw in his sketchbook, his name was Jack, he had just finished with his sketch of the city, before a dog ran towards him with a stick in it's mouth. \"Hey, Roadie, it's getting late, let's go home\" said Jack before picking up the dog and walking home. The next day, Jack was at school, he walked over to a girl with auburn hair, pale skin and glasses, she was wearing a pink sweater and white jeans. \"Hey, Emily\" said Jack \"Hey Jack, how are things with you?\" asked Emily Jack and Emily had been best friends for years, Jack had developed romantic feelings for Emily a couple years ago, however, Emily had a boyfriend. \"Things have been good, hey, I just finished some new drawings, you wanna see?\" asked Jack \"Sure\" said Emily Jack pulled his sketchpad out of his backpack and showed Emily the new drawings he worked on recently, including the one of the city from yesterday. \"These are really good\" said Emily A teenager who was above average in height, dressed in a black t shirt, ripped jeans and had some piercings walked over to the 2. \"Hey Babe, hey Mack\" said the teenager \"It's Jack\" said Jack \"Hey Logan\" said Emily Logan was Emily's boyfriend, and Jack's rival, he was a selfish jerk, it was unknown why Emily even went out with him. \"Um, what's going on here between you two?\" asked Logan \"Jack was just showing me these drawings he did\" said Emily Logan grabbed Jack's sketchpad. \"I've seen better drawings from my pet snake\" said Logan \"Come on, Logan, be nice\" said Emily \"I was\" said Logan After School, Jack returned to the harbour, he didn't bring Roadie with him, he started his newest sketch, when Logan arrived. \"Well, well, well, if it isn't Tack\" said Logan \"It's Jack, not that hard to remember\" \"Listen, I know you and Emily have a history together, but she's mine, and if I see you near her again, I am going to take your little notepad and shove it down your throat\" said Logan \"Look, Logan, me and Emily are just friends, although, I am curious why she's dating a self centred, manipulative, jackass like you\" said Jack Logan took Jack over his shoulder and threw him into the water. \"See, that's exactly my point\" said Jack Logan picked up Jack's sketchpad and tore up a bunch of the drawings. \"NO!\" yelled Jack Logan finished up by throwing the sketchpad into the water, then he walked away. \"No, no, no, no, it took me years to finish those drawings\" said Jack Jack got out of the water, when he got out of the water, he noticed a wooden mask on the ground. \"What's this?\" asked Jack Jack picked up the mask and put it in his backpack, he also grabbed the destroyed sketchpad, and returned home. When he arrived home, he entered his room and threw the mask on a chair. The following day, after school, Jack was in the park on his own, when Emily arrived. \"Hey Jack, I heard about what happened with Logan, I'm really sorry\" said Emily \"Why? It wasn't your fault, but I am surprised you are with him\" said Jack \"I broke up with him, he was a jerk\" said Emily \"Tell me something I don't know\" said Jack \"Hey, tomorrow night, I'm going to be doing a small singing gig, here's an invitation incase you want to come\" said Emily \"Thanks\" said Jack That night, Jack stayed home while his parents were out, he had to finish some chores he kept forgetting about. When he grabbed some clothes off his chair, he saw the mask, he dropped the clothes and grabbed the mask. \"Huh? I wonder why someone would leave something like this at the harbour\" said Jack He turned the mask around and it started to shimmer. \"Whoa, freaky\" said Jack Jack tried to put the mask on, when the mask clutched to his face, he stared to spin around in a green tornado. When he stopped, he looked completely different, his hair was alot straighter and had blonde tips, his clothes changed to an emerald green suit with a black dress shirt and a matching fedora, and the weirdest part, his face had turned bright green. \"It's SHOWTIME\" said Jack Jack tried to leave, when he realised something. \"WAIT, I can't leave, I have chores\" said Jack Jack spun around in a tornado and moved all around the house, 5 seconds later, he stopped. \"DONE!\" said Jack before laughing Jack left the house and went for a bit of a walk, when he was encountered by a street tough. \"Hey, gimme your money\" said the man \"Gimme one good reason why I should\" said Jack The man pointed a sharp poker to Jack's face. \"I see your point, hang on one second\" said Jack Jack reached in his pocket and pulled out a tiny safe, he unlocked it and pulled out a big wad of cash, which the man proceeded to snatch, and Jack walked away. \"That's more I like it\" said the man The man looked at the money, instead of a president, there was a picture of Jack, wearing the mask, wearing a powdered wig. \"HEY!\" yelled the man Jack ran into an alley and jumped into a bin. The man opened the lid to the bin, it was empty. \"WHERE ARE YOU?!\" asked the man Jack emerged from a metal trash can behind the man, he stroked his chin until a light bulb appeared above his head. \"Try taking a closer look\" said Jack The man took a closer look and Jack tipped him into the bin and shut the lid. \"Huh, he's gonna get out of there pretty quickly, I KNOW\" said Jack Jack sat on the bin, took of his hat, reached inside and pulled out a piece of cheese. \"Nope, that's not it\" said Jack, putting back the cheese He reached his entire arm into the fedora, he pulled out an anvil. \"There it is\" said Jack Jack placed the anvil on the lid of the bin, then at lightning speed, he ran off. That ends the first chapter of my newest fic What do you think will happen next? READ AND REVIEW[Chapter 2] Now, just so you know, from now on, whenever someone wears the mask, I will change their name to something similar, so, for example, whenever Jack wears the mask, I will be calling him Jackie Disclaimer: I do not own The Mask Jack woke up the next morning, in his bed, he was completely tired out. \"Uh, it was just a dream\" said Jack Jack turned around in bed and saw the mask on a pillow, he tried not to scream because it would wake up his parents. \"Then again, maybe not\" said Jack Roadie entered Jack's room. \"Roadie, was I here last night? Roll over for yes, sit for no\" said Jack Roadie sat down. \"No? Then where was I?\" asked Jack Jack went downstairs, and after having his breakfast, turned on the news. \" And this just in, convicted robber, Antoine Edensor, was found trapped inside a trash bin with an anvil weighing down the lid, when asked what happened his only response was 'It was the guy with the green face' \" said the reporter \"No way\" said Jack Jack rushed upstairs to his computer, he searched 'Green Wooden Mask' and found a link to an online article about a man called Stanley Ipkiss. In 1994, former Bank Clerk, Stanley James Ipkiss, proclaimed to have found a wooden mask near Edge City Harbour, he said that when he put the mask on, he became a crazy cartoon character with a bright green face and no ears, he said he had over 100 hilarious super powers, great power is given to whoever wears the mask, but at the cost of their self control and their sanity. Ipkiss used the mask to catch convicted criminal, Deacon Tyrell, and then threw the mask back into the harbour. Jack started to believe that he possessed the same mask, or maybe it's just a coincidence. Jack did more research and found a link to a man called Tim Avery. In 2005, years after the events involving Stanley Ipkiss, a cartoonist called Tim Avery, created a comic book series about a man who gained bizarre powers when putting on a wooden mask, turning them into a green faced lunatic, during an interview, Avery said that the comic was based on true events, saying his dog found the mask, and at night, he would become a hilarious cartoon like Wildman, while wearing the mask, he proclaimed to have conceived a child, and said that his new son possessed the powers of the mask, all the while, he was being pursued by the Norse God of Mischief, Loki. After an epic battle, Avery said he gave Loki the mask and he returned home. However, many people believe Tim Avery had made up the story and had went crazy, however, a few people believe that Avery was telling the truth. \"Wait, if this is all true, then if Avery gave Loki the mask, then how do I have it?\" asked Jack Jack searched further, and found an article by Dr Arthur Neuman. Dr Arthur Neuman, an expert on masks, proclaimed to have met Stanley Ipkiss when he proclaimed to have found the mask, Neuman said the mask belonged to Loki, Norse God of Mischief and Deception, after Tim Avery returned the mask to Loki, many other people claimed to have found the mask themselves, in many cases, evidence has been presented to imply they may have been telling the truth, so it is possible that Loki had made 2 masks rather than one, but if this is true, it is unknown why, some people believe it was so that he could spread mischief across the world and still keep his own mask, others believe it was because he lost the original mask a second time, chances are that the world will never know for sure. \"So I must be the new owner of the mask\" said Jack Jack searched more and found a list of everyone who proclaimed to have found the mask after the events of 2005. Max Powell Richard Edwards Steven Daniels Thomas Jerry Geoff Green Adam Shane Staci Redwoods The only link between all 9 finders of the mask is that they all lived in Edge City, he found one more link, it was to a meeting between the 7 more recent wearers of the mask, Jack printed the address off and gets changed to go to school. Later that day, at school, he talked to Emily. \"Hey Emily\" said Jack \"Hey Jack, so, are you coming to my singing gig tonight?\" asked Emily \"I'm not sure if I can make it\" said Jack \"Oh, I was really looking forward to seeing you there tonight\" said Emily \"I'm sorry, but I think a friend of mine can make it\" said Jack \"What's he like?\" asked Emily \"You'll see\" said Jack That night, Jack put his invitation in his pocket and grabbed the mask. \"I really hope this works, Roadie\" said Jack Jack put on the mask, he turned into a tornado, when he stopped, he turned into the green faced trouble maker from last time, but this time, he was wearing a red suit. \"It is PARTY TIME\" said Jackie Jackie grabbed a picture of Emily. \"Get ready baby, DADDY'S COMING\" said Jackie Jackie jumped out the window and took a look at an old broken down car. \"Hm, I think this car needs an upgrade\" said Jackie He stepped in the car, he pulled a set of keys out of his shirt pocket and started the car, when it zoomed out, the car looked completely different. It had turned into an oversized red police car with a visible engine. \"Alot of horse power, time to gallop\" said Jackie Jackie drove out of the street and into a highway. Now Jackie was dressed as the lone ranger. \"High hoe Silver, AWAYYYYYYY!\" yelled Jackie Jackie took off like a bullet down the middle of the street. He eventually arrived. Jackie noticed a big flashing car button. \"I wonder what this does\" said Jackie Jackie pressed it and was ejected right out of the car, he pulled on his tie and a parachute emerged from the back of his shirt. When he landed, he walked up to the bouncer. \"You got an ticket?\" asked the bouncer. \"Of course\" said Jackie Jackie handed the bouncer a piece of card. \"This is a gift card for T.G.I. Friday\" said the bouncer \"Oops, maybe I left it in my other pants\" said Jackie \"I'm sorry, no tick...\" said the bouncer, before being cut off by Jackie \"Here they are\" said Jackie, holding up a pair of pants. He reached inside the pockets and pulled out the ticket Emily gave him. \"Alright, you may enter\" said the bouncer Jackie entered, the place was a nightclub, normally it wouldn't let under 18s in but tonight was for all ages. \"Now ladies and gentlemen, please welcome, the lovely, Emily\" said the announcer Emily walked on stage, she was wearing a pair of sky blue jeans, red shoes, a pink blouse and a black jean jacket, and her hair had been tied into a ponytail. \"Whoa my god\" said Jackie Emily started singing 'Catch Me If You Can' by Jess Moskaluke. When she was finished, Jackie's jaw dropped so much that it rolled off the sides of the table. \"Thank you Emily, that was great, now, if anyone of you in the audience would like to perform something yourself, don't hesitate to come up on stage\" said the owner Jackie quickly ran onto the stage, giving the owner a fright. \"Okay sir, what would you like to sing?\" asked the man Jackie whispered something in his ear. \"I'm not sure how that song goes\" said the man Jackie reached inside his shirt and pulled out some sheet music. \"Alright\" said the owner The owner gave the sheet music to the band performing the music for the singers. I gotcha with my winning smile, I'm a living lesson in flair and style! You just can't help but stare at my savoir-faire. I'm nouveau, Deco, Roman-Greco, Rococo, Barroco, be-bop, hip-hop, flip-flop SOMEBODY STOP ME! Pretty viridian faces like mine, Don't come a dime a dozen - I stand out of the crowd! Babe, when they made me, yeah, they broke the mold! Wholesome and kind, staid and refined, totally out of my mind! Arch-villains and ne'er-do-wells had better learn to decorate prison cells Green goes with anything if they ask, see! Well there's one last thing I gotta sing about Open up wide and really shout! OHHHH..LOOK OUT! I AM THE MASK! \"Wow, that was amazing, could we get your name?\" asked the owner \"Didn't you hear the song?\" asked Jackie Jackie pulled out a tape recorder and played back the last line of the song. Jackie went to leave the club when Emily caught up with him. \"Hey, nice job out there\" said Emily \"Thank you sweet cheeks, you were good too, really satisfied my sweet tooth\" said Jackie Jackie hopped in the car he brought over and rushed home. And that's it for chapter 2 READ AND REVIEW","LastChapter":"Now, just so you know, from now on, whenever someone wears the mask, I will change their name to something similar, so, for example, whenever Jack wears the mask, I will be calling him Jackie Disclaimer: I do not own The Mask Jack woke up the next morning, in his bed, he was completely tired out. \"Uh, it was just a dream\" said Jack Jack turned around in bed and saw the mask on a pillow, he tried not to scream because it would wake up his parents. \"Then again, maybe not\" said Jack Roadie entered Jack's room. \"Roadie, was I here last night? Roll over for yes, sit for no\" said Jack Roadie sat down. \"No? Then where was I?\" asked Jack Jack went downstairs, and after having his breakfast, turned on the news. \" And this just in, convicted robber, Antoine Edensor, was found trapped inside a trash bin with an anvil weighing down the lid, when asked what happened his only response was 'It was the guy with the green face' \" said the reporter \"No way\" said Jack Jack rushed upstairs to his computer, he searched 'Green Wooden Mask' and found a link to an online article about a man called Stanley Ipkiss. In 1994, former Bank Clerk, Stanley James Ipkiss, proclaimed to have found a wooden mask near Edge City Harbour, he said that when he put the mask on, he became a crazy cartoon character with a bright green face and no ears, he said he had over 100 hilarious super powers, great power is given to whoever wears the mask, but at the cost of their self control and their sanity. Ipkiss used the mask to catch convicted criminal, Deacon Tyrell, and then threw the mask back into the harbour. Jack started to believe that he possessed the same mask, or maybe it's just a coincidence. Jack did more research and found a link to a man called Tim Avery. In 2005, years after the events involving Stanley Ipkiss, a cartoonist called Tim Avery, created a comic book series about a man who gained bizarre powers when putting on a wooden mask, turning them into a green faced lunatic, during an interview, Avery said that the comic was based on true events, saying his dog found the mask, and at night, he would become a hilarious cartoon like Wildman, while wearing the mask, he proclaimed to have conceived a child, and said that his new son possessed the powers of the mask, all the while, he was being pursued by the Norse God of Mischief, Loki. After an epic battle, Avery said he gave Loki the mask and he returned home. However, many people believe Tim Avery had made up the story and had went crazy, however, a few people believe that Avery was telling the truth. \"Wait, if this is all true, then if Avery gave Loki the mask, then how do I have it?\" asked Jack Jack searched further, and found an article by Dr Arthur Neuman. Dr Arthur Neuman, an expert on masks, proclaimed to have met Stanley Ipkiss when he proclaimed to have found the mask, Neuman said the mask belonged to Loki, Norse God of Mischief and Deception, after Tim Avery returned the mask to Loki, many other people claimed to have found the mask themselves, in many cases, evidence has been presented to imply they may have been telling the truth, so it is possible that Loki had made 2 masks rather than one, but if this is true, it is unknown why, some people believe it was so that he could spread mischief across the world and still keep his own mask, others believe it was because he lost the original mask a second time, chances are that the world will never know for sure. \"So I must be the new owner of the mask\" said Jack Jack searched more and found a list of everyone who proclaimed to have found the mask after the events of 2005. Max Powell Richard Edwards Steven Daniels Thomas Jerry Geoff Green Adam Shane Staci Redwoods The only link between all 9 finders of the mask is that they all lived in Edge City, he found one more link, it was to a meeting between the 7 more recent wearers of the mask, Jack printed the address off and gets changed to go to school. Later that day, at school, he talked to Emily. \"Hey Emily\" said Jack \"Hey Jack, so, are you coming to my singing gig tonight?\" asked Emily \"I'm not sure if I can make it\" said Jack \"Oh, I was really looking forward to seeing you there tonight\" said Emily \"I'm sorry, but I think a friend of mine can make it\" said Jack \"What's he like?\" asked Emily \"You'll see\" said Jack That night, Jack put his invitation in his pocket and grabbed the mask. \"I really hope this works, Roadie\" said Jack Jack put on the mask, he turned into a tornado, when he stopped, he turned into the green faced trouble maker from last time, but this time, he was wearing a red suit. \"It is PARTY TIME\" said Jackie Jackie grabbed a picture of Emily. \"Get ready baby, DADDY'S COMING\" said Jackie Jackie jumped out the window and took a look at an old broken down car. \"Hm, I think this car needs an upgrade\" said Jackie He stepped in the car, he pulled a set of keys out of his shirt pocket and started the car, when it zoomed out, the car looked completely different. It had turned into an oversized red police car with a visible engine. \"Alot of horse power, time to gallop\" said Jackie Jackie drove out of the street and into a highway. Now Jackie was dressed as the lone ranger. \"High hoe Silver, AWAYYYYYYY!\" yelled Jackie Jackie took off like a bullet down the middle of the street. He eventually arrived. Jackie noticed a big flashing car button. \"I wonder what this does\" said Jackie Jackie pressed it and was ejected right out of the car, he pulled on his tie and a parachute emerged from the back of his shirt. When he landed, he walked up to the bouncer. \"You got an ticket?\" asked the bouncer. \"Of course\" said Jackie Jackie handed the bouncer a piece of card. \"This is a gift card for T.G.I. Friday\" said the bouncer \"Oops, maybe I left it in my other pants\" said Jackie \"I'm sorry, no tick...\" said the bouncer, before being cut off by Jackie \"Here they are\" said Jackie, holding up a pair of pants. He reached inside the pockets and pulled out the ticket Emily gave him. \"Alright, you may enter\" said the bouncer Jackie entered, the place was a nightclub, normally it wouldn't let under 18s in but tonight was for all ages. \"Now ladies and gentlemen, please welcome, the lovely, Emily\" said the announcer Emily walked on stage, she was wearing a pair of sky blue jeans, red shoes, a pink blouse and a black jean jacket, and her hair had been tied into a ponytail. \"Whoa my god\" said Jackie Emily started singing 'Catch Me If You Can' by Jess Moskaluke. When she was finished, Jackie's jaw dropped so much that it rolled off the sides of the table. \"Thank you Emily, that was great, now, if anyone of you in the audience would like to perform something yourself, don't hesitate to come up on stage\" said the owner Jackie quickly ran onto the stage, giving the owner a fright. \"Okay sir, what would you like to sing?\" asked the man Jackie whispered something in his ear. \"I'm not sure how that song goes\" said the man Jackie reached inside his shirt and pulled out some sheet music. \"Alright\" said the owner The owner gave the sheet music to the band performing the music for the singers. I gotcha with my winning smile, I'm a living lesson in flair and style! You just can't help but stare at my savoir-faire. I'm nouveau, Deco, Roman-Greco, Rococo, Barroco, be-bop, hip-hop, flip-flop SOMEBODY STOP ME! Pretty viridian faces like mine, Don't come a dime a dozen - I stand out of the crowd! Babe, when they made me, yeah, they broke the mold! Wholesome and kind, staid and refined, totally out of my mind! Arch-villains and ne'er-do-wells had better learn to decorate prison cells Green goes with anything if they ask, see! Well there's one last thing I gotta sing about Open up wide and really shout! OHHHH..LOOK OUT! I AM THE MASK! \"Wow, that was amazing, could we get your name?\" asked the owner \"Didn't you hear the song?\" asked Jackie Jackie pulled out a tape recorder and played back the last line of the song. Jackie went to leave the club when Emily caught up with him. \"Hey, nice job out there\" said Emily \"Thank you sweet cheeks, you were good too, really satisfied my sweet tooth\" said Jackie Jackie hopped in the car he brought over and rushed home. And that's it for chapter 2 READ AND REVIEW","Summary":" The Mask really is one of the most hilarious films ever, this is my idea of a third instalment Disc","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Humor Adventure -  OC - Chapters: 2   - Words: 2,692 - Reviews: 5 - Favs: 7 - Follows: 7 - Updated: 8 12 2014 - Published: 8 10 2014 - id: 10608930 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Evil Tina & The Mask","Author":"tesseract9","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11808149","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"You sure you're not going to miss this guy? When he's gone, all that's left is me...\" Stanley mused, flipping the mask around in his hands, standing next to Tina on the bridge. Tina glanced at the sunset dipping behind Edge City, brushing back her blonde hair. \"Maybe just one more time. I'd love to say goodbye to him,\" she said. He smirked and rolled his eyes a little, obliging, and widened his stance as he put the mask on in front of his new girlfriend one more time. A few bright flashes and a ear-splitting tornado later, Stanley stood in front of her as The Mask once again. He beamed at her with that mischievous energy. \"Oooooh, I'm BACK, good lookin,\" he said through his huge grin, back in his signature yellow suit, the mask wrapped tightly around his head. Tina's heart leapt, seeing her crush once again. \"I wasn't just going to let you throw this thing away...\" she said, stroking his rubbery jaw, stepping closer, putting her arms around him. \"Excuse me, 'thing'?!\" The Mask shouted incredulously, suddenly getting lost in Tina's eyes. He started grinding his teeth, desperate for her, and planted a kiss on her lips, his hands running down the back of her tight black and red dress. As his hands moved down her back, Tina's hands moved up, deftly digging her long nails into The Mask's green rubber seam at the back of his head - he pulled away from the kiss, his jaw dropping onto the metal rail of the bridge as she started pulling. \"Guhhh!\" he moaned, convulsing as she giggled, draining his powers as she pried the mask apart, peeling it towards her. \"Stop it, hot stuff! I get the joke! Very funny, now cut it out, I'm - I'm -\" The Mask stammered, his cut features and high cheekbones shrivelling into green wood as a tornado began whipping around his suit, transforming him back to normal. As Stanley stumbled back in a cloud, he looked up to see Tina's face already covered in the green wood, her legs wobbling on her high heels as the mask transformed her. Its tendrils gripped her scalp fiercely, completely covering her blonde hair as she backed up into the railing, her curves filling out dramatically as her transformation completed. She looked to him with wild, piercing eyes, her chest heaving with new energy. \"Ssssssmokin!\" Tina bellowed, grinding her huge teeth, her new busty-bombshell figure bulging in her tight black dress. \"Ti...Tina?\" Stanley stammered, timidly, reaching out to touch her waist to see if she was real. He barely recognized the bald girl in front of him, her long blonde hair trapped underneath the smooth, thick surface of the mask, which made her gorgeous facial features even more dramatic. \"What's the matter? See something you like?\" she said, putting her hands on her hips, looking down at her cartoonish cleavage and tiny waist. Stanley couldn't even muster a response, he just stared, leading Tina to narrow her eyes, something evil brewing. She grinded her teeth, and in a few spins, made herself more muscular, stockier, almost like Gina Carano, as she took another step towards Stanley. \"You're just JEALOUS.\" she said slyly, picking Stanley up and gingerly tossing him in the air above her, catching him by the ankles, dangling him over the water. \"See you later, sweetheart. Enjoy a little dip,\" she said, winking, and let go of his legs, sending him plummeting relatively safely to the river as she turned around, dusting off her hands, adjusting the mask to fit even tighter. Walking towards the city, the sky becoming an inky black, she transformed out of her muscular Gina Carano physique and striped dress into a tight black latex suit, opting for her more traditional busty bombshell figure, ready to seduce anyone she came across. She squinted, looking at one particular skyscraper in the distance as she walked along the bridge, determined. \"Hmm, I'd better make a little stop.\"[Chapter 2] Glass showered across a marble floor as Tina broke into the empty Edge City Bank, shards bouncing off her tight black latex suit as she stepped over the jagged doorframe. It was night – no one was around, and all that could be heard was the sound of her high heels and squeaky latex suit echoing in the enormous bank. She grinned to herself, heading towards the vault, feeling more and more confident by the second. \"Who knew wearing the mask was this much fun?\" she said to herself, winking to a security camera as she passed it by, blowing a kiss to another, playfully putting a 'sizzling' finger on her rear to a third camera as she arrived a thick, barred gate, the vault lying just behind it. She rubbed her hands together, grinding her teeth with excitement at the challenge as she reached out and bent the bars like liquorice, muscles bulging in her catsuit for just the instant that she needed them, before snapping back to her svelte, hourglass figure. \"Ooooh, perfect,\" she said, squeezing through the new gap in the bars, struggling to shove her bust past the narrow opening before she stumbled into the other side, running her hands down her latex suit, adjusting it. \"Now for the real show…\" she said, playfully fingering the combination dial to the enormous bank vault door. She shimmied right up to it, pressing the ear of her mask against the cold metal. She slipped her tongue past her lips slowly, extending it longer and longer before wrapping it around the combination lock dial, tightening her grip on it like some strange creature. With a huge smile on her face, her mouth wide open, she began spinning the combination dial back and forth, retracting and extending her tongue as needed as she felt and heard it click, drool dripping onto her long, black legs, slowly cracking the combination. CLANG. The bolts popped back inside the vault door, and it slowly, silently, swung away from Tina. Wiping the drool off her rubbery lips, she chuckled to herself, stepping in. \"This was too easy!\" Just then, a pair of hands grabbed her shoulders, a head popping out from behind her – it was Stanley, in his signature yellow suit, also wearing…The Mask? \"Am I late to the party, sweetheart?\" he shouted, grinding her teeth back and forth before shoving her into the vault, slamming the enormous door behind him. She slid along the marble floor, gasping, her latex suit screeching, before slamming face-first into a wall of safety deposit boxes. Massaging her face back to a three-dimensional shape, she looked up at The Mask, approaching her. \"But…*I'm* wearing it – how can you…\" \"Looks like I caught a lucky break under that bridge! It seems there's more than one mask in town. After all, finders keepers, losers weepers…\" he said, cackling, picking her up by the head, taking out a key from his pocket with his other hand and deftly opening a small safety deposit box, shoving and slamming Tina's masked face with the door of it, holding her still. \"Nggghghhh!\" her limbs sprawled as he greedily ran his hands up and down her curves before examining the seam at the back of her mask, pinching it. \"I don't think you'll be needing this anymore…\" he concluded, violently plunging his hand into it and pulling, beginning to unmask her. Tina stood up stood up straight, pulling her face out of the metal box, gasping and moaning at the feeling of losing her powers, staring straight into The Mask's greedy, devious eyes. Just as Tina's luscious figure and black latex began melting back into her normal dress, her mask withering and wrinkling back into wood, she reached into Stanley's pocket and pulled out an enormous mallet, using all her remaining strength to crack him in the face with it. WHAM! He flew across the vault, slamming into the closed door, half-unconscious. \"Hmmph!\" Tina exclaimed, fixing her mask, regaining her perfect looks as she strutted towards him with a mix of rage and psychotic delight. She dropped onto her knees, straddling The Mask, grabbing him by the rubbery cheeks so he would listen. \"Listen, IPKISS. I know you're nothing without that mask, and it's finally *my* turn to take this city.\" she said, viciously, spit flying with every other word. The Mask grimaced, still trying to maintain his confidence, grinning cheekily as he felt her straddle him. \"I take my eye off you for one second, and you go and steal my powers? You know better than that.\" he said, lecturing her. \"I'm not just some floozy, helpless girlfriend anymore! I'm The MASK!\" she shouted, banging his head against the floor for effect, which he seemed to enjoy. \"I think that's my name, sweetheart. Plus, you know I'm more powerful than you. You'll never stand a chance. Go ahead and take it off now, I'll wait…\" he said, grinning. She arched an eyebrow. \"Oh YEAH?\" she said, grinning, and unzipped a few inches of her latex suit down the front with one hand, painfully slowly. As the zipper dropped down, her enormous new cleavage bulged as the fabric opened, her chest hanging just inches away from The Mask's face. His jaw dropped, and before he could made a crude remark, she smothered his rubbery face with it, his yellow-suited legs and arms kicking as she giggling, continuing to straddle him, leaning forward more and more, her hands wrapping around the back of his mask. \"Mmmph! MMMPH!\" he shouted, unable to think or breathe, as Tina grinned with delight. Still smothering him, she fumbling around, and finally found the seam at the back of his mask. Tina pondered if she should pull it off, pondered what would happen if she had the power of two masks…","LastChapter":"Glass showered across a marble floor as Tina broke into the empty Edge City Bank, shards bouncing off her tight black latex suit as she stepped over the jagged doorframe. It was night – no one was around, and all that could be heard was the sound of her high heels and squeaky latex suit echoing in the enormous bank. She grinned to herself, heading towards the vault, feeling more and more confident by the second. \"Who knew wearing the mask was this much fun?\" she said to herself, winking to a security camera as she passed it by, blowing a kiss to another, playfully putting a 'sizzling' finger on her rear to a third camera as she arrived a thick, barred gate, the vault lying just behind it. She rubbed her hands together, grinding her teeth with excitement at the challenge as she reached out and bent the bars like liquorice, muscles bulging in her catsuit for just the instant that she needed them, before snapping back to her svelte, hourglass figure. \"Ooooh, perfect,\" she said, squeezing through the new gap in the bars, struggling to shove her bust past the narrow opening before she stumbled into the other side, running her hands down her latex suit, adjusting it. \"Now for the real show…\" she said, playfully fingering the combination dial to the enormous bank vault door. She shimmied right up to it, pressing the ear of her mask against the cold metal. She slipped her tongue past her lips slowly, extending it longer and longer before wrapping it around the combination lock dial, tightening her grip on it like some strange creature. With a huge smile on her face, her mouth wide open, she began spinning the combination dial back and forth, retracting and extending her tongue as needed as she felt and heard it click, drool dripping onto her long, black legs, slowly cracking the combination. CLANG. The bolts popped back inside the vault door, and it slowly, silently, swung away from Tina. Wiping the drool off her rubbery lips, she chuckled to herself, stepping in. \"This was too easy!\" Just then, a pair of hands grabbed her shoulders, a head popping out from behind her – it was Stanley, in his signature yellow suit, also wearing…The Mask? \"Am I late to the party, sweetheart?\" he shouted, grinding her teeth back and forth before shoving her into the vault, slamming the enormous door behind him. She slid along the marble floor, gasping, her latex suit screeching, before slamming face-first into a wall of safety deposit boxes. Massaging her face back to a three-dimensional shape, she looked up at The Mask, approaching her. \"But…*I'm* wearing it – how can you…\" \"Looks like I caught a lucky break under that bridge! It seems there's more than one mask in town. After all, finders keepers, losers weepers…\" he said, cackling, picking her up by the head, taking out a key from his pocket with his other hand and deftly opening a small safety deposit box, shoving and slamming Tina's masked face with the door of it, holding her still. \"Nggghghhh!\" her limbs sprawled as he greedily ran his hands up and down her curves before examining the seam at the back of her mask, pinching it. \"I don't think you'll be needing this anymore…\" he concluded, violently plunging his hand into it and pulling, beginning to unmask her. Tina stood up stood up straight, pulling her face out of the metal box, gasping and moaning at the feeling of losing her powers, staring straight into The Mask's greedy, devious eyes. Just as Tina's luscious figure and black latex began melting back into her normal dress, her mask withering and wrinkling back into wood, she reached into Stanley's pocket and pulled out an enormous mallet, using all her remaining strength to crack him in the face with it. WHAM! He flew across the vault, slamming into the closed door, half-unconscious. \"Hmmph!\" Tina exclaimed, fixing her mask, regaining her perfect looks as she strutted towards him with a mix of rage and psychotic delight. She dropped onto her knees, straddling The Mask, grabbing him by the rubbery cheeks so he would listen. \"Listen, IPKISS. I know you're nothing without that mask, and it's finally *my* turn to take this city.\" she said, viciously, spit flying with every other word. The Mask grimaced, still trying to maintain his confidence, grinning cheekily as he felt her straddle him. \"I take my eye off you for one second, and you go and steal my powers? You know better than that.\" he said, lecturing her. \"I'm not just some floozy, helpless girlfriend anymore! I'm The MASK!\" she shouted, banging his head against the floor for effect, which he seemed to enjoy. \"I think that's my name, sweetheart. Plus, you know I'm more powerful than you. You'll never stand a chance. Go ahead and take it off now, I'll wait…\" he said, grinning. She arched an eyebrow. \"Oh YEAH?\" she said, grinning, and unzipped a few inches of her latex suit down the front with one hand, painfully slowly. As the zipper dropped down, her enormous new cleavage bulged as the fabric opened, her chest hanging just inches away from The Mask's face. His jaw dropped, and before he could made a crude remark, she smothered his rubbery face with it, his yellow-suited legs and arms kicking as she giggling, continuing to straddle him, leaning forward more and more, her hands wrapping around the back of his mask. \"Mmmph! MMMPH!\" he shouted, unable to think or breathe, as Tina grinned with delight. Still smothering him, she fumbling around, and finally found the seam at the back of his mask. Tina pondered if she should pull it off, pondered what would happen if she had the power of two masks…","Summary":" \"You sure you're not going to miss this guy? When he's gone, all that's left is me...\" Stanley mu","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Adventure Romance -  Tina C. - Chapters: 2   - Words: 1,653 - Reviews: 7 - Favs: 8 - Follows: 8 - Updated: 3 14 2016 - Published: 2 24 2016 - id: 11808149 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Flesh of My Flesh","Author":"Matrix Refugee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1074230","Passage":"[Chapter 1] +J.M.J.+ Flesh of My Flesh By \"Matrix Refugee\" Author's Note: I'm better known for my \"A.I.\" fanfics (Jude Law fans: whichrnsee, please!), but I thought I'd take a brief break from them for a slightrnchange of pace…but I couldn't completely get away from writing fics featuring arncharacter portrayed by a certain divinely beautiful, outstandingly talented,rngreen-eyed Englishman, could I??? I have to admit that Gattaca isn'trnreally among my favorite films; I admire it more than I actually like it. The cinematographyrnis remarkably executed and the script is very tightly written, but the endingrnbrassed me off. Jerome (Eugene) didn't deserve to die, even if he chose it, andrneven if he was a bit of a jerk. So…hence this alternate ending fiction. I havernto admit, there's a bit of me in Jerome (Eugene) here, since I've had problemsrnwith suicidal ideations. I also have to admit there's a lot of me in the femalerncharacter in this (We both have the same condition, and our speech patterns arernsimilar), but it it's hardly enough to warrant the \"Mary Sue\" label. Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Gattaca , its characters,rnconcepts (including jargon), or other indicia which are the property of SonyrnPictures, Andrew Niccol, et al. Chapter I ImPatient Irony of ironies, all is irony… They caught me in the act: firstrnthe Hoovers, then my family… I had let myself get snarled up inrnthe whole borrowed ladder operation involving the InValid Vincent Freeman justrnfor something to do, to relieve the deadening tedium of my pointless existence.rnAnd what happened? The wretched broken ladder had to get himself snarled up inrna murder investigation involving the death of one of the directors at thernGattaca Aeronautics Center, where, as I found, he'd once worked as a janitor. Thernmorning Vincent/Jerome left earth with the exploration team going to Titan, Irnhad it all set: I was, as I told him, doing a little traveling myself—into thernnext life, if there is one. I had the perfect escape route:rnthe large incineration chamber where Vincent had scrubbed himself clean of allrnloose hairs and skin cells each morning, erasing the evidence of his truerngenetic identity. For all genetic intents and purposes, he was JeromernMorrow. I was nobody. I was just the supplier of his passport: blood samples,rnhair samples, skin cells, even urine samples. He was welcome to it. Peoplernremember the gold medallists, not the silver medallists. The world would hardlyrnblink when it heard I had disappeared without a single trace. Nobody hardly noticedrnwhen I tried to end the sick joke of my life the first time. But as I dragged myself into the chamber,rnready for blastoff, someone knocked very loudly at the outer door of myrnapartment. I ignored it and hauled my useless legs over the sill of the chamber. The knock came louder, morerninsistent. \"Mr. Jerome Morrow, open up!\" an authoritarian voice called. I settled myself inside thernchamber, pulling my knees up. No turning back. \"We know you're in there,\" thernvoice said. The hall door opened. They mustrnhave had the superintendent's key. Just as I reached out to throw thernswitch and pull the door shut for takeoff, someone grabbed me by the wrists andrnhauled me out onto the floor. I looked up at a bulky older manrnin a standard issue blue suit. Beyond him, two younger goons in similar suitsrnhad set to work searching the apartment. \"Who are you?\" I demanded. The tall man took out a badge withrnan ID from inside his jacket. \"Lewin Pemberton, FBI, Identity Theft Division.\" \"You're mistaken,\" I said. \"Irnhaven't stolen anyone's identity.\" \"No, but you let an InValid borrowrnit,\" the Hoover said. \"I see we came just in time to save the chief source ofrnevidence from a fiery fate.\" \"Who told you I had anything to dornwith that?\" I demanded, but I quickly bit my tongue. That girl, Irene, Vincent's girlfriend,rnmust have told them everything she knew. She'd found out what we were up to. I suppose I should have made it arnlittle interesting for the Hoovers by resisting arrest, fighting back, whatnot.rnI couldn't do much in my condition, and I didn't want to add to my list ofrncharges either. They cuffed me and carried me out to a waiting van. I expected themrnto throw me in the clink, but instead, they brought me to the mental ward of arnlocal hospital. I ended up lying in a bed with my arms above my head, wrists boundrnto the headboard. That evening, my father showed up,rnthe first time he ever came to see me since I came over here to the States,rnwhere the family had packed me off to get me out of sight. \"Seems like just yesterday,\" I drawled. \"Jerome, why did you do this?\" hernsaid, glaring down at me. \"What, trying to end this farce orrnloaning the ladder to the InValid?\" \"Don't be ridiculous; I meantrntrying to kill yourself.\" \"Wouldn't it be cheaper then? Yournwouldn't have to pay me to stay off your back.\" \"You listen to me, boy. You almostrngave your mother a second heart attack. We can't put up with this kind ofrnnonsense. Am I clear?\" \"You couldn't be any more clearrnthan if you'd printed in huge block capitals.\" \"You are going to get yourselfrnsome professional help. You will find a reliable psychologist and you will workrnwith that counselor, or else you cannot expect to see another penny from me.\" \"So what am I supposed to do? Justrnpick a name out of the telephone directory?\" \"No. I'm going to ask your primaryrnphysician to refer you to someone.\" \"Let me be the one to do that,\" Irninsisted. \"For God's sake, I'm twenty-nine years old; I'm not longer in kneernpants.\" \"You act as if you were.\" Later that evening, when therndoctor came later to check and make sure I was still breathing, I brought uprnthe subject—and to ask how long I had to stay there. \"We have to keep you underrnobservation for a few days more till we can determine how fit you are to bernreleased. But I know of at least one psychologist who would be ideal for you,\"rnhe said. \"I'll clear it with your primary care physician first.\" \"Man or woman?\" \"I'll tell you when the referral clears.\" After three days, the doctorsrndecided I wasn't going to make another attempt on my life, so they removed thernrestraints and let me move about as much as I could in my condition. I stayedrnin my corner of the ward as much as I could. The place wasn't exactly Bedlam, butrnit was bad enough: drug addicts, manic-depressives, depression cases. There wasrnone kid of twenty who was every bit as lucid as I was, but who kept urinatingrnagainst the walls, regardless of what the orderlies told him. InValids all of them, I realized. True,rnI had shared my apartment with the InValid Vincent Freeman, the one who got merninto this mess, but that was a whole different matter. I could have turned himrnout if his presence had thoroughly bored me enough. But these…I couldn't escapernfrom these except to avoid associating with them. The wretched doctors kept me therernfor two weeks, to make certain I wasn't going to pull anything else. ThernHoovers dropped the charges against me: I gave them the name and number of thernladder salesman who'd sold my ladder to Vincent, which reduced my penalty downrnto a $2,000 fine. At the end of the same period, myrnphysician, Lockheed, arranged for my first appointment with the shrink, one Dr.rnM. Koestelbaum. This allowed me permission to go home, but they had a visitingrnnurse come in twice a day to see that I hadn't choked myself with a lamp cord yet.rnI honestly think they sent this frumpy old bag in her sixties on purpose,rnprobably has that broken rung that causes Alzheimer's. Tuesday morning found me in thernwaiting room of Dr. Koestelbaum's office. I occupied myself with wondering whatrnthe M stood for. Probably Martin or Morris or Merton or Melvin. Or worse:rnMartha or Margaret. I saw her in my mind's eye: a dowdy dame in her laternfifties, iron gray hair pulled back in a bun, cat's eye glasses and a thick layerrnof foundation covering up her mustache. A middle-sized woman (middle-sizedrnto someone who can look her in the eye instead of her midriff; everyone overrnthe age of seven towers over me) in her late twenties walked in, clad in arnlong, loose-cut pearl gray tunic embroidered in purple around the hem, therncuffs of the sleeves and the high but collarless neckline and baggy pants ofrnthe same material, the kind of outfit you generally see Pakistani women wear. Shernwas white to guess from her ivory colored skin and red-brown hair; notrnoutstandingly beautiful but not ugly. She smiled down at me as shernwalked by on her way into the office. I managed to return a brief smile, just tornbe polite. Probably the secretary… A moment later, the girl in gray camernout; she stooped down to my level. \"Hello, you must be Jerome. I'mrnDr. Minerva Koestelbaum.\" \"Pleased to meet you,\" I managed. Shernheld out her hand to me; I shook it just for the sake of formality. She had arngentle but firm handshake, almost like a man's. \"Shall we get started?\" she asked. I heaved myself out of the waitingrnroom chair into my wheelchair. \"The sooner we get started is the sooner I canrnget this the h--- over with,\" I said. I wheeled myself after her as she ledrnthe way to the office door. She opened it and stepped aside, holding it for me.rnI glanced up at her face, expecting that pitying stare most people give me whenrnthey hold doors for me. But I didn't find it. She had a serene, quiet face, oddlyrnlike the face of the Japanese moon goddess on the scroll my mother had on thernwall of her sitting room. The office was a well-lit room,rnclean but not tidy, not the way I prefer rooms to be. Bookshelves lined thernwalls and what wasn't covered by shelves was covered with framed pictures: framedrnphotographs and children's loud-colored scrawls of drawings. A black leatherrncouch faced a couple of armchairs and beyond them, close to one wall, stood arnhotdesk with a flatscreen monitor perpendicular to the desktop. I made for the couch, liftedrnmyself out of my chair and onto the upholstery of the couch. \"I was about to offer you therncouch, but I'm glad you've made yourself at home,\" she said. \"I figured I'd keep to thernpsychologist clichés, the shrink with the patient on the couch,\" I said. Allrnshe needed to do to complete the picture was to wear rimless glasses and speakrnin a German accent. She took an old-fashioned yellowrnpad of paper and a manila folder from the desk top and drew one of thernarmchairs closer to the couch and sat down opposite me. \"I hope you don't mind if I takernnotes,\" she said. \"It's the only way I can keep track of the conversation; Irnused to use a voice recorder, but some people find it annoying.\" \"Whatever,\" I muttered. She opened the folder. \"I've alsorngot your complete medical history here…Your full name is Jerome Eugene Morrow,rnyou were born in Castlereagh, England, December 29, 2054. You are a Valid;rnyou've had no major illnesses…you have a lot of reports on physicals, onrnaccount of your being—my!—a championship swimmer, went all the way to FrankfurtrnSummer Olympics of 2078. You must have a lot of fond memories of that.\" \"In a manner of speaking,\" Irnreplied, not looking up. \"I'd better warn you, Jerome: Irnhave a lie-o-meter built into my head; you can't lie or withhold the truth fromrnme completely, no matter how hard you try.\" I noticed her hands lacked anyrnrings, wedding or engagement or otherwise; probably didn't have a boyfriend torngive her any, and with her built in lie-o-meter, she probably couldn't get one. \"And…oh dear, it says here yournwere involved in a car accident about six months after you won your silverrnmedal. Your lower lumbar vertebrae were smashed and your spinal cord wasrnthree-quarters severed. That must have been a terrible setback.\" \"I survived it, didn't I?\" Irnshrugged. She looked over the top of thernfolder, but she went on. \"Your physician, Carlton Lockheed, referred you to mernbecause you tried to suicide in an incinerator…I have to admit I've seen arnnumber of suicidal people before, and most of them went pretty much by therntextbook: trying to shoot themselves or drown themselves or overdose onrnsleeping pills. But yours was original to say the least.\" I shrugged. \"I wanted to bernthorough.\" \"What led you to attempt this? Isrnthat what's brought you here today?\" \"You might call it that. My fatherrnthreatened to cut me off from my allowance unless I got therapy. On account ofrnthe obvious, I don't have any other income.\" \"It sounds to me, from this andrnfrom your general attitude, that you don't want to be here.\" \"It's either come here or end uprnon the street.\" \"Well…if you don't feel ready torntalk about this, maybe we can just spend this session getting to know eachrnother a little better. \"I think you know quite a bitrnabout me already.\" Without turning her face away fromrnme, she turned and put the folder back on the desk. \"That's just a lot of factsrnabout Jerome the organism. That doesn't tell me much about Jerome the humanrnbeing.\" \"Well, you've found out one thingrnabout me: you know that I don't wan to be here.\" \"Can you tell me why, or would yournrather not?\" \"It was my father's idea,\" I said.rnI told her about what led to my second suicide attempt; I didn't let out onernword about the first, the event that landed me in this wheelchair. \"So you've been paraplegic forrnthree years now?\" she asked. \"For God's sake, call me what Irnam: I'm crippled .\" \"Okay,\" she said slowly. \"Do yournuse that word to be blunt, or do you use it to whip yourself?\" she asked. I honestly couldn't reply. Irndidn't know. I have to admit that woman got mernthinking… Helping Vincent/Jerome wasrnprobably the most decent thing I'd ever done with my life, but it had cost me.rnHe had what I didn't. He had his dreams of reaching for the stars. Mine hadrndied on the highway outside London. Vincent Freeman…of the two of us, he wasrnthe real free man, though I had more privileges. Crippled . I knew why I insisted on thatrnword. I was crippled of soul as well as of limb. But who was she to ask thisrnquestion of me? After Nurse Ratched, or whateverrnher name was, had gone for the night, Eckart, my only real friend, came uprnbringing along a case of vodka and a carton of Turkish cigarettes. He runs arnracket on imports like this, as well as on less consumable and tangiblerncommodities. \"I need some information,\" I toldrnhim. It took me a couple stiff drinks to get up the courage to admit that tornhim. \"What, you need another under therntable background check?\" he asked. \"Besides, should you really be talking to mernnow that the Hoovers got you on the radar?\" \"I just need a little informationrnabout a woman.\" \"Ohhh, that kind, eh? Don't wantrnto get too interested before you find out the worst, is that it? Give me a namernand a few identifying marks: Blonde? Brunette? Redhead?\" \"No, it's much more professionalrnthan that.\" I handed him Dr. Koestelbaum's card. \"This one. She's a shrink.\" \"This should be bloody easy. I betrnyou could do it yourself if your brain could get up off its a--.\" \"Watch it, Eckart.\" \"Sorry.\" \"I want her DNA record.\" \"Why, you suspecting her of beingrna borrowed ladder? Trying to curry favor with the Hoovers by turning in anrnillegal?\" \"I just want to know who my fatherrnroped me into seeing for therapy, to see if she's competent.\" Eckart took the card. \"Nornproblem.\" He made the card vanish before my very eyes, then pulled it out of myrnvest pocket. \"Don't lose that. My life is atrnstake,\" I warned. He gave me a sidewise, jeeringrnlook, as if to say, 'you didn't seem so worried about your life when thernHoovers caught you'. Next evening, Eckart had returned,rnholding up a CD-RW like a medal. \"Take a look at what I found,rnJere,\" he said, putting the disk into the drive on my desktop. He punched a fewrnkeys. A page opened up on the screen.rnDr. Koestelbaum's picture appeared, along with a brief profile and a chart ofrnher DNA. InValid. Genetic related defects: Overbite Myopia Allergies: pollen, dust, latex Asperger's Syndrome \"Good God, I'm surrounded byrnInValids!\" I groaned, pushing myself down in my chair. \"Yeah, it's an InValid who bringsrnyour cigarettes.\" \"InValids seem to be my lot inrnlife. How on earth did she ever get qualified? Someone like her ought to bernemptying the bedpans in the hospital, not treating mental patients.\" \"Including Valids like you, Irnsuppose.\" \"I'm not a mental patient,\" Irnretorted. \"Then how come you're seeing her?\" \"I told you, it's my father'srnidea.\" \"Well, you ain't gonna like what Irngot to say, but I'll say it anyway: I think you started this whole chain ofrnevents, whether you're troubled or not.\" I looked up at him. He's so ugly Irnshouldn't let him near me: I might catch the uglies from him. At least he's sornshort I can almost look him in the eye; his olive tinted skin has a muddy castrnto it and his face is so thin it reminds me of a skull. I suppose you could sayrnI keep him around for the same reason the medieval scholars used to keep arnskull on their desks. With him hanging around, I've got the skull though itrnhappens to still be attached to the rest of the InValid. He's right, dammit. The next time I went in forrnanother appointment with the InValid, I went in well armed with information. I did a little research on my ownrnabout Asperger's Syndrome. It seems they're incredibly bright—for geneticrndefectives—but they tend to get stuck in their own little worlds, they fixaternon narrow, bizarre interests—doorknobs, nineteenth-century bookbindingrntechniques, android movies—and they also tend to miss or fail to interpretrnsocial cues and non-verbal communication (eye contact, etc.). This could provernuseful. I suppose it was good I had arnfemale therapist who's an Asperger's case: I could ogle her up and down but shernwouldn't notice what I was up to. I actually tried this. I was lyingrnon her couch, eyeing her up and down from under lowered lids, wondering whatrnthat light, loose Pakistani tunic she wore concealed. I was just imagining howrnshe'd look spread out on the floor, when she suddenly got up and stabbed arnpencil into the back of my hand. \"What the h--- did you do thatrnfor?!\" I demanded, pulling myself upright. \"You were ogling me,\" she said.rn\"And I will not allow that kind of behavior in my office.\" \"How do you know?\" She knelt down to my level, herrnviolet blue eyes on fire. \"I'm twenty-seven years old, and I've seen men oglingrnme for fifteen years. I should know what an ogle looks like by now. Plus, yournwere looking at me through your lashes, which leads me to believe you had somethingrnto hide.\" \"How would you know? Can yournprocess that non-verbal communication?\" She looked at me, her browsrngathered. \"I didn't think so. You ought tornbe treated, not me.\" But even as I said this, her look changed. \"How did you find out?\" \"That's not as important as howrnyou got to where you are,\" I said. \"You're an InValid.\" \"That's true,\" she admitted. \"Myrnparents were devout Catholics. They got married right about the time PopernBenedict XX promulgated his encyclical Humani Imago Dei , On Non-TherapeuticrnGenetic Manipulation. They obeyed its teachings and had me as a GodChild, thernold-fashioned way. They raised me as if I were a Valid. They had connections:rnthey knew people who could get me the necessary permits and have the exceptionrnclauses signed. There are legal ways: you just have to find the right lawyers.rnI made up my mind that if I couldn't fix the system myself, that I'd helprnpeople live to their best inside the system as it stands. And that's why I'mrnhere to help you.\" \"In case you've forgotten, I'm arnValid,\" I reminded her. \"That's true. But you're every bitrnas imprisoned.\" \"Don't remind me,\" I snapped,rnlooking down at my useless legs. \"I wasn't referring to that, I wasrnreferring to something else.\" I knew what she meant, but I didn'trnwant to hear it. \"How could I be imprisoned? You were the one who had to buckrnthe system.\" \"Let me tell you how it is withrnme, and maybe you can tell me how it is with you. \"Try to imagine what its likernhaving the genetic identity chip on your National ID card scanned and havingrnthe same clerk or guard or whatnot ignore the Honorary Valid stamp on the card,rnjust because the chip scanned InValid. Try having your ex-fiance reject yournjust because he found out your ladder has a few damaged rungs. \"Besides,\" she added, putting herrnhead on one side with an innocently flirtatious smile. \"With your looks, I betrna lot of girls don't notice your handicap.\" \"Oh, they notice, since they havernto look down to look into my eyes—unless they're three foot dwarves,\" Irnretorted. \"The only way I can get a date is if I pay for it.\" \"You need to try harder.\" I was tempted to say, 'I couldrnstart with you', but I didn't want a sexual harassment charge added to thernladder-selling charge on my record. \"What woman wants…a cripple,\" Irnsnipped, but even I could hear my voice wobble. \"Can you tell me why you use thatrnword?\" I moistened my lips, but my tonguernfelt like sandpaper. \"I think it's because my soul is crippled.\" Then it happened. The water-worksrnturned on in my eyes and I started sniveling like a baby. Minerva put her hand on mine. \"Gornon. Get it out. You'll feel better once you get that out of your system.\" She offered me a tissue. I pushedrnit away, hiding my eyes from her. But she took my wrists in her hands andrnlooked into my face. Though my tears half blinded me, I could tell she wasrnfighting back the tears herself. So much for the inability to processrnnon-verbal communication. I have to admit, I felt rotten,rnbut I felt better when I got home. My hand went for the bottle of vodka I'drnhidden behind the couch, but I stopped it. I took a long hot bath that night.rnI swore I could feel something seeping out of my body, like a venom I'd keptrnbottled up in my veins for too long. I slept that night like I hadn'trnslept in years, the kind of sound, satisfying slumber I used to have after arnsuccessful competition. Come to think of it, I suppose you'd say I had just hadrna successful competition, against my worst opponent. To be continued… Literary Easter Eggs: Doorknobs, et al—The first two arernactual fixed interests some people with Asperger's Syndrome have had, while thernlast is one of my own.[Chapter 2] +J.M.J.+ Flesh of My Flesh By \"Matrix Refugee\" Author's Note: Didn't want to keep you in too much suspense…I got into thisrnfic so much that, in addition to doing a lot of heavy-duty 'Net research onrnspinal cord injuries (apologies to the lady who was doing research on arndifferent topic via the same medical info site, whose printouts kept gettingrnmixed up with mine!), I also went out and ordered the soundtrack CD to help mernget the \"feel\" of the film into this fic. It's some of the most incredible filmrnmusic I've ever heard: lyrical, minimalist, sensuous, stark, hopeful,rndevastating…(Also note: if I got any of the finer details, plotwise orrnastronomical, wrong, please bear with me: it's been a while since I saw thernfilm, and I'm also a little rusty on my planetology). Disclaimer: See chapter I. I also don't own the famous \"Serenity Prayer\"rnwhich appears here. II Validation To be utterly frank, this InValidrngot me using brain neurons I'd been ignoring… Whether I liked it or not, Dr.rnKoestelbaum got under my skin in the worst way. I stopped gritting my teethrnevery time I had an appointment—and per order my physician and my father, Irnwent in twice a week. She never failed to keep me amused, watching her methodsrnin action was some of the best performing I had ever seen. But right when Irnthought I could skirt some issue and get away with it, she would insertrnsomething I hardly expected. And what she lacked in Validity she made up for inrnpersistence. \"Tell me about your family. Whatrnwas it like for you growing up? What was your relationship with your parents?rnWhat was their relationship like from what you could see? Did you have anyrnbrothers or sisters?\" \"What, do you want to know what itrnwas like to grow up as a genuine Valid?\" I asked. \"No, I was asking you about yourrnfamily in the subjective sense.\" \"All right, I see what you wantrnfrom me. \"My father was in bioengineering,rnso of course he had the jump on all the new research and genetic engineeringrntechniques that came out. Mum came from a wreck of a titled family, the Flytesrnof Marchmain, which had fallen on its luck, one of the younger daughters, so itrnhardly mattered who she married so long as he was respectable. \"They decided to improve the stockrnone step further. They removed the latent tendency toward heart disease andrnsenility in Mum's family, removed the glaucoma and arthritis that plagued myrnfather's side. They made sure I would have my mother's dark good looks and myrnfather's eyes and intellect. Oh, and they lengthened something on myrnchromosomes, something wasn't right and it caused shortened life expectancy.\" \"The telomeres, the ends of thernchromosomes.\" \"Yes, that sounds right.\" Her hand kept moving, writing thernwhole time I spoke, but she paused for a second, as if jotting down anrnobservation. \"So, they implanted what wouldrneventually become me on the 29th of March. Nine months later to thernday, I popped out; I guess you'd call me a Christmas present, though my parentsrnknew exactly what they were going to get: a male child, utterly perfect inrnevery respect. My father used to boast that I didn't let out a peep as thernnurses took the blood sample to check and make sure none of my rungs hadrncracked or shattered. But I was 100% pure Valid; my parents got their money'srnworth, close to a million Euros worth of genetic manipulation.\" \"So, did you have any brothers orrnsisters?\" \"No, it was enough trouble forrnthem to make me, as I later found out. I think I used to pest Mum about wantingrna little brother, but she always told me she couldn't have another child, thatrnshe'd had trouble having me: her heart gave out a moment after my birth. I wasrnfine, but Mum had to be resuscitated. \"All the while I was growing up,rnmy father never let me forget for a minute who I was and what I was. 'You're arnMorrow: we give our 200%, and I put 200% into making you what you are today'.\" \"The first part at least is fairlyrngood philosophy…but it all depends on what spirit you do it in.\" \"In that case, I suppose my fatherrnwas completely in the wrong spirit about it.\" \"He sounds as if he does. The factrnthat he's used threats to get you into therapy…\" \"I'm here, aren't I? This isrnJerome Eugene Morrow you're speaking with.\" \"But you keep coming back here,rnand you keep talking about what's bothering you.\" \"It's either that or out on the street.\" \"My lie-o-meter is picking up arnsignal. I think you really want to be helped.\" She leaned forward slightly,rnlooking at me. \"I think the inner Jerome, the real Jerome, the one whom thernouter Jerome keeps trying to silence with sarcasm, wants to come out into thernworld.\" \"You can blame my father forrnthat.\" \"Yes, he was a large contributorrnto your problems, but it's never that simple. There are always many otherrnfactors. \"Tell me about your mother. Whatrnwas she like?\" \"If you'd been around her any lengthrnof time, your lie-o-meter would be ticking like a sped-up clock. \"She gave everyone the impressionrnthat she and I were very close, when we weren't.\" \"It's interesting you should putrnit that way.\" \"Why?\" \"Because you keep referring tornyour father as 'father', but you often refer to your mother as 'Mum'.\" \"It's an old habit. My fatherrndidn't want to be called anything less than 'father'. As I was saying… She madernmost of the decisions about my schooling and activities, hired the best tutorsrnfor me, saw to it that all my needs were adequately met and then some. You'drnsay she spoiled me; it didn't take long for me to figure out that I could getrnaround her very easily. I don't think she quite knew what to do with me, so shernkept my schedule packed to make certain she was never stuck with me. She leftrnmost of my basic care in the hands of a succession of nannies and governesses.rnI honestly believe she was terrified of me, as if I were some freak of nature.\" \"Why do you say that?\" \"Whenever she actually hugged me,rnit was very stiff, wooden, it never felt right, only forced. It was like beingrnhugged by a robot.\" \"That might be another part of whyrnyou've built these walls around yourself. You're afraid of being hurt byrnpeople, so you distance yourself from them. But that only hurts you more.\" I wasn't about to argue that.rnShe'd found the crack in my armor, the soft spot under the dragon's wing.rnSuddenly I had nothing to say in reply to this. My usual acerbic wit failed mernwhen I needed it the most. Or was it somehow supposed to do that?\" A shadow drifted over me. Irnrealized I'd closed my eyes. I opened them and looked up. Minerva knelt beside the couch,rnlooking down at me. \"Sit up,\" she said. I pulled myself upright, facingrnher. \"Do you want a hug?\" she asked.rn\"Do you think you need one?\" \"I…I don't know…\" No one had everrnasked me that, so I hardly knew how to reply. \"I…suppose, yes.\" \"It's not that kind of arnhug,\" she said. She put one am around me, behind my head, the other across myrnchest and pressed me to her shoulder. My hand went to the crook of her elbow,rnintending to push her away, but I drew her to me. I stopped myself: I couldn'trnhave the stereotypical male-patient-falling-for-his-female-therapist kind ofrnscenario on my hands, for obvious reasons. I couldn't remember the last timernanyone had touched me and held me like that. Most of the local escort servicesrnhad me blacklisted as being too nasty, amongst other reasons (Eckart found thisrnout for me). Vincent used to carry me from my bed to my chair, but that was outrnof necessity and duty. I made sure I didn't cry thisrntime. She'd seen me in tears before, she didn't need to have to see me likernthat at every appointment. She let me go slowly; I kept myrneyes averted from her slightly. \"How doe you feel now?\" she asked. \"Dreadful,\" I said. \"Thank you,\" Irnadded. \"You're welcome.\" I'd started sketching again. I'mrncertainly no Hogarth, but I'm good at simple portraits—this is no 'dumb jock'rnhere. My parents, especially my mother, went to enough trouble with me to seernthat I had a well-balanced education. I started roughing out a fewrnthings, nothing major, after Nurse Rutherford (that's sort of close to Ratched,rnisn't it?) had come by that evening to see if my pulse was still beating. The intercom buzzed again. \"Hey, Jerome,rnyou alive in there?\" Eckart's deep slightly sandpapery voice. \"Get going, I'm busy,\" I retorted. \"Doing what? Or do you haverncompany?\" \"None of your business. Now be offrnwith you!\" The door opened and Eckart steppedrnin. I tried to ignore him, but he walked right up to me. He looked down at myrnpad, cranking his head around to get a better look at it. \"How did you get in here?\" Irndemanded. He held up a lock pick, pointingrnat it with his other hand. \"One of the tools of my trade. It's helped me out ofrnsome tight situations.\" He pocketed and leaned over me,rnresting his pointy chin into my shoulder. \"Now what have we here?\" I'd sketched a few things, arncircle, a sphere, a cube, a fern frond, an eagle, a female profile. \"Oh, just arnfew scratches.\" He leaned over my shoulder, hisrneye on the female profile. \"Looks a little like the Frau Dokter InValid, or amrnI mistaken?\" \"Probably your InValid eyesight.\" He grinned in one corner of hisrnmouth. \"Sooo, our Diogenes in his barrel has started getting interested, eh?rnDoes she do other things for you besides shrinking your head?\" \"Far from it,\" I said. \"It's justrna female profile.\" \"You must be interested, you'rerngetting defensive.\" \"Now what brought you up here?\" \"Just checking up on you like arngood friend; you haven't placed an order in a while, so I started to get arnlittle concerned, thought maybe you'd taken a turn for the worse.\" \"I'm cutting back,\" I said,rnglancing at the ashtray on the table at my elbow. I'd only smoked tworncigarettes all day. \"Ahhh, doctor's orders?\" \"Yes.\" He looked me in the eye. \"Get arnnote from her, I'm not convinced. For all I know you could be doing this to getrninto her good graces—amongst other things.\" \"For god's sake, she's anrnAsperger's: she barely knows anything about romance or sex except in thernabstract.\" \"Done your homework on her brokenrnrung, I see.\" \"Just so I'd know what I wasrngetting into.\" He nodded ever so slightly, eyesrnslitted. \"I see.\" He turned away but he kept his eye on me. \"Well, since yournobviously don't need me, and so you won't have another second to accuse me ofrnillegal entry, I'll be off with myself.\" He went out, closing the doorrnbehind him. I reached for the paper knife torncut out the female profile, but I merely cut out the sheet and stuck it intornthe back of the pad. \"Why did you choose swimming?\"rnMinerva (Dr. Koestelbaum) asked. \"What makes you ask that?\" Irnasked. \"I'm just curious, trying to fitrntogether all the artifacts that comprise your life.\" \"Like a number of things, it was Mum's—myrnmother's idea. Our house was near a pond, and Mum figured it would bernimpossible to keep me away from it, so almost as soon as I could walk and holdrnmy bladder control, she had me enrolled in swimming classes so I wouldn'trndrown. I took to it like the proverbial duck takes to water. One of therninstructors noticed how strong a swimmer I was even at an early age, so Mumrnmade it a fixture on my schedule.\" \"You must have enjoyed it.\" \"Sometimes I felt more at ease onrnwater than on dry land.\" \"Why is that?\" \"I don't know…To put it in a NewrnAge way, I guess I just felt one with the water or something.\" \"That's a good thing to have: lifernultimately arose from water, and our bodies, like the surface of our planet, isrncomprised two thirds of water. But some people don't have this gift, to feelrnone with the water.\" I didn't doubt it, but thernstatement seemed a little odd, unless it was just part of the Asperger's. But she went on. \"I'm not one ofrnthem, I'm afraid.\" \"Then how do you take a bath? Withrna sponge? Roll in dry sand?\" \"No, at least it's not thatrncrippling. It's just that I sink like a rock if I try to swim. I can't tell yournwhy I do this, it' just part of who I am, just as being able to commune withrnthe water is part of who you are. \"So who got you into competing?\" \"That was my father's idea. He gotrnme a trainer when I was fifteen, an older man, Ewan Muggeridge, a thoroughrnslave driver, but you have to be if you're going to polish the best of thernbest, and I was the best…should have been the best.\" \"I was about to ask you about thernOlympics, but if you're not ready to talk about that, you don't have to.\" \"No, you're the one asking all thernquestions; I'm supposed to answer them.\" \"You don't have to answer them ifrnthey make you too uncomfortable.\" \"Isn't that what this treatment isrnall about, making me uncomfortable so that I can eventually straighten out?\" \"You don't want to make yourselfrntoo uncomfortable, you have to pace yourself.\" \"There's very little that makes mernuncomfortable any more.\" She said nothing to this, but she had an odd smile asrnif I'd tripped her lie-o-meter yet again. \"They called me the water spriternbecause I seemed to just fuse with the water. Regionals, nationals, thernEuropean Union, the world championships: people used to say of me that when Irnshowed up at the meet, the rest of the entrants may as well have gone home. Sixrnregional gold medals, five nationals, four European Union titles, three worldrntitles, I was unbeatable, the finest of the finest. Then the Olympics…My fatherrnwanted me to enter sooner, but Muggeridge insisted I wasn't ready yet…that wasrnthe next challenge.\" I paused for dramatic effect. \"What happened there?\" she asked,rnencouraging. \"I don't know what happened.rn1,500m freestyle…I gave it my all, my 200%. But the entrant from Kenya bestedrnme by half a second and two tenths of a point.\" \"That narrow a margin? You mustrnhave been disappointed.\" \"Disappointed didn't begin torndescribe it. I was humiliated . This n----r InValid from Nairobi bestedrnme, for god's sake! Gabriel Mkasa won the gold; Million Euro Morrow got thernsilver. \"My father was all over my back inrnthe worst way. 'How could you do that? What have you been doing or not doing?'\"rnHe ranted at me for months.\" \"So, in addition to the badrnfeelings, the disappointment and humiliation of your own you were experiencing,rnyou had to endure your father's reproaches, his disappointment and how he tookrnit out on you.\" \"If I had a choice, I'd ratherrnthat he'd beaten me with his fists instead of cutting me up with the edge ofrnhis tongue.\" \"'Sticks and stones may bruisernyour bones, but words cut even deeper.\" \"Exactly.\" \"What did your mother think of allrnthis?\" \"She didn't let on with her ownrnfeelings. She kept saying I just had to train harder for the next Olympics, butrnI knew she was secretly sharing the same feelings as my father.\" \"This sounds like a sillyrnquestion, but it's something I've wanted to ask you: Did you ever swim thernEnglish Channel?\" \"No, that was supposed to followrnthe Olympic gold I should have struck. But an accident on the highway outsidernLondon buggered that dream.\" She had an odd look in her eyes,rnas if her lie-o-meter had been tripped again. I waited for her to startrngrilling me about the accident. She didn't; perhaps she decided she'd pumped mernenough for one session. I tried to keep the memories wherernthey belonged, in the back of my head where they belonged, but no matter what Irndid, they kept trying to surface. Things around me just jumped out to remind me:rnan ad on the 'Net for a tour of London an item in the paper about a road accident... I figured a couple decent slugs ofrnvodka would black out the images trying to form in my head as I settled downrnfor the night, but I'd been cold sober for too long. I should have slept like a deadrnman, but my memory was very much alive… In my dreams, it was as if it werernhappening all over again. It was late in the evening. I wasrndriving home from the city after a long day of training which I wasn't able tornput my heart into. I'd planned it very carefully,rnmake it look like an accident. A nail would pierce the right rear tyre of myrncar, requiring a simple matter of getting out to change it. Headlamps glowed in the nearrndistance. I glanced up to see two lights approaching in the gloom. I looked away, stepped backrnslightly, the jack in my hand. The light splashed over me. A hornrnblared. Brakes screamed. The left corner of the front bumperrnstruck me in the middle of my spine. Pain shot up my nerves into my skull. Everythingrnflashed bright, then fell to blackness. I figured I had died, but thernworst happened. Still in the memory, I woke up. Irncouldn't move. I found myself strapped into a framework that looked like somerntorture device from a Russian jail. The nurse in attendance answeredrnmy question: My spine had been shattered in two places and the nerve cord hadrnbeen severed just below my rib cage. The framework was to stabilize my vertebraernwhile they fused again. I was in traction for four months.rnThere were surgeries that could have fused my spinal cord, but I was still inrntoo poor condition for that. Besides, I didn't want them. The doctors told me Irnwas lucky to be alive and that the cut in my spine was clean, easily fused. Ifrnonly I'd taken another step back… To say I woke up from that longrnnight of remembrance with a hangover is an understatement. My head felt as ifrnsomeone had been hitting it with a complete bound edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica.rnThe sunlight scalded my eyes sheer through my closed lids. I pulled the coversrnover my head and stayed put for most of the morning. At ten, someone lifted the coversrnfrom my face. I squinted up at a blur that looked like Nurse Rutherford. \"Have you been drinking again,rnJerome?\" she asked. \"It was just to help me sleep,\" Irnsaid, covering my face with my arm to block out the light and the sight of her. \"Do you want me to bring arnsleeping pill tonight?\" she asked. \"No, thanks, I'll be all right.\" She brought one anyway, one ofrnthese natural things made of herbs. She stayed with me to make sure I took it.rnEven if she hadn't and I'd stockpiled them, there was not way I could possiblyrnsuicide on that stuff. \"Nurse Rutherford called mernyesterday to say you'd been drinking again.\" Minerva—Dr. Koestelbaum—said atrnthe next session the following day. My head had stopped aching, but my eyesrnwere still sore. \"I'm highly unlikely to repeat it,\"rnI said. \"I lost my knack. I never used to get hungover.\" \"So why did you relapse?\" \"I was trying to keep fromrnremembering the first time…\" I told her about the accident that wasn't sornaccidental. She listened in silence, her eyesrnopen, rarely blinking, as if that would somehow help her to hear me better. \"I didn't think it was anrnaccident,\" she said when I had finished. \"What, your lie-o-meter again?\" \"Yeah, that started ticking likernmad during our last session, but I wanted to give you the benefit of the doubt. \"So, what happened after that? Howrndid your family handle the incident?\" \"I had my father fooled at first. Forrnthe first time in his life, he actually showed me some genuine sympathy. But myrnmother somehow put two and two together, especially when I refused the surgeryrnfor the severed cord. I expected my father to start berating me all over again.rnInstead, as soon as my bones had fused, he got me the apartment here in NorthernrnCalifornia and settled me here. Get the disappointment out of sight and out ofrnmind. He pays me to stay away.\" \"No wonder you tried to suicidernagain,\" she said. \"You have the pain of your own disappointment over thernoutcome of the Olympics, you have the pain from being handicapped after thernaccident, and you have the pain of your father pushing you away and sending yournto live in a foreign country to get you out of the way. But I'm sensing thatrnthere's more.\" \"I'm afraid I'm not ready to talkrnabout that,\" I cut in, beating her to her usual disclaimer. \"All right…in that case, I'll tellrnyou something very interesting I dug up since I last spoke to you: \"I did a little research,rncomparing the scores of the past silver medallists for 1,500m freestyle,\" shernsaid. \"And what, if anything, did yourncome up with?\" I asked. \"I'll admit it took a lot of heavyrnlifting, but I know where to look. There's something you need to know: you mayrnhave gotten the silver medal, but you set a new record for a silver medallistrnwhich still stands after last years Games.\" \"So what are you trying to tellrnme: this cloud has a silver lining—no pun intended.\" \"That's exactly what I'm trying torntell you.\" I looked away. \"But only you and Irnknow this.\" \"But you know it, and you shouldrnbe proud of it.\" \"That still doesn't fix whatrnhappened.\" \"I know. But it might help changernyour feelings about what happened. It's just something to think about.\" I replied to this with silence. \"So…since your injury and yourrnrecovery, what have you done with yourself?\" \"Not much. There's little I can dornin my condition. I've painted a few still lifes and sold them, added to myrnincome.\" \"You're an artist? My, you're a regularrnRenaissance man.\" \"Mum insisted that I take uprnpainting and calligraphy amongst other things, to keep me from turning into arnboor.\" \"I wish more parents would do thatrnwith their kids: when I was in high school, the next door neighbors' kid usedrnto hit on me. He played hockey, and I think that's the only thing he did.\" \"I know the type, typical ofrnInValid athletes.\" She smirked. \"He was a Valid.\" Oops. That evening, Eckart came by justrnbefore Nurse Rutherford showed up, so he hid himself behind a closet door whilernshe examined me. She never knew he was there: his small size and the tricks ofrnhis chosen trade made him virtually disappear. After she'd gone, I almostrnforgot he was there, until he suddenly stepped out of the closet. \"Quite a broad you got lookingrnafter you,\" he said. He reached into an inner pocket of his too-big trench coatrn(which he wears all the time, despite the fact that it rains only three monthsrnof the year) and drew out a bottle of vodka, which he set on the table besidernme. \"It's on me: sort of a keep-up-the-good-work present in case you need it.\" I pushed it back to him. \"I don't needrnit.\" He stepped up to me, felt my brow—hisrnpalm felt clammy and cold on my skin—then checked my pulse. \"Jerome the metronome the doctorsrnmust call you,\" he said. Looking me in the eye he added, \"I see we are on thernmend.\" Four months had passed sincernVincent/Jerome had left. From what I had heard, he would be three months fromrnhis destination. From time to time, I used to look up at the night sky from myrnwindow and wonder a little how he was faring up there. For some strange reason, a copy of Astronomy Today turned up in the waiting room of Minerva—Dr. Koestelbaum's—office.rnI picked it up idly and leafed through it. The cover article was about thernmoons of Saturn. A two-page spread of a computer-designed chart of the planetrnand its satellites caught my attention. My fingertip found Titan, a smallrngreenish-goldish orb. I turned over the page and found arnsidebar about the mission to Titan, which featured an in-flight photograph ofrnsome of its crew, including \"Navigator 2nd class, Jerome Morrow\", atrnwork. At that moment, Minerva—Dr.rnKoestelbaum—came into the room. I set the magazine aside a little too quickly. \"I saw you reading that astronomyrnmagazine,\" she noted once we got inside her office. \"Thinking of reaching forrnthe stars?\" \"I was just glancing through it,\"rnI said. \"It reminded me of something.\" \"Reminded you of what?\" she asked. \"It reminded me of a friend ofrnmine…an InValid I once knew, fellow by the name of Vincent Freemen…He was bornrnin the wrong era. He had dreams, that one, dreams as big as the universe. He'drnhave made something of himself if he'd been born in the pre-genome era. But therncracks in his rungs held hm back. \"So I loaned him my ladder.rnGranted, he looked nothing like me—his hair was lighter than mine and his eyesrnweren't half as pretty as mine—but who looks at the photos on ID's any more? Hernneeded my genetics to get into the training center at the Gattaca AeronauticsrnInstitute, since they have the most meticulous genetic screening and securityrnmethods: Blood samples, urine samples, you name it. He couldn't risk leavingrnbehind any of his own genetic debris, stray hairs or loose skin cells, so everyrnmorning he was up at the crack of dawn, scrubbing himself down with a dry brushrnin a small incineration chamber set up in my apartment and so destroy all tracernof his genetic identity. \"While he was out during the day,rnworking and training at the institute, I prepared the samples he would need:rnscrubbing off skin cell samples and collecting them with a small vacuum to fillrntiny containers he would discreetly empty in likely places at the institute;rncombing out loose hairs, drawing blood with which he would fill small fingertiprnsachets. The urine samples were the simplest to collect, since it's alreadyrncollected in a pouch I wear strapped to my leg under my trousers. \"Oh, I even had to record myrnheartbeat so he could playback the sound over a small \"amplifier\" on his chestrnduring physical training sessions: he had a dicky heart, a murmur or somethingrnlike that, whereas mine's as regular as clockwork. So we had to mask thatrnlittle quirk of his, otherwise he'd blow his cover.\" \"So how long did this last?\" \"Eighteen months…eighteen of therncraziest months of my life. But it gave me something with which to fill thernhours of my endless days. He borrowed my body: I borrowed his dreams. \"But you know what they say about thernbest laid plans of mice and men going all awry. One of the directors at therninstitute was found beaten to death with a computer keyboard. They called inrnthe FBI to investigate, and this was just a week or so before Vincent was tornleave on the mission to Titan. The Hoovers, as they call the agents who went inrnto investigate, found a stray eyelash near the crime scene, a loose one Vincentrnmust have failed to scrub off that morning and which conveniently dropped offrnhim when he joined the crowd of onlookers gathering around the director'srnmangled corpse. \"So of course they found itrnbelonged to one Vincent Freeman, an InValid who had previously worked at therninstitute as a janitor, but who had left nearly three years before. Of coursernthey implicated him; they sent one of their agents to question me when he wasrnout, but they found me instead. Because Vincent was using the upstairs of myrnapartment, I had to literally drag myself up the stairs. He cost me a lot ofrntrouble, that youngster.\" \"But you helped him fulfill hisrndream.\" \"At what cost? Before he left, Irnmade up a lifetime supply of genetic samples so he'd never have to rely on mernagain. He had a purpose in life. I had a lifetime of emptiness, as far as Irncould see. He could reach for the stars and touch them; I can't even standrnerect. He has a life to live. I know that I was helping him to live a lie, butrnmy conscience isn't a sensitive one.\" \"We'll put the moral implicationsrnaside for now: You helped Vincent fulfill his dream; very few people in hisrnposition get that kind of help.\" \"Except you.\" \"I could have been in his place. Irncould have ended up borrowing someone else's ladder. But I didn't have to.\" \"Some folk get the lucky breaks.rnVincent Freeman wasn't one of them.\" \"Sure he did: he met you.\" \"He used me!\" I retorted. \"Irnprostituted my genome for him.\" \"But now he's going where he oncernonly dreamed of going, where very few people—even Valids—have gone, even thoughrnwe have more manned flights each day than there used to be in a year. You gaverneach other validation.\" \"What?\" \"I said you gave each other'srnlives validation. I think you met Vincent Freeman for a reason.\" \"Why, to remind me of how closedrnin I am?\" \"Yes…and no. He touched your lifernso you could restart your dream.\" \"My dream, if you wrote that downrnon your yellow pad, was to strike gold. Now I can't walk or empty my bladderrnlike a normal adult…or hold my own with a woman.\" \"I was going to ask you someday ifrnyou ever had a girlfriend.\" I shook my head. \"I had plenty ofrnfemale admirers, but I never had time when I was training. Now it goes withoutrnsaying.\" \"Do you have any other friendsrnbesides Vincent?\" \"I have a couple old friends backrnin England who write me from time to time. I suppose I could add Fillip-JosefrnEckart, but I don't let on about him.\" \"Why not?\" \"He's a black market racketeer,rnsomething of a hacker, a part-time pimp of sorts. Not the breed of characterrnyou write home about. He gets me a discount on a few items you can't find inrnthe bargain stores.\" \"I see,\" she said, astutely. \"Irnsuppose we all have a friend at one point or other in our lives whose presencernis a guilty pleasure. When I was in medical school, I was friendly with a girlrnwho was a stripper. One thing that brought us together was the fact that wernwere both a little weird each in our own way and we didn't judge each other forrnit.\" \"I suppose you could class myrnfriendship with Vincent a mutual weirdness society: he's an InValid, I'm arncrippled Valid.\" \"I see you're still using thatrnword,\" she noted. \"Let me share something with you.\" She got up and went to herrndesk. She came back and put a laminatedrncard in my hands \"This is something I use myself. Call it what you want: arnprayer a meditation, a mantra. It's helped me. If you like, we can read itrntogether.\" I looked at the card. \"Why not?\" Irnshrugged. \"God grant me the Serenity tornaccept the things I cannot change; Courage to change the things I can; andrnWisdom to know the difference.\" I shook my head. \"I don't believernin God.\" \"Why not?\" \"Because as far as I'm concerned,rnHe walked out on our species a very long time ago.\" She wagged her head. \"It wouldrnappear that way at times. But I think He's letting us grow in the best wayrnpossible by finding things out for ourselves. Even if you don't believe in Him,rnHe believes in you. If nothing else, ask a Higher Power to help you out.\" \"Maybe I should have this thingrntattooed on my arm,\" I said. \"If that helps you remember it best,\"rnshe said, smiling with laughter. I went home and dug up myrncalligraphy set. I spent much of that afternoon and early evening rendering thernmeditation in the manner of a 13th century illuminated manuscript. Next day, I ventured out to arnframe shop and bought a gilded wood frame for it. I hung the illuminated copy in arnprominent place in the front room where I couldn't possibly fail to see it. I started on another, simplerrndesign for the bedroom, later that day, when the charwoman came in with her dustrnmop. I looked up from my pad to see herrnleaning down, studying the illuminated copy I'd just hung up. \"Mr. Morrow, sir, did you drawrnthis?\" she asked, cautiously. I usually ignore her presence. \"Yes…do you like it?\" This was thernmost I'd ever spoken to her at once. I wondered where that came from. \"Oh yes! the colors are so pretty,rnlike jewels,\" she said. She's a simple sort, the type I usually go out of myrnway to avoid because I find them so aggravating. But her artless little commentrnpenetrated. I've heard people gush over my artwork, part of me has alwaysrnwondered if they really meant it. This woman could just about put a clumsyrnsentence together and somehow it had more depth to it than all the finernphraseology of a roomful of art connoisseurs. \"Thanks,\" I managed. When she had gone, I meditated onrnthe words. That first part I was tempted to put in second place, so that itrnstarted off with \"Courage to change the things I can\", but when I tried to putrnit all together that way, I barked up against the last phrase, \"Wisdom to knowrnthe difference\". I realized that as intelligent as I was, I utterly lacked thernwisdom to know what I really needed, to know what I could change and what Irncouldn't. At the next session, Dr.rnKoestelbaum asked me if I'd been meditating on the Serenity prayer. \"So far as I know, I can't changernthe fact that I'm paraplegic,\" I said. \"I've probably waited too bloody longrnfor the surgery to do any good.\" \"I don't know about that: I have arnfriend who's a neurosurgeon who's had some success curing paraplegics withrnnerve grafts grown from adult stem cells,\" she said. \"I just had an idea.\" \"What?\" \"I found out at age twenty-onernthat my parents had three embryos made when they made me. Perhaps one of themrnis sill extant. They get stem cells from those, don't they?\" \"Not as much as they used to.\" Arnpause. \"Jerome, you just don't want to go there.\" \"Why not? It would be ideal: therntissue would be a perfect match.\" \"For starters, those embryos arernvery small human beings; they have a human genome. They just have to developrnand grow into full-size human persons. And for that matter, even if theyrnweren't, you'd jeopardize your health and the outcome of the operation.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"I mean ESC's, embryonic stemrncells and tissue grown from them, have caused the development of teratomas,rnpre- and protocarcinomic tumors.\" \"Excuse me, I speak five languagesrnincluding Esperanto, but whatever it is you're babbling there, that's not onernof them.\" \"Sorry, I do that by habit, I'mrnafraid. In layman's terms, it means if you got a nerve graft from embryo stemrncells, your spinal cord would turn cancerous and you'd be back in thernwheelchair again, with your spine rotting away from cancer. Your last staternwould be worse than you are now.\" God, she could be as blunt as Irncould. \"So what about adult stem cells?\"rnI asked \"Nothing has been known to resultrnfrom those and they've been using them much more than they've used ESCs, forrnabout fifty years now.\" \"In that case, maybe I should lookrninto that…But have I waited too long?\" \"There's only one way you can findrnthat out.\" \"And that is?\" She leaned close, looking deeprninto my eyes. \"I think you're smart enough to know what that is.\" To be continued… Literary Easter Egg: \"the Flytes of Marchmain\"—I swipedrnthis from Evelyn Waugh's Brideshead Revisited because I like the names.[Chapter 3] +J.M.J.+ Flesh of My Flesh By \"Matrix Refugee\" Author's Note: Funny thing about this fic is that I never intended to writernit in the first place. I was working peacefully on my \"A.I.\" fics andrnsubmitting jokes and things to \"Readers' Digest\" and other magazines, but Irnkept having floaters of ideas for this which just would NOT go away. So I didrnwhat I always do with a pesky idea: I jotted it down for future reference. Butrnthen I kept getting more ideas, and then I heard an excellent talk on stem cellrnresearch by an ethicist and I wondered if I should pursue writing this…andrnthat's why you're able to read this next chapter. Oh, if I got any medicalrninformation wrong, please bear with me: I'm a fic writer, not a doctor. Disclaimer: See chapter I. I don't own the words to \"Bridge overrnTroubled Water\", which belong to Paul Simon and Art Garfunkel, although Irnmodified them slightly. Chapter III Neuro-fusion Minerva—Dr. Koestelbaum—continuedrnto surprise me in ways even I couldn't anticipate. \"I won't be here next week sincernI'm having some surgery over the weekend and I won't be up to snuff for a fewrndays,\" she said at the end of one Thursday appointment. \"Can you last till thernfollowing week?\" \"Oh, I'll find ways to pack myrnalready overcrowded schedule so I won't have time for a third suicide attempt,\"rnI said. \"Same time, same days of thernweek?\" she asked. I shrugged. \"It'll be easier forrnus both to remember.\" She jotted a notation on herrnplanner in pencil, then wrote the dates and times in pen on a card which shernhanded to me. \"Thank you.\" I added, \"Just to berna nuisance, what kind of surgery is it?\" \"It's some leg surgery I've beenrnputting off,\" she said. That didn't sound exactly sincere, or maybe I'd justrnpicked up some of her lie-o-meter skills. Leg surgery, I thought, during therncab ride home. What on earth did she need that for? Her legs were fine as farrnas I could see (Which wasn't far, what with the loose, flowing garments shernalways wore). If one of us needed surgery, it was I. And how did she get in sornquick? InValids usually didn't get placed high on the priority list at mostrnhospitals, unless of course this was something that had been in the works for arnwhile. In the interim, I had anrnappointment for a physical with Lockheed, my primary physician. In the coursernof the examination, I asked him for his opinion on whether I was fit for spinalrnsurgery, the \"neuro-fusion\" which Minerva—Dr. Koestelbaum—had mentioned duringrnour last session, which she had said might be a possible course of action forrnme to take. Lockheed ran the usual sensory/reflex tests on me: touching therntips of my toes with a blunt needle, running a key along the soles of my feetrnand the insides of my thighs. I had some feeling in my right leg, but nothingrnin my left. \"I think Minerva's onto something.rnIt may be just what you need to get you out of the dumps and back on yourrnfeet—maybe in more ways than one,\" he said. \"But what if it doesn't work?\" Irnasked. \"It's best if you go into thisrnwith the thought that it might not work. It's one of those things you can'trnknow unless you've tried it.\" \"Can you refer me to someone?\" \"I can: Rainier Drexel, a youngrnfellow from Vrilitaria, over in Eastern Europe. He studied over here,rnspecialized in neuro-fusion. You'll be in the world's best hands for thisrnprocedure. There's no one better.\" Lockheed somehow \"greased thernskids\" so that I got an appointment for an MRI and a briefing with Dr. Drexel. Drexel was a small man not muchrnolder than I, dark-haired and dark-skinned like a Gypsy, with the smallest,rnmost delicate hands I have ever seen on a man, good hands for a surgeon: thosernslim little fingers would fit well into small crevices. \"I have gone over the zscans fromrnyour MRI, andt I think you are an ideal candidate for this zsurgery,\" Drexelrnsaid. \"But isn't there a lot of damage?\" He wagged his head and shoulders.rn\"There is some scar tissue, but nodt so much that it cannot be cleared away.rnThe cut itself is clean: fusing your axons, your spinal cells, with the donorrncells should be an easy task.\" \"Are you certain?\" \"I am quite certain.\" I licked my lips. \"Will I be ablernto walk again?\" I asked. \"With sufficient care during thernhealing process, and with proper physical therapy, you should be able to walkrnagain, perhaps with some slight assistance, perhaps unassisted. But the key tornyour recovery is your attitude toward it. Have you a good reason for thisrnsurgery?\" I had a dozen reasons: to be ablernto look people in the eye, on a level; to swim, to fulfill the dream I hadrnnearly smothered… \"I want to walk,\" I said. \"Good reason,\" he said. \"Irnunderstand your condition led you to a suicide attempt?\" He asked this utterlyrnwithout judgment, just wanting to clarify the data. \"Yes, I'm afraid.\" \"Are you in counseling for this?\" \"Yes, I'm working with anrnexcellent psychologist, Minerva Koestelbaum.\" His dark eyes sparkled. \"Ah yes!rnShe and I know each other well.\" I gathered he was the specialistrnshe had mentioned once, but I wisely didn't let on that I knew about theirrnconnections. A few days later, I had my nextrnsession with Minerva; she let me call her that, but in my mind she was stillrnDr. Koestelbaum. She was hobbling around herrnoffice, holding onto things for support, as she approached me. \"Pardon my limp: I'm healing veryrnwell: I just have to have the stitches out and then I'll be back to my oldrnself,\" she said, leading me into the office proper. \"Are you sore?\" I asked, as shernsat down. \"A little, but it's good pain.\" I glanced at her legs, wonderingrnwhat she could have had done. She still wore her Pakistani gear, which made itrnnearly impossible for me to tell what she'd had done. She didn't seem like therntype who'd go in for liposuction—or that she would need it for that matter. I told her how I was going in forrnneuro-fusion surgery, as soon as they could find a stem cell donor that matchedrn(mostly English with a touch of Irish and German). \"But even if they find a donorrnthat matches, it might take a few days: they have to differentiate the cellsrnand get a sufficient number ready to implant. It could take a week or twornbefore they call you back.\" \"Don't remind me: every time Irnthink of how long it could take, I swear my legs start to itch.\" \"That's something I've beenrnmeaning to ask you, but I wanted to wait till you were ready to answer it: howrnextensive is your loss of nerve function? Do you have any sensation below yourrninjury?\" \"I can sometimes feel heat andrncold and touch in my right leg, but the left one may as well not be there atrnall.\" \"You realize there's a chance thisrnmight not work, the injury may be too extensive,\" she warned. \"I'm aware of that. I've actuallyrnbeen telling myself it just might be a miserable failure, so I won't be toorndisappointed when it is.\" \"But you know, that kind ofrnattitude just might cause you to fail. A certain amount of mind over matter isrnhealthy.\" \"But isn't that magical thinking?\" She smiled, with a trace ofrnknowing mischief. \"I see you did your homework.\" I shrugged. \"Just to pass therntime.\" She leaned toward me slowly. \"Evenrnif it doesn't work out completely, you'll at least have made the effort, and that'srnbetter than sitting on your rear not doing anything to try and fix it. Jerome,rnno matter how it turns out, I just want you to remember one thing.\" \"What's that?\" \"There is no gene for the humanrnspirit.\" I was about to open my mouth tornsay 'What is that supposed to mean?', but I realized this might be a newrnmeditation she wanted me to consider. I went home wondering what in hellrnor heaven that meant. Two weeks later I got The Callrnfrom Drexel. \"We have a group of axons withrnyour name on them, Jerome,\" he told me, with a trace of playfulness. \"Thank God! How soon can we getrnthe bloody operation done?\" \"What about…tomorrow at noon?\" \"I'll be there with bells on,\" Irnsaid. \"You realize what this shallrnentail: you will be in recovery, largely immobile for at least a monthrnafterward, and then after that, you will need a few months of physicalrntherapy.\" \"If I'm on my own two feet by thernend of it all, I'll have the operation done without anesthesia, if that's whatrnit takes.\" \"No, you would not want it done thatrnway,\" Drexel said, chiding me. I made arrangements with myrncharwoman and with Eckart to take care of my apartment (Eckart had beenrnforbidden to spend more than six hours at a time in my rooms. I arranged thatrnwith the superintendent.). Later that afternoon, Drexel camernby my apartment to brief me on what I needed to do before the surgery: nornalcohol for 24 hours (I was abstaining anyway, no matter), don't eat anythingrnafter six hours before the surgery. I took it all in stride (if only I couldrnwalk…). Next morning, before I left, Irncalled Minerva to give her the good news. \"Hello, Dr. Koestelbaum speaking.\" \"Minerva, it's Jerome Morrow.rnListen, I've some good news to share for a change: I'm on my way in forrnneuro-fusion surgery.\" \"That's great to hear! Did Drexelrnfind the right donor?\" \"They got a batch of cells withrnthe right match, same blood-type, same ethnic mix.\" \"That's excellent. You must bernexcited.\" \"Excited doesn't begin to describernit…My cab should be coming soon.\" \"I'll let you go then. Take carernand don't be too hard on yourself.\" \"I won't, I won't.\" I had one moment of fear as thernnurses prepped me for the surgery. They had me lying flat on my face, with myrnhead propped up as they wheeled me in. they'd already given me a jag of nitrousrnoxide, but that seemed to be wearing off. \"Can't I have the jab in the leg?rnI won't feel it then,\" I pleaded. \"We would, but the veins aren'trngood there,\" the one nurse, a husky young man told me. I was glad when theyrncovered up that the lower half of me: I'd been off my pins so long the musclesrnhad shriveled so badly that my thighs had shrunk smaller than my knees. Drexel had an MP3 player going inrnthe operating room when they got me in. An old Simon and Garfunkel song played,rnsome female artist, whose husky alto voice I didn't recognize, singing \"Bridgernover Troubled Waters\". \"Sail on, silver boy, Sail on by. Your time has come to shine, All your dreams are on their way. See how they shine. If you need a friend, I'm sailing right behind. Like a bridge over troubledrnwaters, I will ease your mind…\" I don't know if it was the nitrousrnoxide the nurses gave me to calm my nerves, but I found myself really listeningrnto those words. Silver boy…it was as if someone had adjusted those lyrics withrnme in mind, or maybe someone like me. My fears started to subside. I thought ofrnMinerva, I thought of Vincent/Jerome, their faces passing through my mind's eyernwithout much effort on my part. Minerva sailing right behind me, guiding merntoward the open waters, Vincent showing me that I could reach up, as he hadrndone, only circumstances didn't force me to wear a mask. I was listening sornintently that I hardly noticed when the anesthetist tied off my arm andrndelivered the jab. My head felt light. Sounds startedrnto echo slightly. I don't remember anything more after that… It felt like days. Drexel laterrntold me it lasted only two hours, opening me up, separating my vertebrae,rnclearing away the scar tissue, injecting the donor axons into the cut, applyingrnthe fibrin, the biological \"glue\" that would hold them in place while the cellsrngrew and fused with my axons. I slowly came back to this world,rnbut my eyes felt glued shut. Someone was washing my face with a warm, damprnwashcloth. I managed to peel my eyes open. A nurse who could have been NursernRutherford's identical twin stood over me. I glanced beyond her. Minerva stood in the open doorway.rnI managed a wavering smile to her. They had me wedged in between somernlarge pillows that seemed bolted to the mattress somehow, apparently to keep mernin place, on my side, until my wound closed. \"Hey, gorgeous, what time is it?\"rnI said, none too enthusiastically. \"Three-thirty, sonny,\" the nursernsaid, coolly. \"Yer shrink is here to see you.\" With that, Nurse Rutherford IIrnwent out. Minerva came and sat down by thernbedside. \"How do you feel?\" she asked. \"Like that car hit me again,\" Irnsaid. I craned my neck around trying to peer over my shoulder. \"What's backrnthere?\" \"Here, let me help you,\" she tookrna mirror from the bedside table and turned it toward the middle of my back. A square of bandaging slightlyrnlarger across than my hand covered the middle of my spine. \"It's just a small incision, theyrncall it a keyhole,\" she said. \"It feels as if they cut me openrnwith a shovel,\" I said. \"I can tell you're healing already.\" \"How?\" \"You're acting more like a woundedrntiger than you usually do,\" she said, smiling. \"Is that good or bad?\" I asked. The next morning, a huge basket ofrnflowers showed up with a note from my parents. That evening, Eckart came to seernme. He peered out into the hallway, then produced from inside his trench coat arnpair of champagne flutes and a bottle of Veuve Cliquot, which he set on thernbedside table. \"A toast to your continued recovery,\"rnhe said. I waved it aside. \"Thanks, Eckart,rnbut I can't. Doctor's orders.\" \"Why the hell?\" \"My bloodstream's full of painkillersrnand antihistamines, so my system won't reject the donor tissue.\" \"Oh, doing a little ladderrnborrowing yourself, eh?\" he said, peeling the foil off the bottle anyway. \"I'd hardly call it that,\" I said. He took out his Swiss army knife,rnunfolded the corkscrew and worked it into the cork. He somehow pulled the corkrnwithout too much racket, which would have got the nurses wondering, and filledrnone of the glasses. \"You sure you don't want any?\" hernasked, holding the neck of the bottle over the other glass. \"I'm certain,\" I said. He raised the one glass. \"So whatrndo they call this procedure?\" \"Neuro-fusion.\" \"To neuro-fusion,\" he said, andrndrank. \"So, how soon you gonna be back onrnyour feet?\" he asked. \"I have to stay like this for arnmonth, then Drexel removes the wire stabilizing my vertebrae. From there, it'srnphysical therapy, depending on how I heal. For now, it's just a matter of waitingrnfor the donor cells to take and grow.\" \"Maybe a little incentive 'll helprnspeed the process,\" he said. He reached into another pocket of his coat and drewrnout a photograph of a girl and a copy of her National ID card. \"Her name's Eulalia.rnShe's a second class Valid and she's dying to meet you.\" I pushed it away. \"Thank you, butrnno: I have other incentives.\" He pursed his lips and smiled, arnvery tight, compact smile. \"I imagine you do. Is it that head-shrinker of yours?\" \"No, I just want to walk again.\" Myrnears wondered what I had said. \"Indeed,\" he murmured. He glancedrnat my lower back. \"You gonna let me see what they did to you?\" \"There's little to see,\" I said,rnreaching back and pulling open the back of my gown. He leaned over, narrowing his eyesrnat the bandages. \"Looks nasty.\" \"It was only a very small incision,\"rnI said. He looked at me dead on, his blackrneyes looking into my green ones. \"Would you want me to find out who donatedrntheir cells to you?\" \"No. If they want to come forward,rnthat's for them to decide.\" \"Oh, come on! You want to know. Yournwant the data. You want the name and genotype of the person whose cells are nowrngrowing into your spine,\" he said, his gravel voice suddenly gone suave andrnsilken. I was tempted to reply \"yes\". Irnwanted to know who had the charity or the bleeding-heart sentimentality to givernsome of their stem cells. Maybe one day I could walk up to them and look themrnin the eye as I thanked them for saving my life. In my dreams… \"I take your long silence as arnresounding 'yes!',\" he said with a smug smile. \"I didn't say that,\" I shot back,rntoo harshly and too quickly. He grinned at me and reached downrnto pat my head. I yanked my head away from him, glaring up at him. \"Ah, you do want it you green-eyedrnlittle darling. You want it.\" He pocketed the bottle ofrnchampagne and went out. Minerva came up the next afternoonrnto check on me. I told her about Eckart's proposition. \"I can get that information much quickerrnthan he can, and I can get it legitimately,\" she said, a twinkle glinting inrnone eye. \"Maybe we can give this Mr. Eckart a taste of his own medicine.\" \"What, counterhack him?\" \"I have a friend who could help merndo that,\" she said. \"That couldn't please me more—exceptrnif I healed faster than they keep telling me I will.\" The fourth day after my surgery,rntwo shadows darkened the door to my room. \"Eugene?\" my mother's voice asked,rnI had been dozing, but I snapped awake and propped myself on my elbow. Mum came to the side of the bed,rnhovering, her hands clasping and unclasping as if they didn't know what to do. \"How are you feeling?\" she asked. \"Better,\" I said. She leaned downrnand hugged me, keeping her body away from mine. \"How did the procedure go?\" myrnfather asked, eying the data chart on the foot of the bed. \"I don't know, I slept throughrnit,\" I said. \"You know what I meant. Were therernany complications? Any post-operative swelling?\" \"No, the surgery went almost byrnthe textbook, or at least that's how Dr. Drexel put it.\" \"Where did he go to medicalrnschool? Where did he intern?\" \"He studied at Harvard medical, Irnthink, and he interned at Tufts in Pasadena,\" I said. \"Lockheed told me yourncan't get anyone better than Drexel for this kind of treatment.\" \"And where is he from?\" \"Vrilitaria, I think, but hernspeaks English better than I do.\" At this point, Minerva came intornthe room to check on me, but she excused herself and started to step out of thernroom. \"I'm sorry, I'll be back,\" shernsaid. \"No, come right in, please.rnFather, Mum, this is Minerva Koestelbaum, the psychologist I'm going to,\" Irnsaid. \"Minerva, these are my parents, Charlton, my father, and Estelle, myrnmum.\" She was wearing rimless glassesrnthat day, which gave her an oddly more intelligent look. Mum accepted Minerva'srnhandshake with her usual uncertain warmth, but my father kept his hands in hisrncoat pockets, his eyes on Minerva's glasses. \"Are you truly qualified to treatrnanyone with any emotional difficulties?\" my father asked. \"I have a doctorate degree inrnpsychology; I did my thesis on socio-environmental stress,\" she said, smiling.rnBut I could still see the suspicion in my father's eyes. Later, when my parents had gonernout for lunch, Minerva spoke to me at length. \"I should have warned you if everrnthey should turn up,\" I said. \"My father's a genomist.\" \"I noticed. Don't worry, I'm usedrnto it—after a fashion.\" \"Aren't you going to ask me?\" \"Ask you what?\" \"If I think I'm a genomist. \"You tell me.\" \"I guess I am, a little. Afterrnall, I lost the gold to an InValid, and another InValid stood on my shouldersrnto reach for the stars.\" \"To some extent, it works bothrnways. I know a lot of InValids who are really suspicious of Valids.\" \"That goes without saying, they'rernthe lesser class.\" I bit my tongue. \"I'm sorry, that always happens when I'vernbeen around my father.\" \"At least you recognize thernproblem. That puts you one step closer to overcoming that.\" I spent my days reading, sincernthis was the only activity I could do while lying on my side wedged between twornhuge pillows. The nurses turned me over regularly to keep me from developingrnsores, but between that, I downloaded the longest books I could find onto my e-bookrnreader: Tolstoy's War and Peace , Tolkien's Lord of the Rings (Irneven read the appendices), several dictionary-thick anthologies, philosophy tomes,rnanything to make the hours move. Gradually, without my notice atrnfirst, a change took place in my body. I started to feel my left leg again.rnDrexel and his intern, Ms. Verfaillie checked me every day, testing my reflexes. At the beginning of the thirdrnweek, when Drexel touched the toes of my left foot with a blunt needle, I feltrnit, a light pricking at my flesh, almost so slight I thought I imagined it. \"Do that again, harder,\" I begged. \"Very well.\" He pricked me again. I gasped. I had felt it. He ran a key up the sole of myrnfoot: my toes flared back. We looked at each other. \"This isrnbut the start, Jerome. Give it more time,\" he warned. When no one was watching, I madernup my mind to make a small test of my own. I had to put my whole being into it,rnsince the muscles had atrophied. I just about had to do \"mind over matter\", butrnI did it. I moved my right foot by itself. A few days later, they sent me uprnfor another MRI, to see how I was healing. Afterward, Drexel showed me the images. He brought up on the screen of hisrndesk one of the earlier MRIs as a comparison. \"This was the MRI you had a fewrnweeks before the procedure: this white area here,\" he pointed to it, is the discontinuity,rnthe cut in your spinal cord.\" He brought up the new image, from the same anglernas the first. \"This is today's scan: no discontinuity.\" He looked at me. \"Thisrnmeans the donor axons, the new cells, have grown into your spine and fused therndamage.\" \"Then I'm healed?\" He wagged his head. \"That much hasrnhealed. What remains to be seen is how much ability you have regained.\" Drexel had me started on hydrotherapyrnthe next day. The therapist working with me, Keaton Olson, told me the waterrnwould help support my limbs and help me get back the muscle tone I had lost inrnmy legs. \"But I'm sure the water's a secondrnhome to you,\" Olson said as he helped me into the pool. \"Why, what makes you…?\" \"You were in the Olympics somerntime back, weren't you? You got the silver, or am I thinking of another guy fromrnEngland?\" \"No, that's me,\" I admitted. \"Cool. Not every day I get to workrnwith an Olympian.\" At the risk of sounding mushy,rnbeing in the water again felt like coming home. Granted, we stayed in thernshallows, where the water came just to my waist sitting down, but I was able tornstart moving my limbs freely again, by themselves, not grabbing my leg by thernankle and yanking it into position. Olson looked me in the face. \"Yourncan cry if you need to, if it feels that good.\" \"I'm all right,\" I said. He put his huge hand on myrnshoulder. \"Let it out, bro, let it out.\" I shed a tear or two, but I wasrntoo exhausted from relief and sheer determination to do much more. They moved me to a long term carernfacility, not a nursing home in the classic sense of one of these old folksrncolonies, but a residency for young folk in that between stage of the healingrnprocess. My father had seen to it that I got a room of my own, to make sure Irndidn't get messed up with—oh the horror!—another InValid, but I would havernwelcomed the company. My legs grew stronger day by day.rnOlson had found a masseur to massage my limbs and lower back to keep me limberrnand get me back to form. When no one was looking, I massaged my legs myself. Tornfeel my hands on the skin of my legs, and to feel that skin feeling my handsrnback… my legs no longer felt like foreign objects, like vestigial organs. After two weeks, Olson had me takernthe next step—literally—and got me started walking. Granted, I was relying onrnthe support of parallel bars, but I was walking. The soles of my feet touchedrnthe floor; at each step, my toes gripped the textured rubber tread under me, myrnheels planted, my weight spread along my foot to the balls of my feet. Six steps…seven…I came to the endrnof the parallel bars, and turned, with a little help from Olson, to walk back. I had two therapy sessions a day,rnone in the morning and one in the afternoon, but they didn't feel like enough. ButrnOlson said I had to pace myself. \"You haven't walked in like, what,rntwo years?\" \"Nearly four,\" I said. \"I bet yer itchin' to make up forrnit,\" he said. \"And I bet you wanna get back to swimmin'.\" \"Hell, yes!\" He patted my back. \"One step at arntime, fella, one step at a time.\" A few days later, Olson tried mernon crutches, but I was clearly stronger than that. \"You're ready for a walker,\" herndeclared. I narrowed my eyes at him. \"Myrnlegs may be ready for that, but I'm not.\" \"What? Oh, I see,\" he grinned. \"Yeah,rnI know why you'd be hesitant. You're a prrropahr Inglishmin. Cahn't 'ave wun awvrnth(eh)ose awe ful chrrrome and graiy plehstick awebjects.\" \"Yeah, could you, like, find me somethingrnreeeally cool lookin'? An' while yer at it, could you just, like, okay, go,rnlike easy on that, like, sooo fake-sounding California accent?\" \"You got it,\" he said. He obtained for me an elegant,rnstreamlined affair on casters all in black metal, the sort of thing I wasn't embarrassedrnto be seen using in public. No one would remember my face and I'd largely beenrnin hiding during the day through the two years I'd shared my life with Vincent. With Olson at my side, I venturedrnout for a walk. I was still a little self-conscious, so I went incognito—sunglassesrnand a fedora jammed down on my head. Eventually, the physical therapyrnsessions tapered off to three sessions a week. I was mobile once again. My leftrnleg still had a tendency toward weakness, but I was on my feet. \"I've seen you walking aroundrntown,\" Minerva said during on of my sessions with her. \"You look great.\" \"Thanks,\" I said, with an honestrnsmile. \"I guess you can add my case to your list of miracles.\" \"Oh, I really don't have one. You initiatedrnthat miracle anyway.\" \"I did?\" I asked, incredulous. She nodded. I was strong enough andrnself-reliant enough that they discharged me from long-term recovery and sent mernhome. The moment I walked into myrnapartment, before I unpacked my suitcase, I went to the foot of the spiralrnstaircase that led to the second level of the apartment. I pushed away myrnwalker and grabbed at the handrails. I set my left foot on the bottom step andrnpulled myself up. I realized I was still bearing a lot of my weight on myrnhands, so I shifted my weight, letting my feet take the burden as I climbed thernstairs, walking up the stairs, not crawling up the stairs on my belly like arnsnake, but actually walking, like a man. I sat down on the top step when Irnreached the top, breathing hard not from exertion, but from the sobs of delightrntrying to escape my lungs. Around the beginning of December,rnI finally graduated from the walker to a cane. Olson got me a metal one encasernin wood composite so that it didn't look quite so pre-fabricated. Anything elsernwouldn't have matched the rest of me. One night around this time,rnsomeone knocked at the door of my apartment. I got up and hobbled to the doorrnto see who it could be. I opened the door to find Eckartrnthere, grinning up at me. \"Mind if I come in for a minute?\"rnhe asked. \"In that case, you have exactlyrnsixty seconds to tell me why you're here and to get out,\" I said. I was tryingrnto scale back on how much time I spent with Eckart. \"All right, if yer gonna put itrnthat way, maybe I should just give you the delivery without briefing you onrnit.\" He reached inside his coat and pulled out an envelope which he handed tornme. \"I'll tell you this much: you wanted it a while back, and I had a hell of arntime trying to get the goods.\" I took the envelope. He tipped hisrnhat to me and swaggered away. I shut the door, then opened thernenvelope. Inside was a single, folded sheet of paper. I drew it out. From: mkoestelbaum @ juno.com To: rdrexell @rnneurosurgery.leaheyweir.org Subject: My recent stem cellrndonation. Dear Rainer, I have kept you informed aboutrnrecent developments regarding the treatment of a patient of mine suffering fromrnchronic apathetic dysthymia related to the subject's paraplegia resulting fromrnsevere trauma to the subject's spinal cord. Said subject had consideredrnsurgical treatment, specifically neuro-fusion for the damage to his spine, viarnthe implantation of ASC derived axons. I am sending some of the ASC's I donatedrnwhich Mendahl recently differentiated. Please use them specifically for thernsubject, Jerome Eugene Morrow, a male Valid, should he ever finalize hisrndecision to undergo neuro-fusion treatment. I remain yours sincerely, M. Koestelbaum, Ph.D. The axons of my spine stoppedrntransmitting to my legs for a second. I sank down to the floor, my legsrnbuckling under me. My eyes fast-scanned the email. Next day found me at Minerva'srnoffice. \"So how was your Thanksgiving—I'mrnsorry, I forgot you probably don't celebrate it.\" \"No, I'm an English national. Irnnever applied for citizenship… But everything that's happened to me these pastrnmonths is something to be thankful for. I'd like to know the person who gave mernthose stem cells to heal my spine.\" \"What would you do?\" I looked right at her. \"I shakernher hand.\" She stood up; I pulled myself tornmy feet. She held out her hand to me. I clasped it, nerveless. She looked up into my eyes. Herrnbrow puckered. \"You knew.\" I bent my head. \"Eckart got therninformation. He found your email to Drexel. If you like, I'll throttle him forrnit.\" \"No, don't do anything violent.\" \"I'm sorry if I spoiled it forrnyou.\" \"No, it's okay.\" My free hand went to my back,rntouching my spine where I knew the scar was. I looked into her eyes. Her cells… her cells had healed me. \"Why did you do this?\" I asked. \"I knew you wanted it, needed it.rnI'm here to help you however I can, Jerome. So…I thought perhaps this was bestrnway.\" She put her other hand behind me,rntouching the hand that touched my spine, her fingers spread. \"Your cells are part of me now,\" Irnrealized aloud. \"How did you get away with this?\" She smiled. \"Like your friend Mr.rnEckart, I have my own set of connections.\" \"But…what about…our genetics?\" Irnasked, not wanting to sound like a ninny. \"Don't worry, you're not gonnarncatch Asperger's from me. There's going to be critics, but they don't have tornknow, do they? And even if they find out, does it matter what they think?\" \"No,\" I declared. \"But…why did yournchoose to help me like this?\" Her hand closed on mine, the handrnon my spine. \"I chose because I care. Not just about Jerome Eugene Morrow thernpatient, but about Jerome Eugene Morrow the man.\" She dropped her gaze and releasedrnme. But I couldn't release her. To be continued… Literary Easter Eggs: Names—Verfaillie is the last namernof a scientist who has been very successful differentiating adult stem cellsrninto complicated cells like neurons and axons (spinal neurons). Olson is thernlast name of a Swedish neurosurgeon who recently found a way to treatrnparaplegia in laboratory rats with spinal cord injuries (even ones with severedrns.c's). Mendahl is a debauchment of \"Mendel\", who first researched heredity,rnwhich set the stage for modern genetic research. And one less meaningful:rnKoestelbaum is the original German form of the name Castlebaum, a name Irnborrowed from a character in the PAX-TV show \"Just Cause\", which I've beenrnwatching very zealously. I'm assuming Minerva probably pronounces it likern\"Kestle-bom\" or \"Kerstle-bowm\", which is closer to the German pronunciation.[Chapter 4] +J.M.J.+ Flesh of My Flesh By \"Matrix Refugee\" Author's Note: I'm glad this fic has been so well received; there were arnlot of misgivings flying around in my head when I started writing it, but thosernhave been dispelled by everyone's reviews. Special thanks goes to \"Juni Cortez\"rn(Cool name! [And yes, I know it comes from \"Spy Kids\"]), who's been the mostrnencouraging. A couple musical reference for this chapter, for those of you whornhave the CD of Michael Nyman's excellent score for this film: the cuts entitledrn\"Becoming Jerome\", \"The One Moment\", and \"The Other Side\". Disclaimer: See chapter I Chapter IV Vindicated A new year deserves new dreams… The day before New Year's Eve, Irnhad another session with Minerva—Dr. Koestelbaum. \"So, there's a whole new yearrnahead of us: what are you planning to do with it?\" she asked me. \"I'm working toward finding a job,\"rnI said. \"My father has insinuated he may be ending my allowance, but I know myrnmother would keep me on it. Their Christmas/birthday gift this year was payingrnfor my surgery and my therapy.\" \"If you're looking for a job that'srnin your field, my cousin Gerd told me there's a job opening at the Y thisrnsummer as a swimming instructor. He works there as a program director.\" \"It sounds interesting, but I don'trnknow if I could do it.\" \"Why? What's holding you back?\" I wagged my head. \"My disability,rnmy status.\" \"Which status, social or genetic?\" To be honest, she had me stumpedrnthere. To keep from being alone on NewrnYear's Eve, I went out to a restaurant in a hotel that night. I have to bernhonest, but I felt a bit shy, so I decided to settle on being the mysterious darkrngentleman in the corner, watching the festivities. I thought I spotted Minerva,rnin a long maroon velvet evening gown, but I couldn't be sure. About half anrnhour before midnight, I stepped outside into the courtyard garden for a breathrnof air and to get a look at the stars. I'd never been much of a stargazer and Irnstill didn't know all their names, but—excuse the mushiness—but Vincent/Jeromernhad taught me to look up at them. All I could tell anyone for sure was that onernof them was Saturn and I knew someone who, as of recently, had set foot on onernof the moons circling it. As I stood there, leaning on myrnstick, looking up, I couldn't help sending a happy new year's greeting to himrnup there. My free hand reached behind me,rntouching my back, just below my ribcage, caressing the region of the surgeryrnscar. I went back in a few minutesrnbefore midnight. I looked across the room, through thernthrong of elegantly dressed people laughing, some dancing, some already makingrna terrible racket with their noisemakers. My eyes sought a familiar face. I spotted Minerva again, dancingrnwith a tall young man with dark blond hair, pallid gray eyes and a narrow,rnrough chiseled face, the kind women call \"ruggedly handsome\". She was clearlyrndoing her best to enjoy his company, but once or twice our eyes met even atrnthat distance. The band broke off in the middlernof \"Moonlight Serenade\". A drum roll rattled and the bandleader led the crowdrnin a countdown. 10…9…8…7…6…5…4…3…2…1… HAPPY NEW YEAR 2082! I glanced toward Minerva and herrncompanion. He was kissing her, his mouth on hers; open. But I noted that thernback of her neck was bent stiffly, as if she couldn't relax under his touch. I turned and spotted a slightlyrntired-looking waitress. I took her hand, wished her a happy new year and kissedrnher. I took advantage of her slightly startled reaction and made myself scarce:rnlet her wonder who was that Englishman with the piercing green eyes. I went straight home, but as Irnreached the door of my apartment, I heard someone drunkenly chanting somethingrnin the shadows: \"I went to see Jerome, but I foundrnhe was not home…somethingsomethingsomething, last line of this poem.\" There wasrnthe unmistakable gurgle of someone drinking from a liquor bottle. Eckart, his hat over one ear andrnhis clothes in disarray, waltzed out of the shadows. He focused on me andrngrinned. \"Or is it, 'I went to see Jer-o-um and I found he was not ho-um…somethingsomethingsomething,rnlast line of this po-um'?\" \"Good night, Eckart,\" I said,rnfumbling with the lock on the door. He staggered over and clapped hisrnhand on my shoulder. Thank heavens I hadn't had anything myself, and my legsrnwere continuing to grow stronger, or his blow might have knocked me down. \"Hey, iss a new year an' thernnightsss young,\" he slurred. \"How 'bout you an' me find usss sssome compumy.\" \"Thank you, but no,\" I said, \"Wha'? You gotta resso—hic—lutionrnnot t' do nuffin wif ennywun?\" \"Not exactly,\" I said, unlockingrnthe door and opening it. \"Aaaawww, I bet I know,\" he said.rnI pushed the door open and ducked through it, but before I could close it,rnEckart suddenly righted himself and stuck his knee in so I couldn't close it. \"Who is it?\" he asked,rnsober-voiced. \"What?\" I demanded. \"You got it bad for someone, orrnelse you wouldn't be abstaining. Who is it?\" \"Nobody,\" I said. I pulled therndoor back, blocking the entrance with my body so he couldn't get in,rnthreatening to slam the door on his leg, and with my strength, I could snap itrnlike a celery stalk. \"I bet I know, it's that InValidrnhead-shrinker of yours.\" \"You couldn't be further from therntruth: I just saw her with someone else. Now get out before I call security,\" Irnsaid. \"Or better still, I might call the cops and tell them to get this InValidrnracketeer off my doorstep.\" Eckart let out a low chuckle. The soundrnslowly escalated to a husky laugh, then to a coarse, cackling guffaw, mouthrnopen so wide I could see the white polymer fillings in his molars: they didn'trnblend well with the yellowing of his actual teeth. I could have slapped him acrossrnthe face, but I was tired and I'm not a violent man (despite having attemptedrnviolence against myself twice). He tottered away, still cackling, still drunk. I closed the door slowly. Bangingrnit would only have satisfied him. The winter rains kept me largelyrninside, but I managed to venture out as often as I could, walking, building uprnmy legs. My thighs were finally thicker than my knees and I was actuallyrnstarting to see muscle shadows on them again. Around the end of February, thernbeginning of March, Olson said I could probably set aside my stick, unless I feltrnshaky. About the same time, Minerva—Dr.rnKoestelbaum—asked if I felt like I still needed to come in twice a week. \"No, but what if my father shouldrnknow that I've cut back?\" \"He doesn't have to know exactlyrnhow often you're coming here.\" \"I suppose not,\" I said. \"So…what are you doing to keep movingrnon these days?\" \"Right now I'm walking every day,rntrying to build my legs up.\" \"Good for you! I noticed you didn'trnhave your stick today. How much are you walking?\" \"As far as I can: about four tornfive miles a day, sometimes five to six.\" \"The journey of a thousand milesrnbegins with the first step, but you've come along further than anyone couldrnever have expected.\" \"Especially me.\" The news came back that the Titanrnexploration team, docked at Discovery , the space station just offrnSaturn, had sent a manned craft to Titan to scout the surface. The news carriedrnsome of the photographs they sent back. I couldn't help wondering if Vincent/Jeromernwas among the lucky ones walking that alien surface blanketed with some kind ofrnstrange chemical snow (I'm no expert on astronomy, but a rock that far outrnprobably doesn't have an earth-like atmosphere.). Maybe he'd taken the picture. Minerva had me writing all thisrndown in a journal: my recovery, my thoughts, my observations, my thoughts; I'vernconsidered editing parts of it for Vincent, if he ever gets back, if he everrnsurvives the backlash liable to hit him in the face as soon as he shows hisrnface on earth—if they haven't found it out already. I bought myself a treadmill, butrnthat only made me restless: I felt like a lab rat on a wire wheel. Instead, I started running lapsrnaround the ground floor of the apartment and up the stairs. I soon got so thatrnI could run upstairs without hanging onto the banister. Running down caused arnfew problems since I still didn't have the coordination to manage it, but itrngave me something to work at. At my next session, I told MinervarnI was running now. \"That's great,\" she said, beaming.rn\"How far are you going?\" \"About six miles a day,\" I said. Irndescribed my route in the apartment. I hesitated. \"I trip once in a while.\" \"But you keep getting up and runningrnagain.\" \"That's the only way I can getrnback to where I was.\" As the spring progressed, Irnstarted venturing out in the early mornings, with the first full light, to runrnpast the silent, sleeping houses, when no one would see me. I tripped less often than before.rnI found a park with a cinder track I'd seen and ran my laps there. \"I saw you running the other dayrnin Greenleaf Park,\" Minerva said at the next session. \"Or at least it lookedrnlike you.\" \"If it was early in the morning, itrnwas me,\" I said, smiling a little proudly. \"Would you mind if I joined you?\"rnshe asked. \"It's something I should keep up. I used to run in high school, justrnfor the heck of it.\" \"Did you go to any meets?\" \"No.\" \"Why not?\" She shrugged. \"I just likedrnrunning. Competition meant nothing to me. Winning against myself and my own weaknessrnmeant more to me than vying for a medal.\" There was a lesson to be learnedrnhear, but the old Jerome didn't want to hear it. I changed the subject. \"Back to the bit about yourrnrunning with me. I think I could tolerate your presence. But I get up early inrnthe morning.\" \"How early?\" \"About 6 a.m. Could you handlernthat?\" \"Sure. I'm an early bird.\" \"Then let's do that.\" We met at Greenleaf Park the veryrnnext morning. She wore a sleeveless black jersey over a khaki riding skirt. Shernwas waiting for me over by an oak tree near the cinder track. She smiled andrnfell in step beside me as I headed for the track. I quickened my pace. She matchedrnmy strides. I walked even faster, on the brink of a run; she still kept up. I ran flat out, feeling the airrnrush past my legs, under the soles of my feet, hearing her breathing beside me. After a couple of laps like this,rnwe both slowed to a standstill. \"You're holding back,\" I said. \"I don't want to embarrass you,\"rnshe said. \"Show me.\" \"Okay.\" She started walking fast;rnI watched her gaining momentum around the track. She hit a cruising speed, thenrnshe broke into a wild sprint, like a gazelle. She slowed to a stop as she camernup to me, nearly colliding with me, but I sidestepped her. \"My goodness!\" I said. I glancedrnup the track. \"Care to race?\" \"Nah, I'd beat you.\" \"Challenge me: I need it.\" \"Okay, your call,\" she said. We got into place, side by side. \"On your mark…get set…GO!\" We took off at the exact samernmoment, like shots from the same gun. She gained on me, got ahead, but I pushedrnmyself, every muscle and nerve fiber in my legs firing, knees working likernpistons. I glanced at her face; her eyes were open, unblinking, completely inrnthe moment, the early morning light flashing off her glasses. As we reached the home stretch, myrnleft leg buckled under me and I fell, sprawling. She stopped, spun on a dimernand knelt beside me to help me up. \"Are you all right?\" she asked. \"Yes, yes, my hip joint gave out.\" She stood up, lifting me with her.rnI discovered my hands had clasped her forearms. She looked up into my eyes. \"You steady?\" she asked. I let her go. \"I am now.\" Each day during the week, afterrnthat, we ran together, she and I. Once in a while, in the weeks that followed,rnshe got us breakfast at a local Starbuck's. Later that season, I went to the Yrnto see if the job for a swimming instructor was still open. Sure enough, itrnwas. I went home and started preparing my resume, which I submitted to GerdrnKoestelbaum. A day or two later, I got a call from him. Next day, I went in for therninterview. A few kids passed me in the frontrnentryway and the corridor that led from it. They eyed me a little suspiciouslyrnand started whispering and grinning among themselves. I found the directors' offices. Irnintroduced myself to the secretary, who passed my message on to Koestelbaum. A momentrnlater, she came back. \"Gerd will see you now,\" she said.rnI got up and went into the office she had emerged from. Behind the desk, mending a tennisrnracquet, sat the same angular man I had spotted Minerva with on New Year's Eve. \"Ah, you must be Jerome,\" he said,rnstanding up. His voice was a bit gruff, but pleasantly so. \"Minerva told me arnlot about you. I'm Gerhard Koestelbaum, but I'd prefer if you'd call me Gerd.\" \"She's told me a lot about you. Irncouldn't help noticing you have the same last name; are you related?\" \"I'm her fourth cousin: she's alsornmy fiancée.\" My metronome heart skipped a beat,rnbut I didn't let it register in my face. \"Well, good luck to you both. She'srnnever mentioned it to me, but I suppose that's for her to decide.\" \"We're keeping the relationshiprnlow-key,\" he said. I remember Vincent/Jerome tellingrnme about his one-shot interview at Gattaca: one urine sample, one verificationrnof his identity (mine), and he had the job. This interview wasn't so simple: arnlot of questions about my academic and athletic record. I had to sign a releasernform allowing them to run a full background check, and I'd have to submit tornperiodic random drug tests. \"Don't think you can get the jobrnjust because of your genetic status,\" Gerd said, an edge of warning to hisrnvoice. \"The YPCA does not allow genomism in any way, shape, or form, and wernexpect that of our employees.\" \"I didn't think my ladder wouldrnraise me up any higher,\" I said, in jest, with a nonchalant shrug. Gerd caught the joke and hisrncraggy face betrayed a grin. \"So far as I can see, you seemrnwell-qualified for the job,\" Gerd said. \"As soon as the background check goesrnthrough, I'll call you back.\" After a few final words we shook handsrnand I went out. I had never really worked a day inrnmy life before this, not that I had the job yet. Then I caught myself fearingrnthat the ladder-selling incident might have put a blot on my record. But if thernYPCA didn't allow genomism, maybe they would actually commend the gesture. Then I thought perhaps theyrnwouldn't accept the fact that I was still in counseling for my depression, butrnI realized they probably couldn't do that either, because some emotionalrndisorders are genetically related. But they turned a blind eye to myrnflaws. A week later, Gerd called me to say I had the job. Most of the kids were \"anklebiters\"—tornput it nicely—whose parents had dumped them off to get them out of the way, butrnI knew how to get them in line. I insisted that they call me either \"Mr. Morrow\"rnor \"Jerome\"; the former if they had yet to earn my respect, the latter if they'drnproven themselves. I was strict, I was told, but within reason. I worked mornings and afternoons,rnwhich left my evenings free to start training again. Gerd had swum in collegernand he'd been filling in as an instructor till he'd hired me, so he spotted mernwhile I swam. I'd never lost my technique, but building myself back up wouldrntake some doing. I knew I had months of hard work ahead of me, but it would bernjust what the doctor ordered. My days were full now, runningrnwith Minerva, therapy sessions on Tuesday with her, coaching the kids, trainingrnmyself up. Even then, in the summer, it was often sundown by the time I gotrnhome. I walked home many nights, gazing up at the stars, watching them comernout, wondering which one was Saturn, which one had the moon Vincent/Jerome wasrnwalking on now. Had the crew found out his/our little secret? \"You've asked me a millions questionsrnabout me and my background,\" I pointed out to Minerva one morning overrnbreakfast in the Starbucks where we often went after our morning run. \"But whatrnabout you? I barely know much about you and we've been running together forrnthree months now.\" \"Oh, don't get me started talking aboutrnmyself. That's a bad question to ask,\" she said. \"Well be here all morning andrnwe'll both be late for work.\" \"Why, are you really thatrnself-centered that you'd start blabbing about how great you are?\" \"No, it's just people withrnAsperger's tend to monologue about the things that occupy their attention.\" \"Maybe by some weird act of God,rnI've got it: I've monologued to you about myself.\" \"That's different: that's therapy.rnBesides, I don't think you'd be here if you had the gene sequence that triggersrnAsperger's.\" \"Well, to keep it to one area ofrncuriosity, maybe you could start by telling me about who you are,\" I said. \"Arernyou and Gerd really engaged?\" She still didn't have a ring. \"He's engaged to me, but I'm notrnengaged to him yet.\" \"What is that supposed to mean?\" Irnsaid. \"He wants to marry me, but I'mrnstill not sure I want to marry him.\" \"Why not?\" \"He wants to Validate ourrnchildren, if we had any. I don't want that: I want my kids to be themselves. Irnknow how to help them the way I was helped.\" She drew in a long breath. \"He's arnValid, third class, but he's talked about wanting our kids to be Valid, firstrnclass.\" Valid, third class, also known as arn\"cracked ladder\": his genome had been cleared of all health problems, butrnnothing else had been touched. \"What about you? What would yournwant for you kids…if you had any?\" she asked. I paused. \"Well, that's a littlernpremature for me to say, since I'm not seeing anyone. But I guess I'd leavernthat up to my wife.\" She looked at me odd, almost as ifrnI'd tripped her lie-o-meter yet again. \"You don't want that for your children,rndo you? After what your father put you through?\" she asked. I had to admit, she was right.rn\"No,\" I said, firmly. The mornings that followed, sherntold me more about herself and her family. She was an only child like me, butrnthat was only because of her mother's health. She'd been taught at home, butrnshe hadn't minded it since she was naturally a happy loner. She'd decided to gorninto psychology when she was sixteen after she'd noticed the depression thatrnhaunted most InValids. \"But I see almost as many Validsrnas I see InValids,\" she said. \"The quest for perfection does that to people,rnshrivels their hearts so they can't feel good about themselves.\" \"'There is no gene for the humanrnspirit',\" I mused. \"Have you pondered that?\" shernasked. \"Yes.\" \"What do you think it means?\" \"I think it means…you can't breedrnpeople to not follow their dreams. You can manipulate genetics untilrnyou've created something better even than me—sorry, than some one likernme. But you can't breed them to accept the role of having to be perfect. Andrnalso…you can't tell someone to stop dreaming just because their genetics arernsupposedly bad.\" \"And how'd you know this?\" \"From watching Vincent, fromrnsharing the same living space with him for two years. From my own experience,rnthough I haven't owned up to that till now. \"How did this turn into a psychernsession, anyway?\" I said. \"I'm sorry,\" she said, blushing.rn\"I should get out more often.\" \"That's why you're running withrnme.\" A few days later, she asked me arnfavor. \"Could you teach me to swim?\" shernsaid. \"I'll give you a discount on your therapy sessions in exchange.\" \"Of course,\" I said. \"When do yournwant to start?\" \"When can you fit me in?\" I pulled my palmtop out of myrnpocket and checked my schedule (Never thought I'd see myself doing thatrnagain!). \"I have an opening on Fridays at five,\" I said. \"I can manage that,\" she said. Irnjotted her name in. She looked at me. \"You'd do thisrnfor me?\" I shrugged. \"What are friendsrnfor?\" Friday at five she showed up atrnthe poolside, dressed in a modest, violet 1940s style one piece with briefrnskirts that half-concealed her hips and built in shorts under that, which camerndown to her mid-thighs, just covering two thin scars that ended just above herrnknees. It had the odd knack of concealing and revealing her shapely figure atrnthe same time. I have to be honest and admit that I noticed she was a littlernflat-chested, but I set that aside. She looked me up and down,rngrinning somewhat teasingly. \"Glad to see I'm not the only modest one,\" shernsaid. I consistently wear anrnold-fashioned suit myself, a tank top built into trunks. \"Oh, that's just so Irnwon't have people staring at me,\" I said. \"You must have a lot of people dornthat.\" \"Yes, not just the girls, the guysrnstare at me, too.\" \"Gerd doesn't allow that.\" \"Not that kind of staring, Dr.rnMasters and Johnson: I meant envious staring.\" \"I'd think you'd love thernattention,\" she said, twitting. \"To be honest, I don't.\" She hid a smile, as if herrnlie-o-meter had been tripped again. I spent that first lesson justrngetting her acclimated to the water. She didn't even know how to hold herrnbreath under water and she was extremely reluctant to put her head under thernsurface. \"Are you afraid of getting yourrnhair wet or some rot like that?\" I teased. She dropped her gaze to thernsurface of the water. \"You'll laugh.\" \"I won't.\" \"It's just…the water hurts myrneyes.\" I had to bite my tongue hard tornkeep my word. \"You get used to it after awhile: it used to bother me, too.\" I didn't push it. She'd respectedrnmy comfort level and helped me expand it by challenging me in my sessions withrnher. That was one thing I'd learned from her, and it helped make me a betterrninstructor. I was doing so well emotionallyrnthat Minerva suggested that I see her every other week instead of every week. \"But of course…that's up to you,\"rnshe said. \"Well, like you've said, there'srnonly one way to find out,\" I replied. It felt strange, coming into herrnoffice now that we were on such good terms. She was a very different personrnthere: all business, caring but detached, unlike the young woman who wasrnstarting to warm to my charms (Ha. Ha. Ha.). A year had now passed since myrnsecond attempt and what a year it had been. I took the long way home onernnight, gazing up at the sky every so often as I walked. Someone came up alongside me andrnkicked me in the leg. I staggered, but I righted myself, and turned, ready torndefend myself if need be. Eckart stood before me, grinningrnup at me and blowing gin-scented breath in my face. \"Long time no see, Jerome, or isrnit Eugene?\" he drawled. \"Never mind that, Eckart, what dornyou want?\" \"I was gonna ask you. I hadn'trnheard from you in so long, I thought you'd done it again. Y' know, third time'srnthe charm?\" \"Far from it.\" \"You look great. How's it feel to bernback on your pins again?\" \"I have my shaky moments, but I'mrndoing better. He glanced around with just hisrneyes. \"I see you running with that InValid girl-shrink of yours. How's it goingrnwith her? She done you any…other favors yet?\" \"Not the kind your dirty mind isrncontemplating.\" \"You done her any favors?\" \"I'm teaching her to swim,\" Irnsaid. \"Ahhh, trying to turn her into arnmermaid, eh?\" He smacked his lips. \"That isn't the point: I'm helpingrnher get over her fear of the water.\" \"So you're yer shrink's shrinkrnnow. That don't sound good to me.\" \"We're trading off: she's payingrnpart of her lessons by counseling me.\" \"Oh, I seeee,\" he drawled. \"Well,rnhave fun with that InValid.\" He blew one last breath in my face and went away. A couple days later, I gave Minervarnher second lesson getting acquainted with the water. \"I was practicing putting my facernunder the water all last week,\" she said hopefully as I led her into thernshallow end of the pool. \"Well, let's see it,\" I said. She pinched her nostrils shut andrnsquatted. The water came up to her forehead. I was tempted to put my hand onrnthe back of her head and tilt her forward till she was submerged, but I knewrnbetter: respect her comfort level till it had expanded. She popped up again, gasping. Herrnface had gone white and she trembled a little. \"How was that?\" she asked,rnbright-eyed. \"You're off to a great start,\" Irnsaid. \"It was terrible,\" she said,rnincredulous. \"I've seen a lot worse here.\" I started her with a simplernstroke, the dog paddle, which I figured she could master soon enough. She gotrnthe hang of it very easily, with me swimming alongside her, encouraging her. Irnchallenged her, leading her out into deeper water. She did great for a while, butrnthen suddenly she tensed up. Her spine went straight and she stopped; she sankrnlike a rock. I dove after her, finding she'd settled onto the bottom. I dragged her out onto the ledge.rnShe wasn't breathing. I turned her on her side, pressing her flesh, just aboutrnher pelvis. A runnel of water ran out onto the pavement. I turned her over onrnher back, pinched her nose shut and gave her mouth-to-mouth. She twitched and her mouthrntightened under mine. I withdrew. She opened her eyes and looked up at me. \"What…happened?\" she asked. \"Oh…\"rnshe blushed, her pallid face gone bright red. \"It's all right,\" I said. She propped herself on her elbowrnweakly. \"I hope I didn't…\" \"No, you weren't yourself.\" \"I certainly hope so,\" Gerd'srnvoice said. I looked up to find a small crowd hadrngathered around us, including some of the kids and the other instructors. Gerdrnelbowed through the crowd and helped Minerva off the floor; he threw a towelrnaround her and hurried her out to the nurse's office. The crowd followed him,rnme at the back. I showered while I anticipated thernnews of Minerva's condition. Because of her allergies, her lungs were a littlernweak, so there could be trouble. I was finishing up dressing, tyingrnmy shoes in the locker room when Bill, one of the kids who hang around the pool—usuallyrnwhen I'm practicing—came in. \"Hey, Jerry: your girlfriend'srnokay,\" he said. I stood up. \"Thank heavens,\" Irnsaid with relief. \"But she's not my girlfriend. And it's Jerome.\" \"Sorry your little act of heroismrngot overlooked there: Gerd's real protective with her.\" I was tempted to say, 'I'vernnoticed', but that would only be grist for the rumor mill. Instead, I said,rn\"It's understood: they're engaged, aren't they?\" \"Not to hear her say it,\" he said.rnHe darted a glance to the end of the locker room. \"I think she likes you.\" \"She won't be the first,\" I said,rngetting my rucksack from my locker. I didn't see Minerva for the restrnof the night, but when I came home and switched on the radio, I was just inrntime to hear the DJ taking a request for a song, \"Someone Saved My LifernTonight\" by Elton John, an old chestnut that still has flavor. \"I'd like to dedicate this tornJerome,\" said the female caller's voice. \"And you are…?\" the DJ asked. \"He knows who I am and why Irnpicked this song,\" she said. I listened, wrapt, to this song,rnher way of saying thank you. I'd rather that she came forward and thanked mernface to face, but if Gerd was as tight with her as Bill had said and as I'drnguessed, she couldn't exactly have come up to me and given me the Hollywood thankrnyou with a passionate kiss and all. The next morning, Minerva met mernby the oak tree near the cinder track where we usually met. She still looked arnlittle pale, but it may have been my imagination. \"I'm sorry I didn't get a chancernto thank you to your face,\" she said. I shrugged one shoulder. \"No harmrndone,\" I said. \"No. I kissed you. I don't knowrnwhat came over me, but I came to and found your mouth on mine. I just got allrnconfused and excited.\" \"You mistook me for Gerd,\" Irnsuggested. She shook her head. \"I don't kissrnhim. He kisses me but I don't kiss him.\" \"I saw you kissing on New Year'srnEve.\" I bit my tongue. She took no notice of my faux pas.rn\"I wasn't kissing him.\" \"The why in heck are you—I'mrnsorry.\" \"Why am I engaged to him?\" I looked at her hands resting onrnthe tree limb. She still didn't have any rings on her fingers, but she wasrnkeeping it low key. \"I really don't know. He's thernonly man who's cared about me since…since my ex-fiancé genomed me.\" \"Let's not run today,\" I said. We arrived at the Starbucks we hadrnbeen frequenting just as they opened. Over a chai latte (hers) and a few cupsrnof black Colombian slow roast (mine), she told me the whole story. They'd met in college. He was inrnstem-cell transplants and she was in psychology of course. They hit it offrnwell; they shared the same interests, the same faith, they both loved thernoutdoors and browsing through libraries and antique movies. They got engaged,rnhad they wedding date set, they were even preparing for the wedding when herninsisted on a second blood test so they'd know what genetic quirks they had.rnWhen he saw she had Asperger's, it was too much for him. He insisted that thernonly way he could marry her was if they had their children manipulated. \"Hernsaid he wasn't going to be the father to a 'DeGenerate',\" she said. \"When Irntold him there was no such thing as a 'DeGenerate\", he accused me of trying tornstifle my own offspring.\" \"He doesn't know how stifling itrnis to be a Valid.\" She smiled thinly. \"He was arnValid, second class.\" Second classes, or \"mended ladders\" have had the morernlife-threatening health problems purged and some slight manipulation ofrnappearance, but not much. \"I didn't want to break it off,rnbut he wouldn't accept me any other way.\" She held her clasped hand to herrnchin. \"He said my adamance was just a symptom of my Asperger's. He couldn't seernit for what it was: as my principles. He couldn't accept them.\" She drew in arnlong breath. \"It left me so depressed, I almost suicided. I had my father'srnpolice revolver in my hands. I was going to put a bullet through my temples.rnBut I swear I had a vision of all the people I was going to help someday.\" I almost asked, 'Did you see mernamong them?' but instead I said, \"I wish I'd had that kind of vision before Irnstepped out in front of that car. Then maybe things would have turned outrnbetter.\" \"But you've grown stronger throughrnall this.\" I couldn't argue with her when shernstarted talking the psych stuff. Heck, I couldn't argue with the truth, whichrnshe was telling me. \"You're right: I wouldn't. Irnwouldn't have met Vincent, and I wouldn't have met you.\" I glanced up. \"Till herngets back…you're my only real friend.\" I didn't look at her the same wayrnagain after that: running alongside her, swimming with her, talking with her atrnmy sessions. She'd been where I had been, though she'd learned her lessonrnquicker. Once after a lesson, as we werernclimbing out of the water, she turned to me even before she reached for herrntowel. \"You know, I've never seen yournswim,\" she said. \"Well, what am I doing beside yournin the water?\" I sneered, teasingly. \"That's instructing me. I've neverrnseen you swim.\" I looked at the pool. \"It's notrnbig enough here. Meet me outside after you've showered and changed.\" I took her to a spot on the shore Vincentrnhad told me about, a small lagoon with a rocky island about a mile out. WhilernMinerva perched on the rocks overlooking the beach, I stripped down to myrnshorts and struck out into the water, heading for the island. I was a little tired after a long day,rnbut it was more the tiredness of bottled-up expectation waiting to be released.rnThe barracuda-speed of my earlier says wasn't back yet, but it would probablyrnbe good enough for her. I reached the shallows near thernisland and turned, heading back. She waited for me on the shore,rnthe evening breeze stirring the skirts of her tunic. She'd lit a driftwood firernby the rocks, which had slowly begun to blaze up, warm, inviting. She avertedrnher eyes modestly as I sank down on the rocks beside her. \"You're great. You're the greatestrnswimmer I've ever seen,\" she said. \"Better than Gerd?\" I asked. \"Much better.\" We dug clams from the shallows andrnroasted them wrapped in seaweed. We sat there on the rocks, watching the sunrnset and just talking, the fire between us. The sky overhead turned a deeperrnshade of blue, then darkened to indigo. The stars slowly came visible. She'drnbrought along a pair of binoculars, so we took turns looking up at the sky. \"I think I've found Saturn,\" shernsaid. She pointed out a star on the horizon and handed the binoculars to me. Irnfound it, a white-yellow orb in the heavens. Of course the moons could not bernseen, but nevertheless, they were there, and I knew someone who was orbitingrnone of them, maybe walking on the surface. I felt the binoculars sink downrnafter a few moments. Saturn stayed visible, a tiny glowing spot in the sky. \"You're wondering about him,\" shernsaid. \"Yes,\" I admitted. I found myselfrnadding, \"If had a brother, I'd want him to be like Vincent.\" \"I'd like to meet him someday,\"rnshe said. \"Please God that you will,\" Irnsaid. I hoped the system could somehow turn a blind eye to him, the way it hadrnto Minerva. Then I had another revelation: I'd invoked God's name withrnreverence, instead of as an expletive. But the next morning, when Irnshowed up at our usual spot where we met, Minerva wasn't there. I waited arnwhile. When I almost gave up and turned to start running without her, shernshowed up, a dejected air to her whole being, her shoulders drooped, her eyesrnnot meeting mine. \"Was it something I said lastrnnight?\" I asked. She looked up. \"No, last night wasrnwonderful. It isn't you: it's Gerd. He saw us outside your apartment lastrnnight. He thinks we're involved.\" \"Then let him know we aren't.\" \"I have,\" she said. \"He wouldn'trnbelieve me unless we stop seeing each other like this.\" \"Minerva, what do you want?\" \"I'm not sure,\" she said, with arnsad smile. \"Well, maybe…until you decide, wernshouldn't see each other so often.\" \"Maybe just when we have arnsession, or when you're giving me a lesson,\" she suggested. \"It's your call,\" I said. She paused, head bent. Then shernnodded. \"I think that's a very wise course of action.\" She reached behind me, her hand onrnthe back of my neck, and kissed my cheek, very close to the corner of my mouth.rnI wanted to pull her to me and kiss her, but I restrained myself. With that she turned and walkedrnaway. Concluded in the next chapter… Literary Easter Eggs: Discovery —Yes, I swiped thernname from \"2001: A Space Odyssey\". \"genomed\"—I don't remember if thisrnis an actual term used in the film, but it paralells with \"DNA'ed\", a word in ThernDictionary of the Future by Faith Popcorn (love that name!), meaning aboutrnthe same thing \"To discriminate against someone by genome or genetic-linkedrnphysical flaws.\" Afterword: Okay…I'm going to be crass and holdrnyou all in suspense for a while (i.e. hold off on posting chapter five), sincernI have a trio of song fics in the works that I may publish as a mini-anthology.rnA very strange thing has been happening with the Golden Oldies station I listenrnto while I'm writing this crazy stuff of mine: they keep playing threerndifferent songs recently which make me think of this movie: Elton John'srn\"Rocketman\", which reminds me a lot of Vincent/Jerome (The line \"I'm not thernman they think I am at home\" kept jumping out at me), \"Seasons in the Sun\" byrnI-can't-remember-who, which sounds like it might be Jerome (Eugene's) thoughtsrnbefore his first suicide attempt, and Simon and Garfunkel's \"I am a Rock\"rnsounds like Jerome's whole attitude post-\"accident\", so I've decided to put thernsongs STUCK in my head to good use….[Chapter 5] +J.M.J.+ Flesh of My Flesh By \"MatrixrnRefugee\" Author's Note: This chapter was a bit challenging to write, for the not sornsimple reason that I knew it was the last chapter of this story, and alsornbecause it was hard to keep the romance from exploding too soon. Jeromern(Eugene) and Minerva have been very, very good about it so far, Jeromernespecially because he pretends to be a non-romantic, which only heightens therntension all the more. (Not being in a relationship, I have to admit, I was arnbit envious of them, especially Minerva, heh, heh, heh). Disclaimer: See Chapter I V: Genomed I should have seen it coming: itrnwas going all too well… In the months that followed thernreining in of my friendship with Minerva, I kept myself busy. I startedrnstrength-training my legs, just enough to continue rebuilding the muscles. I'm builtrnslight so my frame can't take a lot of muscle; besides, women don't go for thernheavily muscled types. I wasn't looking for anyone, mindrnyou. I had my work teaching the kids at the Y, and I still had my own training,rnwhich kept me busy. The summer program ended, but Gerdrnkept me on, teaching adult classes in the evenings, which left me the morningsrnfree to continue my own work. I was almost too busy to notice I wasn't seeingrnmuch of Minerva. Summer passed into fall, whichrnmelted into winter's intermittent rain. My thirty-fourth birthday came aroundrnwith little fanfare, except for a card and a cheque from my parents. Eckartrnsent an Arab girl dancer up to my apartment that night. I pretended I wasn't atrnhome, but he picked the lock and sent her in. I did the right thing and calledrnsecurity; Eckart disappeared before they arrived, which left me to explain tornthe guards the presence of the houri who kept trying to drape herself over myrnshoulder. I had one perk though: Gerd hadrngone out of town for a couple of weeks without Minerva. A bit of the micernplaying while the cat was away: I rang her the afternoon of New Year's Eve tornsee if she wanted to go out. \"I was just about to callrnyou,\" she said. \"Are you doing anything tonight?\" \"No, I was going to ask yournthat, otherwise I'd just go out to get out of the flat. Did you have anythingrnplanned?\" \"Yes, a bunch of my friendsrnand I are going caroling tonight. Would you want to join us?\" \"I'm game.\" \"Good, I'll see aroundrnsix?\" \"Sure, sure.\" At six someone leaned on thernbuzzer at my apartment door. I opened it. Minerva stood just outside, arnsmall group of young folk behind her. One young wag with tousled dark blondrnhair stuck the lens of a video camera practically in my face. \"Is thisrnhim? Is this the English patient?\" he asked. \"Yep, this is him,\"rnMinerva said, stepping aside. \"Get the bloody camera out ofrnmy fayce,\" I snarled, deliberately exaggerating my accent. She quickly introduced me to therngroup: Matt, the wiseacre with the camera; Cheryl, Minerva's college roommate,rnand her husband Whiteman; Matt's roommate Hamilton, known simply asrn\"Ham\" because he was an actor; Ayanna, an African foreign exchangernstudent who had decided to stay on in the States, amongst others. \"Can you sing, Jerome?\"rnWhiteman asked as we set out. \"Of course he can sing! Hisrnfolks probably ordered opera singer vocal cords for 'um,\" Ham twitted. \"Can it, Ham,\" Cherylrnretorted. \"I can sing wellrnenough,\" I said, shrugging. \"I was a choir boy when I wasrnyounger.\" \"Then you're perfect forrnus,\" Cheryl said. \"Yeah, let him sing, we'llrntry to keep up,\" Matt said. We trouped through the residentialrnsections of town, singing as we went. What our chorusing lacked in accuracy wernmade up for with gusto, which even I found infectious. A few people didn't receive usrnwell. One guy came to the door wearing nothing but a towel, while anotherrnperson requested \"The Zither Carol\", which only Minerva knew. \"Of course you'd know the oddrnstuff, seeing you're entranced with arcane things,\" I said, nudging her. But most of the reactions wererngood. One burly older gent came to the door with an accordion and joined in,rnsinging in a lusty bass, while at another house, a grandmotherly-looking womanrnbrought out a tray of fresh gingerbread. Finally, a little hoarse, but stillrnready for more fun, we piled into the back of Cheryl and Whiteman's pick-uprntruck (with a cap on the back). Minerva tried to perch on a toolbox, abovernwhere I sat on the floor, but we hit a bump in the road and she pitched off,rnright into my lap. \"Oof!\" I grunted. \"Hey, get yer dirty Validrnpaws off her!\" Matt teased. \"And you, Miss InValid, go fish of thernInValid pier, especially with your man out of town!\" \"Oh, hush!\" shernretorted, getting out of my lap. \"Did I hurt you?\" \"No, but it let me know I'mrncured,\" I said. We ended up in the yard of Cherylrnand Whiteman's house for the post-caroling festivities around a bonfire,rnsitting on upturned pails and tree stumps, roasting weenies and marshmallows.rnMatt tried roasting a potato skewered on the end of his stick, but he keptrndropping it into the fire. The gang spent the time chatting and teasing eachrnother with crazy stories of things they had done and had lived to regret.rnSomeone prevailed on Minerva to sing the \"Zither Carol\", which shernencored with a ridiculous ditty called \"Dominic the Donkey\". I could have listened to her voicernall night; she had the proverbial voice of an angel. For \"the Donkey\"rnshe dropped her voice half an octave; and suddenly I recognized that voice, thernvoice of the unknown female vocalist I'd heard on Drexel's MP3 player the dayrnof my surgery. They pested me into singing next.rnI tried to demur, but they wouldn't hear of it. I regaled them with a comicrnsong my aunt used to sing, called \"The Drunk Lady's Christmas\", whichrnbasically consists of a litany of cocktails sung to the tune of \"12 Daysrnof Christmas\"; I couldn't remember half the words, so I ad-libbed it (It'srnsupposed to be ad-libbed anyway.), which turned it into—according tornHam—\"The Drunk Valid's Christmas\" (And yes, Matt was getting this allrndown on tape!). \"You have a good voice,rnJerome,\" Minerva told me. \"Yeah, if you like creakingrndoors,\" Matt twitted. \"Creak for yourself,\" Irnsaid. \"No, really, you have a greatrnvoice,\" she said, ignoring Matt. \"Kind of like a cross between DavidrnBowie's and Placido Domingo's.\" \"Is that good or bad?\" Irnventured. She held her stick between herrnknees as she sandwiched her molten marshmallow between two graham crackers.rn\"In my not-so-humble opinion, that's a very good thing.\" \"At least you admit it,\"rnI said. At five minutes to midnight,rnWhiteman came out of the house with a battery radio he set on a stump, tuningrnit to a station that carried a broadcast of the festivities in Times Square. Irnnoticed a few of the group going in and out of the kitchen door, coming outrnwith pots and pans and kitchen things. I expected Minerva to go in with them,rnbut she stayed put, listening with rapt concentration on the last twentyrnseconds of the year 2082. As the radio blared \"AuldrnLang Syne\", the gang started yelling and banging on their pots and pansrnand things. I turned to Minerva as she turned to me, her hand on my coatrnsleeve. \"Happy New Year,rnJerome,\" she said, with a smile, her face tilted up to mine. \"Happy New Year to you, too,rnMinerva,\" I said. I leaned down to her slightly, drawing her closer. I expected her to turn her headrnaway at the last second, but she didn't. She drew me closer. Our lips met inrnthe middle, lightly. \"Hey, lookit this!\" Hamrnyelled. \"Jerome and Minerva, up in a tree; K-I-S-S-I-N-G!\" We broke apart. Minerva blushedrnbright pink. Matt had trained his wretched camera on us both; I turned andrnfaced it, giving it—and him—the coldest look of disdain I had in me until herntook the camera away in search of a less hostile target. The pots and pans band took theirrnracket to the streets, forming a procession. A few people came out of theirrnhouses, joining in with their own noisemakers. Under cover of the racket,rnMinerva took me aside. \"Does that racket bother yourrnears?\" I asked her. \"Yeah, its just the way myrnhearing is wired,\" she admitted. \"I'm a little tiredrnmyself,\" I said. \"But thanks for having me along.\" \"You looked like you werernenjoying yourself.\" \"For the first time in a longrntime, I was,\" I said. She drove me back to my apartment.rnBefore I got out, I asked her what I hoped would only be a quick question: \"Did I really feel what Irnfelt when you kissed me, or was I just imagining that?\" She dropped her gazer. \"Irncan't say…If I answer the way I really felt, it might be misconstrued.\" \"By whom, me? Gerd?\" \"By the both of you.\" \"You told me one that tornfollow your dreams involves a choice. I think there's a choice you have to makernas well.\" She put her hand on mine andrnlooked at me. \"I know. And I'd better make it soon.\" \"In that case, I'd better letrnyou decide it,\" I said, pushing open the door and getting out. \"Goodrnnight, Minerva.\" \"Good night, Jerome.\" I closed the door and stepped uprnonto the kerb. She pulled away into the night. As I walked to my door, I heardrnfootsteps nearby. I looked around as I keyed the lock. Something moved, dashingrnacross and opening of light between the shadows of the buildings in therncomplex. I couldn't make out what it could be. A few days later, Gerd came backrnto the Y. He seemed a little cooler than usual, but it could have been myrnimagination. But then, one evening, as I wasrnheading out after a long day, Bill the gadfly came up behind me and poked me inrnthe back. \"The boss-man wants to seernyou in his office,\" he said. \"Regarding?\" I asked. \"I dunno, but he seemsrnmad.\" I found Gerd in his office,rnstanding by the window looking out at the rain splatting the pane, his back tornthe door. \"Close the door,\" hernordered, without turning around. I reached back and pushed the doorrnshut. He turned to me slowly without looking at me. \"I've heard about how you andrnMinerva have been carrying on,\" he said. \"She asked me to join her andrna group of her friends for New Year's Eve. We went caroling, then we went tornher friend Cheryl's house for a cookout.\" \"Is that all?\" \"I kissed her for luck atrnmidnight, but it was more of a friendship kiss than anything else,\" Irnsaid. \"Anything else?\" \"She drove me home. We saidrngood night. And I went into my apartment as she drove away.\" He nodded slowly. \"That's allrnI wanted to know. You can go.\" I went out. The cold rain fallingrncouldn't have chilled me more than Gerd's words. Around the fourteenth of February, I sent a single white rose tornMinerva, to help aide her decision. I think if I had second sight, I might haverndone otherwise. I spent the night of Valentine'srnDay alone, which was no longer so lonely as it had been. I had my memories tornkeep me company, but I couldn't help wondering what Minerva was telling Gerd. Irnpictured them having dinner together in an alcove of a hotel dining room, hernpresenting her with a ring as he popped the question; her telling him no, sherncouldn't, admitting she loved another man. Who? he'd ask. A very good friend of mine, manrnwho's life I saved and who saved my life. No, no, not Morrow, he'd say, desperate.rnNot that smug first-class. Yes, he. But I also saw her smiling, sayingrnyes, letting him slip the ring onto her finger. It didn't surprise me that Gerdrndidn't show up next morning. The kids all had their theories, the most commonrnbeing, \"Wow, Minerva must REEEALLY have a hold on the man!\", butrnquite a few others were contending, \"Man, she must've dumped himrnhard.\" \"Whaddya think, Jerry: sherntook him or she dumped him?\" Bill the gadfly asked me in the locker room. \"I think that's between Gerdrnand Minerva,\" I said, buttoning up my shirt. \"Ohhh, so y' DO like her!rnIdn't she yer shrink?\" \"That's privilegedrninformation,\" I said. \"Guess that's the Brit way ofrntakin' the Fifth.\" \"It's not for you tornknow.\" \"Yeah, riiiiggghhht,\"rnBill grinned, darting away before I could poke him. When Gerd didn't show up for workrnthe next day, we all started to wonder what was going on. I had an appointmentrnwith Minerva that morning, which let us all know where Gerd wasn't . But then late in the afternoon,rnGerd showed up. He avoided me in the hallway and he didn't spot me during onernof my training sessions. However, as I headed out thatrnevening, he suddenly stepped out of his office, his face grim. \"Morrow: in my office.rnNow,\" he ordered, jerking his thumb over his shoulder. I followed him into the office. Hernturned, reached over my shoulder and slammed the door shut. He faced me,rnlooking me in the eye. \"What are you doing?\" herndemanded. \"What am I doing aboutrnwhat?\" I asked. \"You know what I mean: what arernyou doing to Minerva?\" \"I've done nothing to herrnexcept teach her to swim.\" \"You're getting around her,rnaren't you? You're screwing with her head, trying to take her away from me.rnAren't there enough Valid women out there for you?\" \"Minerva once told me shernwasn't sure about marrying you because you wanted to have her kidsrnValidated.\" \"I told her that I'd changedrnmy mind about that, that I'd let our kids be conceived the old-fashioned way.rnBut she still said no. What did you do to her?\" \"I've done nothing tornher.\" He was deadly silent for a second,rnhis eyes blazing. \"I can't fire you. But I suggest that you find yourselfrnanother trainer.\" He opened the door with a coldrnlook that clearly said 'Get out.' I went. One cloud gets lonely in the sky… As I walked to my door later thatrnevening, I heard a car approach behind me, tires screaming. I dove into thernshadows. A small man in black leaned out ofrnthe car window, armed with a small rifle. He aimed in my direction and firedrnthree shots. I hit the ground and rolled out ofrnthe way. I expected to hear bullets hit the wall. Instead, small white dartsrndropped around me. I lay still, pretending I'd been hit, as the car sped away. I sat up and took my handkerchiefrnfrom my pocket. I picked up one of the darts and examined it. It looked likernthe kind of darts used in tranquilizer guns. I laid it down carefully and wentrnin to call the police. \"So did you catch the licensernplate of the car?\" the detective asked me, as the other officers andrninvestigators combed the area for anything else. \"No, it was too dark and Irnwas trying to dodge the shots,\" I said. \"I think it was a late modelrnSaturn, dark blue maybe black. There were two men in it, as far as I couldrntell, one smaller than the driver. \"We'll canvas the area, seernif anyone got a better look at it,\" he said. \"But can you tell me what wasrnin those darts?\" \"It's too soon to tell; we'llrnhave to have a lab analyze them. Right now, they look like standardrntranquilizer darts, the kind veterinarians and forest rangers use. Do you knowrnof anyone who might want to injure you?\" I meant to say no, but I replied,rn\"There is one man, Gerhard Koestelbaum over at the YPCA.\" \"We'll be in touch in case wernget any other leads. For now, if you have a regular routine, you might want tornvary it a little, just so it won't be easy for the suspects to track you.\" \"And make it harder for themrnto try and plug me again.\" \"You got it.\" I ran my laps inside the apartmentrnthe next morning. I walked a more circuitous route to work and went home by yetrnanother route entirely. A few days later, the detective onrnthe case called me back. \"We just got the results onrnthose darts: you should consider yourself very lucky, Mr. Morrow.\" \"Why, what was in them?rnPoison?\" \"It may as well have been: they'rernwhat are known as ladder-smashers. They're full of reprogrammed viruses loadedrnwith faulty gene sequences.\" My blood ran cold at the sound ofrnthat. \"Why kind of genetics?\" \"One line would casernpremature balding, another would cause glaucoma, the third contained thernobesity gene.\" My stomach tightened at that.rn\"What sick son of a b---h would do this?\" \"Someone who obviously hatesrnValids. Of course the symptoms wouldn't show up immediately. But geneticrncontamination is irreversible.\" \"So I really luckedrnout.\" \"Don't think this means yourncan let down your guard. We haven't made any arrests yet.\" \"I heard the news,\"rnMinerva said, a day later after her swimming lesson. \"Have they found outrnwho did it?\" \"No, they've questioned arncouple labs that have been known to produce reprogrammed viruses for researchrnpurposes, but no one's talking yet. So the FBI is supposed to step in to put arnlittle pressure on them,\" I said. \"I know your next appointmentrnisn't for another week, but I think I have an opening on Tuesday afternoon, atrnthree, in case you think you need it.\" \"I certainly could usernit,\" I said. \"Might I ask you a question?\" \"Sure.\" \"Do you know anything aboutrnGerd, why he's acting so strangely of late? He's been extremely cold towardrnme.\" She dropped her gaze to thernsurface of the water. \"The night of St. Valentine's Day, he asked me tornmarry him…I told him it wouldn't work, that it wasn't him. He needs someonernelse.\" \"Is that your onlyrnreason?\" I asked. She gave me that mysterious smilernof hers that meant there was more going on in her head than she cared to say atrnthat moment. \"No. But I can't tell you here.\" I knew better than to press herrnfor more information I found another trainer, a manrnnamed Malloran Whittaker, better known as \"Wit\", who turned out to bernno one less than the gent with the accordion who'd sung with Minerva and herrngang on New Year's Eve. He was a slave driver as a trainer, but he was justrnwhat I needed. Gerd avoided me for the most part,rnor if he had to speak to me, he discharged it in the most perfunctory manner.rnMaybe I'd gone paranoid since the shooting, but I wondered if there was more tornhis iciness than mere coldness. I hadn't seen Eckart in months.rnI'd wondered if someone's husband had shot him, since I hadn't heard anythingrnfrom him, and I doubt he'd given up the racket. Or maybe he'd been picked uprnselling ladders, like German, his mentor, who'd hooked me up with Vincent. I spent the first half of my nextrnsession with Minerva talking about the shooting and the subsequent investigation,rntelling her about the close shave with contamination I'd had. I could tell shernlistened partly as a friend, but mostly as a therapist. \"You're really lucky that yournweren't harmed. Have you heard anything more from the detectives?\" shernasked. \"No, they're supposed torncontact me as soon as they make an arrest. \"But this isn't the onlyrnproblem I've had lately,\" I said, tentatively. I paused, searching for thernright words. \"I'm in love.\" \"Well, good for you! Tell mernabout her.\" \"She's a very smart youngrnwoman, she's beautiful, gifted…and she's an InValid.\" \"And that bothers you?\" \"No, not at all,\" Irnsaid. \"I'm just afraid she won't be interested in me…because I'm arnValid.\" \"If she really seems like thernright woman to pursue a relationship with, there's only one way to find thatrnout. I think you know what that is.\" \"Test the waters.\" \"Yes.\" \"But that's just it: she'srnthat kind of girl who doesn't show her emotions on the surface.\" She licked her lips. \"I thinkrnyou'll know how she feels about you and when she shows it. she just might needrnthe right man to bring her out.\" \"I just hope that I'm thatrnright man for her.\" \"You're afraid of making arnmistake.\" I nodded, too chastened to speak. \"You have nothing to lose byrnasking her. If you don't ask, you won't know.\" \"I'll ask her.\" I wanted to call Minerva that veryrnnight. I kept reaching for the phone, but my hand stopped just before itrntouched the receiver. I tried to avoid the phone by going on the Internet, butrnthat didn't keep my eye form roving back to the phone. It got late. I cursed my nervesrnand went to bed. Maybe things would have gone differently…but maybe not… In the middle of the night,rnsomething crashed through a window somewhere nearby, awakening me from a soundrnsleep. I figured it was next door and started to go back to sleep. But then Irnsmelled something burning. The smoke alarm in the hallway wailed like arnbanshee. I threw back the covers and boltedrnfor the back entrance. I kicked the door open and bolted out into the cold. The other inhabitants of the unitrnhad already evacuated, just as the fire brigade arrived. My weak leg gave outrnand I fell to the ground. Two medics ran up to examine me. \"Are you all right? Do yournfeel pain anywhere?\" one of them asked. \"I'm al right, my leg justrngave out,\" I said, rising. They examined me to be in the safe side.rnAnother crewmember brought a blanket—I was wearing only my shorts. I insistedrnon walking to the shelter of one of the emergency vehicles. A crowd of people from the rest of the complex had gathered at thernedge of the scene, watching, their faces eerily lit by the flickering lightrnfrom the windows, their cries of consternation rising over the roar of thernflames. The crowd parted. Minerva ran up,rna coat thrown on over her bathrobe, and her feet stuffed into her shoes. \"Let me through! I'm arnpsychologist: one of my patients is there!\" she cried. The police whorntried to bar her way let her through. She came to the van where I sat,rnhuddled inside the blanket. I pulled it closer around myself as she came near. \"Jerome, are you allrnright?\" she asked. \"I'm alive, I'mrnunharmed,\" I said. She put her arms around me; Irncouldn't quite tell, but there was more than just a motherly or a friendlyrnconcern there. The Red Cross put the survivors uprnin a motel for the night and gave each of us a change of clothes in case we'drnlost everything to the flames. Next day, Minerva cane around torntake me back to what had been my apartment to see what we could salvage.rnThere'd been no serious structural damage to the building, so the fire marshalrnwas allowing the former inhabitants to salvage whatever belongings they could.rnThey suspected foul play: they'd found a broken glass bottle that might havernbeen a Molotov cocktail. The furniture had been badlyrnscorched and charred. Most of my first editions were unsalvageable. I found therncase that contained my silver medal: the leather on the case was blackened fromrnthe heat, but unscathed. But when I opened the case itself,rnI found the medal itself had melted. I sank down on the cinders thatrnlittered the floor, feeling tears at the corners of my eyes. Minerva came uprnbehind me, looking over my shoulder. \"What's that?\" she asked. \"It…was my silverrnmedal,\" I said. \"Oh, Jerome…I'm so sorry.\" \"The old Jerome would be gladrnto see this,\" I said. \"But he's long gone.\" \"Let it out…let that painrnout.\" I think I cried for a few moments,rnbut I pulled myself together to finish the work. \"So where are you going torngo?\" Minerva asked, as we sat on the kerb beside the few boxes containing myrnthings later that afternoon. \"I'm trying to find anotherrnapartment within walking distance from the Y, but there isn't anything available,\"rnI said. \"Well…I've got a couple roomsrnin my house that I was going to put up for rent,\" she offered. \"How much did you want forrnrenting them?\" \"100 a week.\" \"I can afford that,\" Irnsaid. I moved in that day. She drove myrnfew surviving belongings to her house, an antique wood frame house builtrnsomewhat like a New England saltbox. She told me that an eccentric millionairernfrom Massachusetts had had the house moved cross-country back in the 1970s sornhis wife wouldn't feel too displaced when they left Boston to live here. \"Someone like me couldn'trnpossibly live in a normal house, could she?\" she said, twitting herself. Inside was as comfortably lived inrnas her office, lightly cluttered with books and magazines. She led me upstairsrnto the two empty rooms she had set aside. \"The only trouble is there's onlyrnone bathroom and it's on the ground floor,\" she said. \"I can handle thernstairs,\" I said. \"But we'll berncolliding,\" I said. \"Unless we assign hours.\" \"Good idea: I'm usually up atrnseven.\" \"I'll take the six o'clockrnslot then,\" I said. \"You'll never know I was here.\" \"I imagine I won't,\" shernsaid. \"But I'd better warn you about that bathroom: The latch on the doorrndoesn't work sometimes. And you'd better be careful when you take a bath; ifrnsomeone is running hot water in the kitchen, the hot water cuts out in thernbathroom.\" \"In that case I'll just takerncare not to take a bath when you're doing dishes. \"But there's just one otherrnthing,\" I added. \"What?\" \"What is Gerd going to thinkrnof this?\" \"I don't think herncares.\" Despite Minerva's warning, I wentrnto take a bath after supper, to get the smoke and cinders out of my hair and myrnpores. I let the water run while I went for my robe upstairs. When I came back,rnI shut the bathroom door before I peeled, but I neglected to check to see if thernlatch had engaged. When I stuck my foot into the three or four inches of waterrnin the bath, I let out a roar of shock: it was ice-cold (And mind you, this wasrnmy left foot, the one that's not always awake.). I jumped back and since the latchrnwasn't engaged, the door popped open from my exertions. Naturally Minerva wasrnright there, passing by with some of her laundry. And there I was, as geneticrnengineering had made me. She looked away, blushingrnabsolutely bright pink as she pulled and I pushed the door shut. \"And like the arrogant Validrnthat I am, I ignored your warning about the bathroom,\" I said, coming out later,rnmy robe wrapped close about me. \"It's all right,\" shernsaid. \"Everyone has trouble with it, even I do sometimes and I've livedrnhere since I was qualified.\" Somehow, I could tell from the look in herrneye that she wasn't disappointed with what she'd seen of me, but she was toornmodest to let on. Next day, I called my parents torntell them what had happened. \"So where are you stayingrnnow?\" Mum asked. \"I'm renting a couple of roomsrnfrom a friend of mine.\" \"Do you have anythingrnleft?\" \"I've got a few sticks ofrnfurniture, and the Red Cross provided a few odds and ends \"We'll be over as soon as werncan. I'll make the flight arrangements as soon as I get off.\" \"Mum, no, don't go to thatrntrouble. I just called to tell you I'm all right.\" \"You've had a terrible experience.rnWe'll have to help you replace what you lost.\" \"All things considered, I'mrndoing well.\" We went back and forth like thisrnfor several minutes. In the end, my mother won out. I hung up the phone and leanedrnback in the chair of Minerva's telephone table, kneading my forehead with my knuckles. \"Trouble with yourrnmother?\" Minerva asked. \"Yes,\" I admitted.rn\"They're coming over as soon as they can.\" She patted my shoulder. \"We'llrnmanage.\" Next morning, my parents arrivedrnat Minerva's door after she'd left for work. They insisted on taking me outrnshopping right away. I had to divulge what I'd lost in the fire; my fatherrninsisted on helping me buy a complete new wardrobe, while my mother grilled mernfor the titles of the books I'd lost. My father pelted me withrnquestions: why hadn't I finished my education? Was I ever going to find a wife?rnWas I working? I answered him as best as I could: I was training again for the nextrnOlympics; I was just starting a relationship with a doctor; and I was workingrnas a swimming instructor at the local Y. They took me out to lunch.rnAfterward, we went home, just as Minerva had come back from her office. She met us at the door and let usrnin. My father took one look at her and his face went as cold as a stone inrnwinter. He turned to me. \"So you fell in love withrnyour therapist,\" he said, icy-toned. \"She offered me thernrooms,\" I said. \"I didn't have much to choose from.\" \"Mr. Morrow, you're gravelyrnmistaken,\" she said. \"And now you're cohabitingrnwith this…this DeGenerate?\" my father spluttered. \"I'm only sharing the house,\"rnI said. \"But why this female? Why notrncome home to live with us?\" Mum wheedled. \"We've kept your roomsrnfree.\" \"I'm going to marry thisrnhighly intelligent young woman,\" I said before I knew the words were outrnof my mouth. My father's face went purple.rn\"Very well, have your InValid. But don't expect to see a penny of yourrninheritance,\" he snapped. \"Estelle, come along.\" With that, they went out. I letrnout a sigh of relief, but I turned to Minerva. She'd sunk down on the couch, herrnhead down and her shoulders trembling. I sat down next to her, slipping my handrnbehind her back. \"Here, it's all right now:rnthey're gone,\" I said. \"I know, but the things theyrnsaid about me…I should be used to it by now.\" I stroked her face. \"No,rnnobody could get used to that. Don't listen to them: listen to me.\" She slowly lifted her face tornmine. \"I heard what you said to them…is it true?\" \"I said it to drive them off…butrnI mean it. You mean as much to me as life itself.\" She smiled at me through herrntears. \"You mean as much to me as life itself and the world we livernin.\" \"All the way to Saturn andrnback,\" I countered. \"All the way to the eventrnhorizon of the universe and back.\" I had to have the final word.rn\"All the way to the mind of God…and back down to the DNA in ourrncells.\" \"Do you love me?\" shernasked. \"Yes…you knew already.\" She smiled and nodded, \"ThatrnInValid girl you told me about.\" \"I don't have to tell you, butrnyou'll want to hear it…that was you.\" I had two bracelets made up fromrnthe silver of my medal: one for her, one for me, both engraved with her motto:rn\"There is no gene for the human spirit,\" my first present for myrnfuture wife. I quickly settled into being thernman of the house, checking the locks before we retired for the night—in separaternrooms, Minerva wanted to wait for the ring. The idea irked me at first, but Irnquickly adjusted to it. It was good that I rook up thisrnduty, as I later found out. One night, as I was securing thernfront door, I heard something fumbling with the back door. I ran to the kitchenrnand found the back door opening, a small dark shadow slipping in. I threw on the light and grabbedrnthe intruder by the throat, shoving him up against a wall. \"You little sneak, what arernyou doing?\" I snarled, looking down into Eckart's skull-face, already grinningrnnervously as the sweat broke out in beads on his forehead. \"It was you, wasn't it?\"rnI demanded. \"What was me?\" he asked,rnhis voice gone smooth with innocence. \"You were the one spying onrnme.\" I stomped on his foot, which stopped him from worming out of myrngrasp. \"And you fired that ladder buster at me.\" At this moment, Minerva came intornthe room. She walked out just as quickly. I heard her dialing the phone. \"That her?\" he asked. \"Who?\" \"Your shrink. God, she's arnlooker! She must feel good under you…for an InValid.\" \"None of your damnedrnbusiness,\" I said, icy-voiced. \"I take that as a yes,\"rnhe purred, licking his chops. \"Never had InValid before—\" I squeezed the back of his neck asrnhe tried to break away again. \"I just live here. And I might not be livingrnhere if you hadn't set my flat on fire.\" \"So I helped you get therngirl,\" he said with a grin. \"Isn't that what you wanted, or do yournreally have something for that other InValid?\" \"If you mean Vincent, I onlyrnhave respect and admiration for him.\" Sirens wailed in the nearrndistance, coming closer. Eckart tensed in my grasp and tried to fight me again.rnIn theory, I probably could have crushed him to death, but I did not want to dornthat. \"You sadist!\" Eckartrnsnarled. \"You destroy everything you love. Even me. You loved what I didrnfor you, didn't you? But you never thanked anyone for anything. German, myrnboss, got you a way to give your dreary little life a purpose, and you neverrngave him a word of thanks. I helped you find the love of your life and yourninsult me. You did it, you coward! You used me… the way you use every InValidrnyou meet.\" \"No, Eckart,\" I said,rncalmly, though to be honest the old Jerome wanted to bash his head in.rn\"You used me. You played on my imperfections and you used them to yourrnadvantage. \"Who had you watchingrnme?\" \"A guy named Gerd.\" I was afraid of that. \"Andrnshooting those darts at me, whose idea was that?\" \"Not mine.\" \"Then whose?\" A long pause.rn\"His…Gerd's.\" Now that was a twist on thernjealous rival shooting at the man courting his girl. \"And the Molotovrncocktail through the window?\" He said nothing, just gave me anrnodd smile, and I knew then he'd done that out of pure malice, to finish off thernjob even though Gerd had relinquished it. I released my grip on him. Hernmoved tentatively. I let him go and stepped back. He looked up at me warily. \"What are you doing?\" hernasked. \"Letting you go.\" \"Why?\" \"Because it's the right thingrnto do.\" \"So at the last minute, wernturn into a saint. The cops 'll drag me off and you'll go back to slam-bangingrnthat InValid girl. You love screwing with us, don't you?\" He lunged at me, screeching anrnexpletive and reached for my throat. I could have roundhouse punched the littlernbroken ladder. But I fended him off with a glancing blow on his cheekbone,rnpulling the punch. He fell over backwards, sprawlingrnat my feet. He looked up at me, clutching his face. \"You enjoyed that, you smugrnValid prick,\" he snarled. \"Not as much as you enjoyedrntrying to kill me,\" I said. I stepped across his prone form just as thernpolice appeared on the back steps, two officers, one older than the other.rn\"He's right here, officers.\" I jerked my thumb over my shoulder.rn\"I had to subdue him.\" \"Well, hello, Phil,\" thernsenior officer said with mock joviality as Eckart scrambled to his feet.rn\"Don't tell me: break in and entry.\" \"I was only dropping in tornsee a friend,\" Eckart said. \"You have an interesting MOrnfor dropping in,\" the officer said, as his partner slapped the cuffs onrnEckart. \"Oh, and this isn't the only reason we're taking you downtown: we'vernfound a link between you and some other 'favors' you've done for thisrngentleman.\" They dragged Eckart out into thernnight. I pushed the door shut. My gimpy leg started wobbling, and I had to sitrndown on one of the kitchen chairs. Minerva came in, clad in herrnbathrobe. \"Are you all right?\" she asked. \"Yes,\" I said. \"Irnjust purged myself of my worst demon…after the old Jerome, of course.\" \"Eckart?\" \"He picked the lock. He can'trnbother us any more.\" \"Now you can start a newrnlife,\" she said, putting her arms about me, consolingly. I drew her to me. And start a new life I have… Now she lies asleep next to mernwhile I finish jotting this, her slender form curled contentedly against me.rnShe sighs softly in her sleep and I wonder if she dreams. To give it the nineteenth centuryrnexplanation: Dear reader, I married her. The critics said it wouldn't last.rnThey said I'd go looking for a woman of my own class within six months. Well,rnsix months have passed, and we are still very much together. We had to find arnpriest who would marry us without a license, but we're married in the eyes ofrnGod even if society frowns upon our marriage. Damn mankind's stupid laws! Damnrnhis quest for the wrong kinds of perfection. Look at what it did to me! She was flesh of my flesh, nervernof my nerves for two years. Now where there were two of us of very differentrnclasses, we are one in heart, one in soul, one in spirit. I'd even say one inrnmind, I swear she knows what I'm thinking. She was perfect where I wasrnimperfect, and this has perfected me. We had a simple wedding on thernbeach where Minerva and I had had our first unofficial date. Cheryl prepared arnclambake for Minerva's gang of friends, who'd quickly become mine as well. We toldrneveryone we'd be spending the wedding night at the Ritz-Carlton in town. Butrnafter dark, Minerva and I snuck back to the beach. By the light of the fullrnmoon, and with Saturn rising in the east, we swam together in the calm watersrnof the lagoon. Later, we made love for the very first time, at the water line,rnthe soft waves washing over and around us. I wonder if Adam and Eve had it sornwell on the first honeymoon the world ever saw. I'd been a little concernedrnthat I might not be able to do my best for Minerva, but I surprised us both. Wernslept on the sand dune on a bed of sweet-salt smelling grasses, Minerva nestledrnagainst my heart; but I woke to find I'd let her go in the night. This botheredrnme at first, especially because I had turned over on my stomach, away from her.rnBut I found she'd pillowed her head on the middle of my back, her hand underrnher cheek, covering my surgical scar… She turns to me and opens herrneyes, then looks at the notebook I'm jotting in. \"Whatcha got there?\"rnshe asks. \"Just my journal,\" Irnsay. \"Jotting down a few things for Vincent.\" \"When's he coming back?\"rnshe asks. \"Seven more months fromrnnow.\" She takes my hand in hers.rn\"Right about the same time our son will arrive.\" The notebook drops from my hand. Irnturn to her. \"Our…son? Are you sure?\" She nods. \"There's a way tornfind out even this early. I'd like to name him Vincent.\" \"Eugene Vincent,\" Irncorrect her. I reach out and cover her belly with my free hand. Perfection, imperfection; male,rnfemale…I refuse to put my children through the living hell their grandfatherrnput me through. We may have to hide our offspring under the bed or in therncloset…but maybe, like Moses, our son will bring freedom to his kind. ThernEnd… Afterword: A sequel to this is in the works,rnwhich looks like it's going to be from Vincent/Jerome's POV, so keep an eye onrnthis category! Literary Easter Eggs: Christmas songs—with the exceptionrnof \"The Zither Carol\", I heard all these songs on the localrn\"Golden Oldies\" station at Christmas. Jerome's trouble with the bathtubrnand door—Art imitates life: I had the cold water craziness happen to me as Irnwas drafting this chapter, but I had no trouble with indecent latches.","LastChapter":"+J.M.J.+ Flesh of My Flesh By \"MatrixrnRefugee\" Author's Note: This chapter was a bit challenging to write, for the not sornsimple reason that I knew it was the last chapter of this story, and alsornbecause it was hard to keep the romance from exploding too soon. Jeromern(Eugene) and Minerva have been very, very good about it so far, Jeromernespecially because he pretends to be a non-romantic, which only heightens therntension all the more. (Not being in a relationship, I have to admit, I was arnbit envious of them, especially Minerva, heh, heh, heh). Disclaimer: See Chapter I V: Genomed I should have seen it coming: itrnwas going all too well… In the months that followed thernreining in of my friendship with Minerva, I kept myself busy. I startedrnstrength-training my legs, just enough to continue rebuilding the muscles. I'm builtrnslight so my frame can't take a lot of muscle; besides, women don't go for thernheavily muscled types. I wasn't looking for anyone, mindrnyou. I had my work teaching the kids at the Y, and I still had my own training,rnwhich kept me busy. The summer program ended, but Gerdrnkept me on, teaching adult classes in the evenings, which left me the morningsrnfree to continue my own work. I was almost too busy to notice I wasn't seeingrnmuch of Minerva. Summer passed into fall, whichrnmelted into winter's intermittent rain. My thirty-fourth birthday came aroundrnwith little fanfare, except for a card and a cheque from my parents. Eckartrnsent an Arab girl dancer up to my apartment that night. I pretended I wasn't atrnhome, but he picked the lock and sent her in. I did the right thing and calledrnsecurity; Eckart disappeared before they arrived, which left me to explain tornthe guards the presence of the houri who kept trying to drape herself over myrnshoulder. I had one perk though: Gerd hadrngone out of town for a couple of weeks without Minerva. A bit of the micernplaying while the cat was away: I rang her the afternoon of New Year's Eve tornsee if she wanted to go out. \"I was just about to callrnyou,\" she said. \"Are you doing anything tonight?\" \"No, I was going to ask yournthat, otherwise I'd just go out to get out of the flat. Did you have anythingrnplanned?\" \"Yes, a bunch of my friendsrnand I are going caroling tonight. Would you want to join us?\" \"I'm game.\" \"Good, I'll see aroundrnsix?\" \"Sure, sure.\" At six someone leaned on thernbuzzer at my apartment door. I opened it. Minerva stood just outside, arnsmall group of young folk behind her. One young wag with tousled dark blondrnhair stuck the lens of a video camera practically in my face. \"Is thisrnhim? Is this the English patient?\" he asked. \"Yep, this is him,\"rnMinerva said, stepping aside. \"Get the bloody camera out ofrnmy fayce,\" I snarled, deliberately exaggerating my accent. She quickly introduced me to therngroup: Matt, the wiseacre with the camera; Cheryl, Minerva's college roommate,rnand her husband Whiteman; Matt's roommate Hamilton, known simply asrn\"Ham\" because he was an actor; Ayanna, an African foreign exchangernstudent who had decided to stay on in the States, amongst others. \"Can you sing, Jerome?\"rnWhiteman asked as we set out. \"Of course he can sing! Hisrnfolks probably ordered opera singer vocal cords for 'um,\" Ham twitted. \"Can it, Ham,\" Cherylrnretorted. \"I can sing wellrnenough,\" I said, shrugging. \"I was a choir boy when I wasrnyounger.\" \"Then you're perfect forrnus,\" Cheryl said. \"Yeah, let him sing, we'llrntry to keep up,\" Matt said. We trouped through the residentialrnsections of town, singing as we went. What our chorusing lacked in accuracy wernmade up for with gusto, which even I found infectious. A few people didn't receive usrnwell. One guy came to the door wearing nothing but a towel, while anotherrnperson requested \"The Zither Carol\", which only Minerva knew. \"Of course you'd know the oddrnstuff, seeing you're entranced with arcane things,\" I said, nudging her. But most of the reactions wererngood. One burly older gent came to the door with an accordion and joined in,rnsinging in a lusty bass, while at another house, a grandmotherly-looking womanrnbrought out a tray of fresh gingerbread. Finally, a little hoarse, but stillrnready for more fun, we piled into the back of Cheryl and Whiteman's pick-uprntruck (with a cap on the back). Minerva tried to perch on a toolbox, abovernwhere I sat on the floor, but we hit a bump in the road and she pitched off,rnright into my lap. \"Oof!\" I grunted. \"Hey, get yer dirty Validrnpaws off her!\" Matt teased. \"And you, Miss InValid, go fish of thernInValid pier, especially with your man out of town!\" \"Oh, hush!\" shernretorted, getting out of my lap. \"Did I hurt you?\" \"No, but it let me know I'mrncured,\" I said. We ended up in the yard of Cherylrnand Whiteman's house for the post-caroling festivities around a bonfire,rnsitting on upturned pails and tree stumps, roasting weenies and marshmallows.rnMatt tried roasting a potato skewered on the end of his stick, but he keptrndropping it into the fire. The gang spent the time chatting and teasing eachrnother with crazy stories of things they had done and had lived to regret.rnSomeone prevailed on Minerva to sing the \"Zither Carol\", which shernencored with a ridiculous ditty called \"Dominic the Donkey\". I could have listened to her voicernall night; she had the proverbial voice of an angel. For \"the Donkey\"rnshe dropped her voice half an octave; and suddenly I recognized that voice, thernvoice of the unknown female vocalist I'd heard on Drexel's MP3 player the dayrnof my surgery. They pested me into singing next.rnI tried to demur, but they wouldn't hear of it. I regaled them with a comicrnsong my aunt used to sing, called \"The Drunk Lady's Christmas\", whichrnbasically consists of a litany of cocktails sung to the tune of \"12 Daysrnof Christmas\"; I couldn't remember half the words, so I ad-libbed it (It'srnsupposed to be ad-libbed anyway.), which turned it into—according tornHam—\"The Drunk Valid's Christmas\" (And yes, Matt was getting this allrndown on tape!). \"You have a good voice,rnJerome,\" Minerva told me. \"Yeah, if you like creakingrndoors,\" Matt twitted. \"Creak for yourself,\" Irnsaid. \"No, really, you have a greatrnvoice,\" she said, ignoring Matt. \"Kind of like a cross between DavidrnBowie's and Placido Domingo's.\" \"Is that good or bad?\" Irnventured. She held her stick between herrnknees as she sandwiched her molten marshmallow between two graham crackers.rn\"In my not-so-humble opinion, that's a very good thing.\" \"At least you admit it,\"rnI said. At five minutes to midnight,rnWhiteman came out of the house with a battery radio he set on a stump, tuningrnit to a station that carried a broadcast of the festivities in Times Square. Irnnoticed a few of the group going in and out of the kitchen door, coming outrnwith pots and pans and kitchen things. I expected Minerva to go in with them,rnbut she stayed put, listening with rapt concentration on the last twentyrnseconds of the year 2082. As the radio blared \"AuldrnLang Syne\", the gang started yelling and banging on their pots and pansrnand things. I turned to Minerva as she turned to me, her hand on my coatrnsleeve. \"Happy New Year,rnJerome,\" she said, with a smile, her face tilted up to mine. \"Happy New Year to you, too,rnMinerva,\" I said. I leaned down to her slightly, drawing her closer. I expected her to turn her headrnaway at the last second, but she didn't. She drew me closer. Our lips met inrnthe middle, lightly. \"Hey, lookit this!\" Hamrnyelled. \"Jerome and Minerva, up in a tree; K-I-S-S-I-N-G!\" We broke apart. Minerva blushedrnbright pink. Matt had trained his wretched camera on us both; I turned andrnfaced it, giving it—and him—the coldest look of disdain I had in me until herntook the camera away in search of a less hostile target. The pots and pans band took theirrnracket to the streets, forming a procession. A few people came out of theirrnhouses, joining in with their own noisemakers. Under cover of the racket,rnMinerva took me aside. \"Does that racket bother yourrnears?\" I asked her. \"Yeah, its just the way myrnhearing is wired,\" she admitted. \"I'm a little tiredrnmyself,\" I said. \"But thanks for having me along.\" \"You looked like you werernenjoying yourself.\" \"For the first time in a longrntime, I was,\" I said. She drove me back to my apartment.rnBefore I got out, I asked her what I hoped would only be a quick question: \"Did I really feel what Irnfelt when you kissed me, or was I just imagining that?\" She dropped her gazer. \"Irncan't say…If I answer the way I really felt, it might be misconstrued.\" \"By whom, me? Gerd?\" \"By the both of you.\" \"You told me one that tornfollow your dreams involves a choice. I think there's a choice you have to makernas well.\" She put her hand on mine andrnlooked at me. \"I know. And I'd better make it soon.\" \"In that case, I'd better letrnyou decide it,\" I said, pushing open the door and getting out. \"Goodrnnight, Minerva.\" \"Good night, Jerome.\" I closed the door and stepped uprnonto the kerb. She pulled away into the night. As I walked to my door, I heardrnfootsteps nearby. I looked around as I keyed the lock. Something moved, dashingrnacross and opening of light between the shadows of the buildings in therncomplex. I couldn't make out what it could be. A few days later, Gerd came backrnto the Y. He seemed a little cooler than usual, but it could have been myrnimagination. But then, one evening, as I wasrnheading out after a long day, Bill the gadfly came up behind me and poked me inrnthe back. \"The boss-man wants to seernyou in his office,\" he said. \"Regarding?\" I asked. \"I dunno, but he seemsrnmad.\" I found Gerd in his office,rnstanding by the window looking out at the rain splatting the pane, his back tornthe door. \"Close the door,\" hernordered, without turning around. I reached back and pushed the doorrnshut. He turned to me slowly without looking at me. \"I've heard about how you andrnMinerva have been carrying on,\" he said. \"She asked me to join her andrna group of her friends for New Year's Eve. We went caroling, then we went tornher friend Cheryl's house for a cookout.\" \"Is that all?\" \"I kissed her for luck atrnmidnight, but it was more of a friendship kiss than anything else,\" Irnsaid. \"Anything else?\" \"She drove me home. We saidrngood night. And I went into my apartment as she drove away.\" He nodded slowly. \"That's allrnI wanted to know. You can go.\" I went out. The cold rain fallingrncouldn't have chilled me more than Gerd's words. Around the fourteenth of February, I sent a single white rose tornMinerva, to help aide her decision. I think if I had second sight, I might haverndone otherwise. I spent the night of Valentine'srnDay alone, which was no longer so lonely as it had been. I had my memories tornkeep me company, but I couldn't help wondering what Minerva was telling Gerd. Irnpictured them having dinner together in an alcove of a hotel dining room, hernpresenting her with a ring as he popped the question; her telling him no, sherncouldn't, admitting she loved another man. Who? he'd ask. A very good friend of mine, manrnwho's life I saved and who saved my life. No, no, not Morrow, he'd say, desperate.rnNot that smug first-class. Yes, he. But I also saw her smiling, sayingrnyes, letting him slip the ring onto her finger. It didn't surprise me that Gerdrndidn't show up next morning. The kids all had their theories, the most commonrnbeing, \"Wow, Minerva must REEEALLY have a hold on the man!\", butrnquite a few others were contending, \"Man, she must've dumped himrnhard.\" \"Whaddya think, Jerry: sherntook him or she dumped him?\" Bill the gadfly asked me in the locker room. \"I think that's between Gerdrnand Minerva,\" I said, buttoning up my shirt. \"Ohhh, so y' DO like her!rnIdn't she yer shrink?\" \"That's privilegedrninformation,\" I said. \"Guess that's the Brit way ofrntakin' the Fifth.\" \"It's not for you tornknow.\" \"Yeah, riiiiggghhht,\"rnBill grinned, darting away before I could poke him. When Gerd didn't show up for workrnthe next day, we all started to wonder what was going on. I had an appointmentrnwith Minerva that morning, which let us all know where Gerd wasn't . But then late in the afternoon,rnGerd showed up. He avoided me in the hallway and he didn't spot me during onernof my training sessions. However, as I headed out thatrnevening, he suddenly stepped out of his office, his face grim. \"Morrow: in my office.rnNow,\" he ordered, jerking his thumb over his shoulder. I followed him into the office. Hernturned, reached over my shoulder and slammed the door shut. He faced me,rnlooking me in the eye. \"What are you doing?\" herndemanded. \"What am I doing aboutrnwhat?\" I asked. \"You know what I mean: what arernyou doing to Minerva?\" \"I've done nothing to herrnexcept teach her to swim.\" \"You're getting around her,rnaren't you? You're screwing with her head, trying to take her away from me.rnAren't there enough Valid women out there for you?\" \"Minerva once told me shernwasn't sure about marrying you because you wanted to have her kidsrnValidated.\" \"I told her that I'd changedrnmy mind about that, that I'd let our kids be conceived the old-fashioned way.rnBut she still said no. What did you do to her?\" \"I've done nothing tornher.\" He was deadly silent for a second,rnhis eyes blazing. \"I can't fire you. But I suggest that you find yourselfrnanother trainer.\" He opened the door with a coldrnlook that clearly said 'Get out.' I went. One cloud gets lonely in the sky… As I walked to my door later thatrnevening, I heard a car approach behind me, tires screaming. I dove into thernshadows. A small man in black leaned out ofrnthe car window, armed with a small rifle. He aimed in my direction and firedrnthree shots. I hit the ground and rolled out ofrnthe way. I expected to hear bullets hit the wall. Instead, small white dartsrndropped around me. I lay still, pretending I'd been hit, as the car sped away. I sat up and took my handkerchiefrnfrom my pocket. I picked up one of the darts and examined it. It looked likernthe kind of darts used in tranquilizer guns. I laid it down carefully and wentrnin to call the police. \"So did you catch the licensernplate of the car?\" the detective asked me, as the other officers andrninvestigators combed the area for anything else. \"No, it was too dark and Irnwas trying to dodge the shots,\" I said. \"I think it was a late modelrnSaturn, dark blue maybe black. There were two men in it, as far as I couldrntell, one smaller than the driver. \"We'll canvas the area, seernif anyone got a better look at it,\" he said. \"But can you tell me what wasrnin those darts?\" \"It's too soon to tell; we'llrnhave to have a lab analyze them. Right now, they look like standardrntranquilizer darts, the kind veterinarians and forest rangers use. Do you knowrnof anyone who might want to injure you?\" I meant to say no, but I replied,rn\"There is one man, Gerhard Koestelbaum over at the YPCA.\" \"We'll be in touch in case wernget any other leads. For now, if you have a regular routine, you might want tornvary it a little, just so it won't be easy for the suspects to track you.\" \"And make it harder for themrnto try and plug me again.\" \"You got it.\" I ran my laps inside the apartmentrnthe next morning. I walked a more circuitous route to work and went home by yetrnanother route entirely. A few days later, the detective onrnthe case called me back. \"We just got the results onrnthose darts: you should consider yourself very lucky, Mr. Morrow.\" \"Why, what was in them?rnPoison?\" \"It may as well have been: they'rernwhat are known as ladder-smashers. They're full of reprogrammed viruses loadedrnwith faulty gene sequences.\" My blood ran cold at the sound ofrnthat. \"Why kind of genetics?\" \"One line would casernpremature balding, another would cause glaucoma, the third contained thernobesity gene.\" My stomach tightened at that.rn\"What sick son of a b---h would do this?\" \"Someone who obviously hatesrnValids. Of course the symptoms wouldn't show up immediately. But geneticrncontamination is irreversible.\" \"So I really luckedrnout.\" \"Don't think this means yourncan let down your guard. We haven't made any arrests yet.\" \"I heard the news,\"rnMinerva said, a day later after her swimming lesson. \"Have they found outrnwho did it?\" \"No, they've questioned arncouple labs that have been known to produce reprogrammed viruses for researchrnpurposes, but no one's talking yet. So the FBI is supposed to step in to put arnlittle pressure on them,\" I said. \"I know your next appointmentrnisn't for another week, but I think I have an opening on Tuesday afternoon, atrnthree, in case you think you need it.\" \"I certainly could usernit,\" I said. \"Might I ask you a question?\" \"Sure.\" \"Do you know anything aboutrnGerd, why he's acting so strangely of late? He's been extremely cold towardrnme.\" She dropped her gaze to thernsurface of the water. \"The night of St. Valentine's Day, he asked me tornmarry him…I told him it wouldn't work, that it wasn't him. He needs someonernelse.\" \"Is that your onlyrnreason?\" I asked. She gave me that mysterious smilernof hers that meant there was more going on in her head than she cared to say atrnthat moment. \"No. But I can't tell you here.\" I knew better than to press herrnfor more information I found another trainer, a manrnnamed Malloran Whittaker, better known as \"Wit\", who turned out to bernno one less than the gent with the accordion who'd sung with Minerva and herrngang on New Year's Eve. He was a slave driver as a trainer, but he was justrnwhat I needed. Gerd avoided me for the most part,rnor if he had to speak to me, he discharged it in the most perfunctory manner.rnMaybe I'd gone paranoid since the shooting, but I wondered if there was more tornhis iciness than mere coldness. I hadn't seen Eckart in months.rnI'd wondered if someone's husband had shot him, since I hadn't heard anythingrnfrom him, and I doubt he'd given up the racket. Or maybe he'd been picked uprnselling ladders, like German, his mentor, who'd hooked me up with Vincent. I spent the first half of my nextrnsession with Minerva talking about the shooting and the subsequent investigation,rntelling her about the close shave with contamination I'd had. I could tell shernlistened partly as a friend, but mostly as a therapist. \"You're really lucky that yournweren't harmed. Have you heard anything more from the detectives?\" shernasked. \"No, they're supposed torncontact me as soon as they make an arrest. \"But this isn't the onlyrnproblem I've had lately,\" I said, tentatively. I paused, searching for thernright words. \"I'm in love.\" \"Well, good for you! Tell mernabout her.\" \"She's a very smart youngrnwoman, she's beautiful, gifted…and she's an InValid.\" \"And that bothers you?\" \"No, not at all,\" Irnsaid. \"I'm just afraid she won't be interested in me…because I'm arnValid.\" \"If she really seems like thernright woman to pursue a relationship with, there's only one way to find thatrnout. I think you know what that is.\" \"Test the waters.\" \"Yes.\" \"But that's just it: she'srnthat kind of girl who doesn't show her emotions on the surface.\" She licked her lips. \"I thinkrnyou'll know how she feels about you and when she shows it. she just might needrnthe right man to bring her out.\" \"I just hope that I'm thatrnright man for her.\" \"You're afraid of making arnmistake.\" I nodded, too chastened to speak. \"You have nothing to lose byrnasking her. If you don't ask, you won't know.\" \"I'll ask her.\" I wanted to call Minerva that veryrnnight. I kept reaching for the phone, but my hand stopped just before itrntouched the receiver. I tried to avoid the phone by going on the Internet, butrnthat didn't keep my eye form roving back to the phone. It got late. I cursed my nervesrnand went to bed. Maybe things would have gone differently…but maybe not… In the middle of the night,rnsomething crashed through a window somewhere nearby, awakening me from a soundrnsleep. I figured it was next door and started to go back to sleep. But then Irnsmelled something burning. The smoke alarm in the hallway wailed like arnbanshee. I threw back the covers and boltedrnfor the back entrance. I kicked the door open and bolted out into the cold. The other inhabitants of the unitrnhad already evacuated, just as the fire brigade arrived. My weak leg gave outrnand I fell to the ground. Two medics ran up to examine me. \"Are you all right? Do yournfeel pain anywhere?\" one of them asked. \"I'm al right, my leg justrngave out,\" I said, rising. They examined me to be in the safe side.rnAnother crewmember brought a blanket—I was wearing only my shorts. I insistedrnon walking to the shelter of one of the emergency vehicles. A crowd of people from the rest of the complex had gathered at thernedge of the scene, watching, their faces eerily lit by the flickering lightrnfrom the windows, their cries of consternation rising over the roar of thernflames. The crowd parted. Minerva ran up,rna coat thrown on over her bathrobe, and her feet stuffed into her shoes. \"Let me through! I'm arnpsychologist: one of my patients is there!\" she cried. The police whorntried to bar her way let her through. She came to the van where I sat,rnhuddled inside the blanket. I pulled it closer around myself as she came near. \"Jerome, are you allrnright?\" she asked. \"I'm alive, I'mrnunharmed,\" I said. She put her arms around me; Irncouldn't quite tell, but there was more than just a motherly or a friendlyrnconcern there. The Red Cross put the survivors uprnin a motel for the night and gave each of us a change of clothes in case we'drnlost everything to the flames. Next day, Minerva cane around torntake me back to what had been my apartment to see what we could salvage.rnThere'd been no serious structural damage to the building, so the fire marshalrnwas allowing the former inhabitants to salvage whatever belongings they could.rnThey suspected foul play: they'd found a broken glass bottle that might havernbeen a Molotov cocktail. The furniture had been badlyrnscorched and charred. Most of my first editions were unsalvageable. I found therncase that contained my silver medal: the leather on the case was blackened fromrnthe heat, but unscathed. But when I opened the case itself,rnI found the medal itself had melted. I sank down on the cinders thatrnlittered the floor, feeling tears at the corners of my eyes. Minerva came uprnbehind me, looking over my shoulder. \"What's that?\" she asked. \"It…was my silverrnmedal,\" I said. \"Oh, Jerome…I'm so sorry.\" \"The old Jerome would be gladrnto see this,\" I said. \"But he's long gone.\" \"Let it out…let that painrnout.\" I think I cried for a few moments,rnbut I pulled myself together to finish the work. \"So where are you going torngo?\" Minerva asked, as we sat on the kerb beside the few boxes containing myrnthings later that afternoon. \"I'm trying to find anotherrnapartment within walking distance from the Y, but there isn't anything available,\"rnI said. \"Well…I've got a couple roomsrnin my house that I was going to put up for rent,\" she offered. \"How much did you want forrnrenting them?\" \"100 a week.\" \"I can afford that,\" Irnsaid. I moved in that day. She drove myrnfew surviving belongings to her house, an antique wood frame house builtrnsomewhat like a New England saltbox. She told me that an eccentric millionairernfrom Massachusetts had had the house moved cross-country back in the 1970s sornhis wife wouldn't feel too displaced when they left Boston to live here. \"Someone like me couldn'trnpossibly live in a normal house, could she?\" she said, twitting herself. Inside was as comfortably lived inrnas her office, lightly cluttered with books and magazines. She led me upstairsrnto the two empty rooms she had set aside. \"The only trouble is there's onlyrnone bathroom and it's on the ground floor,\" she said. \"I can handle thernstairs,\" I said. \"But we'll berncolliding,\" I said. \"Unless we assign hours.\" \"Good idea: I'm usually up atrnseven.\" \"I'll take the six o'clockrnslot then,\" I said. \"You'll never know I was here.\" \"I imagine I won't,\" shernsaid. \"But I'd better warn you about that bathroom: The latch on the doorrndoesn't work sometimes. And you'd better be careful when you take a bath; ifrnsomeone is running hot water in the kitchen, the hot water cuts out in thernbathroom.\" \"In that case I'll just takerncare not to take a bath when you're doing dishes. \"But there's just one otherrnthing,\" I added. \"What?\" \"What is Gerd going to thinkrnof this?\" \"I don't think herncares.\" Despite Minerva's warning, I wentrnto take a bath after supper, to get the smoke and cinders out of my hair and myrnpores. I let the water run while I went for my robe upstairs. When I came back,rnI shut the bathroom door before I peeled, but I neglected to check to see if thernlatch had engaged. When I stuck my foot into the three or four inches of waterrnin the bath, I let out a roar of shock: it was ice-cold (And mind you, this wasrnmy left foot, the one that's not always awake.). I jumped back and since the latchrnwasn't engaged, the door popped open from my exertions. Naturally Minerva wasrnright there, passing by with some of her laundry. And there I was, as geneticrnengineering had made me. She looked away, blushingrnabsolutely bright pink as she pulled and I pushed the door shut. \"And like the arrogant Validrnthat I am, I ignored your warning about the bathroom,\" I said, coming out later,rnmy robe wrapped close about me. \"It's all right,\" shernsaid. \"Everyone has trouble with it, even I do sometimes and I've livedrnhere since I was qualified.\" Somehow, I could tell from the look in herrneye that she wasn't disappointed with what she'd seen of me, but she was toornmodest to let on. Next day, I called my parents torntell them what had happened. \"So where are you stayingrnnow?\" Mum asked. \"I'm renting a couple of roomsrnfrom a friend of mine.\" \"Do you have anythingrnleft?\" \"I've got a few sticks ofrnfurniture, and the Red Cross provided a few odds and ends \"We'll be over as soon as werncan. I'll make the flight arrangements as soon as I get off.\" \"Mum, no, don't go to thatrntrouble. I just called to tell you I'm all right.\" \"You've had a terrible experience.rnWe'll have to help you replace what you lost.\" \"All things considered, I'mrndoing well.\" We went back and forth like thisrnfor several minutes. In the end, my mother won out. I hung up the phone and leanedrnback in the chair of Minerva's telephone table, kneading my forehead with my knuckles. \"Trouble with yourrnmother?\" Minerva asked. \"Yes,\" I admitted.rn\"They're coming over as soon as they can.\" She patted my shoulder. \"We'llrnmanage.\" Next morning, my parents arrivedrnat Minerva's door after she'd left for work. They insisted on taking me outrnshopping right away. I had to divulge what I'd lost in the fire; my fatherrninsisted on helping me buy a complete new wardrobe, while my mother grilled mernfor the titles of the books I'd lost. My father pelted me withrnquestions: why hadn't I finished my education? Was I ever going to find a wife?rnWas I working? I answered him as best as I could: I was training again for the nextrnOlympics; I was just starting a relationship with a doctor; and I was workingrnas a swimming instructor at the local Y. They took me out to lunch.rnAfterward, we went home, just as Minerva had come back from her office. She met us at the door and let usrnin. My father took one look at her and his face went as cold as a stone inrnwinter. He turned to me. \"So you fell in love withrnyour therapist,\" he said, icy-toned. \"She offered me thernrooms,\" I said. \"I didn't have much to choose from.\" \"Mr. Morrow, you're gravelyrnmistaken,\" she said. \"And now you're cohabitingrnwith this…this DeGenerate?\" my father spluttered. \"I'm only sharing the house,\"rnI said. \"But why this female? Why notrncome home to live with us?\" Mum wheedled. \"We've kept your roomsrnfree.\" \"I'm going to marry thisrnhighly intelligent young woman,\" I said before I knew the words were outrnof my mouth. My father's face went purple.rn\"Very well, have your InValid. But don't expect to see a penny of yourrninheritance,\" he snapped. \"Estelle, come along.\" With that, they went out. I letrnout a sigh of relief, but I turned to Minerva. She'd sunk down on the couch, herrnhead down and her shoulders trembling. I sat down next to her, slipping my handrnbehind her back. \"Here, it's all right now:rnthey're gone,\" I said. \"I know, but the things theyrnsaid about me…I should be used to it by now.\" I stroked her face. \"No,rnnobody could get used to that. Don't listen to them: listen to me.\" She slowly lifted her face tornmine. \"I heard what you said to them…is it true?\" \"I said it to drive them off…butrnI mean it. You mean as much to me as life itself.\" She smiled at me through herrntears. \"You mean as much to me as life itself and the world we livernin.\" \"All the way to Saturn andrnback,\" I countered. \"All the way to the eventrnhorizon of the universe and back.\" I had to have the final word.rn\"All the way to the mind of God…and back down to the DNA in ourrncells.\" \"Do you love me?\" shernasked. \"Yes…you knew already.\" She smiled and nodded, \"ThatrnInValid girl you told me about.\" \"I don't have to tell you, butrnyou'll want to hear it…that was you.\" I had two bracelets made up fromrnthe silver of my medal: one for her, one for me, both engraved with her motto:rn\"There is no gene for the human spirit,\" my first present for myrnfuture wife. I quickly settled into being thernman of the house, checking the locks before we retired for the night—in separaternrooms, Minerva wanted to wait for the ring. The idea irked me at first, but Irnquickly adjusted to it. It was good that I rook up thisrnduty, as I later found out. One night, as I was securing thernfront door, I heard something fumbling with the back door. I ran to the kitchenrnand found the back door opening, a small dark shadow slipping in. I threw on the light and grabbedrnthe intruder by the throat, shoving him up against a wall. \"You little sneak, what arernyou doing?\" I snarled, looking down into Eckart's skull-face, already grinningrnnervously as the sweat broke out in beads on his forehead. \"It was you, wasn't it?\"rnI demanded. \"What was me?\" he asked,rnhis voice gone smooth with innocence. \"You were the one spying onrnme.\" I stomped on his foot, which stopped him from worming out of myrngrasp. \"And you fired that ladder buster at me.\" At this moment, Minerva came intornthe room. She walked out just as quickly. I heard her dialing the phone. \"That her?\" he asked. \"Who?\" \"Your shrink. God, she's arnlooker! She must feel good under you…for an InValid.\" \"None of your damnedrnbusiness,\" I said, icy-voiced. \"I take that as a yes,\"rnhe purred, licking his chops. \"Never had InValid before—\" I squeezed the back of his neck asrnhe tried to break away again. \"I just live here. And I might not be livingrnhere if you hadn't set my flat on fire.\" \"So I helped you get therngirl,\" he said with a grin. \"Isn't that what you wanted, or do yournreally have something for that other InValid?\" \"If you mean Vincent, I onlyrnhave respect and admiration for him.\" Sirens wailed in the nearrndistance, coming closer. Eckart tensed in my grasp and tried to fight me again.rnIn theory, I probably could have crushed him to death, but I did not want to dornthat. \"You sadist!\" Eckartrnsnarled. \"You destroy everything you love. Even me. You loved what I didrnfor you, didn't you? But you never thanked anyone for anything. German, myrnboss, got you a way to give your dreary little life a purpose, and you neverrngave him a word of thanks. I helped you find the love of your life and yourninsult me. You did it, you coward! You used me… the way you use every InValidrnyou meet.\" \"No, Eckart,\" I said,rncalmly, though to be honest the old Jerome wanted to bash his head in.rn\"You used me. You played on my imperfections and you used them to yourrnadvantage. \"Who had you watchingrnme?\" \"A guy named Gerd.\" I was afraid of that. \"Andrnshooting those darts at me, whose idea was that?\" \"Not mine.\" \"Then whose?\" A long pause.rn\"His…Gerd's.\" Now that was a twist on thernjealous rival shooting at the man courting his girl. \"And the Molotovrncocktail through the window?\" He said nothing, just gave me anrnodd smile, and I knew then he'd done that out of pure malice, to finish off thernjob even though Gerd had relinquished it. I released my grip on him. Hernmoved tentatively. I let him go and stepped back. He looked up at me warily. \"What are you doing?\" hernasked. \"Letting you go.\" \"Why?\" \"Because it's the right thingrnto do.\" \"So at the last minute, wernturn into a saint. The cops 'll drag me off and you'll go back to slam-bangingrnthat InValid girl. You love screwing with us, don't you?\" He lunged at me, screeching anrnexpletive and reached for my throat. I could have roundhouse punched the littlernbroken ladder. But I fended him off with a glancing blow on his cheekbone,rnpulling the punch. He fell over backwards, sprawlingrnat my feet. He looked up at me, clutching his face. \"You enjoyed that, you smugrnValid prick,\" he snarled. \"Not as much as you enjoyedrntrying to kill me,\" I said. I stepped across his prone form just as thernpolice appeared on the back steps, two officers, one older than the other.rn\"He's right here, officers.\" I jerked my thumb over my shoulder.rn\"I had to subdue him.\" \"Well, hello, Phil,\" thernsenior officer said with mock joviality as Eckart scrambled to his feet.rn\"Don't tell me: break in and entry.\" \"I was only dropping in tornsee a friend,\" Eckart said. \"You have an interesting MOrnfor dropping in,\" the officer said, as his partner slapped the cuffs onrnEckart. \"Oh, and this isn't the only reason we're taking you downtown: we'vernfound a link between you and some other 'favors' you've done for thisrngentleman.\" They dragged Eckart out into thernnight. I pushed the door shut. My gimpy leg started wobbling, and I had to sitrndown on one of the kitchen chairs. Minerva came in, clad in herrnbathrobe. \"Are you all right?\" she asked. \"Yes,\" I said. \"Irnjust purged myself of my worst demon…after the old Jerome, of course.\" \"Eckart?\" \"He picked the lock. He can'trnbother us any more.\" \"Now you can start a newrnlife,\" she said, putting her arms about me, consolingly. I drew her to me. And start a new life I have… Now she lies asleep next to mernwhile I finish jotting this, her slender form curled contentedly against me.rnShe sighs softly in her sleep and I wonder if she dreams. To give it the nineteenth centuryrnexplanation: Dear reader, I married her. The critics said it wouldn't last.rnThey said I'd go looking for a woman of my own class within six months. Well,rnsix months have passed, and we are still very much together. We had to find arnpriest who would marry us without a license, but we're married in the eyes ofrnGod even if society frowns upon our marriage. Damn mankind's stupid laws! Damnrnhis quest for the wrong kinds of perfection. Look at what it did to me! She was flesh of my flesh, nervernof my nerves for two years. Now where there were two of us of very differentrnclasses, we are one in heart, one in soul, one in spirit. I'd even say one inrnmind, I swear she knows what I'm thinking. She was perfect where I wasrnimperfect, and this has perfected me. We had a simple wedding on thernbeach where Minerva and I had had our first unofficial date. Cheryl prepared arnclambake for Minerva's gang of friends, who'd quickly become mine as well. We toldrneveryone we'd be spending the wedding night at the Ritz-Carlton in town. Butrnafter dark, Minerva and I snuck back to the beach. By the light of the fullrnmoon, and with Saturn rising in the east, we swam together in the calm watersrnof the lagoon. Later, we made love for the very first time, at the water line,rnthe soft waves washing over and around us. I wonder if Adam and Eve had it sornwell on the first honeymoon the world ever saw. I'd been a little concernedrnthat I might not be able to do my best for Minerva, but I surprised us both. Wernslept on the sand dune on a bed of sweet-salt smelling grasses, Minerva nestledrnagainst my heart; but I woke to find I'd let her go in the night. This botheredrnme at first, especially because I had turned over on my stomach, away from her.rnBut I found she'd pillowed her head on the middle of my back, her hand underrnher cheek, covering my surgical scar… She turns to me and opens herrneyes, then looks at the notebook I'm jotting in. \"Whatcha got there?\"rnshe asks. \"Just my journal,\" Irnsay. \"Jotting down a few things for Vincent.\" \"When's he coming back?\"rnshe asks. \"Seven more months fromrnnow.\" She takes my hand in hers.rn\"Right about the same time our son will arrive.\" The notebook drops from my hand. Irnturn to her. \"Our…son? Are you sure?\" She nods. \"There's a way tornfind out even this early. I'd like to name him Vincent.\" \"Eugene Vincent,\" Irncorrect her. I reach out and cover her belly with my free hand. Perfection, imperfection; male,rnfemale…I refuse to put my children through the living hell their grandfatherrnput me through. We may have to hide our offspring under the bed or in therncloset…but maybe, like Moses, our son will bring freedom to his kind. ThernEnd… Afterword: A sequel to this is in the works,rnwhich looks like it's going to be from Vincent/Jerome's POV, so keep an eye onrnthis category! Literary Easter Eggs: Christmas songs—with the exceptionrnof \"The Zither Carol\", I heard all these songs on the localrn\"Golden Oldies\" station at Christmas. Jerome's trouble with the bathtubrnand door—Art imitates life: I had the cold water craziness happen to me as Irnwas drafting this chapter, but I had no trouble with indecent latches.","Summary":" +J.M.J.+ Flesh of My Flesh By \"Matrix Refugee\" Author's Note: I'm better known for my \"A.I.\" fa","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Angst - Chapters: 5   - Words: 31,331 - Reviews: 22 - Favs: 19 - Follows: 4 - Updated: 1 29 2003 - Published: 11 19 2002 - Status: Complete - id: 1074230 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Behind the Mask","Author":"Citywriter84","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11358877","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Terrible Secret \"Punch Carly?\" asked Alison. \"No thanks, I'm going to stay sober for now,\" said Carly. Alison shrugged and poured herself some purple punch. They were at a house party and Carly wanted to work up the courage to tell Jack something. Something about her crush on him. Outside the moon shone bright, casting everything in a ghostly light. But inside the electric lights were on and the party was quite a sedate affair. \"I'll be going upstairs shortly,\" said Jack from across the room. Carly realised that she could probably catch him alone if she hurried upstairs first. She hastened up the stairs, towards the bathroom door. She wanted to reapply her makeup. She had brought her handbag with her. She knew she overpacked wherever she went. It was like a nervous habit. She gazed in the mirror and brushed aside her long, thick brown hair. Her reflection gazed back with bright brown eyes. Her mascara needed touching up. She rummaged through her handbag and found a roughly carved wooden mask that she had found in the river the previous day. She really didn't need to be carting that around! She took it out. It was quite plain and unadorned. The cheeks of its carved faced seemed to bulge somewhat. She wondered who it could fit. She lifted it up to the light. Was it her imagination or did the inside of the mask appear to shimmer with eerie lights? She lifted it to her face. As soon as it touched her she felt a terrible jolt through her entire body, like a powerful electric shock. The mask was clinging to her face, burning her. She tried to grab at it, but it clung on tightly and tendrils of wood sprouted out from it, encasing her whole head and tangling in her unruly hair. And then it squeezed hard on her skull. So hard she thought her brain would burst. She collapsed to the floor, her eyes tight shut, agony overwhelming. And then there was another flash. She felt different. Power coursed through her. The pain was gone. She felt strong. The colours of the bathroom towels and mats now seemed brighter and more vibrant. The myriad scents and smells of the bathroom were now much more intense. She touched the woollen rug. Sensations coursed through her. Her fingers were so much more sensitive. Nothing could phase her now. She was on her feet. She glanced at the mirror. She was not even shocked to see the apparition in the mirror – herself, but bright green and completely bald, with lips of a darker green, almost black. She touched her cheek. Her face was very smooth to the touch and her own touch felt exquisite. She glanced at reflection again. So different and yet her breasts were no bigger. As if in obedience to her thoughts, her breasts expanded, her bra straining to contain them. Well she needed to wear something more stylish. Suddenly her clothes became tight fitting black leather. She suddenly remembered something. Jack would be coming upstairs. Well now she knew what to do. Swift as lightning, she streaked down the passageway. Jack was just emerging from the stairwell and turning into one of the rooms. She darted in after him and shut the door, willing it to seal itself. Jack turned and gasped. His beautiful freckled face was startled. She knew she was unrecognisable. She glided up to him, swift as thought. \"Hey hot stuff,\" she said and her voice was low and husky. She reached up to stroke his lustrous auburn hair, but he took a step back. \"Who… what are you?\" he stammered. \"Don't you know?\" She pounced on him, bowling him over onto a sofa and brought her freakishly altered face close to his sweet, normal one. \"Ready to make sparks fly?\" she breathed. \"No! Let me up,\" he said, plainly terrified. He struggled, but she kept him pinned down, amazed by her own strength. She put a hand over his mouth. \"Ssh, just relax,\" she whispered huskily. The next morning it was Sunday. It was still early morning at Carly's house. Her mum and stepdad, Pam and Guy, were sitting at the kitchen table. \"Where is Carly? She didn't come back last night,\" said Pam, \"she's in trouble when she gets back.\" \"Ah now, she's probably in her room like a good girl,\" said Guy soothingly. \"You know full well she hasn't been back,\" snapped Pam. \"There you go, always flying off the handle,\" said Guy. At that moment the front door slammed. \"Carly!\" yelled Pam, \"where've you been?\" \"In my room, mum,\" Carly called back. But her tone was sarcastic and her voice was trembling. \"You get in here!\" called Pam. \"Aw, you heard, she's been in her room,\" said Guy. \"Rubbish!\" snapped Pam. Then she called, \"come in here this instant young lady, or else.\" There was the sound of footsteps and then Carly pushed open the kitchen door. She looked a mess. Her thick, unruly hair was messier than ever and her mascara had run down her cheeks. She had been crying. \"Listen, last night was absolutely crazy and I think I did something terrible, so don't start on me, mum,\" said Carly, her voice trembling. \"There, she's under the weather, let her go to her room,\" said Guy. \"Cut that out, Guy,\" said Pam. In a softer voice she addressed Carly again. \"Dear, if you're really under the weather, you must talk about it.\" Carly sat down. She sniffed. Her bottom lip was trembling. \"I'm an awful person,\" she said abruptly, her voice choked. \"No, you're true blue,\" said Guy. \"What happened Carly, what did you do?\" pressed Pam. \"Couldn't have been bad,\" said Guy. \"Quiet Guy, don't minimise it,\" said Pam. \"What did you do, Carly?\" \"I – I think I raped a boy!\" said Carly, her voice rising hysterically.[Chapter 2] Discussions There was a pause. \"You raped a boy?\" said Pam slowly. \"Well that's impossible,\" said Guy confidently. \"I – I think I did it,\" said Carly, her voice trembling, pushing her bushy hair away from her face. \"You think you did it,\" said Pam. Carly nodded, her brown eyes wide. \"And how did you so that,\" said Pam steadily, gazing at her daughter. \"I – I held him down and I forced him… this is really weird. And it's really hard to explain…\" said Carly, rubbing her temples in frustration. \"It's so strange!\" \"I'd say,\" said Guy, \"is this guy smaller than you, Carly?\" \"No, he isn't,\" said Carly, shaking her bushy head, \"but I forced him. Um… it would sound incredible though…\" \"Well you can't have done it if he were unwilling,\" said Guy. \"I did,\" said Carly in a dull voice, staring at the wall. \"You sure about this? This isn't a prank?\" said Pam. Carly sniffed and nodded. \"Well go upstairs and get some rest sweetie,\" said Pam, \"we've got to talk about this,\" she said meaningfully to Guy. Carly made for the door, but then turned. \"I don't know what to do, mum,\" she said with a helpless shrug, her expression miserable. \"Try to get some rest, sweetie,\" said Pam. When Carly had gone she turned to Guy. \"Well what are we going to do?\" \"Do?\" said Guy, \"you didn't believe that, did you? Girls can't rape. You can't rape the willing. And a nice girl like Carly? Do you buy it?\" \"She confessed it. She wasn't messing with us. She thinks that she has,\" said Pam, \"can a girl even do that? You know, legally?\" \"Not in this country,\" said Guy comfortably, \"besides, she will probably be over this in no time.\" Carly sat on her bed, feeling as though she wanted to scream and scream. She felt really trapped in her own body. She glanced upwards at the huge clown doll she kept propped up in the room. It was actually a silicone sex doll, large as life, with the right parts that she could have sex with, but no one would know just by glancing at it. The gaudy silks of the clown costume obscured it. She supposed that in secret she was certainly no innocent five year old, but she never wanted to hurt anyone she loved. Still in a state of great anguish, she knew she had to get someone she could actually talk to about this, or she would burst. She sent an urgent message to her friend Sally. Sally was certainly open minded and few things seemed to phase her. She went over in her head what she should say. Even with Sally, she would have to be careful. Sally arrived twenty minutes later. She had her pink baseball cap on, backwards this time. \"What's the deal, Carly?\" she said, pushing her chestnut hair away from her face as she sat down beside Carly on the bed. \"What would you think if I did something really bad and it was too weird to believe?\" said Carly cautiously. \"Something that made no sense?\" said Sally, \"well it's OK to talk about things that make no sense.\" \"Well here it is,\" said Carly, \"last night I was at the house party and was working up my courage to talk to Jack about my crush on him…\" she flushed, but admitting to the crush now seemed insignificant compared to how the rest of the story went. \"I didn't feel very confident, but then I put on this wooden mask I had found and it turned me into some freaky, green nympho monster and I cornered Jack and raped him. At dawn I think I left, but it's hard to remember exactly. I – I'm sure he didn't even recognise me. The mask suddenly enveloped my whole head and turned green when I put it on.\" \"You're saying you're like a rapist Cinderella or something?\" said Sally raising her eyebrows, \"you're right, that doesn't make any sense at all.\" \"No, but it's serious, I did something terrible,\" said Carly, feeling fresh tears welling up in her eyes. Sally narrowed her blue eyes, \"so you dressed up in a Halloween costume to frighten Jack?\" she said. \"It wasn't just a Halloween costume and I didn't just frighten him I held him down and forced him to have sex with me, I've already explained,\" said Carly, feeling hysteria welling up inside her and fighting to keep her voice calm. \"You forced him?\" said Sally. \"If it were a man holding him down and having sex with him against his will, that would be rape,\" said Carly. She was beginning to wonder whether this was entirely pointless and no one would ever take her seriously. \"It was definitely no Cinderella story.\" \"The real story of Cinderella was not the Disney or the ladybird version,\" said Sally, \"it was in fact really strange and scary in places. The ugly step sisters did things like amputate their toes so that they could fit the glass slipper.\" \"That's nasty, but this is nastier,\" said Carly unimpressed. \"I take it you don't believe me either?\" \"Tell you what,\" said Sally, a thoughtful look in her blue eyes, \"the logical thing is to ask Jack what he thought about the encounter.\" Author's Note: Is that a good idea? What would happen if they ask him?[Chapter 3] Revelations Sally looked at her friend intently. Carly looked so solemn, no hint of a smile or laughter in her brown eyes. \"What mask did you wear?\" Carly reached under her bed and pulled out a wooden mask. It looked quite plain and unadorned. Just a roughly carved wooden face mask with bulging cheeks and an iron nose plate. \"Wait, you said it was green?\" \"It turned green when I wore it last night. But at dawn it changed back to wood and fell off then I felt really sick and tired …\" \"Wait, so he saw you with no mask?\" \"No, I went into the bathroom when I began to grow weak. That entire night I had had so much energy… then the mask just slipped off when I went to the bathroom.\" Carly grimaced and shook her head, her bushy brown hair bouncing. \"I made the poor lad go at it all night. He must have been exhausted – and terrified. He kept begging that we stop, but I wouldn't listen…\" Carly's bottom lip quivered and there were tears in her eyes. If this was indeed a prank of some sort, then she was playing it to the hilt. Was it possible? Was it barely possible? \"I could ask him, but how to say it… I'll think of something. If he didn't recognise you I need not use your name yet.\" Carly sniffed and nodded. \"I can't face him again. I can't ever face him again.\" 00O00 It was just as well that Sally was familiar with Jack, so much so that it was normal for her to climb in his window. She had done it often, but this time he gave a start as she clambered in, his green eyes wide. Sally laid a hand on his arm. \"Hey, it's alright, it's just me.\" \"Sally! You gave me a fright.\" \"If you need to tell me anything, I'll listen. I know more than you think.\" He blinked at that. \"I'd always understand you. If anything happened last night…\" \"I don't want to talk about it.\" So something had definitely happened. Sally's suspicions were becoming something like certainty. \"Did a crazy lady with a big green mask assault you last night,\" she said steadily, gazing into his green eyes. \"You must tell me the truth.\" \"I – I … how did you know…\" \"I find things out, Jack. First tell me what your feelings are. That is important.\" He stared dead ahead, his eyes blank. Sally knew the medical term to be flat effect. \"I tried, but couldn't fight her off. She was impossibly strong and made me … do it with her. I feel churned up inside.\" Sally put an arm round his shoulder. \"Naturally.\" \"It's worse because I wanted to wait until marriage. And with that awful mask I don't know who she is. I could actually be a father now without knowing it.\" Sally inhaled sharply. \"Oh my, yes, that is something that is impossible in male on male cases – becoming a father from it. And without even knowing.\" Sally hesitated for an instant, but Carly had not forbade her from repeating anything and it was important that Jack knew for his peace of mind. What if he became a father from this? \"I know who she is, but this is strange. She said she wasn't herself, but it's hard to understand.\" \"She wasn't human. There was some devilment.\" \"I wonder … could the mask have been magic.\" Sally shook her head. \"It was Carly. She confessed it.\" Jack gave a start. \"Carly? She would never.\" \"I know, I know, but I'm starting to believe her mask is magic. That it made her into an unstoppable personification of her Freudian Id and that she wasn't herself. After all this, is that part so much harder to believe?\" \"Believable or not, I did want to wait until marriage. It was important.\" Jack's voice sounded strained. \"Well you don't have to marry her. Certainly not. I always thought it nasty, that idea that rape victims have to marry their rapist over that dogmatic no sex 'til marriage rule.\" Sally suddenly had a new idea. \"And it doesn't count if you are unwilling. The rule should be no lovemaking until marriage. Rape is not lovemaking.\" She gazed upon his freckled face. How was he going to take this? What would he want to do?","LastChapter":"Revelations Sally looked at her friend intently. Carly looked so solemn, no hint of a smile or laughter in her brown eyes. \"What mask did you wear?\" Carly reached under her bed and pulled out a wooden mask. It looked quite plain and unadorned. Just a roughly carved wooden face mask with bulging cheeks and an iron nose plate. \"Wait, you said it was green?\" \"It turned green when I wore it last night. But at dawn it changed back to wood and fell off then I felt really sick and tired …\" \"Wait, so he saw you with no mask?\" \"No, I went into the bathroom when I began to grow weak. That entire night I had had so much energy… then the mask just slipped off when I went to the bathroom.\" Carly grimaced and shook her head, her bushy brown hair bouncing. \"I made the poor lad go at it all night. He must have been exhausted – and terrified. He kept begging that we stop, but I wouldn't listen…\" Carly's bottom lip quivered and there were tears in her eyes. If this was indeed a prank of some sort, then she was playing it to the hilt. Was it possible? Was it barely possible? \"I could ask him, but how to say it… I'll think of something. If he didn't recognise you I need not use your name yet.\" Carly sniffed and nodded. \"I can't face him again. I can't ever face him again.\" 00O00 It was just as well that Sally was familiar with Jack, so much so that it was normal for her to climb in his window. She had done it often, but this time he gave a start as she clambered in, his green eyes wide. Sally laid a hand on his arm. \"Hey, it's alright, it's just me.\" \"Sally! You gave me a fright.\" \"If you need to tell me anything, I'll listen. I know more than you think.\" He blinked at that. \"I'd always understand you. If anything happened last night…\" \"I don't want to talk about it.\" So something had definitely happened. Sally's suspicions were becoming something like certainty. \"Did a crazy lady with a big green mask assault you last night,\" she said steadily, gazing into his green eyes. \"You must tell me the truth.\" \"I – I … how did you know…\" \"I find things out, Jack. First tell me what your feelings are. That is important.\" He stared dead ahead, his eyes blank. Sally knew the medical term to be flat effect. \"I tried, but couldn't fight her off. She was impossibly strong and made me … do it with her. I feel churned up inside.\" Sally put an arm round his shoulder. \"Naturally.\" \"It's worse because I wanted to wait until marriage. And with that awful mask I don't know who she is. I could actually be a father now without knowing it.\" Sally inhaled sharply. \"Oh my, yes, that is something that is impossible in male on male cases – becoming a father from it. And without even knowing.\" Sally hesitated for an instant, but Carly had not forbade her from repeating anything and it was important that Jack knew for his peace of mind. What if he became a father from this? \"I know who she is, but this is strange. She said she wasn't herself, but it's hard to understand.\" \"She wasn't human. There was some devilment.\" \"I wonder … could the mask have been magic.\" Sally shook her head. \"It was Carly. She confessed it.\" Jack gave a start. \"Carly? She would never.\" \"I know, I know, but I'm starting to believe her mask is magic. That it made her into an unstoppable personification of her Freudian Id and that she wasn't herself. After all this, is that part so much harder to believe?\" \"Believable or not, I did want to wait until marriage. It was important.\" Jack's voice sounded strained. \"Well you don't have to marry her. Certainly not. I always thought it nasty, that idea that rape victims have to marry their rapist over that dogmatic no sex 'til marriage rule.\" Sally suddenly had a new idea. \"And it doesn't count if you are unwilling. The rule should be no lovemaking until marriage. Rape is not lovemaking.\" She gazed upon his freckled face. How was he going to take this? What would he want to do?","Summary":" A Terrible Secret \"Punch Carly?\" asked Alison. \"No thanks, I'm going to stay sober for now,\" sa","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Angst Drama -  OC - Chapters: 3   - Words: 2,687 - Reviews: 7 - Favs: 2 - Follows: 2 - Updated: 3 13 2017 - Published: 7 4 2015 - id: 11358877 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"The Mask","Author":"TicciBunny1994","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12868169","Passage":"[Chapter 1] BEEP BEEP BEEP The electric alarm clock beeped, it read 07:25 am. A hand covered by the blankets, hits the snooze button and turns over as the male figure sat up and rubbed his eyes. He was an average bit, a few muscles in his arms and somewhat in his abdomen, his dark brown hair was shaggy, his cheek was a bit fuzzy like indicating it needed a shave, and his honeydew eyes stared at his reflection across from his bed. He needed to get up, shower and shave, eat something, and get dressed to head to work. His legs pushed under the blankets, feeling the cold wooden floor underneath as the man stood up and stretched. Stanely hated Monday, especially since he barely get's any sleep from all of the night classes he has been taking. He really didn't want to be a banker anymore, he wanted to be a lawyer, or at least a lawyer assistant. He walked over to the bathroom, stepping into the walk-in shower and turning the hot water on. Since he lived by himself, he usually slept naked to reserve more clothes. He walked under the steaming water, letting the water stream over his pale like body and to clean the dirt and grime off. His hand reached for the bar of soap, proceeding to wash his body starting from his soft cock. He pulled backed the foreskin with one hand while rubbing his other hand on the soap bar till lathering it on the penis. He started to massage it, getting it cleaned before his mind wanders to the girl of his dreams; Tina Carlyle. God, he wanted her to be his for so long. She was a petite, curvy, blonde hair bombshell with lips that could make a man burned. He could feel his cock, starting to harden and stretch as his imagination took him with her on her pretty, lovely knees sucking his cock and deepthroating him. Stanely hated having a big cock, it was nearly ten inches with a good thickness in the girth. His wet daydream, became a nightmare as Tina bit the cock off to which he stopped stroking his cock. Damn it, he thought to know that didn't help. He groaned, hitting his forehead and try to hurry up to get cleaned. He got out of the shower, ten minutes later and quickly shaved his hairy chin, and jaw. Now, he needed to get dress and eat something before leaving. As he got out of the bathroom he saw his dog Milo; a very spiteful Jack Terrier dog he found wandering the streets which he was a little puppy. Stanely loved Milo, a man's best friend indeed since Milo helped him with his break up with his ex-girlfriend Peggy. Ugh, that woman was a disaster. They have been together for nearly four years, and Stanely was going to pop the question till he found out by Charlie that she was cheating on him, and getting her journalist career skyrocketed to the top by sleeping with the boss. It's been, maybe eight years since the breakup though he has wonder why she would give him up. He was, well a nice guy. He was a big romantic, very nerdy and loved video games, a big ole sweetheart, and a dreamer. But, he didn't want to be weak though. Four years ago, he started to go to the gym and then learned to know the BDSM world. Shockingly, it was more difficult for him since some of his teacher who was Master at dominating laughed at him and called him a Beta. He walked over to the closet, his hand reaches for his dress pants, remembering the day's when he bought handcuffs, leashes, collars, and other things to use for a potential submissive, but, were now in a storage box under his other belongings. Plus, wooing a girl wasn't easy with night school and his daytime job. He grabbed a nice button up of the rack in the closet, and quickly put it on. He was going to have to hurry, to not be late for work. Putting the rest of his clothes on, and finding his nice dress shoe's he grabbed two pop tarts, and the leftovers from last night to be placed in his lunch bag. Stanely grabbed two, one bottle liters of coke and place them in the lunch bag and grabs his car keys. He snatches the wallet off the counter, running to the door and opening it before seeing his landlord or more like landlady. \"Ipkiss, good morning. I see you are in a hurry, to get to work.\" She spoke, fanning herself with the fluffy fan. \"Ms. Peenman, good morning too you as well.\" Stanley spoke, \"Is there something you need?\" \"Yes, Mr. Ipkiss your rent money. But, seeing you're probably going to run late I'll wait until later tonight.\" Ms. Peenman turned around, before seeing Ipkiss take his wallet out. \"Ms. Peenman, you do know I always have my rent money ready for you.\" He quickly handed her four, hundred dollar bills that were secured by a paper clip. \"Thank you Ipkiss, oh and one thing the carpet people are coming in to place my new carpet in. So, I advise you be careful to try and not get it wet.\" Ms. Peenman scoff, giving Stanley the look. As she walked off, Stanley locked the top lock and the doorknob before turning on his heel and proceeded to take the stairs down to the lobby. He literally hated living in his apartment, though it was a nice apartment and near his job, he couldn't complain. Though, he wished the rent was a bit less. His legs carried him down the stairs, and out to the lobby before exiting the building to the dew morning of October. He wasn't planning to do anything for Halloween, which was coming up next week and he was probably going to hang out in the apartment watching horror flicks. He ran to his car in the nearby parking lot, unlocking the door and getting in to start the ignition. His car roar to life, as he went in reverse and backed out of the car before turning it to drive to get it out of the parking lot and to the road. His eyes focused on the road, making sure to slow down or stop in case of stoplights or bad drivers. Edge city, yeah like he was probably going to be on the edge if he got hit. Passing by the coffee shops, farmer's market, gyms, little clothing stores, and brand name food places he pulled into the bank employee parking lot and parked next to Charlie car. Charlie, himself was standing against the wall smoking a cigarette. Stanley put the car in park, turning the car off and getting out of it. \"Stanley, you still have like twenty minutes till the bank opens.\" Charlie snickered. \"Yeah well, I didn't want the manager to get angry at me.\" Stanley referred to the new bank manager who happened to be the owner of the bank spoiled son. Charlie snickered, \"So, the Coco Bongo club is having a special Halloween event that our beloved Christine is going to do. And, I hear Tina is going to probably perform.\" Stanley rolled his eyes, till Charlie showed him the flyer showing Tina on the page and other things. \"Wait, their selling ticket's to this event?\" \"Yup, ever since Dorian dad Niko got ahold of that club the events are ticket based and people haven't been to the Coco Bongo club because they fear Niko is a crime boss.\" Charlie conspiracy theorist voice came out, hinting at what believed to be a possible truth. Stanley's eyes stared at the picture of Tina, knowing the memories of her when he met her so many years ago. A bell rang, as a young heavy woman wearing a gray blouse, black skirt that went to the knee's, black stockings, and boots with her reddish brown hair in a braid answers the door. Opening it, the thin tall blonde woman known as Tina walks in holding her head as she walks in. Sunglass shield her eyes, her walk was a bit stiff in the flat she wore and her dress which was a bit tight made the walk worse. \"Christine, be a dear and give me some water and painkillers.\" Tina snotty voice spoke, waving Christine off to do her bidding. Christine walked out of the room, heading to the bar as it was the early afternoon and it was being cleaned up. She signaled the barkeeper, as he poured some ice in a cup and spritz some water in it as she walked behind the bar to look for the pain meds. Finding the red bottle, she took two of the pills out and stood up before closing the pain med bottle and grabbing the cup of ice water. Christine hated working for Tina, the nightclub slash grill was once a proud establishment that had a lot of money rolling in. But, that was three years ago when Niko Tyrell took over the club and now it barely made money. They had security, in case of a fight which now they had them to throw some people out who didn't deserve to be there. The nightclub original owner would allow local musicians, hell even well-known musicians or comedian stars perform there. Now, it was Tina, an orchestra, and a DJ mixer. The most beloved club, was more of the rich than of all classes. She walked backed to the backstage area, towards where Tina sat as she ate what appeared to be a sandwich which the star servant brought her. Her hand placed the water and pills on the table. \"Took you long enough, any slower I would have thrown a fit.\" Tina groggy voice came out, with a hint of disgust in her voice. Tina grabbed the pill and water, \"Is there any-\" Christine, was about to finish her sentence. \"No, go on and do whatever the hell you do around here. Out of my sight.\" Tina waved her away, popping the pills in her mouth and gulping the water down her throat. Christine turned around, leaving the backstage area and back to the front of the bar near the employee's locker room. She went inside, seeing some of the band members and the DJ mixer having a pissed off look on there face. Two nights ago, Dorian announced that the band and DJ will have to prepare some new music for the Halloween even there hosting. And, that meant to find a song for Tina to sing too. The thought made Christine's spine crawled, Tina wasn't at all a good singer. Everyone she worked with, even agree with it. If the original owner didn't sell the club, Christine would probably be singing on the stage. Despite her looks, she was a talented singer. Her blue eyes caught her reflection, as her locker opened up. In the locker, was a picture of her graduating high school and college, on the door held by a magnet was a picture of her, Charlie, and Stanley. Her heart raced, seeing Stanley in the picture. She always had deep feelings for Ipkiss, to the point she wished that he looked at her the way he stared at Tina during High school. Her eyes wander down, staring at the hidden costume covered in two different bags and had her make up mini bags on the shelf of her locker. This Halloween, she wanted to go as Jessica Rabbit and give anything to sing her song on stage. But, Dorian would probably fire her. Dorian hated her, and the other employee's except his workers. \"Hey, boo lost in space?\" The gay voice of the assistant manager David, brought her back to the waking world. She turned her head, \"Oh hey David, nothing it's just about Halloween.\" David patted her back, \"Boo, I wish Dorian let you sing on stage just this once. You would be a better act on stage, than the prima donna.\" Christine tried to shush him, \"Dorian is going to chop your balls if he heard you.\" David smiled, boasting out as he sang \"Prima donna enhance us, once again!\" He laughed, liking that Broadway song too much. \"More like, give us someone to enchant everyone.\" Christine grabbed her jacket, off the hook and her purse. \"I wish I could sing, just this once since I have the perfect costume for it.\" \"Oh really, who boo? Better not be a Disney princess.\" David giggled, as he watched Christine unzipped the black bag and the second being cleared noticed the red dress dazzled in sparkle. \"Jessica Rabbit, but, uh Christine she has bright red almost dark red hair. You have brown in yours, how are you going to get rid of that?\" She zipped the bag up, \"I'm going to get my hair fixed today, were dying it a dark red and it's going to be layered so I can do her hairstyle.\" David's face had a stunned look, watching as she closed the locker door and put her jacket on. \"Well, hopefully, they'll allow the workers to dress up cause I bet you'll get Ipkiss attention.\" Christine looked at David, \"He's more interested in Tina than me.\" She grabbed her purse, patting David arm as she walked out of the employee room and out of the club passing by the board showing the upcoming events. Her hands pushed the double wooden doors, greeting the warm glow of the sun as it tries to warm up the city. She watches as the pedestrians cross the street being wary as she walked to the nearby parking garage across the street. As she got to a stoplight, her hand presses the crosslight button and waits for it to let her walk. She reached into her purse, grabbing her phone to turn it on as the walk sign turned to say 'Walk'. She quickly ran, since it was a big intersection. When she made it on the other side, she looked out to see a familiar limo pull up and two men getting out of the car. When the limo drove off, the two men looked around noticing it was the boss of the club Niko and his son Dorian. Obviously, they would arrive in a limo since they were somewhat rich. She kept walking to the parking garage, heading towards her black Chevy car and getting it unlock with the press of a button on the key. Now, she needed to go to the hair salon and then get some sleep since it was her day off.[Chapter 2] After his shift ended, Stanley sat in his car and breathed a sigh of relief as he loosens the gray tie around his collar. Now, that was over with he needed to get to a store that sold Halloween related items. And maybe, swing by the Coco Bongo to see if Christine is working or not. He first met Christine, in seventh grade when she was the new girl in school. She was a rather sweet girl, a bit of on the heavy side, and was passionate about music and arts. Hell, she saved him from getting his ass kicked by some dude that was picking on him. Maybe, she has a free ticket to the event he thought. Though, then again maybe Dorian and Niko won't give free tickets. He turned the car ignition on, with a twist of his wrist as the car started up. He packed out of the empty parking lot, exiting it as he turned left and went straight till he turned on Melerian Street, to the right and saw a sign in neon colors 'Tiki and more curiosity' with the open sign light still blinking. Something told him, deep in his subconscious to pull over and park the car. So, that what's he did. He pulled the car over, parallel parking the street and reaching for some quarters in his money pouch he had in the car. Unbuckling his seat belt, he opened the driver door a tiny bit just to make sure in the door mirror reflection that no one was coming. Opening it up, he pulled his legs away from the brake and gas pedal and turned the car off. Taking the key out of the ignition, he went and stood up then closed the driver door before locking it. His leg's carried him towards the store door, opening it and being greeted with Hawaiian music, and what smelled like pineapples. He saw the display of shelves, filled with tiki totems both small and medium among the other things. A sound, of what appeared to be a bell dinged as a heavy, tall, very tan man with jet black hair placed in a braid and had a facial tattoo came out. \"Aloha, welcome to Tiki and more curiosity. I'm Mauha, my family runs this store slash museum. Can, I help you with anything?\" Mauha spoke, holding what appeared to be a bowl with something. Stanley walked up to the register stand, \"I was wondering if you guys have something for Halloween related. And, a few people told me that this place is uh definitely interesting.\" Mauha laughs, placing the bowl as it turned out to be an upside down pineapple cake with vanilla ice cream. \"Ah, yes this store is very interesting and a bit haunted. As for the Halloween thing, we don't have much to be fair. We ran out of Maui related stuff, ever since Disney released Moana big guys keep coming into the store to grab and pay for something that would pass there costume off as Maui related.\" Stanley sighed, great now what. Wait, did he said this place was haunted? \"What do you mean, by haunted?\" Mauha grabbed the bowl, placing it on the registers one a shelf as he squats down to reach something. \"Heard, of that incident two week's ago? A team of scuba divers was doing some research work, and two of them got killed when a log fell on them in the water.\" Stanley saw that on the TV, that was a big disaster for that group that was doing an investigation on a certain water area that might have had something to do with Vikings maybe. \"Yeah, their results weren't good and concluded that the so-called Viking ship that may have been from the actual time period of the Vikings turned out to be a missing prop from like an uh movie that never made it on the screen back in the old days.\" Mauha stood up, after closing whatever it was that was behind the register. \"Yeah, well in this box,\" He lifted a black and silver box with a symbol of what may be used to ward off evil, it even looked like it was recently drawn \"three day's after that incident an old man came in, dropped this weird looking mask said he found it on a floating barge of garbage and wanted money for it. I gave him money, and not even a day later I came to open the store and I swore I heard whispers. Evil, chanting.\" \"Is that why there is a warding symbol on it?\" Stanley point to the symbol. \"Ah yes, friend, you a smart man. But, yes ever since then I try to keep this mask in there which hasn't helped. Though, some reason I have this feeling that you might want it.\" Mauha stared at him, before opening the box to reveal the mask; it was a facial mask with a wood that had turned green over the years and what appeared to be a bronze nosepiece and other things around the mask. Somehow, Stanley couldn't keep his eyes off of it. It was like it was calling to him, which was rather unusual. He then watched as the man closed the box, \"It's a lovely mask, but, I am unsure if you want to sell it.\" Mauha laughed, it was a hearty laugh as he opened up the register. \"Listen, mister, I will sell you the mask at whatever price. Let's see as memory served me I bought the mask for like twenty-five dollars.\" Stanley fumbled for his wallet, grabbing it out and opening it up to pull a fifty dollar bill. \"Here, I think this should be enough.\" Mauha did his usual transaction, it comes to at least thirty-eight dollars and twenty cents. \"Your change is eleven dollars and eighty cents. Take the box, it comes with it. Just uh, if you can find a like museum person that specializes in uh these types of mask or something let me know okay. Have a lovely night, Aloha.\" Stanley took the money and placed it in his wallet, then reached to grab the box as it can feel how lightweight it is. He exited the shop, passing a drumming tiki that looked like it belongs to the Tiki room in the Disney parks. He went to reach his car keys, unlocking the door and going around and checking to make sure he was cleared to get in. He placed the black and silver box on the passenger seat, sliding himself into the driver seat and closing the door. Okay, now what was he going to do? Niko Tyrell, a named that is feared in the underworld of crime bosses all over. He has had a reputation in the area, people were afraid of him and they should be. He may have been in his fifties, but, he was still feared. He looked out of the window, that was above the club to see into it and getting the good view. Niko lit his Cuban cigar, puffing on it till it was lit and creating smoke. Looking down into the club, it was a slow night as some people drank their sorrows away. His eyes traveled to the stage, seeing his son slutty girlfriend a bit tipsy and singing on stage. She may have been in her mid to late twenties, but, he would show her how a real man should treat her. His ignorant son, Dorian was truly a dumb ass only wanting this club so his slutty, drinking girlfriend could sing on stage. If it weren't for the De Fireo gang, he wouldn't bought the establishment. But, then again he loves taking over a city. He heard his door open, looking over as his henchmen dragged his deadbeat son inside the dimly light office. It was adorned with old, twenties style artwork and the old gangster way versus what it used to look like with a cowboy meets a freaking hippie feel. His son was a splitting image of him, light to medium brown color hair, somewhat covering his forehead with brown eyes and a strong jaw. He was near his height, and a bit thinner. He never approved of, Dorian ear piercing since they looked ridiculous on him. Especially, the mouth ones which looked gay as shit. His son, Dorian was seriously in deep shit now, after he got told by one of the ear's he hired in this area that two police detectives were snooping around the club this morning an hour ago. When they arrived this afternoon, there wasn't anything said since Dorian was focused on the Halloween event. He had heard rumors, that his beloved son was doing small-time scams in his club. That made his blood boiled since he thought he raised Dorian better than that. He walked over, as the henchmen let him go and stood by in case. Niko placed his cigar on the ashtray, grabbing a nearby golf club. \"Dorian, you are a disappointment.\" Niko voice was cracked, as he cleared his throat. \"Old man, I was in the middle of something, till your delivery boys grabbed me from downstairs in the basement.\" Dorian spoke, huffing a bit. Niko snapped his fingers, the henchmen grabs Dorian and pulled him to his father's little-golfing area that was set up in the back corner. They forced him down, making him lay as one of the henchmen whom was a bit average and was bald places a tee in his mouth that was used to hold a golf ball up. Spitting it out, he see's the other henchman a Hispanic with a red bandana around his forehead grabs a gun from behind his back holster and aims it at Dorian head as the tee is placed back in his mouth. The bald henchman stands up, nodding at Niko as he stood a bit away from his son's head. \"I have gotten some information, that two detectives were snooping around the club.\" He spoke, slowly swinging the club. \"They uh, try to shut it down this morning for some stupid thing you were doing. I've been hearing rumors, though I know there probably true that you have been running this club likes it's your own con shop. If I hear things like that, I lose my concentration and my game goes straight to hell.\" Niko raises the club, preparing to swing as he looks down at his son's eyes. \"You could, too.\" He swings the club, hitting the ball and hitting the tee a bit giving his son a bit of a busted lip. \"Ow, fuck dad.\" Niko steps away, as the henchmen roughly pull Dorian off the floor. Dorian grabs a tissue from his pocket, placing it on his bleeding lip. \"I am fed up with you, Dorian. How am I, suppose to leave you my business when you don't even do what you're told?\" Dorian pushes himself away from the henchmen, \"What, do you want dad? The club ain't doing hot since we took over. These scams are the only thing to keep this place running since you won't give me money.\" Niko turned away from him, sitting on the maple wood, the polish desk that was custom made. \"Oh, so it is true then. And the only reason, I won't give you money is because I know for a fact you'll use it to give your girlfriend a bimbo job done on her. Have you ever thought, that maybe she is the reason why you're little,\" He raised his hands, doing a quotation mark in the air, \"'shop' is losing money?\" Dorian growled a low tone, thinking that Tina isn't the reason since she sounded good to him. \"What are you saying, then dad that my girlfriend can't sing?\" Niko grabbed his cigar, noticing that the fire was gone as he reached for his lighter. \"Yes, that is what I am saying. You could, I don't know get a new act on stage. I believe that, the owner before we bought it had a female employee who had a very pretty voice. Angel like he said, I don't remember the name, but, he told me that he would like her to sing on stage just this once.\" Dorian clenched his fist, watching his father grab his lighter and start to flick the thing to let the fire out. \"You want some girl, whom we aren't sure is still working here to sing on stage? I am not letting that happen, Tina is the star of the club and nothing will change that.\" Niko placed the cigar against his lips, puffing as the fire lit his smoke once more. \"Fine, but your not off the chopping block. If you do something stupid again, and I hear about it then you'll have twenty-four hours to leave town.\" Niko got off the desk, grabbing a new golf club that had a ribbon on it and a little tag. \"Otherwise, I'll use this new nine iron your mother bought me on your empty skull if you don't.\" He walked over, holding the club and pressing the cold metal against his son's cheek. \"Is that, understood?\" Dorian nodded, as Niko waved him off. The henchmen grab Dorian, pulling him out of the office and towards the stairs. He turned his head, fixing his black jacket and looking into his reflection to see the damage to his lip. He snarled, checking to make sure his hair was okay and dusted himself off. One day, there will be a new crime boss and it won't be you at all dad, Dorian thought as he walked down the stairs.[Chapter 3] Two days had passed since Stanley, bought that mask from the Tiki store. He kept it in the box, not sure if he should take it out of the box in fear that the haunting will happen again. He was trying to focus on his work, waiting for a customer to open a bank account since it was a rather slow, Thursday afternoon. The lobby was a bit empty, there were a few people depositing or withdrawing their account. His eyes went to the lobby, two window wide doors seeing it raining outside. It had been pouring all day, the rainwater got his suit jacket wet so he had to place it next to the heater. Hearing Charlie, he turns his head to see Charlie thanking his customer which was a middle-aged woman and her young son. Charlie grabbed a lollipop from the little jar, with Stanley desktop picking up the cherry flavored one up and unwrapping it as Stanley try to tidy his desk up. \"So, you wanna go to the Coco Bongo club tonight? Christine is making her signature martini.\" Charlie asked, taking the lollipop in his mouth. Stanley looked up, the sound of thunder erupted from above. \"Probably, depends on if we're on the list.\" He watches as Charlie pulled out a small, pink envelope. \"I do have us on the list, but, the problem is that you need a date.\" He held up four tickets. Stanely laughed, \"I don't need a date, what if we go outside and have to get back in?\" Charlie snickered, pulling out four tickets and showing them to Ipkiss. \"You're killing me Ipkiss, you need to find yourself a girl. Settle down, and raise a family. Brittany has been trying to set you up, with her coworker Farrah.\" Ah yes, Farrah. He met her, wait two years ago on a double date. Charlie was trying to get Stanley on the dating road again, wanting to see his best friend married and raising children. His wife arranged the date and Stanley could tell that Farrah didn't really like him. His suspicion was confirmed when he asked her on a date a week later and she told him that she was a lesbian. Yeah, that kinda hit him in the groin. He looked over to where the lobby doors were, the windows of them revealed it was pouring a lot harder outside making everyone run for cover. That's when a feminine, blonde figure in a tight red dress, wearing a black leather jacket, carrying a small, red purse and holding what appeared to be a broken, pink umbrella as the woman quickly ran to the first door, and the second one leading inside the lobby. She tries to pat brush herself off, but, Stanley could tell who it was judging by the scent; Tina. She looked up, scanning the room before walking over to Stanley desk. \"Hey, uh Stanley Ipkiss isn't it?\" She spoke, taking the jacket off exposing the rest of the dress which slightly could contain her breasts being held by two finger width straps. Stanley nod, \"Hi, what can I help you with today?\" She sat down, \"Before business, do you guys have some towels?\" Just as she said that Charlie handed her an already folded towel that was next to the heater. \"Our boss told us to put these to go use,\" Charlie spoke, patting Stanley back. He sat down, getting a folder out and opening his program up. \"So, what brings you to Edge city bank?\" Tina moved around, drying her chest and hair that got wet. \"I would like, to open a bank account under my name.\" Her voice, soft yet a bit low causing goosebumps to form on Stanley's arms. He watches her put the purse on the table, not knowing a camera was attached to it. \"Awesome, well let's do that shall we. The policy for opening an account, is are you opening a check or savings account?\" Tina moved the purse, hating that Stanley office was closet to what the inside of the vault looked like. \"Check, I think it's a hundred and fifty dollars to open it, isn't it?\" He nods, \"Yes, it is. Plus, you'll have to sign some papers to authorize it. And create a pin code, for your debt card.\" She dug out, a hundred dollar bill and a fifty dollar bill and placed it on the desktop. Unknown to Stanley, she had a clear earpiece in her ear as Dorian spoke to her in her ear to move the camera a bit to the left. In the Coco Bongo club, Dorian and his little so-called assistants were watching the TV of the feed from the camera as try to get a good look at the vault. He had a vision, or maybe an epiphany that lead him to this. He decided, that he was going to break into the Edge city bank and steal the money in it. He can hear Tina talking to the nerdy, loser name Ipkiss. He knew Ipkiss back in High school, back then Ipkiss was a bit weaker and barely had muscles. Now, he could tell that the dumbass nerd was lifting weights. He hated, how he stared at Tina. Though, back then Dorian was dating another girl whom he kinda didn't like, but lusted for Tina. He looked across the table, he had hired a man that could get the mission done without no incident. \"So, Freeze what do you think?\" Freeze or Blake was Dorian trusted, loyal henchmen puff out a ring of smoke. \"That place is really not going to stand a chance. Freeze that frame there.\" Dorian presses a button, watching as Freeze writes down something in his little notebook. \"Oh boy, looks like we have motion detectors in that place.\" Freeze nods, \"Yeah, that's going to be one hell of an issue.\" He looks over, hearing Tina talking to Ipkiss about the bank thing. \"Can you pull it off?\" \"Hey, you are talking to the Doctor man. I just need a few days, knowing what that ridiculous motion detector is from. It's about time and money.\" Freeze spoke, noticing the time lock. \"Interesting, little Perkins/Jenning time lock. Most banks, stop using those suckers.\" Dorian spoke into the microphone, telling Tina that her job is done. \"We have until Halloween, cause the day after the new casino that's opening across from the club in the wharf area will have a grand opening. The money you get from the heist, once I take care of Arnie the swede's casino we would be having a ton of champagne and tits.\" Freeze stood up, \"What about the club? What's a matter with having the chump money from the heist?\" Dorian reaches for his glass of ice water, \"If we don't do this heist, the club will go bye-bye since my dumbass father won't give me money. And, I don't do chump money.\" He sips the water swallowing it and looking at the screen, \"If we take over the casino, the club is saved. And, I'll be more powerful than my father.\" As Dorian and Freeze schemed, Stanley finishes the paper signing with Tina as she looks at his tie. It had some bright blue's in shape of music notes, on lines which he adored that tie since it was the only gift his descended grandfather bought for him when he was fifteen. His father died, a week after his fifteen birthday due to natural causes. He was raised, by his mom since his dad abandoned them so he and his mom stayed with his grandparents. \"That tie is very interesting, Mr. Ipkiss. Kinda reminds me of the Rorschach test, it looks like an um, young woman riding bareback. Or two lovers, a man and a woman with the woman on top of course.\" Tina slowly grabbed the tie, tracing it with her finger. Stanley becomes hot under the collar, \"It was a gift, from my grandfather before he died. He bought it for me when I was in the band. It's like a power tie, well feel's like it.\" Tina smirked, \"Oh yeah, I remember that day you were very sad. Well, I should be getting back to the club since we're preparing for the Halloween event.\" Stanley stood up, as he watches Tina stand up and see's that the camera light is off as she carefully hides the camera as she adjusts the purse. \"Of course, you'll be expecting your debt card pretty soon. And Tina, hopefully, I'll see you tonight at the club. Break a leg, on stage.\" She nods, taking her purse as she places the towel on the desk and leaves the broken, pink umbrella next to the desk. \"Goodbye, Mr. Ipkiss.\" She starts to walk away, rolling her eyes hating how that she had to try and seduce the idiot. She passed the two doors, hailing a cab in Stanley eye view before noticing that her umbrella is not with her. He looked over the desk, seeing the umbrella was in halves. As he reaches it, looking up as Tina disappears from sight. Pulling the broken umbrella, Stanley sighed as he didn't get to say goodbye to Tina. ... The sound of the rain, had lully Christine to sleep this morning. Opening her eyes, she looked up at the nightstand seeing it was three, twenty-four in the afternoon. She needed to get up, shower and dress, and make herself something to eat. Her body didn't want to get out of bed, hell she didn't want to go to work. Hearing, Tina complain about her drinks and getting chewed by Dorian. A few seconds later, her alarm clock goes off as she reaches over and hits the snooze button. Getting up, her black cat Midnight a Chesire breed she gotten last month who was a kitten and sleeping in her cat bed at the end of her bed. She reaches over, scratching behind the kitten ears and moving around to get off the bed. It stopped thundering and lightning around one something, knowing she'll be able to shower without worrying about getting electrocuted. Her silk nightgown barely helped cover her breasts as she walked over to the bedroom door and opens it. Hearing, and smelling her roommate playing his guitar and smoking pot. She sighed, turning around in her room to grab her robe from her chair in front of her desk and tie it around her. The warm, gray color robe was big enough to cover her entirely. She turned back to the door, heading outside of her room and walking to the kitchen seeing the mess her roommate caused. Dirty dishes all over, the trash can is overfilled, and a foul burnt smell coming from the oven. \"The fuck, John! What's that ungodly smell?\" Christine walked over to the oven, seeing it on and opening the oven door seeing a burnt as hell cake in a pan. Her hands grab the mitten on the counter, pulling the pan out and turning the oven off. The pan smoked, wanting to make the smoke detector go off. Her roommate looked over, blue eyes and light brown short hair met her gaze seeing the pan being put on the stove top. \"Hey, it's not done.\" She hears her roommate getting off the couch, \"The fuck it is, my kitchen and living room is a disgusting mess. I just cleaned the fucking apartment all night, even the bathroom. And, now my kitchen as dirty dishes all over the place, my trash can which was empty before I fell asleep is filled with a ton of crap, and now you're setting the kitchen on fire!\" Her roommate John looked like he had a headache, holding his head up. His eyes were red and wet. \"I'm sorry Christine, I had friends come over.\" Christine had enough of this shit, \"Clean my apartment and get the fuck out. I want five hundred dollars, plus the three thousand you owe me.\" She can hear him say under his breath, fucking bitch as she goes back to her room to contact the landlord, and getting the police involved. She had enough of her druggie, roommate. Bad thing for him, he had almost five thousand dollars worth of pot in his room. A while later, she saw him placing the dishes in the dishwasher, her money on the counter, trash taken out, and other things. A moment later, a knock was on the door heading to it to see inside the peephole and opening the door. On the other side, stood Lieutenant Kellaway and the landlord Mr. Hilern. Lieutenant Kellaway was a hardened cop, with being a sergeant in the military. His eyes were gray, surveying the scene and could smell the pot and burnt cake in the air. It made him cringe, making him want to throw up as he gives a gesture to be let in. She stood to the side, letting Kellaway in as he grabbed John in surprise and quickly handcuffed him against the wall next to the door to his bedroom, he dragged him, taking him to the police car and barked orders at the two officers that were with to go inside and search the room. Christine walked over to the couch, as her landlord stood next to the couch she sat on. \"Well, the neighbors can now sleep peacefully since your roommate is kicked out. What'll you do with the asshole stuff?\" Mr. Hilern spoke, an older gentlemen wearing a t-shirt and a pair of jeans. She looked at the landlord, \"Probably, give them to whoever can get it for him.\" As she spoke, two other officers walk inside, walking to John room to search for the pot in that room. Not evening three minutes later, one of them comes out and runs outside yelling for Kellaway to get in here, hinting the huge stash of pot in there. \"Well, now everyone will know where that smell is.\" Mr. Hilern commented. They finished up, an hour later luckily she was allowed to shower and get dressed for her job while they did their police work. Her hands grabbed the nearby jar of peanut butter, opening it up and looking for bread and her Nutella jar. Kellaway was doing some last minute things, looking at the young, big dark red hair girl with a look of wanting to question her. \"Tell me about your roommate John, how come you haven't called his pot thing in what, seven months ago?\" Kellaway walked over, watching Christine put the white bread loaf bag on the counter and the jar of the Nutella. Christine looked up, noticing that he is holding a notepad. \"I didn't discover the pot stash, till the day I came back from the salon to get my hair dye. That was two days ago.\" He wrote it down, \"You've been roommates for seven months, and have you had this issues with him?\" \"Yeah, I had to keep cleaning the place over and over again. I also had to keep spraying air freshener and burning incense sticks to get rid of the smell. He won't clean up after himself, and his friends make a mess.\" Christine looked at him, getting a bit frustrated as she digs for a clean butter knife. His eyes watched her open the jar of peanut butter with the other hand, finding the butter knife and holding the jar so she could get the lid off the jar. \"I understand, well I guess I should leave you to what you're doing. Have a good night at your job, contact me.\" He spoke, handing her a card. She grabbed it, placing it next to her as she took the butter knife and place it in the peanut butter jar, bringing it up was a huge glop of the peanut butter. Christine looked up, watching as the officer leaves the apartment and goes to grab a slice of bread from the loosely tied bag of the loaf. She spread it around, going back to get more peanut butter on it. Her eyes looked over at the clock, noticing it is almost five in the evening. She'll need to hurry up since she had to be over there at six thirty in the evening, as she reaches for the Nutella jar and opens it with one hand. Well, now she got pain in the ass out she'll need Ipkiss to help her with the packing.","LastChapter":"Two days had passed since Stanley, bought that mask from the Tiki store. He kept it in the box, not sure if he should take it out of the box in fear that the haunting will happen again. He was trying to focus on his work, waiting for a customer to open a bank account since it was a rather slow, Thursday afternoon. The lobby was a bit empty, there were a few people depositing or withdrawing their account. His eyes went to the lobby, two window wide doors seeing it raining outside. It had been pouring all day, the rainwater got his suit jacket wet so he had to place it next to the heater. Hearing Charlie, he turns his head to see Charlie thanking his customer which was a middle-aged woman and her young son. Charlie grabbed a lollipop from the little jar, with Stanley desktop picking up the cherry flavored one up and unwrapping it as Stanley try to tidy his desk up. \"So, you wanna go to the Coco Bongo club tonight? Christine is making her signature martini.\" Charlie asked, taking the lollipop in his mouth. Stanley looked up, the sound of thunder erupted from above. \"Probably, depends on if we're on the list.\" He watches as Charlie pulled out a small, pink envelope. \"I do have us on the list, but, the problem is that you need a date.\" He held up four tickets. Stanely laughed, \"I don't need a date, what if we go outside and have to get back in?\" Charlie snickered, pulling out four tickets and showing them to Ipkiss. \"You're killing me Ipkiss, you need to find yourself a girl. Settle down, and raise a family. Brittany has been trying to set you up, with her coworker Farrah.\" Ah yes, Farrah. He met her, wait two years ago on a double date. Charlie was trying to get Stanley on the dating road again, wanting to see his best friend married and raising children. His wife arranged the date and Stanley could tell that Farrah didn't really like him. His suspicion was confirmed when he asked her on a date a week later and she told him that she was a lesbian. Yeah, that kinda hit him in the groin. He looked over to where the lobby doors were, the windows of them revealed it was pouring a lot harder outside making everyone run for cover. That's when a feminine, blonde figure in a tight red dress, wearing a black leather jacket, carrying a small, red purse and holding what appeared to be a broken, pink umbrella as the woman quickly ran to the first door, and the second one leading inside the lobby. She tries to pat brush herself off, but, Stanley could tell who it was judging by the scent; Tina. She looked up, scanning the room before walking over to Stanley desk. \"Hey, uh Stanley Ipkiss isn't it?\" She spoke, taking the jacket off exposing the rest of the dress which slightly could contain her breasts being held by two finger width straps. Stanley nod, \"Hi, what can I help you with today?\" She sat down, \"Before business, do you guys have some towels?\" Just as she said that Charlie handed her an already folded towel that was next to the heater. \"Our boss told us to put these to go use,\" Charlie spoke, patting Stanley back. He sat down, getting a folder out and opening his program up. \"So, what brings you to Edge city bank?\" Tina moved around, drying her chest and hair that got wet. \"I would like, to open a bank account under my name.\" Her voice, soft yet a bit low causing goosebumps to form on Stanley's arms. He watches her put the purse on the table, not knowing a camera was attached to it. \"Awesome, well let's do that shall we. The policy for opening an account, is are you opening a check or savings account?\" Tina moved the purse, hating that Stanley office was closet to what the inside of the vault looked like. \"Check, I think it's a hundred and fifty dollars to open it, isn't it?\" He nods, \"Yes, it is. Plus, you'll have to sign some papers to authorize it. And create a pin code, for your debt card.\" She dug out, a hundred dollar bill and a fifty dollar bill and placed it on the desktop. Unknown to Stanley, she had a clear earpiece in her ear as Dorian spoke to her in her ear to move the camera a bit to the left. In the Coco Bongo club, Dorian and his little so-called assistants were watching the TV of the feed from the camera as try to get a good look at the vault. He had a vision, or maybe an epiphany that lead him to this. He decided, that he was going to break into the Edge city bank and steal the money in it. He can hear Tina talking to the nerdy, loser name Ipkiss. He knew Ipkiss back in High school, back then Ipkiss was a bit weaker and barely had muscles. Now, he could tell that the dumbass nerd was lifting weights. He hated, how he stared at Tina. Though, back then Dorian was dating another girl whom he kinda didn't like, but lusted for Tina. He looked across the table, he had hired a man that could get the mission done without no incident. \"So, Freeze what do you think?\" Freeze or Blake was Dorian trusted, loyal henchmen puff out a ring of smoke. \"That place is really not going to stand a chance. Freeze that frame there.\" Dorian presses a button, watching as Freeze writes down something in his little notebook. \"Oh boy, looks like we have motion detectors in that place.\" Freeze nods, \"Yeah, that's going to be one hell of an issue.\" He looks over, hearing Tina talking to Ipkiss about the bank thing. \"Can you pull it off?\" \"Hey, you are talking to the Doctor man. I just need a few days, knowing what that ridiculous motion detector is from. It's about time and money.\" Freeze spoke, noticing the time lock. \"Interesting, little Perkins/Jenning time lock. Most banks, stop using those suckers.\" Dorian spoke into the microphone, telling Tina that her job is done. \"We have until Halloween, cause the day after the new casino that's opening across from the club in the wharf area will have a grand opening. The money you get from the heist, once I take care of Arnie the swede's casino we would be having a ton of champagne and tits.\" Freeze stood up, \"What about the club? What's a matter with having the chump money from the heist?\" Dorian reaches for his glass of ice water, \"If we don't do this heist, the club will go bye-bye since my dumbass father won't give me money. And, I don't do chump money.\" He sips the water swallowing it and looking at the screen, \"If we take over the casino, the club is saved. And, I'll be more powerful than my father.\" As Dorian and Freeze schemed, Stanley finishes the paper signing with Tina as she looks at his tie. It had some bright blue's in shape of music notes, on lines which he adored that tie since it was the only gift his descended grandfather bought for him when he was fifteen. His father died, a week after his fifteen birthday due to natural causes. He was raised, by his mom since his dad abandoned them so he and his mom stayed with his grandparents. \"That tie is very interesting, Mr. Ipkiss. Kinda reminds me of the Rorschach test, it looks like an um, young woman riding bareback. Or two lovers, a man and a woman with the woman on top of course.\" Tina slowly grabbed the tie, tracing it with her finger. Stanley becomes hot under the collar, \"It was a gift, from my grandfather before he died. He bought it for me when I was in the band. It's like a power tie, well feel's like it.\" Tina smirked, \"Oh yeah, I remember that day you were very sad. Well, I should be getting back to the club since we're preparing for the Halloween event.\" Stanley stood up, as he watches Tina stand up and see's that the camera light is off as she carefully hides the camera as she adjusts the purse. \"Of course, you'll be expecting your debt card pretty soon. And Tina, hopefully, I'll see you tonight at the club. Break a leg, on stage.\" She nods, taking her purse as she places the towel on the desk and leaves the broken, pink umbrella next to the desk. \"Goodbye, Mr. Ipkiss.\" She starts to walk away, rolling her eyes hating how that she had to try and seduce the idiot. She passed the two doors, hailing a cab in Stanley eye view before noticing that her umbrella is not with her. He looked over the desk, seeing the umbrella was in halves. As he reaches it, looking up as Tina disappears from sight. Pulling the broken umbrella, Stanley sighed as he didn't get to say goodbye to Tina. ... The sound of the rain, had lully Christine to sleep this morning. Opening her eyes, she looked up at the nightstand seeing it was three, twenty-four in the afternoon. She needed to get up, shower and dress, and make herself something to eat. Her body didn't want to get out of bed, hell she didn't want to go to work. Hearing, Tina complain about her drinks and getting chewed by Dorian. A few seconds later, her alarm clock goes off as she reaches over and hits the snooze button. Getting up, her black cat Midnight a Chesire breed she gotten last month who was a kitten and sleeping in her cat bed at the end of her bed. She reaches over, scratching behind the kitten ears and moving around to get off the bed. It stopped thundering and lightning around one something, knowing she'll be able to shower without worrying about getting electrocuted. Her silk nightgown barely helped cover her breasts as she walked over to the bedroom door and opens it. Hearing, and smelling her roommate playing his guitar and smoking pot. She sighed, turning around in her room to grab her robe from her chair in front of her desk and tie it around her. The warm, gray color robe was big enough to cover her entirely. She turned back to the door, heading outside of her room and walking to the kitchen seeing the mess her roommate caused. Dirty dishes all over, the trash can is overfilled, and a foul burnt smell coming from the oven. \"The fuck, John! What's that ungodly smell?\" Christine walked over to the oven, seeing it on and opening the oven door seeing a burnt as hell cake in a pan. Her hands grab the mitten on the counter, pulling the pan out and turning the oven off. The pan smoked, wanting to make the smoke detector go off. Her roommate looked over, blue eyes and light brown short hair met her gaze seeing the pan being put on the stove top. \"Hey, it's not done.\" She hears her roommate getting off the couch, \"The fuck it is, my kitchen and living room is a disgusting mess. I just cleaned the fucking apartment all night, even the bathroom. And, now my kitchen as dirty dishes all over the place, my trash can which was empty before I fell asleep is filled with a ton of crap, and now you're setting the kitchen on fire!\" Her roommate John looked like he had a headache, holding his head up. His eyes were red and wet. \"I'm sorry Christine, I had friends come over.\" Christine had enough of this shit, \"Clean my apartment and get the fuck out. I want five hundred dollars, plus the three thousand you owe me.\" She can hear him say under his breath, fucking bitch as she goes back to her room to contact the landlord, and getting the police involved. She had enough of her druggie, roommate. Bad thing for him, he had almost five thousand dollars worth of pot in his room. A while later, she saw him placing the dishes in the dishwasher, her money on the counter, trash taken out, and other things. A moment later, a knock was on the door heading to it to see inside the peephole and opening the door. On the other side, stood Lieutenant Kellaway and the landlord Mr. Hilern. Lieutenant Kellaway was a hardened cop, with being a sergeant in the military. His eyes were gray, surveying the scene and could smell the pot and burnt cake in the air. It made him cringe, making him want to throw up as he gives a gesture to be let in. She stood to the side, letting Kellaway in as he grabbed John in surprise and quickly handcuffed him against the wall next to the door to his bedroom, he dragged him, taking him to the police car and barked orders at the two officers that were with to go inside and search the room. Christine walked over to the couch, as her landlord stood next to the couch she sat on. \"Well, the neighbors can now sleep peacefully since your roommate is kicked out. What'll you do with the asshole stuff?\" Mr. Hilern spoke, an older gentlemen wearing a t-shirt and a pair of jeans. She looked at the landlord, \"Probably, give them to whoever can get it for him.\" As she spoke, two other officers walk inside, walking to John room to search for the pot in that room. Not evening three minutes later, one of them comes out and runs outside yelling for Kellaway to get in here, hinting the huge stash of pot in there. \"Well, now everyone will know where that smell is.\" Mr. Hilern commented. They finished up, an hour later luckily she was allowed to shower and get dressed for her job while they did their police work. Her hands grabbed the nearby jar of peanut butter, opening it up and looking for bread and her Nutella jar. Kellaway was doing some last minute things, looking at the young, big dark red hair girl with a look of wanting to question her. \"Tell me about your roommate John, how come you haven't called his pot thing in what, seven months ago?\" Kellaway walked over, watching Christine put the white bread loaf bag on the counter and the jar of the Nutella. Christine looked up, noticing that he is holding a notepad. \"I didn't discover the pot stash, till the day I came back from the salon to get my hair dye. That was two days ago.\" He wrote it down, \"You've been roommates for seven months, and have you had this issues with him?\" \"Yeah, I had to keep cleaning the place over and over again. I also had to keep spraying air freshener and burning incense sticks to get rid of the smell. He won't clean up after himself, and his friends make a mess.\" Christine looked at him, getting a bit frustrated as she digs for a clean butter knife. His eyes watched her open the jar of peanut butter with the other hand, finding the butter knife and holding the jar so she could get the lid off the jar. \"I understand, well I guess I should leave you to what you're doing. Have a good night at your job, contact me.\" He spoke, handing her a card. She grabbed it, placing it next to her as she took the butter knife and place it in the peanut butter jar, bringing it up was a huge glop of the peanut butter. Christine looked up, watching as the officer leaves the apartment and goes to grab a slice of bread from the loosely tied bag of the loaf. She spread it around, going back to get more peanut butter on it. Her eyes looked over at the clock, noticing it is almost five in the evening. She'll need to hurry up since she had to be over there at six thirty in the evening, as she reaches for the Nutella jar and opens it with one hand. Well, now she got pain in the ass out she'll need Ipkiss to help her with the packing.","Summary":" BEEP BEEP BEEP The electric alarm clock beeped, it read 07:25 am. A hand covered by the blankets, h","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  M - English - Humor Romance - Chapters: 3   - Words: 7,596 - Reviews: 4 - Favs: 2 - Follows: 3 - Updated: 3 20 2018 - Published: 3 14 2018 - id: 12868169 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Driving Lessons","Author":"muffin Lady 0o","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3480100","Passage":"[Chapter 1] -1 A/N:nI wrote this the night after seeing the movie in theatres, and then Inwaited until I found a category for it. Except, this isn't ancategory, it's random cartoons or something. This is only it'sntemporary home. Sorry beforehand for my mistakes. Disclaimer:nI own nothing. Insit at the back of the boat, arms draped across the seat behind me,nand enjoying the view before me while the wind tosses my hair backnfrom my face, playing a cool breeze across it. Not that the dirty oldnbrick walls forming a tunnel around us were all that good looking,nnor was the sludge-like water very appealing to the eye. No, I amnmore focused on the woman standing before me, driving the boat I wasnenjoying my ride in. Inhad been in the sewer for what, a week now, since I had become a heronfor saving it? It was hard to keep track of time down here,nsometimes. But already, I was becoming one of the many civilians. Inhad traded in my stiff and uncomfortable doll pants for two pieces ofndenim material we found, and had sewn together with white dentalnfloss. Like the kind I used when I brushed my teeth, though withoutnthe mint, which was a pity. I rather liked the smell of that mint. Mynshirt and shoes I kept, only because they were comfortable. Comfortnwas a priority down here, for me. Maybe not to anyone else, but I,nfor one, was not going to wear a barrel over myself and call it anshirt if it was convenient. Inreturn my gaze to Rita, captaining the ship in front of me. As muchnas I adore her in her mint-green shirt and Union Jack pants, I can'tnhelp but imagine her in one of those bikinis the dolls back homenwore, running on a beach somewhere, slowly, hair blowing in the windnbehind her. I had gotten that from a television show I had seen thatnaired here once. Baywatch, or something like that. Inraise a hand and smack myself across the face, erasing the image, andnthe goofy smile I wear as well. Thoughts like that are prohibited.nShe deserves her fair share of respect. \"Shanla la la la la my oh my! You're looking quite too shy, you wanna Kiss the Girl.\" something behind me begins to sing. I jump anmile high, and whirl around. There, sitting on the side of the boat,nare a few slugs, singing. I glare at them then, with my fists on mynhips, my shoe tapping, and my hair a jumbled, mussed-up, nervousnmess. Ohnhow menacing I must look. \"Shanla la la la la-\" They start to sing again, but I knock them off thenboat and into the water, to make them shut up! What if Rita hears? Inswivel around on my heel and see her standing, arms folded, with anbemused smile playing across her lips. \"Whatnwas that all about, then?\" she asks. I pray to all that is Holynthat no color will rise into my face. Thankfully, my prayers arenanswered. \"Er,njust stretching my legs! You know how it is, sitting for a long timenand you grow stiff?\" I say nervously. She raises an eyebrow. Smooth,nRoddy, smooth. \"Well,nif you'd care to stay up a bit longer, I could teach you how tondrive the boat.\" She offers. I step up to the wheel. \"Soundsnlike fun.\" I say, and take hold of the steering wheel. It is warmnunder my grip, from where she had just been holding it. Inwonder if she felt the same joy in just being as near to me as I didnto her. Mostnlikely not. Sonfar, I am doing great. Granted, I am only going in a straight line,nbut it is still better than swerving. Yet, there is a corner comingnup, and I begin to get nervous. Still, I haven't crashed intonanything yet. Yet. Intake the corner a little too sharply, and start yelling while thenboat does a three-hundred and sixty degree turn and comes to a haltnagainst a wall. Somewhere, when I started turning, Rita started tonsay something, but was drowned out by my yells and the slugs', whonare shrieking in their little high, squeaky voices as the boatnpitches one way, then the other. Withna final jerk, it rights itself, and Rita loses her balance, tumblingntowards me. I catch her, and hold her to my chest about her shouldersnas the boat rights itself. When we stop, she looks up at me, and Indown at her. Both of us are breathing quite heavily, as if we havenjust completed a marathon. Her eyes bounce back and forth betweennmine, and there is an intake of breath from the slugs watching. Ifnone of them starts singing so much as one 'Sha la la,\" I am goingnto assault them. Hehnheh, assault, a-salt. I created a pun. \"Insaid to turn the wheel gently! Didn't you hear me?\" Rita is thenfirst to break the hypnotic silence and straighten herself. The slugsnlet out their breath, and I let out the one I hadn't realized I hadnbeen holding. \"Terriblynsorry, but I was a bit preoccupied with trying not to fly off thenboat!\" I huff. Rita shakes her head. \"Whatever.nLook, we're going home. It's getting late now.\" I automaticallynlook up to check the sky, and I'm slightly put-out when all I seenare the bricks, once again, from the tunnel. \"Fine,nwe'll go.\" I say and, once again, return to my seat at the backnof the boat, where I return to gazing idly at Rita, and forgettingnthat such thoughts are prohibited. Afterna while, we turn a corner or two, and I'm face-to-face with anrickety old house, different floors sliding atop one another with thensoft waves of the current down here. Inside, I see lights and hearnyelling. The house looks dangerous, but I know it's fine. This isnRita's house, and the yelling is all of her siblings, chasing eachnother about indoors and making the house rock more than the currentnever could. Shenparks the Jammy Dodger II, and we get off onto the dock placed innfront of their house. We both take a deep breath, to ready ourselves,nand then walk inside. I immediately scan the room for Shocky andnRita's grandmother. Those two are the ones I have to worry aboutnmost. I made the mistake of not checking the first time I came innafter I saved Rita and the Sewer community. Being attacked by both atnonce is a pretty painful experience. \"Thenyoung lovers return!\" shouts the brother closest to her age,nwearing a shirt bearing the name 'Bubonic Plague' and pointingndramatically in our direction. Rita and I sigh; We're used to thisnteasing by now. We let it be. Instantaneously, we are buried under anmountain of little kids. I can't breathe! I need sustenance! I neednwater! Quickly,nI untangle myself from the mass of munchkins and head for the safetynof the kitchen. Rita, after greeting each of them with a hug, followsnbehind. We reach the kitchen, only to find Rita's mother, standingnthere and polishing a plate with a dish towel. \"So,nhow was your date, you two?\" she asks. I swallow hard, in hopesnthat it brings down the blush that has arisen in my cheeks. Itndoes no such thing. \"Mum,nit was not a date.\" Rita rolls her eyes and sighs, like a kid,nexplaining why that toy is theirs. Now it is her mother's turn tonroll her eyes. \"Callnit what you will; You were out all day.\" She sounds skeptical. Incan hear it in her voice. Suddenly, I come up with an argument fornher. A valid one. \"Shenwas showing my around the tunnels. I need to memorize them if I'mnever going to get around down here. So she was helping me out.\" Insay. She raises an eyebrow, and I can tell she is still skeptical,neven though I speak the truth. Though, it was a pretty crappynexcuse. \"Alright.nJust keep it PG-13, kids.\" She warns. Then, while Rita is blushingnlike nothing I've ever seen and silently cursing the world, hernmother turns around and winks at me! I feel the color rise innmy face again. I've lost count now, how many times I've done thatnin this one day. I could probably start a record. Fornthe rest of the night, we mainly socialize with the rest of thenfamily, and I keep reminding myself to stay clear of Shocky andnGrandma, until it is time for bed. So while the children are beingnput to sleep, I go to a closet and pick out a blanket and pillow.nWhen I turn around, Rita is standing there. I start, and then try andnget my heart rate to ease down to normal again. She takes the beddingnout of my hands and starts to make up the couch, where I sleep everynnight now. \"Ifnyou wake up early tomorrow, I can take you out on the water withoutninterruptions. I can teach you to drive properly then.\" Shensays, putting an emphasis on the word properly, as if my drivingntoday was inadequate. Asnif. Ritanstands back to admire her handiwork. Even I have to admit, it isnpretty good. And I was a pet, to a family! A rich one, at that. Withnthe corners tucked in, military style. You could bounce a quarter onnit, and this is an amazing feat in itself, for the couch sags in thenmiddle, where too many little bodies have sat themselves down a fewntoo many times. Inflash her an appreciative smile over my shoulder as she walks away,nthough I think I'm too late, because she whips around the corner atnthe top of the stairs by the time I finish my gesture. I lay down onnthe couch and lock my fingers behind my head, staring at the ceiling. Inthink back to today on the boat, and all that happened. There wasnsomething about it that just… struck me. Like a bolt of lightning.nZAP! I could have sworn that I had felt a spark somewhere down thenline, and it was not at the fault of Shocky. Mynthoughts wander around aimlessly around, bouncing from one randomnthought to another, when they finally reach Sid, the rat who took mynplace. I wonder how he is doing. I have a very random image of himnbeing chased around the house by a large and white fluffy cat. Thenthought makes me chuckle, though I know that that would never happen. Evernso slowly, I feel my consciousness slide farther and farther out ofnmy reach until I am surrounded in darkness. Sid and Rita chased eachnother around my dreams, perused by a fluffy white cat, with Shocky onntop. Xxxx Inawake the next morning, groggily, to some sort of shadowed figurenstanding over me. In my barely conscious state-of-mind, I feel thenneed to protect myself. More than once, I had woken up to annunpleasant sight of Grandma hanging over me, and I was very cautiousnafter that. I bring my hand up and smack the person, whoever it was,nin attempts to make them leave me alone. Instead,nI feel something soft and smooth under my lingering hand. Inun-squinch my eyes, and am staring back into the face of none othernthan Rita, who is flinching from my impact. \"Sorry!nTerribly sorry! I thought you were someone else!\" I jump up off thencouch with amazing speed and run do the kitchen to get some ice. WhennI return, she gives me a withering glare. \"Well,nnow I'm debating on weather to teach you to drive.\" she says,nsnatching the icepack from my hand and slapping it on her face,ncausing another wince. I feel my stomach drop to my shoes when shensays this, but I don't let it show. When Rita makes a decision,nRita makes a decision. \"Inwas kidding! Pack up your stuff, because we're going to leavenbefore anyone wakes up.\" she says. My face must brighten noticeablynat this, because she laughs aloud as I run to get my sheets packedninto the closet. She is already up and standing on the deck of hernboat by the time I get outside. She revs the engine. \"Youncoming aboard?\" she asks with a grin. I leap on, not bothering tonundo the gate, and run up to the control center, standing next tonRita. She pulls out of the dock and into the open sewer waters, whichnhas no traffic on them whatsoever at this early time. \"Sonyou need to concentrate. Become one with the ship.\" Rita says, thenncloses her eyes and steers a perfect corner. I raise an eyebrow; Indidn't know inner chi is needed to drive a boat. \"Becomenone with the boat.\" Rita says cryptically from under her closedneyelids. Obviously,nthis is where all my problems are coming from. I am not skilled innthe art of conjoining bodies with inanimate objects. \"Here,nyou try.\" Rita now says, stepping out of the way of the wheel.nNervously, I take hold, and try to calm myself down, but it is notnpossible. I take a few deep breaths, and start driving. Slowly, andncautiously. \"Shanla la la la la la la la my oh my! You're-\" A single slug drops innfront of my face while I'm trying to focus on my driving and I jerknthe wheel over, and the boat almost loses control, like last night. Inquickly grab the slug and toss it into the water too, so it will stopnsinging. Rita gives me a look. \"Whatnwas that about?\" she asks. I try to keep my voice steady. I'mnreally not a very good liar. \"Itnstartled me. I try to relax and calm down, and it pops out ofnnowhere.\" I say. She doesn't look like she believes me, but dropsnthe matter regardless. Inreturn to driving, but I have thoughts swirling around in my head.nWhy do those slugs pop up at the most inopportune of moments,nanyways? It always seems that they know what I'm thinking. Maybenthey're psychic? Psychicnslugs. Hmmm… Anothernslug pops its head into my line of vision, and I glare at it, hopingnagainst hope that it won't start singing. It just stares at me,nthen retreats back to where it came. I heave a sigh of relief. Thosenslugs always seem to appear, inopportune or not. I think they maynhave some sort of obsession with me. PsychicnStalker Slugs. It has a nice ring. \"Here,nyou do it like this.\" Rita says, noticing that I'm not payingnattention. She comes up behind me and puts her hands on top of mine,nsteering the wheel for me. She's trying to teach me, I can tell.nBut she isn't getting through to me, as I'm too preoccupiedntrying to regain control of my thoughts from the sudden touch thatnleaves me breathless, as lame as it may sound. Infeel my stomach do a backflip, and then, something starts to happennto me. I have no idea what it is, though. I start feeling slightlynlight-headed, and different thoughts begin to flash through my head.nRita, the bathing suit fantasy, her mother winking at me after thencomment she had made about us, Rita, laying against my chest whilenthe boat was rocking, the slugs… Thenslugs! They and their accursed song! At this thought, the song beginsnto play in my head, creating an annoying soundtrack to go with thenimages. \"Kissnthe girl!\" the slugs in my head squeak at me. \"Kiss the girl!\" \"Roddy,nare you okay?\" Rita notices my discomfort. She's let go of mynhands now, and is standing next to me in what appears to be completenand utter confusion. Kissnthe girl. Insimply stare at her, wondering what I'm going to say. Every ideanthat pops into my head sounds stupid. Kissnthe girl . \"Roddy,nwhat's going on?\" Rita seems slightly worried now. I don'tnblame her; I'm quite worried myself. KISSnTHE GIRL. Thenvoice is louder this time. I suck up whatever courage I have left innmy body and reach forward, grabbing Rita by her shoulders and pullingnher in for a kiss. Shenstiffens as our lips meet. Instantly, my mind goes blank. No morennever-ending loop of that annoying song, no more images that make mengo crazy thinking about them, nothing. Ritanfinally relaxes, and we pull away, letting the kiss linger. She has anslight grin on her face, but nothing more. Slugs that I didn'tnrealize were watching us begin to cheer. \"Whatnwas that for?\" she asks. I draw another blank in my mind. \"Er…nSlugs… you… song…\" I can't form an actual sentence, butnRita doesn't seem to notice. She just stands there, waiting. Inglance over at one of the slugs. \"Kissnthe girl.\" I state simply. Rita raises an eyebrow. \"Kissnthe girl?\" she says. The slug, as if on cue, begins to sing. \"Shanla la la la la la la la my oh my! You're looking quite too shy! Younwant to kiss the girl! \" it sings. Rita looks at the slug,nthen to me, before a smile blossoms on her face. \"Inget it. Kiss the girl.\" she says. I have a very cheesy line in mynhead, but I choose not to say it. Instead, I take it as anninvitation. I reach down and kiss her again, and this time, she goesnright along with it. A/N:nThere you go! If you like it, raise your hand! I made it fluffy, andnI'm not very good at fluffy. Hope you like it anyways. Dedicatednto one of my friends, because we tease her with this song all thentime. She's probably crouched behind a corner or something, waitingnfor me, with a hacksaw in hand. Eithernthat, or she's going to taunt me with my own Disney song via a ficnof her own. (Oh, how I wish you wouldn't please!) Maynyour lives be merry and filled with singing slugs!","LastChapter":"-1 A/N:nI wrote this the night after seeing the movie in theatres, and then Inwaited until I found a category for it. Except, this isn't ancategory, it's random cartoons or something. This is only it'sntemporary home. Sorry beforehand for my mistakes. Disclaimer:nI own nothing. Insit at the back of the boat, arms draped across the seat behind me,nand enjoying the view before me while the wind tosses my hair backnfrom my face, playing a cool breeze across it. Not that the dirty oldnbrick walls forming a tunnel around us were all that good looking,nnor was the sludge-like water very appealing to the eye. No, I amnmore focused on the woman standing before me, driving the boat I wasnenjoying my ride in. Inhad been in the sewer for what, a week now, since I had become a heronfor saving it? It was hard to keep track of time down here,nsometimes. But already, I was becoming one of the many civilians. Inhad traded in my stiff and uncomfortable doll pants for two pieces ofndenim material we found, and had sewn together with white dentalnfloss. Like the kind I used when I brushed my teeth, though withoutnthe mint, which was a pity. I rather liked the smell of that mint. Mynshirt and shoes I kept, only because they were comfortable. Comfortnwas a priority down here, for me. Maybe not to anyone else, but I,nfor one, was not going to wear a barrel over myself and call it anshirt if it was convenient. Inreturn my gaze to Rita, captaining the ship in front of me. As muchnas I adore her in her mint-green shirt and Union Jack pants, I can'tnhelp but imagine her in one of those bikinis the dolls back homenwore, running on a beach somewhere, slowly, hair blowing in the windnbehind her. I had gotten that from a television show I had seen thatnaired here once. Baywatch, or something like that. Inraise a hand and smack myself across the face, erasing the image, andnthe goofy smile I wear as well. Thoughts like that are prohibited.nShe deserves her fair share of respect. \"Shanla la la la la my oh my! You're looking quite too shy, you wanna Kiss the Girl.\" something behind me begins to sing. I jump anmile high, and whirl around. There, sitting on the side of the boat,nare a few slugs, singing. I glare at them then, with my fists on mynhips, my shoe tapping, and my hair a jumbled, mussed-up, nervousnmess. Ohnhow menacing I must look. \"Shanla la la la la-\" They start to sing again, but I knock them off thenboat and into the water, to make them shut up! What if Rita hears? Inswivel around on my heel and see her standing, arms folded, with anbemused smile playing across her lips. \"Whatnwas that all about, then?\" she asks. I pray to all that is Holynthat no color will rise into my face. Thankfully, my prayers arenanswered. \"Er,njust stretching my legs! You know how it is, sitting for a long timenand you grow stiff?\" I say nervously. She raises an eyebrow. Smooth,nRoddy, smooth. \"Well,nif you'd care to stay up a bit longer, I could teach you how tondrive the boat.\" She offers. I step up to the wheel. \"Soundsnlike fun.\" I say, and take hold of the steering wheel. It is warmnunder my grip, from where she had just been holding it. Inwonder if she felt the same joy in just being as near to me as I didnto her. Mostnlikely not. Sonfar, I am doing great. Granted, I am only going in a straight line,nbut it is still better than swerving. Yet, there is a corner comingnup, and I begin to get nervous. Still, I haven't crashed intonanything yet. Yet. Intake the corner a little too sharply, and start yelling while thenboat does a three-hundred and sixty degree turn and comes to a haltnagainst a wall. Somewhere, when I started turning, Rita started tonsay something, but was drowned out by my yells and the slugs', whonare shrieking in their little high, squeaky voices as the boatnpitches one way, then the other. Withna final jerk, it rights itself, and Rita loses her balance, tumblingntowards me. I catch her, and hold her to my chest about her shouldersnas the boat rights itself. When we stop, she looks up at me, and Indown at her. Both of us are breathing quite heavily, as if we havenjust completed a marathon. Her eyes bounce back and forth betweennmine, and there is an intake of breath from the slugs watching. Ifnone of them starts singing so much as one 'Sha la la,\" I am goingnto assault them. Hehnheh, assault, a-salt. I created a pun. \"Insaid to turn the wheel gently! Didn't you hear me?\" Rita is thenfirst to break the hypnotic silence and straighten herself. The slugsnlet out their breath, and I let out the one I hadn't realized I hadnbeen holding. \"Terriblynsorry, but I was a bit preoccupied with trying not to fly off thenboat!\" I huff. Rita shakes her head. \"Whatever.nLook, we're going home. It's getting late now.\" I automaticallynlook up to check the sky, and I'm slightly put-out when all I seenare the bricks, once again, from the tunnel. \"Fine,nwe'll go.\" I say and, once again, return to my seat at the backnof the boat, where I return to gazing idly at Rita, and forgettingnthat such thoughts are prohibited. Afterna while, we turn a corner or two, and I'm face-to-face with anrickety old house, different floors sliding atop one another with thensoft waves of the current down here. Inside, I see lights and hearnyelling. The house looks dangerous, but I know it's fine. This isnRita's house, and the yelling is all of her siblings, chasing eachnother about indoors and making the house rock more than the currentnever could. Shenparks the Jammy Dodger II, and we get off onto the dock placed innfront of their house. We both take a deep breath, to ready ourselves,nand then walk inside. I immediately scan the room for Shocky andnRita's grandmother. Those two are the ones I have to worry aboutnmost. I made the mistake of not checking the first time I came innafter I saved Rita and the Sewer community. Being attacked by both atnonce is a pretty painful experience. \"Thenyoung lovers return!\" shouts the brother closest to her age,nwearing a shirt bearing the name 'Bubonic Plague' and pointingndramatically in our direction. Rita and I sigh; We're used to thisnteasing by now. We let it be. Instantaneously, we are buried under anmountain of little kids. I can't breathe! I need sustenance! I neednwater! Quickly,nI untangle myself from the mass of munchkins and head for the safetynof the kitchen. Rita, after greeting each of them with a hug, followsnbehind. We reach the kitchen, only to find Rita's mother, standingnthere and polishing a plate with a dish towel. \"So,nhow was your date, you two?\" she asks. I swallow hard, in hopesnthat it brings down the blush that has arisen in my cheeks. Itndoes no such thing. \"Mum,nit was not a date.\" Rita rolls her eyes and sighs, like a kid,nexplaining why that toy is theirs. Now it is her mother's turn tonroll her eyes. \"Callnit what you will; You were out all day.\" She sounds skeptical. Incan hear it in her voice. Suddenly, I come up with an argument fornher. A valid one. \"Shenwas showing my around the tunnels. I need to memorize them if I'mnever going to get around down here. So she was helping me out.\" Insay. She raises an eyebrow, and I can tell she is still skeptical,neven though I speak the truth. Though, it was a pretty crappynexcuse. \"Alright.nJust keep it PG-13, kids.\" She warns. Then, while Rita is blushingnlike nothing I've ever seen and silently cursing the world, hernmother turns around and winks at me! I feel the color rise innmy face again. I've lost count now, how many times I've done thatnin this one day. I could probably start a record. Fornthe rest of the night, we mainly socialize with the rest of thenfamily, and I keep reminding myself to stay clear of Shocky andnGrandma, until it is time for bed. So while the children are beingnput to sleep, I go to a closet and pick out a blanket and pillow.nWhen I turn around, Rita is standing there. I start, and then try andnget my heart rate to ease down to normal again. She takes the beddingnout of my hands and starts to make up the couch, where I sleep everynnight now. \"Ifnyou wake up early tomorrow, I can take you out on the water withoutninterruptions. I can teach you to drive properly then.\" Shensays, putting an emphasis on the word properly, as if my drivingntoday was inadequate. Asnif. Ritanstands back to admire her handiwork. Even I have to admit, it isnpretty good. And I was a pet, to a family! A rich one, at that. Withnthe corners tucked in, military style. You could bounce a quarter onnit, and this is an amazing feat in itself, for the couch sags in thenmiddle, where too many little bodies have sat themselves down a fewntoo many times. Inflash her an appreciative smile over my shoulder as she walks away,nthough I think I'm too late, because she whips around the corner atnthe top of the stairs by the time I finish my gesture. I lay down onnthe couch and lock my fingers behind my head, staring at the ceiling. Inthink back to today on the boat, and all that happened. There wasnsomething about it that just… struck me. Like a bolt of lightning.nZAP! I could have sworn that I had felt a spark somewhere down thenline, and it was not at the fault of Shocky. Mynthoughts wander around aimlessly around, bouncing from one randomnthought to another, when they finally reach Sid, the rat who took mynplace. I wonder how he is doing. I have a very random image of himnbeing chased around the house by a large and white fluffy cat. Thenthought makes me chuckle, though I know that that would never happen. Evernso slowly, I feel my consciousness slide farther and farther out ofnmy reach until I am surrounded in darkness. Sid and Rita chased eachnother around my dreams, perused by a fluffy white cat, with Shocky onntop. Xxxx Inawake the next morning, groggily, to some sort of shadowed figurenstanding over me. In my barely conscious state-of-mind, I feel thenneed to protect myself. More than once, I had woken up to annunpleasant sight of Grandma hanging over me, and I was very cautiousnafter that. I bring my hand up and smack the person, whoever it was,nin attempts to make them leave me alone. Instead,nI feel something soft and smooth under my lingering hand. Inun-squinch my eyes, and am staring back into the face of none othernthan Rita, who is flinching from my impact. \"Sorry!nTerribly sorry! I thought you were someone else!\" I jump up off thencouch with amazing speed and run do the kitchen to get some ice. WhennI return, she gives me a withering glare. \"Well,nnow I'm debating on weather to teach you to drive.\" she says,nsnatching the icepack from my hand and slapping it on her face,ncausing another wince. I feel my stomach drop to my shoes when shensays this, but I don't let it show. When Rita makes a decision,nRita makes a decision. \"Inwas kidding! Pack up your stuff, because we're going to leavenbefore anyone wakes up.\" she says. My face must brighten noticeablynat this, because she laughs aloud as I run to get my sheets packedninto the closet. She is already up and standing on the deck of hernboat by the time I get outside. She revs the engine. \"Youncoming aboard?\" she asks with a grin. I leap on, not bothering tonundo the gate, and run up to the control center, standing next tonRita. She pulls out of the dock and into the open sewer waters, whichnhas no traffic on them whatsoever at this early time. \"Sonyou need to concentrate. Become one with the ship.\" Rita says, thenncloses her eyes and steers a perfect corner. I raise an eyebrow; Indidn't know inner chi is needed to drive a boat. \"Becomenone with the boat.\" Rita says cryptically from under her closedneyelids. Obviously,nthis is where all my problems are coming from. I am not skilled innthe art of conjoining bodies with inanimate objects. \"Here,nyou try.\" Rita now says, stepping out of the way of the wheel.nNervously, I take hold, and try to calm myself down, but it is notnpossible. I take a few deep breaths, and start driving. Slowly, andncautiously. \"Shanla la la la la la la la my oh my! You're-\" A single slug drops innfront of my face while I'm trying to focus on my driving and I jerknthe wheel over, and the boat almost loses control, like last night. Inquickly grab the slug and toss it into the water too, so it will stopnsinging. Rita gives me a look. \"Whatnwas that about?\" she asks. I try to keep my voice steady. I'mnreally not a very good liar. \"Itnstartled me. I try to relax and calm down, and it pops out ofnnowhere.\" I say. She doesn't look like she believes me, but dropsnthe matter regardless. Inreturn to driving, but I have thoughts swirling around in my head.nWhy do those slugs pop up at the most inopportune of moments,nanyways? It always seems that they know what I'm thinking. Maybenthey're psychic? Psychicnslugs. Hmmm… Anothernslug pops its head into my line of vision, and I glare at it, hopingnagainst hope that it won't start singing. It just stares at me,nthen retreats back to where it came. I heave a sigh of relief. Thosenslugs always seem to appear, inopportune or not. I think they maynhave some sort of obsession with me. PsychicnStalker Slugs. It has a nice ring. \"Here,nyou do it like this.\" Rita says, noticing that I'm not payingnattention. She comes up behind me and puts her hands on top of mine,nsteering the wheel for me. She's trying to teach me, I can tell.nBut she isn't getting through to me, as I'm too preoccupiedntrying to regain control of my thoughts from the sudden touch thatnleaves me breathless, as lame as it may sound. Infeel my stomach do a backflip, and then, something starts to happennto me. I have no idea what it is, though. I start feeling slightlynlight-headed, and different thoughts begin to flash through my head.nRita, the bathing suit fantasy, her mother winking at me after thencomment she had made about us, Rita, laying against my chest whilenthe boat was rocking, the slugs… Thenslugs! They and their accursed song! At this thought, the song beginsnto play in my head, creating an annoying soundtrack to go with thenimages. \"Kissnthe girl!\" the slugs in my head squeak at me. \"Kiss the girl!\" \"Roddy,nare you okay?\" Rita notices my discomfort. She's let go of mynhands now, and is standing next to me in what appears to be completenand utter confusion. Kissnthe girl. Insimply stare at her, wondering what I'm going to say. Every ideanthat pops into my head sounds stupid. Kissnthe girl . \"Roddy,nwhat's going on?\" Rita seems slightly worried now. I don'tnblame her; I'm quite worried myself. KISSnTHE GIRL. Thenvoice is louder this time. I suck up whatever courage I have left innmy body and reach forward, grabbing Rita by her shoulders and pullingnher in for a kiss. Shenstiffens as our lips meet. Instantly, my mind goes blank. No morennever-ending loop of that annoying song, no more images that make mengo crazy thinking about them, nothing. Ritanfinally relaxes, and we pull away, letting the kiss linger. She has anslight grin on her face, but nothing more. Slugs that I didn'tnrealize were watching us begin to cheer. \"Whatnwas that for?\" she asks. I draw another blank in my mind. \"Er…nSlugs… you… song…\" I can't form an actual sentence, butnRita doesn't seem to notice. She just stands there, waiting. Inglance over at one of the slugs. \"Kissnthe girl.\" I state simply. Rita raises an eyebrow. \"Kissnthe girl?\" she says. The slug, as if on cue, begins to sing. \"Shanla la la la la la la la my oh my! You're looking quite too shy! Younwant to kiss the girl! \" it sings. Rita looks at the slug,nthen to me, before a smile blossoms on her face. \"Inget it. Kiss the girl.\" she says. I have a very cheesy line in mynhead, but I choose not to say it. Instead, I take it as anninvitation. I reach down and kiss her again, and this time, she goesnright along with it. A/N:nThere you go! If you like it, raise your hand! I made it fluffy, andnI'm not very good at fluffy. Hope you like it anyways. Dedicatednto one of my friends, because we tease her with this song all thentime. She's probably crouched behind a corner or something, waitingnfor me, with a hacksaw in hand. Eithernthat, or she's going to taunt me with my own Disney song via a ficnof her own. (Oh, how I wish you wouldn't please!) Maynyour lives be merry and filled with singing slugs!","Summary":" -1 A/N:nI wrote this the night after seeing the movie in theatres, and then Inwaited until I found ","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Humor Romance  - Words: 3,199 - Reviews: 17 - Favs: 20 - Follows: 3 - Published: 4 6 2007 - Status: Complete - id: 3480100 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Family Dinner","Author":"fornwalt","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3528099","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Well, here's another fic. Actually, it's not really a fic, but more of an excerpt from the movie, with the exception of a few lines. (For some reason, I absolutely love watching a scene from the movie, then putting extra things in it. This particular one is in Rita's POV, and it's what she's thinking while Roddy is introduced to her family. So, I hope you enjoy! (When I watched this scene and decided to write a fic on it, I thought, \"It has to be in 1st person.\" Don't ask why, it just did.) PS: I do NOT own Flushed Away. If I did, I would have already made a sequel... . Family Dinner I jumped off of myrnboat easily, from years of practice. My new accomplice followed me,rnlooking at the docks nervously. I began walking towards my home,rnshifting the box in my right hand. Roddy followed somewhatrnhesitantly. \"Arernyou sure we should be stopping, with all those goons on our tail?\"rnhe asked, waving his arms around a bit for emphasis. I rolled myrneyes. \"Wernaren't going to get far without a map, are we?\" I kept my voicernsteady, patient, when really I felt like hitting him upside the headrnfor being so ignorant about travel. It's ok, Rita. It's notrnhis fault he's been Up Top all his life. Irnstarted down the plank that led to my house, shaking my head at hisrnantics. Roddy, on the other hand, stopped short when he saw thernbuilding—if you could call it that—in front of us. It swayedrndangerously, and parts of the building would lurge to the side,rncoming seriously close to falling off. It was rickety, run down, andrnclearly not safe in the least. Homernsweet home. Roddy'srneyes widened as he took this all in, \"Is that—is that a house?\" \"Yes,\"rnI responded, not even looking back as I made my way to the frontrndoor. He started after me again, and I grinned as I stepped over thernthird plank from the beginning of our porch, knowing that he wouldn'trnbe as wise, \"And it's very dangerous.\" Irntook another step onto my porch, \"So…\" I turned around just asrnRoddy hit the third step—the one that I had deliberately walkedrnover—and crashed through it, holding on by his head, hands, andrnfeet, \"Why don't you wait here?\" Hernlooked ridiculous, but I refrained from laughing as another idearnpopped into my head. \"Waitingrnhere. Excellent idea,\" he nodded in agreement as I opened the doorrnto the house and stepped halfway inside. \"Watchrnout for the piranha!\" I practically sang, and my grin widened as herncried out in fear and jumped onto the post that held the house to therndocks. He couldn't have reacted better. Well, unless he fell intornthe water, and then he'd have been wet as well as scared, butrnbeggars can't be choosers. This was going to be a fun trip. Irnclosed the door, leaving him on the post to ponder the thought of arngiant man-eating fish in the water, and turned my attention towardsrnmy siblings. \"Rita!\"rnthey cried, and I welcomingly took in the utter bedlam and confusionrnthat always seemed to occupy my house. Instantly kids were screamingrnand yelling at me, my mother, or someone else. I bent down to patrnsome of my siblings on the head, replying greetings to each of themrnin turn. Kids were jumping out of closets, climbing down stairs, evenrnflying off our fan. It was a complete and utter mess, but I lovedrnevery minute of it. That's what family was, right? Irnopened the box and began handing my findings out to my brothers andrnsisters, \"Here you go, Annie. You too, Shamus,\" I looked andrnnoticed a little girl with bright red hair in pigtails picking herrnnose, and I grabbed her by the back of her shirt, easily lifting herrnoff the ground, \"Mimi, get your finger out of your nose.\" Myrnlargest, but still younger, brother approached me, looking at my boxrncuriously. I smiled at him, putting down Mimi, \"Hello Fergus,\" hernnodded at me and quietly picked out an item from the box, a pinkrnheart or something. Grinning at his new toy, he skated off, and Irnturned to point an accusing finger at another sibling. \"Jojo,rnno biting!\" I reprimanded, shaking the finger at her. She ignoredrnme, of course, but with all the commotion I wasn't surprised. Therncabinet where most people keep their nice dishes opened up, and aboutrntwenty more little kids popped out, leaping at the fan and runningrnaround the room, shouting my name and giving my legs hugs. I wincedrnas one of my many little brothers flew off of the fan and landed flatrnon the wall just left of the England poster, sliding down it asrngravity took over. Another brother, one of the older ones, was sawingrna younger brother in half, and a little girl's head popped out ofrnthe part where his body should have disappeared. \"Rita'srnback!\" she cried out, as if nobody had noticed before now. I shookrnmy head, lightly noticing that Mimi still had her finger in her nose,rnbut what else was new? Suddenly,rnmum came running out of the kitchen, arms outstretched as she greetedrnme, \"Rita!\" \"Mum,rnoh Mum!\" I held my arms out as well, and she engulfed me in a hug. \"Thankrngoodness you're safe!\" she said, letting go of me. The previousrnevents flashed through my mind, and I forced a smile on my face. \"Nothingrnexciting happened,\" I lied to her, pretending that the day had beenrnmuch more boring than it really was. Shernsmiled at me, still holding my arms comfortingly, and my dad rolledrnhimself out of the kitchen, \"Rita!\" he exclaimed, and I grinnedrnas I noticed his hands fitting through the hand slots on either sidernof the door frame. One of my siblings had carved them out when my dadrnhad broken his bones, and apparently it was immensely helpful. \"Hello,rnDad,\" I responded, and mum let go as I walked a step forward torngive him a hug as well. By now, the kids had scattered, and he hadrnplenty of room to roll around in. \"Givernus a hug, girl!\" he exclaimed, rolling himself forward. Just then,rnFergus decided to skate to the other end of the room, and the houserntilted in that direction. My dad flew forward, slamming into thernwall. I winced as he fell off of it, followed by one of my brothers,rnand another sister. I shook my head at this, thinking, Only in myrnhouse… Then, I noticed Roddy standing by the window, peeringrninto the house with shock. Myrnbrother—the one who had been pinned to the wall by dad—jumped uprnand pointed accusingly at Roddy, \"Oi, Mum! There's a peeping tomrnoutside!\" Roddy's look changed from shocked to startled at thernstatement. Mumrnpeered around my brother to see him, a smile growing on her face.rnSuddenly, my grandmother popped up out of nowhere and pushed us bothrnaside, \"Tom?! Ohh!!! It's Tom Jones!!!\" she exclaimed in thatrncrazy way that she always talked, running to the window with claspedrnhands. \"Mother,rnit's not Tom Jones,\" Mum said, pulling my grandmother backrntowards us so as not to scare Roddy off. I bit my lip and lookedrnsideways at her. \"That's…rnthat's just my passenger,\" I stated, acting like it was no bigrndeal. Roddy breathed on the window and wiped away the fog that formedrnwith his hand, still watching us with interest. Mumrnforced my grandmother back down, then smiled at me, still looking atrnRoddy, \"He's very good-looking.\" She said matter-of-factly. Irnshook my head, folding my arms. \"Hernis not coming in,\" I raised my eyebrows, daring her to sayrnotherwise. She looked at me, then back at Roddy, and her smile grew. Ofrncourse she would say otherwise. \"Soup'srnon!\" someone called, and the dinnertime chatter began. Roddy lookedrnat everyone with interest, his smile bigger than I'd ever seen. Hernlooked sideways at me, and I sent him my most threatening glare,rnfists formed, hunched over slightly. He continued to stare, and Irnsighed in defeat, looking away and putting my cheek in my right hand. \"It'srnlovely, thanks mum!\" another sibling said, and agreements flewrnacross the table as the house rocked from Fergus's skating. Irnnoticed the soup bowl coming my way, worn and chipped, and I pickedrnup my spoon. Roddy readied his, still clearly confused. It slid rightrnby him, but I got a sip from pure experience. He looked shocked as itrnpassed, but said nothing. The bowl almost slid off the table at dad'srnend, but Fergus chose that moment to skate in the opposite direction,rnsending the bowl back down. Thisrntime Roddy seemed ready, and for a split second I wondered if hernwould actually get some food. I grabbed some, but he struck a secondrntoo late and hit only the table. I wanted to laugh, but I knew thatrnonly family would be able to get food on the first try every night,rnand only if they were older. Arnsister with short brown hair and a snobby look peered at Roddy, thenrnat me, and then back at Roddy. She folded her arms and sneered, \"So,rnhow long have you been Rita's boyfriend?\" Irnscowled, thumping my spoon against the table, \"He's not myrnboyfriend,\" I said sternly. She stuck her tongue out at me, and Irnrolled my eyes. Roddy stayed quiet, watching this exchange of words,rna smile on his face. \"So,\"rndad spoke up, raising his voice a bit to be heard, \"Are you goingrnto make an honest woman of my daughter?\" Myrneyes widened in exasperation, \"Dad!\" My siblings, I could seernsaying something like that, but my own father?! Roddyrngrinned and put his arm around me as I stared at the table inrnirritation, \"Well, we were sort of thinking of a spring wedding,rnweren't we, cream puff?\" Inrnone quick motion, I flung my spoon back and slapped him on the nose.rnIt must have stung, because he removed his hand and began to rub it,rnlooking hurt and smugly pleased at the same time. I started at myrndad, moving my gaze to each of my siblings. \"Look,rnI just want all of you to know that he's—\" \"TomrnJonnnnneeesss!!!\" my grandmother cried, standing up and choosingrnthat exact moment to slam her hands down on the table, headrntwitching. Unfortunately, the soup bowl happened to be in front ofrnher at the moment, so her hands went into the food instead. Mumrnwatched with an amused smile as one of my brothers moved to get arnspoonful of the soup. I groaned in exasperation and slapped my handrnto my forehead, leaning heavily against the table. Myrnbrother, the one who had called Roddy a 'peeping tom', turned tornhim and stared, \"So you're name's 'Roddy', is that right?\" Roddyrnnodded, \"Yes, that's right. Roddy St. James.\" \"Whatrna beautiful name,\" mum leaned against her cheek, cradling a baby inrnthe other arm and staring at Roddy, casting subliminal messagesrnthrough her eyes at me. I groaned and burrowed my head further intornmy hand. \"Hi,rnRoddy!\" a little boy with fire-red hair, spiked to stand uprnstraight, approached him. I shot up at the voice, frowning as Irnrecognized it. \"Andrnwho might you be, little chap?\" he asked, all friendly. Irnstared at the other end of the table, away from the disaster that Irnknew was approaching. \"Theyrncall me Shocky,\" he stated innocently, staring at Roddy with hisrnbig green eyes. I allowed my own green eyes to trail over to him. Irncouldn't pass up an opportunity like this. Roddyrnblinked, \"And why do they call you that?\" Irncringed as Shocky pulled out a 9 volt battery and two plugs, pinchingrnRoddy's chest with them and sending strong shocks through his body,rn\"Shocky!\" he cried, doing it two more times before grabbing hisrnbattery and bolting, leaving Roddy shaking and panting from thernexperience. Despiternmy best efforts, I had to lean down to see if he was okay. He seemedrnto be recovering nicely, so I picked up my spoon and grabbed a sip ofrnthe soup as it careened by once more. \"Rita,rnwhere're you taking this handsome young man then, eh?\" my dadrnspoke up once more. The bowl arrived at him, and Shocky put a strawrninto it while another brother pushed his wheelchair forward, allowingrnhim to take a sip. Irnhesitated, \"Well… Actually, that's why I need your maps, dad,\"rnI put on my most charming smile, \"Because he's from… uh…\" Irnlowered my voice and cleared my throat, \"Up Top.\" Myrndad spit out the soup in his mouth, splashing everyone with the brownrngoop. The table fell silent, something that didn't happen often,rnand he glared at me, \"Kitchen. Now. \" Roddyrnsent me an apologetic look as I scooted out of my chair and began forrnthe kitched. My grandmother put her hands together, staring at himrndreamily, \"Oh, sing us a song, Tom!!!\" she crooned, and mumrnnodded enthusiastically. Irnwalked into the kitchen, standing by the countertop as my dad rolledrnin, \"What are you thinking, Rita?\" he demanded, \"The trip tornget Up Top is too dangerous!\" Irnfolded my arms stubbornly, \"I'm not saying it isn't risky.\" Hernshook his head, \"But it's impossible, Rita!\" he slid backwards,rnhitting the wall as Fergus continued to skate around, \"No one's ever got past the rapids at High Punk. Once the current getsrnyou—\" Irncut him off, \"Dad, dad! He's gonna pay us!\" I turned him aroundrnto face me, and he hit the opposite wall, next to the table, as Irnrubbed my fingers together to show what I meant. Dadrnscowled, \"For the last time! We don't. Need. The. Money!\" hernbanged his fist on the table at every word for emphasis. At the finalrnthump, the table collapsed to the ground, and the stove door openedrnsimultaneously. With the weight of the door throwing it off balance,rnthe stove toppled forward and fell through the floor, into the waterrnbelow. Therncockroach behind our stove pulled his smoking pipe out of his mouthrnand looked up from his paper, at us, \"A new stove might be nice.\" Smugly,rnknowing I had won this argument, I turned back to my dad. He wasrnlooking at the hole in the floor in shock, and I raised my eyebrow asrnhe grinned sheepishly at me. Suddenly,rnI heard a new, strange sound coming from the living room. It soundedrnalmost like… singing. I quickly peeked my head around the corner ofrnthe kitchen, looking in pure surprise as I saw Roddy, parading on therntable, loudly singing She's a Lady by, you guessed it; TomrnJones. All of my siblings, and even my mother and grandmother, werernclapping their hands—out of beat, I might add—and cheering up arnstorm. Oncernthe surprise had passed, I felt astonishment that someone could fitrnso well into my family. Not only was he patient with kids, but herncould entertain as well. Maybe he wasn't so bad after all. I wincedrnas someone, probably my grandmother, threw a pair of underpants atrnhim. He peeled them off and instantly incorporated them into hisrnsong, breaking off into a new verse about them. The cheering gotrnlouder, and I tilted my head in thought. Justrnthen, the flowers beside me moved, and I glanced over to see Liamrnstanding inside a flower pot, with the soil and flowers on his headrnlike a hat. An eyebrow rose as I stared in disbelief at him. \"Psst!rnRita!\" he whispered urgently, poking his head further out of thernpot, \"It's okay, it's me, Liam.\" Irnkept the eyebrow raised, thinking, Of course I know who you are,rnyou idiot. I'm your sisterBut I kept quiet. \"Quick,rnin the kitchen!\" he scuttled into the room, and with a shake of myrnhead and another quick glance at Roddy, I followed. Liamrnstood by the window, still inside the flower pot, waving a piece ofrnpaper around, \"This bloke isn't who he says he is!\" Irnfolded my arms as I listened to him. Why, do you ask? I often askrnmyself the same thing. \"His real name is Millicent Bystander, and he's an internationalrnjewel thief,\" he opened the paper to show dad and I a crudely drawnrnpicture of Roddy holding a ruby in his left hand. I raised my hand tornmy chin as I tried to think of where I remembered that name from. \"arncriminal mastermind, a secret criminal,\" Liam continued, unfazed byrnour disbelieving expressions. Then it hit me. That was what Whiteyrnhad called Roddy, back when he had captured us on my boat! I groanedrnat this thought and what he was still babbling about, thinking aboutrnhow absurd it was, \"They say he crossed the Toad and got away withrnit.\" Irnrolled my eyes, thinking, I did that too, Sherlock, and you don'trncall me a jewel thief! But my father was listening too, and Irncouldn't just blurt something like that out. Liam sunk back downrninto his pot, still talking, \"He's a dangerous man, but don'trnthink of it. I've got a plan…\" he trailed off as he turned awayrnand began walking towards the window. \"Really?\"rndad asked, sounding almost as exasperated as I felt, \"And whatrnmight that be?\" \"Well,rnlook at this,\" Liam showed him the flyer that he had clearly drawnrnjust a moment ago, \"It says here that there's a huge payment forrnanyone who turns 'im in!\" Irnstared at him, \"Great!\" I put a lot of emphasis on the word, \"So,rnI hand Roddy over to the Toad, obtain the reward, then we're allrnset and pretty for the rest of our lives!\" I finished my pacingrncircle and leaned on my father's bandaged up left arm with my own,rn\"Is that the idea?\" Liam nodded fiercely. \"Yeah!rnThe Toad'll pay a fortune for him, and he's a bad one anyway,rnso—so it's all right, isn't it really?\" Dad'srneyes narrowed, and he wheeled forward to slap Liam across the head,rn\"Why, you tricky little monkey!\" he missed, as Liam jumpedrnbackwards to avoid the blow. I put one hand on my hip and shook myrnhead as dad continued, \"I won't have no son of mine acting thernrat .\" Irnstepped in, waving a finger at Liam as he turned away from us,rntowards the window, \"We Malones never go back on our word,\" Irnreminded him, crossing my arms. \"He'srngonna steal your boat,\" Liam said in a warning voice. \"Hernwon't steal my boat.\" \"He'srnstealing your boat.\" Irnrolled my eyes, \"He isn't stealing my—\" \"Hernstole your boat,\" Liam interrupted, smiling at the thought. Irnran forward, pushing the flowers out of the way, only to see that forrnonce, what Liam said was true. Roddy was in my boat,rntrying—very shabbily, I might add—to drive it out of the harbor,rn\"What?!\" I exclaimed in surprise and anger. \"It'srnlike Robin Hood, in reverse,\" Liam murmured thoughtfully. Irncried out angrily and bolted for the door, only to see that severalrnof my siblings had beat me to it. They stood crowded at the dock, butrnluckily I was the oldest, and tallest, so I easily saw over theirrnheads. Putting my hands to my face to shout louder, I yelled, \"Oi!rnI thought we had a deal!\" Roddyrnturned around, holding our soup bowl with some spoons in it. Faintly,rnI wondered why he had those, then shook it off for more pressingrnmatters. He glared at me, \"So did I!\" Andrnhe drove my boat away. I watched him go, fury running through myrnveins, my fists clenched. Then I heard dad shouting out, andrninstinctively stepped aside so that he could pass, not evenrnconsidering the fact that he would roll right off the dock.rnApparently my siblings had forgotten as well, and he barreled rightrnpast us and into the water. Myrngrandmother came running, clutching a red flotation device in herrnright hand, \"This is an emergency! Get out of the way! Emergency,rnEmergency! Stay clear!\" she dove into the water, and my dad'srneyes lightened at the idea of being pulled out of the water. Instead,rnshe swam right past him—at a frightening speed—and tore off afterrnmy boat, shouting, \"I'm coming, Mr. Jones, I'm coming! Oh,rnmarry me, Mr. Jones!!!\" Irnwatched her go, and it only added fuel to the fire. I jumped up andrnsent the boat my most furious glare, clenching my fists so hard thatrnI would have winced from the pain if I wasn't so mad, \"Ohh…rnRoddy!!!!\" Hernwas dead meat. A/N: There you are. :) I hope you liked this fic. Please review and tell me what you think. Thanks for reading!","LastChapter":"A/N: Well, here's another fic. Actually, it's not really a fic, but more of an excerpt from the movie, with the exception of a few lines. (For some reason, I absolutely love watching a scene from the movie, then putting extra things in it. This particular one is in Rita's POV, and it's what she's thinking while Roddy is introduced to her family. So, I hope you enjoy! (When I watched this scene and decided to write a fic on it, I thought, \"It has to be in 1st person.\" Don't ask why, it just did.) PS: I do NOT own Flushed Away. If I did, I would have already made a sequel... . Family Dinner I jumped off of myrnboat easily, from years of practice. My new accomplice followed me,rnlooking at the docks nervously. I began walking towards my home,rnshifting the box in my right hand. Roddy followed somewhatrnhesitantly. \"Arernyou sure we should be stopping, with all those goons on our tail?\"rnhe asked, waving his arms around a bit for emphasis. I rolled myrneyes. \"Wernaren't going to get far without a map, are we?\" I kept my voicernsteady, patient, when really I felt like hitting him upside the headrnfor being so ignorant about travel. It's ok, Rita. It's notrnhis fault he's been Up Top all his life. Irnstarted down the plank that led to my house, shaking my head at hisrnantics. Roddy, on the other hand, stopped short when he saw thernbuilding—if you could call it that—in front of us. It swayedrndangerously, and parts of the building would lurge to the side,rncoming seriously close to falling off. It was rickety, run down, andrnclearly not safe in the least. Homernsweet home. Roddy'srneyes widened as he took this all in, \"Is that—is that a house?\" \"Yes,\"rnI responded, not even looking back as I made my way to the frontrndoor. He started after me again, and I grinned as I stepped over thernthird plank from the beginning of our porch, knowing that he wouldn'trnbe as wise, \"And it's very dangerous.\" Irntook another step onto my porch, \"So…\" I turned around just asrnRoddy hit the third step—the one that I had deliberately walkedrnover—and crashed through it, holding on by his head, hands, andrnfeet, \"Why don't you wait here?\" Hernlooked ridiculous, but I refrained from laughing as another idearnpopped into my head. \"Waitingrnhere. Excellent idea,\" he nodded in agreement as I opened the doorrnto the house and stepped halfway inside. \"Watchrnout for the piranha!\" I practically sang, and my grin widened as herncried out in fear and jumped onto the post that held the house to therndocks. He couldn't have reacted better. Well, unless he fell intornthe water, and then he'd have been wet as well as scared, butrnbeggars can't be choosers. This was going to be a fun trip. Irnclosed the door, leaving him on the post to ponder the thought of arngiant man-eating fish in the water, and turned my attention towardsrnmy siblings. \"Rita!\"rnthey cried, and I welcomingly took in the utter bedlam and confusionrnthat always seemed to occupy my house. Instantly kids were screamingrnand yelling at me, my mother, or someone else. I bent down to patrnsome of my siblings on the head, replying greetings to each of themrnin turn. Kids were jumping out of closets, climbing down stairs, evenrnflying off our fan. It was a complete and utter mess, but I lovedrnevery minute of it. That's what family was, right? Irnopened the box and began handing my findings out to my brothers andrnsisters, \"Here you go, Annie. You too, Shamus,\" I looked andrnnoticed a little girl with bright red hair in pigtails picking herrnnose, and I grabbed her by the back of her shirt, easily lifting herrnoff the ground, \"Mimi, get your finger out of your nose.\" Myrnlargest, but still younger, brother approached me, looking at my boxrncuriously. I smiled at him, putting down Mimi, \"Hello Fergus,\" hernnodded at me and quietly picked out an item from the box, a pinkrnheart or something. Grinning at his new toy, he skated off, and Irnturned to point an accusing finger at another sibling. \"Jojo,rnno biting!\" I reprimanded, shaking the finger at her. She ignoredrnme, of course, but with all the commotion I wasn't surprised. Therncabinet where most people keep their nice dishes opened up, and aboutrntwenty more little kids popped out, leaping at the fan and runningrnaround the room, shouting my name and giving my legs hugs. I wincedrnas one of my many little brothers flew off of the fan and landed flatrnon the wall just left of the England poster, sliding down it asrngravity took over. Another brother, one of the older ones, was sawingrna younger brother in half, and a little girl's head popped out ofrnthe part where his body should have disappeared. \"Rita'srnback!\" she cried out, as if nobody had noticed before now. I shookrnmy head, lightly noticing that Mimi still had her finger in her nose,rnbut what else was new? Suddenly,rnmum came running out of the kitchen, arms outstretched as she greetedrnme, \"Rita!\" \"Mum,rnoh Mum!\" I held my arms out as well, and she engulfed me in a hug. \"Thankrngoodness you're safe!\" she said, letting go of me. The previousrnevents flashed through my mind, and I forced a smile on my face. \"Nothingrnexciting happened,\" I lied to her, pretending that the day had beenrnmuch more boring than it really was. Shernsmiled at me, still holding my arms comfortingly, and my dad rolledrnhimself out of the kitchen, \"Rita!\" he exclaimed, and I grinnedrnas I noticed his hands fitting through the hand slots on either sidernof the door frame. One of my siblings had carved them out when my dadrnhad broken his bones, and apparently it was immensely helpful. \"Hello,rnDad,\" I responded, and mum let go as I walked a step forward torngive him a hug as well. By now, the kids had scattered, and he hadrnplenty of room to roll around in. \"Givernus a hug, girl!\" he exclaimed, rolling himself forward. Just then,rnFergus decided to skate to the other end of the room, and the houserntilted in that direction. My dad flew forward, slamming into thernwall. I winced as he fell off of it, followed by one of my brothers,rnand another sister. I shook my head at this, thinking, Only in myrnhouse… Then, I noticed Roddy standing by the window, peeringrninto the house with shock. Myrnbrother—the one who had been pinned to the wall by dad—jumped uprnand pointed accusingly at Roddy, \"Oi, Mum! There's a peeping tomrnoutside!\" Roddy's look changed from shocked to startled at thernstatement. Mumrnpeered around my brother to see him, a smile growing on her face.rnSuddenly, my grandmother popped up out of nowhere and pushed us bothrnaside, \"Tom?! Ohh!!! It's Tom Jones!!!\" she exclaimed in thatrncrazy way that she always talked, running to the window with claspedrnhands. \"Mother,rnit's not Tom Jones,\" Mum said, pulling my grandmother backrntowards us so as not to scare Roddy off. I bit my lip and lookedrnsideways at her. \"That's…rnthat's just my passenger,\" I stated, acting like it was no bigrndeal. Roddy breathed on the window and wiped away the fog that formedrnwith his hand, still watching us with interest. Mumrnforced my grandmother back down, then smiled at me, still looking atrnRoddy, \"He's very good-looking.\" She said matter-of-factly. Irnshook my head, folding my arms. \"Hernis not coming in,\" I raised my eyebrows, daring her to sayrnotherwise. She looked at me, then back at Roddy, and her smile grew. Ofrncourse she would say otherwise. \"Soup'srnon!\" someone called, and the dinnertime chatter began. Roddy lookedrnat everyone with interest, his smile bigger than I'd ever seen. Hernlooked sideways at me, and I sent him my most threatening glare,rnfists formed, hunched over slightly. He continued to stare, and Irnsighed in defeat, looking away and putting my cheek in my right hand. \"It'srnlovely, thanks mum!\" another sibling said, and agreements flewrnacross the table as the house rocked from Fergus's skating. Irnnoticed the soup bowl coming my way, worn and chipped, and I pickedrnup my spoon. Roddy readied his, still clearly confused. It slid rightrnby him, but I got a sip from pure experience. He looked shocked as itrnpassed, but said nothing. The bowl almost slid off the table at dad'srnend, but Fergus chose that moment to skate in the opposite direction,rnsending the bowl back down. Thisrntime Roddy seemed ready, and for a split second I wondered if hernwould actually get some food. I grabbed some, but he struck a secondrntoo late and hit only the table. I wanted to laugh, but I knew thatrnonly family would be able to get food on the first try every night,rnand only if they were older. Arnsister with short brown hair and a snobby look peered at Roddy, thenrnat me, and then back at Roddy. She folded her arms and sneered, \"So,rnhow long have you been Rita's boyfriend?\" Irnscowled, thumping my spoon against the table, \"He's not myrnboyfriend,\" I said sternly. She stuck her tongue out at me, and Irnrolled my eyes. Roddy stayed quiet, watching this exchange of words,rna smile on his face. \"So,\"rndad spoke up, raising his voice a bit to be heard, \"Are you goingrnto make an honest woman of my daughter?\" Myrneyes widened in exasperation, \"Dad!\" My siblings, I could seernsaying something like that, but my own father?! Roddyrngrinned and put his arm around me as I stared at the table inrnirritation, \"Well, we were sort of thinking of a spring wedding,rnweren't we, cream puff?\" Inrnone quick motion, I flung my spoon back and slapped him on the nose.rnIt must have stung, because he removed his hand and began to rub it,rnlooking hurt and smugly pleased at the same time. I started at myrndad, moving my gaze to each of my siblings. \"Look,rnI just want all of you to know that he's—\" \"TomrnJonnnnneeesss!!!\" my grandmother cried, standing up and choosingrnthat exact moment to slam her hands down on the table, headrntwitching. Unfortunately, the soup bowl happened to be in front ofrnher at the moment, so her hands went into the food instead. Mumrnwatched with an amused smile as one of my brothers moved to get arnspoonful of the soup. I groaned in exasperation and slapped my handrnto my forehead, leaning heavily against the table. Myrnbrother, the one who had called Roddy a 'peeping tom', turned tornhim and stared, \"So you're name's 'Roddy', is that right?\" Roddyrnnodded, \"Yes, that's right. Roddy St. James.\" \"Whatrna beautiful name,\" mum leaned against her cheek, cradling a baby inrnthe other arm and staring at Roddy, casting subliminal messagesrnthrough her eyes at me. I groaned and burrowed my head further intornmy hand. \"Hi,rnRoddy!\" a little boy with fire-red hair, spiked to stand uprnstraight, approached him. I shot up at the voice, frowning as Irnrecognized it. \"Andrnwho might you be, little chap?\" he asked, all friendly. Irnstared at the other end of the table, away from the disaster that Irnknew was approaching. \"Theyrncall me Shocky,\" he stated innocently, staring at Roddy with hisrnbig green eyes. I allowed my own green eyes to trail over to him. Irncouldn't pass up an opportunity like this. Roddyrnblinked, \"And why do they call you that?\" Irncringed as Shocky pulled out a 9 volt battery and two plugs, pinchingrnRoddy's chest with them and sending strong shocks through his body,rn\"Shocky!\" he cried, doing it two more times before grabbing hisrnbattery and bolting, leaving Roddy shaking and panting from thernexperience. Despiternmy best efforts, I had to lean down to see if he was okay. He seemedrnto be recovering nicely, so I picked up my spoon and grabbed a sip ofrnthe soup as it careened by once more. \"Rita,rnwhere're you taking this handsome young man then, eh?\" my dadrnspoke up once more. The bowl arrived at him, and Shocky put a strawrninto it while another brother pushed his wheelchair forward, allowingrnhim to take a sip. Irnhesitated, \"Well… Actually, that's why I need your maps, dad,\"rnI put on my most charming smile, \"Because he's from… uh…\" Irnlowered my voice and cleared my throat, \"Up Top.\" Myrndad spit out the soup in his mouth, splashing everyone with the brownrngoop. The table fell silent, something that didn't happen often,rnand he glared at me, \"Kitchen. Now. \" Roddyrnsent me an apologetic look as I scooted out of my chair and began forrnthe kitched. My grandmother put her hands together, staring at himrndreamily, \"Oh, sing us a song, Tom!!!\" she crooned, and mumrnnodded enthusiastically. Irnwalked into the kitchen, standing by the countertop as my dad rolledrnin, \"What are you thinking, Rita?\" he demanded, \"The trip tornget Up Top is too dangerous!\" Irnfolded my arms stubbornly, \"I'm not saying it isn't risky.\" Hernshook his head, \"But it's impossible, Rita!\" he slid backwards,rnhitting the wall as Fergus continued to skate around, \"No one's ever got past the rapids at High Punk. Once the current getsrnyou—\" Irncut him off, \"Dad, dad! He's gonna pay us!\" I turned him aroundrnto face me, and he hit the opposite wall, next to the table, as Irnrubbed my fingers together to show what I meant. Dadrnscowled, \"For the last time! We don't. Need. The. Money!\" hernbanged his fist on the table at every word for emphasis. At the finalrnthump, the table collapsed to the ground, and the stove door openedrnsimultaneously. With the weight of the door throwing it off balance,rnthe stove toppled forward and fell through the floor, into the waterrnbelow. Therncockroach behind our stove pulled his smoking pipe out of his mouthrnand looked up from his paper, at us, \"A new stove might be nice.\" Smugly,rnknowing I had won this argument, I turned back to my dad. He wasrnlooking at the hole in the floor in shock, and I raised my eyebrow asrnhe grinned sheepishly at me. Suddenly,rnI heard a new, strange sound coming from the living room. It soundedrnalmost like… singing. I quickly peeked my head around the corner ofrnthe kitchen, looking in pure surprise as I saw Roddy, parading on therntable, loudly singing She's a Lady by, you guessed it; TomrnJones. All of my siblings, and even my mother and grandmother, werernclapping their hands—out of beat, I might add—and cheering up arnstorm. Oncernthe surprise had passed, I felt astonishment that someone could fitrnso well into my family. Not only was he patient with kids, but herncould entertain as well. Maybe he wasn't so bad after all. I wincedrnas someone, probably my grandmother, threw a pair of underpants atrnhim. He peeled them off and instantly incorporated them into hisrnsong, breaking off into a new verse about them. The cheering gotrnlouder, and I tilted my head in thought. Justrnthen, the flowers beside me moved, and I glanced over to see Liamrnstanding inside a flower pot, with the soil and flowers on his headrnlike a hat. An eyebrow rose as I stared in disbelief at him. \"Psst!rnRita!\" he whispered urgently, poking his head further out of thernpot, \"It's okay, it's me, Liam.\" Irnkept the eyebrow raised, thinking, Of course I know who you are,rnyou idiot. I'm your sisterBut I kept quiet. \"Quick,rnin the kitchen!\" he scuttled into the room, and with a shake of myrnhead and another quick glance at Roddy, I followed. Liamrnstood by the window, still inside the flower pot, waving a piece ofrnpaper around, \"This bloke isn't who he says he is!\" Irnfolded my arms as I listened to him. Why, do you ask? I often askrnmyself the same thing. \"His real name is Millicent Bystander, and he's an internationalrnjewel thief,\" he opened the paper to show dad and I a crudely drawnrnpicture of Roddy holding a ruby in his left hand. I raised my hand tornmy chin as I tried to think of where I remembered that name from. \"arncriminal mastermind, a secret criminal,\" Liam continued, unfazed byrnour disbelieving expressions. Then it hit me. That was what Whiteyrnhad called Roddy, back when he had captured us on my boat! I groanedrnat this thought and what he was still babbling about, thinking aboutrnhow absurd it was, \"They say he crossed the Toad and got away withrnit.\" Irnrolled my eyes, thinking, I did that too, Sherlock, and you don'trncall me a jewel thief! But my father was listening too, and Irncouldn't just blurt something like that out. Liam sunk back downrninto his pot, still talking, \"He's a dangerous man, but don'trnthink of it. I've got a plan…\" he trailed off as he turned awayrnand began walking towards the window. \"Really?\"rndad asked, sounding almost as exasperated as I felt, \"And whatrnmight that be?\" \"Well,rnlook at this,\" Liam showed him the flyer that he had clearly drawnrnjust a moment ago, \"It says here that there's a huge payment forrnanyone who turns 'im in!\" Irnstared at him, \"Great!\" I put a lot of emphasis on the word, \"So,rnI hand Roddy over to the Toad, obtain the reward, then we're allrnset and pretty for the rest of our lives!\" I finished my pacingrncircle and leaned on my father's bandaged up left arm with my own,rn\"Is that the idea?\" Liam nodded fiercely. \"Yeah!rnThe Toad'll pay a fortune for him, and he's a bad one anyway,rnso—so it's all right, isn't it really?\" Dad'srneyes narrowed, and he wheeled forward to slap Liam across the head,rn\"Why, you tricky little monkey!\" he missed, as Liam jumpedrnbackwards to avoid the blow. I put one hand on my hip and shook myrnhead as dad continued, \"I won't have no son of mine acting thernrat .\" Irnstepped in, waving a finger at Liam as he turned away from us,rntowards the window, \"We Malones never go back on our word,\" Irnreminded him, crossing my arms. \"He'srngonna steal your boat,\" Liam said in a warning voice. \"Hernwon't steal my boat.\" \"He'srnstealing your boat.\" Irnrolled my eyes, \"He isn't stealing my—\" \"Hernstole your boat,\" Liam interrupted, smiling at the thought. Irnran forward, pushing the flowers out of the way, only to see that forrnonce, what Liam said was true. Roddy was in my boat,rntrying—very shabbily, I might add—to drive it out of the harbor,rn\"What?!\" I exclaimed in surprise and anger. \"It'srnlike Robin Hood, in reverse,\" Liam murmured thoughtfully. Irncried out angrily and bolted for the door, only to see that severalrnof my siblings had beat me to it. They stood crowded at the dock, butrnluckily I was the oldest, and tallest, so I easily saw over theirrnheads. Putting my hands to my face to shout louder, I yelled, \"Oi!rnI thought we had a deal!\" Roddyrnturned around, holding our soup bowl with some spoons in it. Faintly,rnI wondered why he had those, then shook it off for more pressingrnmatters. He glared at me, \"So did I!\" Andrnhe drove my boat away. I watched him go, fury running through myrnveins, my fists clenched. Then I heard dad shouting out, andrninstinctively stepped aside so that he could pass, not evenrnconsidering the fact that he would roll right off the dock.rnApparently my siblings had forgotten as well, and he barreled rightrnpast us and into the water. Myrngrandmother came running, clutching a red flotation device in herrnright hand, \"This is an emergency! Get out of the way! Emergency,rnEmergency! Stay clear!\" she dove into the water, and my dad'srneyes lightened at the idea of being pulled out of the water. Instead,rnshe swam right past him—at a frightening speed—and tore off afterrnmy boat, shouting, \"I'm coming, Mr. Jones, I'm coming! Oh,rnmarry me, Mr. Jones!!!\" Irnwatched her go, and it only added fuel to the fire. I jumped up andrnsent the boat my most furious glare, clenching my fists so hard thatrnI would have winced from the pain if I wasn't so mad, \"Ohh…rnRoddy!!!!\" Hernwas dead meat. A/N: There you are. :) I hope you liked this fic. Please review and tell me what you think. Thanks for reading!","Summary":" A/N: Well, here's another fic. Actually, it's not really a fic, but more of an excerpt from the mov","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K - English - Humor Drama  - Words: 3,680 - Reviews: 7 - Favs: 11 - Follows: 2 - Published: 5 7 2007 - Status: Complete - id: 3528099 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Little Wonders","Author":"Dana Kathrine Scully","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3954252","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary:Self Explanatory! ----- Peace overwhelmed thensenses of a young female rat. Never before had she felt this waynbefore. Human activity above the sewer world gently vibrated thenconcrete shores, sending little waves to lap against the side of hernboat. She wasn't the only one feeling the peace and serenity. Sitting opposite her wasnher first mate. He stared into space toward the back of the boat. Thentwo were the most famous rats in the sewer world, and every villiannwanted to terminate them. On their way to deliver a rat from thengirl's past back to the human world, the two hadn't encountered anynsort of danger. Rita Malone knew this ratnfrom her previous years had to go back to where he came from. IfnGabriel decided to pursue Rita, it'd be a bloodbath. Gabe would startncornering Rita, then Roddy would come to the rescue(like she neededntwo males fighting over her) and then everything'd be a mess. Rita felt it was time tonbring up the anchor and get moving. \"C'mon, you two. Getnup and c'mon, let's get going!\" \"What? What's goingnon?\" Roddy mumbled as he snapped out of his trance. \"Sure. Anything,nRita.\" Gabriel oozed. Rita wanted to throw up, preferably onnhim. \"Shut up and get tonwork.\" Rita hissed. Gabriel and Roddy set to work, reluctant ofnworking with each other. \"Scoot over. You're hogging mynspace.\"\"No, you scoot!\" the two quarreled. \"Boys,\" Ritancalled from the cockpit. \"I swear to you, you're acting likenfive year-olds.\" Roddy starighned up, grinned and bore it whilenGabriel still hunched over, half pouting. Rita decided to tease him. \"Now, Tommy, we don'tnpout in public. Seriously, Gabriel. Grow up!!\" Gabriel jumpednwhen Sid came up from below deck. \"Fixed the leak below deck,\"nhe announced. \"Good work, Sid.\"nRita told Sid. \"I don't know aboutnthe rest of you, but I'm getting hungry. Anyone else need anything?\" Gabriel and Roddy pullednup the anchor. Gabriel piped up eagerly. \"I could do withnsomething to eat,\" Sid started below decknagain. \"Then come get it yourself.\" Rita steered the boatnsilently. She and Roddy were alone on the deck, and neither onenspoke. Rita refused to talk to Roddy, and Roddy was just afraid tontalk to Rita. The two had gotten in a fight over resposibilities andnauthority, and Rita wasn't about to forgive him for what he had done.nHe had started steering the Dodger while Rita was below deck chargingnan extra engine power-up. Roddy gulped and attemped to scrapentogether an apology. Only Roddy knew what hadnREALLY happened. Gabriel had gotten a hold of some substance thatnstuck to flesh and bonded instantly and was almost impossible to getnoff, but Rita had come up just in time to find Roddy stuck and withnmuch effort, pulled him hard enough to get his hands unstuck from thenwheel. Rita was convinced that he had been refusing to let go, butnRoddy knew he couldn't, and Gabriel knew he couldn't. Rita, I-\" Roddy triednto use the best diction he could, admitting that what he did wasnwrong, ever even touching thenwheel. \"I know what I did was wrong. Gabriel said you needednsomething up here by the wheel,\"(which Gabriel had said whennRita hadn't said anything of the sort)\"and I came up here tonlook for it. I saw the wheel, and immediately was tempted to justnsteer it for a moment, just to get a feel of what it's like to steer.nI knew it was wrong, but I was just trying to get back at you. I knewnI shouldn't have, but I hadn't ever wanted a bit of revenge before,nand what I'm trying to say is, that, well, I'm sorry.\" Roddy's words were truenand 100 percent genuine, so genuine that they hit Rita right in thenheart. She felt tears coming but blinked them back. She looked atnRoddy, whose eyes just begged for forgiveness. Rita looked down, feeling some kind of guilt innmisunderstanding him. She gathered up all she had in her five inchnframe and looked at him. She couldn't speak for a moment. \"I-I guess you couldnlearn how to steer to take over for me,\" Rita said apologeticly.n\"I'll teach you.\" Slugs on the walls andnroof of the cockpit began to sing a scene-setting song. (Song isn'Little Wonders' by Rob Thomas from the Meet the Robinsonsnsoundtrack) Let it go, Let it roll right offnyour shoulder. Don't you know, That the hardest partnis over. Rita watched how smoothlynRoddy steered the boat. \"Good work, Rodders.\" she said tonhim, putting her hand on the wheel. She felt his hand there andnawkwardly pulled her hand away. She blushed and looked at Roddy, whonwas also blushing. Let it in, Let your clarity definenyou in the end, we will only remembernhow it feels. Rita smiled and lookednahead. Our lives are made, In these small hours. These little wonders, These twists and turnsnof fate. Time falls away, but these small hours, these small hours stillnremain. Rita saw their reflectionsnmomentarily as she looked into the tunnel that lay before them. Let it slide, Let your troubles fallnbehind you. Let it shine, Until you feel it allnaround you. Rita felt a feeling shenhadn't felt in a long time with Roddy next to her. And I don't mind, If it's me you need tonturn to. We'll get by, It's the heart thatnreally matters in the end. Rita felt her heart meltnwhen she looked at Roddy when he stopped the boat. Our lives are made, In these small hours, These little wonders, These twists and turnsnof fate. Time falls away, but these small hours, these small hours stillnremain. Rita looked away as Roddynshyly took her hand. All of my regret, will wash away somehow. But I cannot forget, the way I feel rightnnow. The longer Rita lookednaway, the more she knew she had feelings for Roddy. innthese small hours, these little wonders, these twists &nturns of fate, these twists & turns of fate. Ritanlooked Roddy in the eye and found herself moving closer to him. Shenhadn't felt like this before. Timenfalls away, but these small hours, Thesensmall hours still remain. Ritanfelt her heart speed up faster when she was centimeters from Roddy. stillnremain. these little wonders, these twists & turns ofnfate. time falls away, Ritanfelt her lips on Roddy's and blushed. Butnthese small hours, Thesensmall hours still remain. Ritanpulled away and looked at Roddy. He was about as red as she was. \"Steeringnlessons seem to have gotten off topic, Roddy joked. Rita laughed asnshe continued to supervise his steering.","LastChapter":"Summary:Self Explanatory! ----- Peace overwhelmed thensenses of a young female rat. Never before had she felt this waynbefore. Human activity above the sewer world gently vibrated thenconcrete shores, sending little waves to lap against the side of hernboat. She wasn't the only one feeling the peace and serenity. Sitting opposite her wasnher first mate. He stared into space toward the back of the boat. Thentwo were the most famous rats in the sewer world, and every villiannwanted to terminate them. On their way to deliver a rat from thengirl's past back to the human world, the two hadn't encountered anynsort of danger. Rita Malone knew this ratnfrom her previous years had to go back to where he came from. IfnGabriel decided to pursue Rita, it'd be a bloodbath. Gabe would startncornering Rita, then Roddy would come to the rescue(like she neededntwo males fighting over her) and then everything'd be a mess. Rita felt it was time tonbring up the anchor and get moving. \"C'mon, you two. Getnup and c'mon, let's get going!\" \"What? What's goingnon?\" Roddy mumbled as he snapped out of his trance. \"Sure. Anything,nRita.\" Gabriel oozed. Rita wanted to throw up, preferably onnhim. \"Shut up and get tonwork.\" Rita hissed. Gabriel and Roddy set to work, reluctant ofnworking with each other. \"Scoot over. You're hogging mynspace.\"\"No, you scoot!\" the two quarreled. \"Boys,\" Ritancalled from the cockpit. \"I swear to you, you're acting likenfive year-olds.\" Roddy starighned up, grinned and bore it whilenGabriel still hunched over, half pouting. Rita decided to tease him. \"Now, Tommy, we don'tnpout in public. Seriously, Gabriel. Grow up!!\" Gabriel jumpednwhen Sid came up from below deck. \"Fixed the leak below deck,\"nhe announced. \"Good work, Sid.\"nRita told Sid. \"I don't know aboutnthe rest of you, but I'm getting hungry. Anyone else need anything?\" Gabriel and Roddy pullednup the anchor. Gabriel piped up eagerly. \"I could do withnsomething to eat,\" Sid started below decknagain. \"Then come get it yourself.\" Rita steered the boatnsilently. She and Roddy were alone on the deck, and neither onenspoke. Rita refused to talk to Roddy, and Roddy was just afraid tontalk to Rita. The two had gotten in a fight over resposibilities andnauthority, and Rita wasn't about to forgive him for what he had done.nHe had started steering the Dodger while Rita was below deck chargingnan extra engine power-up. Roddy gulped and attemped to scrapentogether an apology. Only Roddy knew what hadnREALLY happened. Gabriel had gotten a hold of some substance thatnstuck to flesh and bonded instantly and was almost impossible to getnoff, but Rita had come up just in time to find Roddy stuck and withnmuch effort, pulled him hard enough to get his hands unstuck from thenwheel. Rita was convinced that he had been refusing to let go, butnRoddy knew he couldn't, and Gabriel knew he couldn't. Rita, I-\" Roddy triednto use the best diction he could, admitting that what he did wasnwrong, ever even touching thenwheel. \"I know what I did was wrong. Gabriel said you needednsomething up here by the wheel,\"(which Gabriel had said whennRita hadn't said anything of the sort)\"and I came up here tonlook for it. I saw the wheel, and immediately was tempted to justnsteer it for a moment, just to get a feel of what it's like to steer.nI knew it was wrong, but I was just trying to get back at you. I knewnI shouldn't have, but I hadn't ever wanted a bit of revenge before,nand what I'm trying to say is, that, well, I'm sorry.\" Roddy's words were truenand 100 percent genuine, so genuine that they hit Rita right in thenheart. She felt tears coming but blinked them back. She looked atnRoddy, whose eyes just begged for forgiveness. Rita looked down, feeling some kind of guilt innmisunderstanding him. She gathered up all she had in her five inchnframe and looked at him. She couldn't speak for a moment. \"I-I guess you couldnlearn how to steer to take over for me,\" Rita said apologeticly.n\"I'll teach you.\" Slugs on the walls andnroof of the cockpit began to sing a scene-setting song. (Song isn'Little Wonders' by Rob Thomas from the Meet the Robinsonsnsoundtrack) Let it go, Let it roll right offnyour shoulder. Don't you know, That the hardest partnis over. Rita watched how smoothlynRoddy steered the boat. \"Good work, Rodders.\" she said tonhim, putting her hand on the wheel. She felt his hand there andnawkwardly pulled her hand away. She blushed and looked at Roddy, whonwas also blushing. Let it in, Let your clarity definenyou in the end, we will only remembernhow it feels. Rita smiled and lookednahead. Our lives are made, In these small hours. These little wonders, These twists and turnsnof fate. Time falls away, but these small hours, these small hours stillnremain. Rita saw their reflectionsnmomentarily as she looked into the tunnel that lay before them. Let it slide, Let your troubles fallnbehind you. Let it shine, Until you feel it allnaround you. Rita felt a feeling shenhadn't felt in a long time with Roddy next to her. And I don't mind, If it's me you need tonturn to. We'll get by, It's the heart thatnreally matters in the end. Rita felt her heart meltnwhen she looked at Roddy when he stopped the boat. Our lives are made, In these small hours, These little wonders, These twists and turnsnof fate. Time falls away, but these small hours, these small hours stillnremain. Rita looked away as Roddynshyly took her hand. All of my regret, will wash away somehow. But I cannot forget, the way I feel rightnnow. The longer Rita lookednaway, the more she knew she had feelings for Roddy. innthese small hours, these little wonders, these twists &nturns of fate, these twists & turns of fate. Ritanlooked Roddy in the eye and found herself moving closer to him. Shenhadn't felt like this before. Timenfalls away, but these small hours, Thesensmall hours still remain. Ritanfelt her heart speed up faster when she was centimeters from Roddy. stillnremain. these little wonders, these twists & turns ofnfate. time falls away, Ritanfelt her lips on Roddy's and blushed. Butnthese small hours, Thesensmall hours still remain. Ritanpulled away and looked at Roddy. He was about as red as she was. \"Steeringnlessons seem to have gotten off topic, Roddy joked. Rita laughed asnshe continued to supervise his steering.","Summary":" Summary:Self Explanatory! ----- Peace overwhelmed thensenses of a young female rat. Never before ha","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Romance  - Words: 1,236 - Reviews: 5 - Favs: 9 - Follows: 2 - Published: 12 18 2007 - Status: Complete - id: 3954252 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Good Night","Author":"Took-Baggins","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3414588","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/NnHere's a little something I've had on my laptop for awhile. Itnseems like I take forever writing everything these days... Anyway,nI really wanted to do something with the scene on the Dodger ,nbut after I wrote it it was way too short for my liking. So I'venadded to it. The first part (if you can't tell) is Roddy thinkingnback, or a flashback if you will. The second part is set justnsometime after the end of the movie. Now,nbefore I start rambling again, I don't own Flushed Away but I hopeneveryone who reads enjoys this anyway. Well, I own the DVD, but Indoubt that counts for anything. xnx x Roddynfelt a sort of emptiness as he curled himself underneath Rita'snsock. He would be going home. He was very glad of it, this bottomnworld was not at all to his liking. Even so he felt a certain amountnof guilt over lying to Rita. It wasn't as if she would find out,nshe wouldn't be going all the way home with him, but how was he supposed to answer those kind of questions? 'Why no, I don't have anynfamily. I'm all alone and I only want to go home so badly becausenthese sewers are so disgusting.' Fantasticnway to speak to a lady when you want something from her. Besides,nshe probably wouldn't have understood anyway. Having so manynbrothers and sisters, she wouldn't know the peace you can only getnfrom absolute solitude. Perfect, unbroken peace...surrounded by emptynrooms with no one to bother you...worry over you... Ansigh escaped Roddy's lips as he turned his head to glance at thenbrick far overhead. It wouldn't matter anymore anyway. That was hownit had always been. \"Goodnnight.\" he said, more out of habit than actually wanting to. Thenmotion of the boat registered dimly in his tired mind, lulling himntowards sleep. \"Goodnnight, Roddy.\" Roddynpaused in his wriggling, opening his eyes in surprise. Had she saidnit? Or had he merely been drifting off and imagined it? \"Goodnnight.\" he said it again, just to be sure. Rita answered again, anhint of confusion showing through her tone. Unable to help himself,nRoddy grinned happily. So was that what it was like, then? To not bentotally alone in the quiet of evening, when it really is nice to havensomeone answer you? He happily said it again, relishing the feelingnit suddenly gave him. \"Goodnnight!\" \"Goodnnight.\" \"Goodnnight!\" \"Good night, Roddy!\"nshe replied with a laugh in her voice. Finally he lay still,nwondering how just two words could be so delightful as he dozed off.nHe hadn't known it then, that somehow in those few moments a partnof him had suddenly thought that maybe this was better. Maybe hendidn't want to go home after all. xnx x \"You'renawfully quiet tonight.\" Roddy rolled over to face Rita, where shenwas curled against the side of the boat. They had ended upnhead-to-head, so he bent his neck to look at her. \"Sorry,nI was just thinking.\" she nodded, knowing that he would come outnwith it if it wasn't something too private. It had become a routinenfor them, on nights they spent on the JammynDodger Mark II to talk together as they went to sleep. Topics of discussion variednwidely, from what they had managed during the day to the slugs'nlatest tune. Sometimes they didn't talk of any particular thing.nThey were happy to relax together. Andnthey both knew whatever Roddy was 'just thinking' of would comenout sooner or later. \"So,nwhat's in the docket for tomorrow? We've not gone over the EastnEnd yet, may be something to be had there.\" \"Indon't know, I was thinking of going to see mum and dad. It's beenna couple of days since we've been home.\" Rita sighed, thinking ofnher chaotic family. Sometimes it felt more like visiting a zoo, butnshe was still very fond of them. Roddy, too, had grown attached tonthe mob known as the Malones. He delighted in every moment he spentnwith them. It was good for him, Rita had once thought, to be a partnof something. \"Wonderful!nWe can take your mum that mirror we found for her!\" the mirrornwasn't much more than a shard of glass, big enough that Rita hadnbeen using it as a sort of side-mirror, but small enough that shencould hold it in one hand to look at herself. Roddy smiled,nimmediately sitting up to look at where the piece of glass was lashednto the ship's side. \"You said her last one was broken some yearsnago?\" \"Nothingnbreakable lasts long in our family. Especially when it's shiny,nthen everyone wants it.\" he laughed, but Rita pursed her lips andnflipped onto her back, looking away from him. \"It's a littlenfrustrating. We can't very well afford to buy that sort of thing,ncan we?\" \"No,nI suppose not.\" \"Itnwas a good find.\" they lapsed into silence. After several moments,nwith no sound or movement from Rita, Roddy lay down again, decidingnshe had gone to sleep. He was not far from dropping off himself whennshe began to speak quietly. \"It'snodd.\" she said, turning to her side again. Her could see in hernface that she was thinking very hard on something. It was somethingnhe was beginning to recognize more and more as he grew to know her. \"Whatnis it?\" \"Inwas just thinking...it's so quiet out here. Most everyone stays inntown, occasionally someone passes by but for the most part it'snjust the two of us here.\" Roddy didn't say anything. He felt anstrange sort of sensation inside of him as she spoke. \"It'snpeaceful, like if everything just stopped it would be something likenthis. Being here, I think of things at home...all those littlenbrats...but then when I get there again I'm so glad to see them.nThere's really no one else I'd rather be with...\" her voicentrailed off, leaving the statement unfinished. \"Nonone?\" \"What?\"nRoddy was a little startled. He hadn't actually meant to say it, itnwas just the first thing to pop into his head when she finished. Ritanlooked at him expectantly, one eyebrow quirked questioningly. \"There'snno one but your family?\" he asked. Now that he had asked hencouldn't very well take it back and ignore it. \"No one, say,noutside the Malone clan that you love to be with?\" \"Whatnare you getting at?\" he shrugged, but it wasn't enough for her.n\"Roddy!\" \"Indon't know what I meant. It just sort of came...out...\" Ritanwatched as he began to fidget and looked away from her. \"Insuppose I should change the subject before you start babbling?\" shenasked with a smile. Roddy huffed and did just that. \"Indo not babble! I get a little excited sometimes, yes, and my thoughtsndo sometimes run together but that is most certainly not babbling.nIt's excitement is what it is. Happens to everyone. I mean, really,nbabbling! That's nonsense! No one even does that anymore...\" \"Sonwhat was it you were thinking about earlier?\" \"What?\" \"I'mnchanging the subject. What were you thinking about?\" \"Oh,nright.\" Roddy relaxed and lay back down. \"Do you remember when wenfirst met, before you took me home we spent the night here?\" \"Yes.\" \"AndnI kept saying good night to you?\" Ritanlaughed, remembering their first night together. \"You started doingnit in different voices. Were you just trying to get on my nerves,nRoddy?\" \"Notnat all! It was just...well...that was the first time I had evernactually had someone to say goodnight to. I couldn't really help myself...\" \"Really?\"nRita asked, a little surprised as she sat up and looked at him. Hisnnod drew her to him, and she moved to sit next to him. \"I didn'tnknow that. The way that you went on about your 'family' I hadnthought you were just goofing off. I guess...I put it from my mind.nWhen I found out the truth, it never occured to me.\" \"Butnnone of that matters now.\" Roddy straightened and laid an armnaround Rita's shoulders. \"No more of that, we're a team now.\"nsmiling at her, he gestured widely at the dark sewer around them.n\"Just the two of us. With hearts high and the world at our feet.\"nRita was still looking at him, her brow creased as she frowned. \"What'snbothering you Roddy? Besides the memories?\" He looked at her for anmomernt. \"Tonbe quite honest...I don't know. I've had this strange feelingnwith you...it's hard to explain.\" Realization dawning on her,nRita smiled at him fondly. \"Don'tnworry, it'll come to you. Try sleeping on it.\" \"But-\" \"Goodnight,nRoddy.\" he started to protest. Still smiling, Rita turned his headnand kissed his cheek. He watched, a little confused as she lay backndown apart from him. Why had she done that? She...she kissed him.nHim! The realization caused him to blush heavily, and he smiled tonhimself as he settled back down into his sock. \"Goodnight,nRita.\"","LastChapter":"A/NnHere's a little something I've had on my laptop for awhile. Itnseems like I take forever writing everything these days... Anyway,nI really wanted to do something with the scene on the Dodger ,nbut after I wrote it it was way too short for my liking. So I'venadded to it. The first part (if you can't tell) is Roddy thinkingnback, or a flashback if you will. The second part is set justnsometime after the end of the movie. Now,nbefore I start rambling again, I don't own Flushed Away but I hopeneveryone who reads enjoys this anyway. Well, I own the DVD, but Indoubt that counts for anything. xnx x Roddynfelt a sort of emptiness as he curled himself underneath Rita'snsock. He would be going home. He was very glad of it, this bottomnworld was not at all to his liking. Even so he felt a certain amountnof guilt over lying to Rita. It wasn't as if she would find out,nshe wouldn't be going all the way home with him, but how was he supposed to answer those kind of questions? 'Why no, I don't have anynfamily. I'm all alone and I only want to go home so badly becausenthese sewers are so disgusting.' Fantasticnway to speak to a lady when you want something from her. Besides,nshe probably wouldn't have understood anyway. Having so manynbrothers and sisters, she wouldn't know the peace you can only getnfrom absolute solitude. Perfect, unbroken peace...surrounded by emptynrooms with no one to bother you...worry over you... Ansigh escaped Roddy's lips as he turned his head to glance at thenbrick far overhead. It wouldn't matter anymore anyway. That was hownit had always been. \"Goodnnight.\" he said, more out of habit than actually wanting to. Thenmotion of the boat registered dimly in his tired mind, lulling himntowards sleep. \"Goodnnight, Roddy.\" Roddynpaused in his wriggling, opening his eyes in surprise. Had she saidnit? Or had he merely been drifting off and imagined it? \"Goodnnight.\" he said it again, just to be sure. Rita answered again, anhint of confusion showing through her tone. Unable to help himself,nRoddy grinned happily. So was that what it was like, then? To not bentotally alone in the quiet of evening, when it really is nice to havensomeone answer you? He happily said it again, relishing the feelingnit suddenly gave him. \"Goodnnight!\" \"Goodnnight.\" \"Goodnnight!\" \"Good night, Roddy!\"nshe replied with a laugh in her voice. Finally he lay still,nwondering how just two words could be so delightful as he dozed off.nHe hadn't known it then, that somehow in those few moments a partnof him had suddenly thought that maybe this was better. Maybe hendidn't want to go home after all. xnx x \"You'renawfully quiet tonight.\" Roddy rolled over to face Rita, where shenwas curled against the side of the boat. They had ended upnhead-to-head, so he bent his neck to look at her. \"Sorry,nI was just thinking.\" she nodded, knowing that he would come outnwith it if it wasn't something too private. It had become a routinenfor them, on nights they spent on the JammynDodger Mark II to talk together as they went to sleep. Topics of discussion variednwidely, from what they had managed during the day to the slugs'nlatest tune. Sometimes they didn't talk of any particular thing.nThey were happy to relax together. Andnthey both knew whatever Roddy was 'just thinking' of would comenout sooner or later. \"So,nwhat's in the docket for tomorrow? We've not gone over the EastnEnd yet, may be something to be had there.\" \"Indon't know, I was thinking of going to see mum and dad. It's beenna couple of days since we've been home.\" Rita sighed, thinking ofnher chaotic family. Sometimes it felt more like visiting a zoo, butnshe was still very fond of them. Roddy, too, had grown attached tonthe mob known as the Malones. He delighted in every moment he spentnwith them. It was good for him, Rita had once thought, to be a partnof something. \"Wonderful!nWe can take your mum that mirror we found for her!\" the mirrornwasn't much more than a shard of glass, big enough that Rita hadnbeen using it as a sort of side-mirror, but small enough that shencould hold it in one hand to look at herself. Roddy smiled,nimmediately sitting up to look at where the piece of glass was lashednto the ship's side. \"You said her last one was broken some yearsnago?\" \"Nothingnbreakable lasts long in our family. Especially when it's shiny,nthen everyone wants it.\" he laughed, but Rita pursed her lips andnflipped onto her back, looking away from him. \"It's a littlenfrustrating. We can't very well afford to buy that sort of thing,ncan we?\" \"No,nI suppose not.\" \"Itnwas a good find.\" they lapsed into silence. After several moments,nwith no sound or movement from Rita, Roddy lay down again, decidingnshe had gone to sleep. He was not far from dropping off himself whennshe began to speak quietly. \"It'snodd.\" she said, turning to her side again. Her could see in hernface that she was thinking very hard on something. It was somethingnhe was beginning to recognize more and more as he grew to know her. \"Whatnis it?\" \"Inwas just thinking...it's so quiet out here. Most everyone stays inntown, occasionally someone passes by but for the most part it'snjust the two of us here.\" Roddy didn't say anything. He felt anstrange sort of sensation inside of him as she spoke. \"It'snpeaceful, like if everything just stopped it would be something likenthis. Being here, I think of things at home...all those littlenbrats...but then when I get there again I'm so glad to see them.nThere's really no one else I'd rather be with...\" her voicentrailed off, leaving the statement unfinished. \"Nonone?\" \"What?\"nRoddy was a little startled. He hadn't actually meant to say it, itnwas just the first thing to pop into his head when she finished. Ritanlooked at him expectantly, one eyebrow quirked questioningly. \"There'snno one but your family?\" he asked. Now that he had asked hencouldn't very well take it back and ignore it. \"No one, say,noutside the Malone clan that you love to be with?\" \"Whatnare you getting at?\" he shrugged, but it wasn't enough for her.n\"Roddy!\" \"Indon't know what I meant. It just sort of came...out...\" Ritanwatched as he began to fidget and looked away from her. \"Insuppose I should change the subject before you start babbling?\" shenasked with a smile. Roddy huffed and did just that. \"Indo not babble! I get a little excited sometimes, yes, and my thoughtsndo sometimes run together but that is most certainly not babbling.nIt's excitement is what it is. Happens to everyone. I mean, really,nbabbling! That's nonsense! No one even does that anymore...\" \"Sonwhat was it you were thinking about earlier?\" \"What?\" \"I'mnchanging the subject. What were you thinking about?\" \"Oh,nright.\" Roddy relaxed and lay back down. \"Do you remember when wenfirst met, before you took me home we spent the night here?\" \"Yes.\" \"AndnI kept saying good night to you?\" Ritanlaughed, remembering their first night together. \"You started doingnit in different voices. Were you just trying to get on my nerves,nRoddy?\" \"Notnat all! It was just...well...that was the first time I had evernactually had someone to say goodnight to. I couldn't really help myself...\" \"Really?\"nRita asked, a little surprised as she sat up and looked at him. Hisnnod drew her to him, and she moved to sit next to him. \"I didn'tnknow that. The way that you went on about your 'family' I hadnthought you were just goofing off. I guess...I put it from my mind.nWhen I found out the truth, it never occured to me.\" \"Butnnone of that matters now.\" Roddy straightened and laid an armnaround Rita's shoulders. \"No more of that, we're a team now.\"nsmiling at her, he gestured widely at the dark sewer around them.n\"Just the two of us. With hearts high and the world at our feet.\"nRita was still looking at him, her brow creased as she frowned. \"What'snbothering you Roddy? Besides the memories?\" He looked at her for anmomernt. \"Tonbe quite honest...I don't know. I've had this strange feelingnwith you...it's hard to explain.\" Realization dawning on her,nRita smiled at him fondly. \"Don'tnworry, it'll come to you. Try sleeping on it.\" \"But-\" \"Goodnight,nRoddy.\" he started to protest. Still smiling, Rita turned his headnand kissed his cheek. He watched, a little confused as she lay backndown apart from him. Why had she done that? She...she kissed him.nHim! The realization caused him to blush heavily, and he smiled tonhimself as he settled back down into his sock. \"Goodnight,nRita.\"","Summary":" A/NnHere's a little something I've had on my laptop for awhile. Itnseems like I take forever writin","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K - English - Romance  - Words: 1,629 - Reviews: 15 - Favs: 18 - Follows: 2 - Published: 2 25 2007 - Status: Complete - id: 3414588 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Tricks and Confessions","Author":"natii-4-life","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3622974","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Roddy sat against the wallnbelow deck of the Jammy Dodger II. He was playing around with anlittle toy he'd found. It was like a little video game. You had tondodge the cats jumping at you with the little arrow-shaped buttons.nRoddy found it amusing, so he sat down to play it. The engine rumblednnext to him loudly, so he didn't hear Rita come down. She tapped hisnshoulder. Roddy jumped. He was so into the game, Rita had scared him. \"Oh,\" Rita saidnabove the engine, \"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you!\" \"It's fine,\"nRoddy replied, \"What do you need?\" \"I just wanted to seenif you wanted to relax on the top deck with me,\" Rita asked,n\"I've been a little closed up lately on you and I wanted tonspend some time with you.\" \"Ummm..\" Roddynthought, \"Sure. Why not?\" Roddy followed Rita up topnand noticed that there wasn't any sunlight streaming through thenholes in the sewer lids. It was moonlight. It was nighttime. Nonwonder he was so tired. Rita turned off the engine and let the DodgernII drift with the current. She grabbed the socks for blankets andnthrew him one as she sat down on her bed. Roddy caught it as he threwnhimself on to his. They laid out, ready to talk. \"So,\" Roddynbegan, \"What's been on your mind?\" \"Nothing muchnreally,\" Rita answered, \"Just worried about how thenfamily's doing..\" \"Oh,\" Roddynsaid, \"I see..I've been wondering how Tabitha's doing with Syd.\" \"I'm sure she'snfine,\" Rita assured him. \"And I'm sure yournfamily's fine,\" Roddy replied. They smiled at each othernfor a moment. Then something slipped out of Rita's mouth that she'dnbeen keeping in for a reason. \"Have you ever hadnthe feeling that you can't leave someone's side or you think you'llndie? And when you do leave them..you can't stop thinking about them?nNo matter what you're thinking about them?\" Rita asked. Her heart gave a sicknthud. She wasn't supposed to say that! \"Ummm..\" Roddy'snface reddened a bit, \"Yeah..I have actually.\" \"Really?\" Ritansaid, hope surging through her heart, \"And when you see them younjust think they look absolutely amazing, even when they look theirnworst?\" Roddy nodded, smiling atnher. \"And when you lookninto their eyes and they look back into yours, you can barely forcenyourself to speak?\" Rita continued. Roddy got an idea to seenwhat she was talking about..or more specifically..who? \"Mhm..\" Roddynanswered, \"And you just love the way their brown hair and theirnbrown eyes match and just look so beautiful?\" \"Yeah!\" Ritansmiled. Then she realized Roddynhad tricked her into confessing that she loved him. \"No fair, Roddy!\"nRita cried. Roddy cracked up laughing.nRita glared at him, jumped out of her bed and walked off the thenfront of the boat. Roddy stopped laughing. \"Rita?\" Roddyncalled, \"Rita, I'm sorry! Rita, come back!\" Rita didn't answer. Roddynhad screwed up again. He sighed and followed her and saw her glaringnahead into space. He sat down next to her. \"I'm sorry, Rita,\"nRoddy apologized gently, \"I just had to know.\" \"Why?\" Ritanasked, \"Why did you have to know?\" Roddy paused. She hadnconfessed it. Maybe it was his turn? \"Maybe because I lovenyou too?\" Roddy said, looking down at his hands. Rita looked at him. \"Really?\" Ritanasked. \"Yeah,\" Roddynnodded, blushing. \"Well then..you won'tnmind if I do this then,\" Rita smirked. She leaned over quicklynand gave him a kiss on the lips. Roddy's heart stopped. His eyesnwidened, his breaths halted, and he couldn't move. She pulled awaynand laughed at his face. \"Wow.\" Roddynsmiled, \"My turn..\" Roddy returned the favor,nbut didn't pull away as quickly. In fact..he almost didn't pull awaynat all. Rita kissed him back. After that long, passionate kiss..theynjust sat there. Rita's head on Roddy's chest and his arms wrappednaround her. And soon enough..they fellnasleep.","LastChapter":"Roddy sat against the wallnbelow deck of the Jammy Dodger II. He was playing around with anlittle toy he'd found. It was like a little video game. You had tondodge the cats jumping at you with the little arrow-shaped buttons.nRoddy found it amusing, so he sat down to play it. The engine rumblednnext to him loudly, so he didn't hear Rita come down. She tapped hisnshoulder. Roddy jumped. He was so into the game, Rita had scared him. \"Oh,\" Rita saidnabove the engine, \"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you!\" \"It's fine,\"nRoddy replied, \"What do you need?\" \"I just wanted to seenif you wanted to relax on the top deck with me,\" Rita asked,n\"I've been a little closed up lately on you and I wanted tonspend some time with you.\" \"Ummm..\" Roddynthought, \"Sure. Why not?\" Roddy followed Rita up topnand noticed that there wasn't any sunlight streaming through thenholes in the sewer lids. It was moonlight. It was nighttime. Nonwonder he was so tired. Rita turned off the engine and let the DodgernII drift with the current. She grabbed the socks for blankets andnthrew him one as she sat down on her bed. Roddy caught it as he threwnhimself on to his. They laid out, ready to talk. \"So,\" Roddynbegan, \"What's been on your mind?\" \"Nothing muchnreally,\" Rita answered, \"Just worried about how thenfamily's doing..\" \"Oh,\" Roddynsaid, \"I see..I've been wondering how Tabitha's doing with Syd.\" \"I'm sure she'snfine,\" Rita assured him. \"And I'm sure yournfamily's fine,\" Roddy replied. They smiled at each othernfor a moment. Then something slipped out of Rita's mouth that she'dnbeen keeping in for a reason. \"Have you ever hadnthe feeling that you can't leave someone's side or you think you'llndie? And when you do leave them..you can't stop thinking about them?nNo matter what you're thinking about them?\" Rita asked. Her heart gave a sicknthud. She wasn't supposed to say that! \"Ummm..\" Roddy'snface reddened a bit, \"Yeah..I have actually.\" \"Really?\" Ritansaid, hope surging through her heart, \"And when you see them younjust think they look absolutely amazing, even when they look theirnworst?\" Roddy nodded, smiling atnher. \"And when you lookninto their eyes and they look back into yours, you can barely forcenyourself to speak?\" Rita continued. Roddy got an idea to seenwhat she was talking about..or more specifically..who? \"Mhm..\" Roddynanswered, \"And you just love the way their brown hair and theirnbrown eyes match and just look so beautiful?\" \"Yeah!\" Ritansmiled. Then she realized Roddynhad tricked her into confessing that she loved him. \"No fair, Roddy!\"nRita cried. Roddy cracked up laughing.nRita glared at him, jumped out of her bed and walked off the thenfront of the boat. Roddy stopped laughing. \"Rita?\" Roddyncalled, \"Rita, I'm sorry! Rita, come back!\" Rita didn't answer. Roddynhad screwed up again. He sighed and followed her and saw her glaringnahead into space. He sat down next to her. \"I'm sorry, Rita,\"nRoddy apologized gently, \"I just had to know.\" \"Why?\" Ritanasked, \"Why did you have to know?\" Roddy paused. She hadnconfessed it. Maybe it was his turn? \"Maybe because I lovenyou too?\" Roddy said, looking down at his hands. Rita looked at him. \"Really?\" Ritanasked. \"Yeah,\" Roddynnodded, blushing. \"Well then..you won'tnmind if I do this then,\" Rita smirked. She leaned over quicklynand gave him a kiss on the lips. Roddy's heart stopped. His eyesnwidened, his breaths halted, and he couldn't move. She pulled awaynand laughed at his face. \"Wow.\" Roddynsmiled, \"My turn..\" Roddy returned the favor,nbut didn't pull away as quickly. In fact..he almost didn't pull awaynat all. Rita kissed him back. After that long, passionate kiss..theynjust sat there. Rita's head on Roddy's chest and his arms wrappednaround her. And soon enough..they fellnasleep.","Summary":" Roddy sat against the wallnbelow deck of the Jammy Dodger II. He was playing around with anlittle t","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Romance  - Words: 794 - Reviews: 8 - Favs: 16 - Follows: 7 - Published: 6 28 2007 - Status: Complete - id: 3622974 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"The Final Battle","Author":"fornwalt","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3524858","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Yet another Flushed Away fic, as I just bought the movie today. ;) I don't know why I like it so much, but I do, and when I like something, fanfictions appear. So, enjoy! Flushed Away is not owned by me, so don't bother suing or anything. The Final Battle Rita held herrnbreath as the water rushed over her head, sending her down the tubesrnof the toilet and into the depths of the sewer. She inhaled air,rnoddly calm and almost sad as she whipped and whirled around therntubes. Finally, she dropped into a large basin-type thing filled withrnsewer water, and allowed the current to empty her into the tunnels.rnShe stood up and climbed out of the water quietly, glancing aroundrnfor anyone. Not even the slugs were around to share her misery. Withrna slow motion, she began trekking towards the opening that would letrnher into her home city, Ratropolis. Her heavy boots clanked on thernmetal floor as she pushed through the opening and fell the shortrndistance to the ground. She forced a smile on her face as she startedrnhome, nodding to anyone who called her name as a greeting. Oncernshe got into the long tunnel that led straight to her house, thernsmile dropped and depression took its place. I can't believernthat Roddy… she shook her head, He lied to me this wholerntime. He really is all alone. Suddenly,rna clatter was heard, and her head jerked upwards, green eyesrnsearching the tunnel for the sound. She turned around to check behindrnher, and her eyes widened as she saw Whitey wrap his arms around her,rnholding her tightly against his hard chest. She grunted and began tornkick and squirm, but the movements did nothing against the giant rat. Spikernappeared in front of her, cackling loudly, \"So the great Rita hasrnbeen caught once again, hmm? Well, this time you won't escape sorneasy!\" \"ButrnI will escape,\" Rita smirked at his angry expression. \"Shutrnup,\" Spike snapped, looking around the tunnel, \"Where's yourrnboyfriend, then?! Come on, come out!\" he began calling down therntunnel. Ritarnblew upwards, trying to get a stray strand of hair out of her eyes,rn\"He's not here. He stayed Up Top, so good luck trying to findrnhim.\" Whiteyrnblinked his pink eyes, \"I think she's tellin' the truth,rnSpike,\" he said, \"I mean, if she weren't, he'd already havernjumped out to save 'er.\" Spikernscoffed, still glancing around jerkily, \"Fine, then. It's onlyrnher we want anyway. Oh, the boss'll be so happy! And that Le Frogrnwill be upset that he didn't get her before us!\" he began to leadrnWhitey down the hallway, diverting him into a smaller tunnel that ledrnto the water, and their boat. \"Do you guys even know what the Toad is planning to do with thisrncable?\" Rita inquired, purposefully making it as hard as possiblernfor Whitey to get her moving. He finally gave up and picked her up sornthat her feet dangled a few centimeters above the ground, followingrnSpike as if he didn't even notice the weight. \"Whorncares?\" the smaller henchrat shrugged dramatically, \"As long asrnhe's happy with us!\" Shernrolled her eyes and said nothing else, grudgingly allowing them tornlead her to the Toad's hideout. ThernToad was glaring at the town below him when she arrived in therncontrol room. Spike bounded forward excitedly. \"I'verngot Rita, boss! I've got Rita!\" Ritarndecided that now would be a good time to start squirming again, \"Getrnoff me you… you lab reject!\" She began kicking with her left leg,rnthe one that Spike had picked up in an attempt to look useful inrnfront of the Toad. Spikernlaughed, \"Ha! You missed!\" Grinningrnevilly, Rita reached up and kicked him with her right leg, suspendedrnin midair by Whitey's strong arms. Crying out, Spike flew forwardrnand she lowered both her legs to the ground, still grinning. A fewrninches away, Spike climbed out of a box of pin needles. \"Oww…\"rnhe said, disoriented. ThernToad whirled around, and a malicious grin spread over his face as hisrneyes laid on her. He focused on her belt and took a step forward. \"Ah,rnRita. It's so good of you to return the cable!\" the Toad crooned,rnignoring Spike as he began pulling the needles out of his flesh. Asrnif on cue, Le Frog jumped down in front of Whitey. Rita edged awayrnfrom him as he waved a hand in front of himself. \"Bonjour,\"rnhe drew out the word, and a smile grew on his face as he reached downrnand snatched the master cable off of her pants. Ritarnclenched her fists, \"Hey!\" Ignoringrnher, Le Frog bent down and leapt onto the platform that the Toad wasrnstanding on. He held it out for his cousin, the smile escalating intornan accomplished grin. \"Atrnlast! It's mine!\" the Toad focused all attention on the cable,rnclapping his hands together and crooning at it. Ritarnrolled her eyes as the Toad began laughing at the cable, reaching butrnnever quite taking it. She shook her head and glanced at Spike, whornwas pulling out the last pin with a pained look. Whitey shiftedrnslightly, eyeing his boss with those pink eyes, but still keeping arnfirm grip on Rita. Lookingrnback at the Toad, she heard Le Frog sigh in frustration, gritting hisrnteeth, \"Just take it.\" Instantly, the Toad dropped his arms and glared at Le Frog bitterly.rnRita wanted to laugh at this, but knew that things were bad enough asrnit was. The Toad snapped out of it and grabbed the cable, stormingrnover to the socket where she had pulled it out of what felt like sornlong ago. \"Letrnthere be light!\" he cried, snapping the cable into place. He beganrnlaughing maniacally as the controls lit up, illuminating the room inrna yellow glow. He threw up his hands, still laughing, whirling aroundrnto see the now active controls. Rita'srneyes widened, her mouth dropping open slightly as she looked at therndifferent controls. Oh, no… she thought, He's done it…rnhe's won! I'm the only one who could have stopped him; the onlyrnone who could do it… he got the master cable back, and now there'srnnothing I can do to stop him! ThernToad finally stopped laughing, turning back around to face Rita. Hernlooked her up and down, then scoffed. \"Getrnher out of my sight. The plan is in play, and she needs front rowrnseats ,\" he smiled, showing all his teeth. Whiteyrnblinked, \"What?\" \"Garh!!rnJust tie her up on the drain pipe by the flood gates!\" he snappedrnbefore turning to Le Frog, muttering about incompetent rodents. Spikernturned to Rita, cracking his knuckles, \"Now I'll get you back forrnkicking me!\" he stalked out of the room, and Whitey followedrnobediently. Spikernfinally slowed at the top of the stairs, holding the door open forrnWhitey to get through. He grabbed some rope that rested on a hookrnjust beside the door and snapped it between his hands so it heldrntight. \"It'srngonna feel so good to tie you up, Rita,\" he growled, \"After allrnthat you've done to us, oh, it'll feel brilliant.\" Ritarnrolled her eyes, \"Get used to the feeling, because you'll neverrnget a chance to do it again.\" Spikerntightened his grip on the rope, \"No, I won't. Because eitherrnyou'll get killed by what the boss has planned, or you'll starve,rnbut either way you're going to die soon.\" Whiteyrnstared at Spike in amazement, \"Wow, Spike. That actually soundedrnevil.\" \"I'mrnliving the part,\" the henchrat straightened in pride, \"Now, holdrnher out so's I can tie her up.\" Seeing an opportunity, Rita waited paitently while Whitey held her atrnarms length, and Spike began to wrap her up, arms and all. He wouldrnstart at one side, then, holding the rope, would run below Whitey'srnarms and back around again. After a moment, he stopped in front ofrnthem, blinking. \"Oh,rnI'm dizzy now…\" he said, \"Hold on a minute so I can seernstraight.\" Whiteyrnshrugged, \"I'm not going anywhere, Spike.\" Ritarnpicked up her legs, and before either of them could see what she wasrndoing, she punched them out, effectively kicking Spike several inchesrnaway, again. Only this time, there was nothing in the direction shernkicked, and he went careening off the side of the building. \"Ha!\"rnRita laughed, grinning at her accomplishment. Whitey walked over tornthe side that Spike had flown off of, peering over the edge, stillrnholding her. \"Yournokay, Spike?\" he asked mildly. The henchrat climbed up the side ofrnthe building, grabbing just left of Whitey's shoe. \"You'llrnpay for that, Rita,\" he growled, hauling himself up. Rita raised anrneyebrow. \"Irnpraise you, Spike. You're one of the few henchrats that would getrnback up after a fall like that.\" Spikerndrew himself up, \"Why, thank yo—wait a minute! Don't pull thatrnflattery gig on me! Whitey, hold her better this time so that I won'trnget kicked again!\" Followingrnhis partner's directions, Whitey looped one of his legs aroundrnRita's, and held her firmly while Spike picked up the rope andrnbegan to wrap her again. Once she was securely bound, Spike led themrnonto the large pipe that hung in midair, several feet above the waterrnbelow them. Halfway across, he stopped and took the opposite end ofrnthe rope, throwing it over the side and quickly turning to grab it asrnit came back up again. From there, he tied it in a secure knot,rngrumbling. \"Irndon't see why the boss doesn't just want us to drop her into thernbloody water…\" he muttered darkly, turning to Whitey for support,rn\"I mean, at least then we know she'd drown.\" Whiteyrnshrugged, \"Maybe he's afraid that she can swim with only herrnlegs.\" Ritarnrolled her eyes as they continued discussing various ways to killrnher, and was unprepared when Spike grabbed her chin and forced her tornlook at him. \"It'srna pity, Rita. You're quite a pretty one.\" Shernspit in his eyes. Herncried out in anger and shoved her off the pipe, growling as he wipedrnhis eyes and dragged Whitey back towards the roof. Ritarnyelled in surprise as she fell, and almost instantly later the ropernreached it's stretching point and went tight, pulling her back up.rnIt bounced her for a few moments, before she fell still. Groaning asrnthe rope dug into her sides, she looked around and saw the largerncrowd watching the soccer game on the big screen TV. Even way backrnthere she could hear their cheers as England scored. Shernsighed, her superior attitude dropping with the absence of anybodyrnaround her. God, what am I doing? I could have just let things be.rnI could have just let him have the bloody ruby. I could have justrngiven the cable to Le Frog when he came for it. She scoffed, Heck, there're a lot of things I could have done to avoid beingrnin this position. Anotherrncheer rang out, and she frowned, I have to stop the Toad… she decided suddenly, and began kicking and squirming, a futilernattempt against the ropes, I have to save those people! Shernstruggled for another couple minutes before pausing for rest, herrnhead drooping as she hung there, suspended several feet above thernmurky sewer water, breathing hard. Somewhere inside, she knew that itrnwas impossible without help, and she longingly wished that Roddy wasrnthere to help her. Of course, that was as stupid a thought asrnbreaking free of these ropes. Roddy was at his house, in Kensington,rnhappy with his lifestyle. He wouldn't come back to— \"Rita!\" Slowlyrnshe lifted her head, looking up to see Roddy flying towards her. Shernalmost laughed with excitement, but then she noticed what he wasrnusing to get up to her. He was flying on a red fan, using a balloonrntied around his waist to get him up to her and the fan to propel himrnforward. He looked ridiculous, but she could only think of how happyrnshe was to see him. \"Rita!\"rnhe called again, waving his hand at her while trying to grab the fanrnat the same time. Shernsmiled in relief as he got closer, \"Roddy!\" \"Rita,rnI'm so sorry. I've been such a fool! Rita, you were right aboutrnme, you were right about everything! And I—I should have justrnadmitted that, but I was afraid that you would like me, and—\" Ritarnrolled her eyes. He was babbling again, like he had when she hadrnfirst met him, on the Jammy Dodger . With every word he gotrncloser, until he was right in front of her. While he talked, hernmanaged to climb onto the fan, sitting straddle-legged and looking atrnher with brown eyes that begged forgiveness. \"Roddy!\"rnshe interrupted, remembering her current situation, \"Do you thinkrnwe could talk about this after you've rescued me?\" sherntossed her head as she spoke, getting the hair out of her eyes. Realizationrnstruck in his eyes and he nodded quickly, \"Of course! There's norntime. When that whistle blows and everyone Up Top goes to the toilet,rnit's going to flush away the whole city!\" Asrnhe spoke, he picked her up in his arms and put her in his lap,rnundoing the knot on the ropes. She shrugged them off, nodding inrnagreement as he voiced the plan she had figured out a while ago. \"Irnknow! And my whole family's down there.\" Hernput a hand on her shoulder to steady her, \"We've got to warnrneveryone!\" and with that he began to lean forward, pushing the fanrntowards the large crowd below them. She leaned into his chest as theyrnflew downward. Had this been any other situation, she would bernblushing from the close contact, but in this case all she felt wasrncold fear for her family's life. Suddenly,rnshe heard a loud thunking noise, and turned to see the Toad standingrnon the roof, surrounded by his henchrats, holding a staple gun aimedrnright for them. The inevitable happened, and the balloon popped withrnone of the staples. Roddyrnglanced at Rita, who met his gaze, \"Oh dear.\" Instantly,rnthe fan was ripped out from underneath them as they were wrenchedrnaway by the flailing balloon. Roddy held onto Rita tightly, and sherngrabbed his arm so that she wouldn't be dropped during the crazyrnride. The balloon did circles around the pipe that she had beenrnhanging off of just a little while ago, and Roddy began to slip outrnof the rope's hold. The balloon sat suspended for a split secondrnabove the roof, and Roddy fell out of it's grasp. Therntwo of them fell downward, crying out as the hit the floor with arnloud thomp. The four henchrats stared in surprise and anger at themrnas they picked themselves off of the floor. Spike yelled at Whiteyrnfor something, but Rita couldn't hear what over her ringing ears.rnThen, just like that, the two of them were being held by Whitey andrnanother henchrat, propped up to face the Toad as they regained theirrnstrength from the balloon's ride. \"So,rnyou thought you could make a fool of the Toad, eh?\" the Toadrnstepped forward, grinning at their position. The balloon chose thatrnmoment to drop out of the sky, landing on the Toad's shoulder withrna flop. He cried out and began shoving it away, like it was some bugrnor something that frightened him. Ritarnglanced at Roddy, who was grinning at the Toad's antics. She turnedrnher attention back to him, a smug smirk taking up her face, \"Yourndon't need us for that.\" Roddyrngave her an approving smile, and they both turned back to the Toad. \"Oh,rnyou think you're sooo clever, don't you?\" the Toad regained hisrncomposure and took a few steps forward, folding his hands behind hisrnback, \"Well, I'll be the one laughing when every last, revoltingrnrodent is flushed away ! For I shall repopulate the city…\"rnhe took a few leaps backward, jumping onto a tall ladder and pullingrnon a fancy gold rope, \"…with these!\" Therncurtains pulled back, and Rita blinked in surprise as she noticedrnseveral hundred tadpoles floating in murky green water, each of themrnwearing blue bonnets and grinning with sharp teeth. \"Eww!\"rnthe henchrats, along with Rita and Roddy, cringed away from therntadpoles, their faces screwing up with disgust. Whiteyrndidn't flinch, but his pink eyes trailed along the jars ofrntadpoles, \"Nasty.\" Ritarnraised an eyebrow as the Toad began talking to the young soon-to-bernfrogs, like a father would a son. As it was, he got into an argumentrnwith them, discussing something about 'puppies'. Roddyrnleaned closer to Rita, taking advantage of the confusion, \"We needrnto get downstairs and remove the cable!\" \"How?\"rnRita countered, still gaping at the tadpoles, \"It's impossible!\" Roddy'srneyes trailed along the floor, noticing a long tube that wound acrossrnthe roof, leading to two large cans of liquid nitrogen. He grinned asrnan idea popped into his head, and he faced Rita again, \"England'srnwinning! Anything's possible!\" Ritarnraised an eyebrow, staring at him with a look that said what shernthought, Roddy's gone insane, step away before you get hurt! ButrnRoddy instead bent down and picked up the green tube, pulling at thernknob that held it together. Instantly it burst open, and Rita'srneyes lit up as it began spraying liquid nitrogen everywhere. Shernbounded over the pile of ice, laughing. Letrnthe fun begin. A/N: Okay, there you go. Anything in quotations after Rita meets the Toad is from the actual movie (I was watching it as I was writing, so I would pause it to write the quote, and then play some more of it to do it all over again). Hope you liked it! Please review to tell me what you thought!","LastChapter":"A/N: Yet another Flushed Away fic, as I just bought the movie today. ;) I don't know why I like it so much, but I do, and when I like something, fanfictions appear. So, enjoy! Flushed Away is not owned by me, so don't bother suing or anything. The Final Battle Rita held herrnbreath as the water rushed over her head, sending her down the tubesrnof the toilet and into the depths of the sewer. She inhaled air,rnoddly calm and almost sad as she whipped and whirled around therntubes. Finally, she dropped into a large basin-type thing filled withrnsewer water, and allowed the current to empty her into the tunnels.rnShe stood up and climbed out of the water quietly, glancing aroundrnfor anyone. Not even the slugs were around to share her misery. Withrna slow motion, she began trekking towards the opening that would letrnher into her home city, Ratropolis. Her heavy boots clanked on thernmetal floor as she pushed through the opening and fell the shortrndistance to the ground. She forced a smile on her face as she startedrnhome, nodding to anyone who called her name as a greeting. Oncernshe got into the long tunnel that led straight to her house, thernsmile dropped and depression took its place. I can't believernthat Roddy… she shook her head, He lied to me this wholerntime. He really is all alone. Suddenly,rna clatter was heard, and her head jerked upwards, green eyesrnsearching the tunnel for the sound. She turned around to check behindrnher, and her eyes widened as she saw Whitey wrap his arms around her,rnholding her tightly against his hard chest. She grunted and began tornkick and squirm, but the movements did nothing against the giant rat. Spikernappeared in front of her, cackling loudly, \"So the great Rita hasrnbeen caught once again, hmm? Well, this time you won't escape sorneasy!\" \"ButrnI will escape,\" Rita smirked at his angry expression. \"Shutrnup,\" Spike snapped, looking around the tunnel, \"Where's yourrnboyfriend, then?! Come on, come out!\" he began calling down therntunnel. Ritarnblew upwards, trying to get a stray strand of hair out of her eyes,rn\"He's not here. He stayed Up Top, so good luck trying to findrnhim.\" Whiteyrnblinked his pink eyes, \"I think she's tellin' the truth,rnSpike,\" he said, \"I mean, if she weren't, he'd already havernjumped out to save 'er.\" Spikernscoffed, still glancing around jerkily, \"Fine, then. It's onlyrnher we want anyway. Oh, the boss'll be so happy! And that Le Frogrnwill be upset that he didn't get her before us!\" he began to leadrnWhitey down the hallway, diverting him into a smaller tunnel that ledrnto the water, and their boat. \"Do you guys even know what the Toad is planning to do with thisrncable?\" Rita inquired, purposefully making it as hard as possiblernfor Whitey to get her moving. He finally gave up and picked her up sornthat her feet dangled a few centimeters above the ground, followingrnSpike as if he didn't even notice the weight. \"Whorncares?\" the smaller henchrat shrugged dramatically, \"As long asrnhe's happy with us!\" Shernrolled her eyes and said nothing else, grudgingly allowing them tornlead her to the Toad's hideout. ThernToad was glaring at the town below him when she arrived in therncontrol room. Spike bounded forward excitedly. \"I'verngot Rita, boss! I've got Rita!\" Ritarndecided that now would be a good time to start squirming again, \"Getrnoff me you… you lab reject!\" She began kicking with her left leg,rnthe one that Spike had picked up in an attempt to look useful inrnfront of the Toad. Spikernlaughed, \"Ha! You missed!\" Grinningrnevilly, Rita reached up and kicked him with her right leg, suspendedrnin midair by Whitey's strong arms. Crying out, Spike flew forwardrnand she lowered both her legs to the ground, still grinning. A fewrninches away, Spike climbed out of a box of pin needles. \"Oww…\"rnhe said, disoriented. ThernToad whirled around, and a malicious grin spread over his face as hisrneyes laid on her. He focused on her belt and took a step forward. \"Ah,rnRita. It's so good of you to return the cable!\" the Toad crooned,rnignoring Spike as he began pulling the needles out of his flesh. Asrnif on cue, Le Frog jumped down in front of Whitey. Rita edged awayrnfrom him as he waved a hand in front of himself. \"Bonjour,\"rnhe drew out the word, and a smile grew on his face as he reached downrnand snatched the master cable off of her pants. Ritarnclenched her fists, \"Hey!\" Ignoringrnher, Le Frog bent down and leapt onto the platform that the Toad wasrnstanding on. He held it out for his cousin, the smile escalating intornan accomplished grin. \"Atrnlast! It's mine!\" the Toad focused all attention on the cable,rnclapping his hands together and crooning at it. Ritarnrolled her eyes as the Toad began laughing at the cable, reaching butrnnever quite taking it. She shook her head and glanced at Spike, whornwas pulling out the last pin with a pained look. Whitey shiftedrnslightly, eyeing his boss with those pink eyes, but still keeping arnfirm grip on Rita. Lookingrnback at the Toad, she heard Le Frog sigh in frustration, gritting hisrnteeth, \"Just take it.\" Instantly, the Toad dropped his arms and glared at Le Frog bitterly.rnRita wanted to laugh at this, but knew that things were bad enough asrnit was. The Toad snapped out of it and grabbed the cable, stormingrnover to the socket where she had pulled it out of what felt like sornlong ago. \"Letrnthere be light!\" he cried, snapping the cable into place. He beganrnlaughing maniacally as the controls lit up, illuminating the room inrna yellow glow. He threw up his hands, still laughing, whirling aroundrnto see the now active controls. Rita'srneyes widened, her mouth dropping open slightly as she looked at therndifferent controls. Oh, no… she thought, He's done it…rnhe's won! I'm the only one who could have stopped him; the onlyrnone who could do it… he got the master cable back, and now there'srnnothing I can do to stop him! ThernToad finally stopped laughing, turning back around to face Rita. Hernlooked her up and down, then scoffed. \"Getrnher out of my sight. The plan is in play, and she needs front rowrnseats ,\" he smiled, showing all his teeth. Whiteyrnblinked, \"What?\" \"Garh!!rnJust tie her up on the drain pipe by the flood gates!\" he snappedrnbefore turning to Le Frog, muttering about incompetent rodents. Spikernturned to Rita, cracking his knuckles, \"Now I'll get you back forrnkicking me!\" he stalked out of the room, and Whitey followedrnobediently. Spikernfinally slowed at the top of the stairs, holding the door open forrnWhitey to get through. He grabbed some rope that rested on a hookrnjust beside the door and snapped it between his hands so it heldrntight. \"It'srngonna feel so good to tie you up, Rita,\" he growled, \"After allrnthat you've done to us, oh, it'll feel brilliant.\" Ritarnrolled her eyes, \"Get used to the feeling, because you'll neverrnget a chance to do it again.\" Spikerntightened his grip on the rope, \"No, I won't. Because eitherrnyou'll get killed by what the boss has planned, or you'll starve,rnbut either way you're going to die soon.\" Whiteyrnstared at Spike in amazement, \"Wow, Spike. That actually soundedrnevil.\" \"I'mrnliving the part,\" the henchrat straightened in pride, \"Now, holdrnher out so's I can tie her up.\" Seeing an opportunity, Rita waited paitently while Whitey held her atrnarms length, and Spike began to wrap her up, arms and all. He wouldrnstart at one side, then, holding the rope, would run below Whitey'srnarms and back around again. After a moment, he stopped in front ofrnthem, blinking. \"Oh,rnI'm dizzy now…\" he said, \"Hold on a minute so I can seernstraight.\" Whiteyrnshrugged, \"I'm not going anywhere, Spike.\" Ritarnpicked up her legs, and before either of them could see what she wasrndoing, she punched them out, effectively kicking Spike several inchesrnaway, again. Only this time, there was nothing in the direction shernkicked, and he went careening off the side of the building. \"Ha!\"rnRita laughed, grinning at her accomplishment. Whitey walked over tornthe side that Spike had flown off of, peering over the edge, stillrnholding her. \"Yournokay, Spike?\" he asked mildly. The henchrat climbed up the side ofrnthe building, grabbing just left of Whitey's shoe. \"You'llrnpay for that, Rita,\" he growled, hauling himself up. Rita raised anrneyebrow. \"Irnpraise you, Spike. You're one of the few henchrats that would getrnback up after a fall like that.\" Spikerndrew himself up, \"Why, thank yo—wait a minute! Don't pull thatrnflattery gig on me! Whitey, hold her better this time so that I won'trnget kicked again!\" Followingrnhis partner's directions, Whitey looped one of his legs aroundrnRita's, and held her firmly while Spike picked up the rope andrnbegan to wrap her again. Once she was securely bound, Spike led themrnonto the large pipe that hung in midair, several feet above the waterrnbelow them. Halfway across, he stopped and took the opposite end ofrnthe rope, throwing it over the side and quickly turning to grab it asrnit came back up again. From there, he tied it in a secure knot,rngrumbling. \"Irndon't see why the boss doesn't just want us to drop her into thernbloody water…\" he muttered darkly, turning to Whitey for support,rn\"I mean, at least then we know she'd drown.\" Whiteyrnshrugged, \"Maybe he's afraid that she can swim with only herrnlegs.\" Ritarnrolled her eyes as they continued discussing various ways to killrnher, and was unprepared when Spike grabbed her chin and forced her tornlook at him. \"It'srna pity, Rita. You're quite a pretty one.\" Shernspit in his eyes. Herncried out in anger and shoved her off the pipe, growling as he wipedrnhis eyes and dragged Whitey back towards the roof. Ritarnyelled in surprise as she fell, and almost instantly later the ropernreached it's stretching point and went tight, pulling her back up.rnIt bounced her for a few moments, before she fell still. Groaning asrnthe rope dug into her sides, she looked around and saw the largerncrowd watching the soccer game on the big screen TV. Even way backrnthere she could hear their cheers as England scored. Shernsighed, her superior attitude dropping with the absence of anybodyrnaround her. God, what am I doing? I could have just let things be.rnI could have just let him have the bloody ruby. I could have justrngiven the cable to Le Frog when he came for it. She scoffed, Heck, there're a lot of things I could have done to avoid beingrnin this position. Anotherrncheer rang out, and she frowned, I have to stop the Toad… she decided suddenly, and began kicking and squirming, a futilernattempt against the ropes, I have to save those people! Shernstruggled for another couple minutes before pausing for rest, herrnhead drooping as she hung there, suspended several feet above thernmurky sewer water, breathing hard. Somewhere inside, she knew that itrnwas impossible without help, and she longingly wished that Roddy wasrnthere to help her. Of course, that was as stupid a thought asrnbreaking free of these ropes. Roddy was at his house, in Kensington,rnhappy with his lifestyle. He wouldn't come back to— \"Rita!\" Slowlyrnshe lifted her head, looking up to see Roddy flying towards her. Shernalmost laughed with excitement, but then she noticed what he wasrnusing to get up to her. He was flying on a red fan, using a balloonrntied around his waist to get him up to her and the fan to propel himrnforward. He looked ridiculous, but she could only think of how happyrnshe was to see him. \"Rita!\"rnhe called again, waving his hand at her while trying to grab the fanrnat the same time. Shernsmiled in relief as he got closer, \"Roddy!\" \"Rita,rnI'm so sorry. I've been such a fool! Rita, you were right aboutrnme, you were right about everything! And I—I should have justrnadmitted that, but I was afraid that you would like me, and—\" Ritarnrolled her eyes. He was babbling again, like he had when she hadrnfirst met him, on the Jammy Dodger . With every word he gotrncloser, until he was right in front of her. While he talked, hernmanaged to climb onto the fan, sitting straddle-legged and looking atrnher with brown eyes that begged forgiveness. \"Roddy!\"rnshe interrupted, remembering her current situation, \"Do you thinkrnwe could talk about this after you've rescued me?\" sherntossed her head as she spoke, getting the hair out of her eyes. Realizationrnstruck in his eyes and he nodded quickly, \"Of course! There's norntime. When that whistle blows and everyone Up Top goes to the toilet,rnit's going to flush away the whole city!\" Asrnhe spoke, he picked her up in his arms and put her in his lap,rnundoing the knot on the ropes. She shrugged them off, nodding inrnagreement as he voiced the plan she had figured out a while ago. \"Irnknow! And my whole family's down there.\" Hernput a hand on her shoulder to steady her, \"We've got to warnrneveryone!\" and with that he began to lean forward, pushing the fanrntowards the large crowd below them. She leaned into his chest as theyrnflew downward. Had this been any other situation, she would bernblushing from the close contact, but in this case all she felt wasrncold fear for her family's life. Suddenly,rnshe heard a loud thunking noise, and turned to see the Toad standingrnon the roof, surrounded by his henchrats, holding a staple gun aimedrnright for them. The inevitable happened, and the balloon popped withrnone of the staples. Roddyrnglanced at Rita, who met his gaze, \"Oh dear.\" Instantly,rnthe fan was ripped out from underneath them as they were wrenchedrnaway by the flailing balloon. Roddy held onto Rita tightly, and sherngrabbed his arm so that she wouldn't be dropped during the crazyrnride. The balloon did circles around the pipe that she had beenrnhanging off of just a little while ago, and Roddy began to slip outrnof the rope's hold. The balloon sat suspended for a split secondrnabove the roof, and Roddy fell out of it's grasp. Therntwo of them fell downward, crying out as the hit the floor with arnloud thomp. The four henchrats stared in surprise and anger at themrnas they picked themselves off of the floor. Spike yelled at Whiteyrnfor something, but Rita couldn't hear what over her ringing ears.rnThen, just like that, the two of them were being held by Whitey andrnanother henchrat, propped up to face the Toad as they regained theirrnstrength from the balloon's ride. \"So,rnyou thought you could make a fool of the Toad, eh?\" the Toadrnstepped forward, grinning at their position. The balloon chose thatrnmoment to drop out of the sky, landing on the Toad's shoulder withrna flop. He cried out and began shoving it away, like it was some bugrnor something that frightened him. Ritarnglanced at Roddy, who was grinning at the Toad's antics. She turnedrnher attention back to him, a smug smirk taking up her face, \"Yourndon't need us for that.\" Roddyrngave her an approving smile, and they both turned back to the Toad. \"Oh,rnyou think you're sooo clever, don't you?\" the Toad regained hisrncomposure and took a few steps forward, folding his hands behind hisrnback, \"Well, I'll be the one laughing when every last, revoltingrnrodent is flushed away ! For I shall repopulate the city…\"rnhe took a few leaps backward, jumping onto a tall ladder and pullingrnon a fancy gold rope, \"…with these!\" Therncurtains pulled back, and Rita blinked in surprise as she noticedrnseveral hundred tadpoles floating in murky green water, each of themrnwearing blue bonnets and grinning with sharp teeth. \"Eww!\"rnthe henchrats, along with Rita and Roddy, cringed away from therntadpoles, their faces screwing up with disgust. Whiteyrndidn't flinch, but his pink eyes trailed along the jars ofrntadpoles, \"Nasty.\" Ritarnraised an eyebrow as the Toad began talking to the young soon-to-bernfrogs, like a father would a son. As it was, he got into an argumentrnwith them, discussing something about 'puppies'. Roddyrnleaned closer to Rita, taking advantage of the confusion, \"We needrnto get downstairs and remove the cable!\" \"How?\"rnRita countered, still gaping at the tadpoles, \"It's impossible!\" Roddy'srneyes trailed along the floor, noticing a long tube that wound acrossrnthe roof, leading to two large cans of liquid nitrogen. He grinned asrnan idea popped into his head, and he faced Rita again, \"England'srnwinning! Anything's possible!\" Ritarnraised an eyebrow, staring at him with a look that said what shernthought, Roddy's gone insane, step away before you get hurt! ButrnRoddy instead bent down and picked up the green tube, pulling at thernknob that held it together. Instantly it burst open, and Rita'srneyes lit up as it began spraying liquid nitrogen everywhere. Shernbounded over the pile of ice, laughing. Letrnthe fun begin. A/N: Okay, there you go. Anything in quotations after Rita meets the Toad is from the actual movie (I was watching it as I was writing, so I would pause it to write the quote, and then play some more of it to do it all over again). Hope you liked it! Please review to tell me what you thought!","Summary":" A/N: Yet another Flushed Away fic, as I just bought the movie today. ;) I don't know why I like it ","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Humor Romance  - Words: 3,163 - Reviews: 11 - Favs: 10 - Follows: 3 - Published: 5 5 2007 - Status: Complete - id: 3524858 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Red Dress","Author":"moonliteshdow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3614338","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey everyone, hope you enjoy the story! Obviously I don't own Flushed Away – if this were Aardman the story would be a damn sight better than this, LOL. I love the movie and just had to contribute my bit, inspired by the other cool stories in this section. Red Dress 'Well. I've got it on,' Rita's voice reluctantly echoed through the room. 'What do you think?' She was trying on a dress that her mum had managed to make from some nice red material they had found in the sewers. 'You look lovely dear.' Her mum admired her handiwork. 'You need to find more material like this. I bet I could make you some really nice clothes…' Roddy, who had been carrying a tray of soup through to the living room, simply stared. 'Don't be daft mum. Like I'm gonna go waltzing 'round the sewers wearing this in the middle of the day…' she muttered darkly, catching Roddy's eye and blushing. 'Oh no. That does it, I'm off now…' 'No, no, no!' Roddy near enough tripped over the coffee table and the soup wobbled dangerously as he made his way over to the pair. 'What's all this about then?' 'We're having a bath…' Rita retorted sarcastically. 'What do you think? I'm trying on this stupid dress because mum wants…' '…To see her daughter in something nice for a change.' 'She always looks nice,' commented Roddy politely. 'It's alright, you don't need to lie dear.' Mum patted him on the shoulder. 'But I'm not,' Roddy said truthfully. 'Well I know she always looks nice, but if she just wore more ladylike things like this every now and again – they really suit her,' Mum pondered. Rita sighed. 'You do look lovely Rita. But I quite agree that a dress would probably hinder sewer scavenging,' Roddy pointed out. 'Exactly my point Rod, thank you for taking my side.' She scowled at her mother. Rita's mum sighed and went off to break up a wrestling match starting between two of her other children across the room. 'Two against one. Ah well, can't blame me for trying can you?' 'Want to bet? Now let me take this stupid thing off before I go crazy. I'm not comfortable and I feel ridiculous,' Rita muttered darkly. Roddy was still looking at her. She wished he'd look away. Roddy put the tray of soup down on the coffee table. Rita was secretly glad of this because she'd been watching its progress sliding off the tray, and knew it would have gone on the table with the tray or without it. He took hold of her hands and looked at her sincerely. 'Now this behaviour has to stop. You look beautiful Rita.' At first, she raised an eyebrow. Then she realised he meant it, and rolled her eyes at herself, giving a small laugh. 'Thank you Roddy, no bloke's ever said that to me before.' 'Well they must have all been blind…' 'Well this is Ratropolis.' She grinned. 'If they weren't missing their sight then they'd be missing a leg or their marbles….' 'Don't change yet. Why don't we go out or something? Celebrate?' he suggested. 'Celebrate what?' 'Oh, for goodness sake, you don't need a reason; get on out the pair of you!' Rita's mum shouted, holding the previously wrestling small children by their shirt collars in each hand. Perhaps somewhat threatened by this sight, Roddy and Rita quickly moved over to the door, smiling warily. However, as Roddy failed to notice that one of the kids had tied his shoelaces together during their conversation, he stumbled slightly and fell flat on his face as they moved through it. Roddy grinned at Rita nervously from his position on the floor. In the background, the house tilted to the left and they could hear Grandma singing something that sounded suspiciously like 'I love you Tom.' 'Well I suppose that told us.' She smiled, as he finished untying the laces and stood up, brushing his trousers. 'Yes. I didn't really want that soup anyway…' Roddy held out his arm for Rita, and to his relief, she linked it. After walking silently down the path for a couple of minutes, Rita spoke. 'You know it's strange how when you first came here I hated your guts…' 'Yes, well I did manage to give your ruby away to the Toad…' Roddy muttered, annoyed with himself. '… But then I realised you weren't the person I thought you were…' Roddy remained silent. 'You know Roddy, we come from different walks of life, even different classes so I'd understand if you didn't want to hang around me or my family…' Stunned by this statement, Roddy immediately began, 'Rita. Class doesn't matter to me. You and your family matter to me… and… and you don't have to dress up like this to get my attention or for me to consider you a lady. You could be walking around in a… in a bin liner and I'd still want to be around you.' 'Some people around here do …' Grinned Rita. Roddy laughed, and took her hand in his. As they carried on walking, Rita found she had forgotten all about the dress. The flood is nigh… er, I mean: the end is nigh!","LastChapter":"Hey everyone, hope you enjoy the story! Obviously I don't own Flushed Away – if this were Aardman the story would be a damn sight better than this, LOL. I love the movie and just had to contribute my bit, inspired by the other cool stories in this section. Red Dress 'Well. I've got it on,' Rita's voice reluctantly echoed through the room. 'What do you think?' She was trying on a dress that her mum had managed to make from some nice red material they had found in the sewers. 'You look lovely dear.' Her mum admired her handiwork. 'You need to find more material like this. I bet I could make you some really nice clothes…' Roddy, who had been carrying a tray of soup through to the living room, simply stared. 'Don't be daft mum. Like I'm gonna go waltzing 'round the sewers wearing this in the middle of the day…' she muttered darkly, catching Roddy's eye and blushing. 'Oh no. That does it, I'm off now…' 'No, no, no!' Roddy near enough tripped over the coffee table and the soup wobbled dangerously as he made his way over to the pair. 'What's all this about then?' 'We're having a bath…' Rita retorted sarcastically. 'What do you think? I'm trying on this stupid dress because mum wants…' '…To see her daughter in something nice for a change.' 'She always looks nice,' commented Roddy politely. 'It's alright, you don't need to lie dear.' Mum patted him on the shoulder. 'But I'm not,' Roddy said truthfully. 'Well I know she always looks nice, but if she just wore more ladylike things like this every now and again – they really suit her,' Mum pondered. Rita sighed. 'You do look lovely Rita. But I quite agree that a dress would probably hinder sewer scavenging,' Roddy pointed out. 'Exactly my point Rod, thank you for taking my side.' She scowled at her mother. Rita's mum sighed and went off to break up a wrestling match starting between two of her other children across the room. 'Two against one. Ah well, can't blame me for trying can you?' 'Want to bet? Now let me take this stupid thing off before I go crazy. I'm not comfortable and I feel ridiculous,' Rita muttered darkly. Roddy was still looking at her. She wished he'd look away. Roddy put the tray of soup down on the coffee table. Rita was secretly glad of this because she'd been watching its progress sliding off the tray, and knew it would have gone on the table with the tray or without it. He took hold of her hands and looked at her sincerely. 'Now this behaviour has to stop. You look beautiful Rita.' At first, she raised an eyebrow. Then she realised he meant it, and rolled her eyes at herself, giving a small laugh. 'Thank you Roddy, no bloke's ever said that to me before.' 'Well they must have all been blind…' 'Well this is Ratropolis.' She grinned. 'If they weren't missing their sight then they'd be missing a leg or their marbles….' 'Don't change yet. Why don't we go out or something? Celebrate?' he suggested. 'Celebrate what?' 'Oh, for goodness sake, you don't need a reason; get on out the pair of you!' Rita's mum shouted, holding the previously wrestling small children by their shirt collars in each hand. Perhaps somewhat threatened by this sight, Roddy and Rita quickly moved over to the door, smiling warily. However, as Roddy failed to notice that one of the kids had tied his shoelaces together during their conversation, he stumbled slightly and fell flat on his face as they moved through it. Roddy grinned at Rita nervously from his position on the floor. In the background, the house tilted to the left and they could hear Grandma singing something that sounded suspiciously like 'I love you Tom.' 'Well I suppose that told us.' She smiled, as he finished untying the laces and stood up, brushing his trousers. 'Yes. I didn't really want that soup anyway…' Roddy held out his arm for Rita, and to his relief, she linked it. After walking silently down the path for a couple of minutes, Rita spoke. 'You know it's strange how when you first came here I hated your guts…' 'Yes, well I did manage to give your ruby away to the Toad…' Roddy muttered, annoyed with himself. '… But then I realised you weren't the person I thought you were…' Roddy remained silent. 'You know Roddy, we come from different walks of life, even different classes so I'd understand if you didn't want to hang around me or my family…' Stunned by this statement, Roddy immediately began, 'Rita. Class doesn't matter to me. You and your family matter to me… and… and you don't have to dress up like this to get my attention or for me to consider you a lady. You could be walking around in a… in a bin liner and I'd still want to be around you.' 'Some people around here do …' Grinned Rita. Roddy laughed, and took her hand in his. As they carried on walking, Rita found she had forgotten all about the dress. The flood is nigh… er, I mean: the end is nigh!","Summary":" Hey everyone, hope you enjoy the story! Obviously I don't own Flushed Away – if this were Aardman t","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Humor  - Words: 909 - Reviews: 7 - Favs: 12 - Follows: 4 - Published: 6 24 2007 - Status: Complete - id: 3614338 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"A Warm Evening","Author":"goldenflash100","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10028859","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys! :3 I know that you guys really want me to update 'It's Complicated?' but I watched Flushed Away the other night and just had to write this! Hope you guys like it! Roddy finished piling up the dishes from their dinner and proceeded to take them below deck, which he would deal with tomorrow. Rita was already lying in her sock, fast asleep; same routine as usual. He grabbed his own sock and rolled it out. They had built the Jammy Dodger ll a few weeks ago and had been living on it until they could find suitable housing for Rita's family and themselves. He tiptoed over to her sleeping form; she had fallen asleep as soon as dinner was done, she was tired from all the house hunting they underwent that day. Roddy brushed a strand of hair behind her ear, and just like the routine, Rita stirred slightly at his touch. He bent down and took in her features. It was a sight he would never tire of, no matter how many times he saw it. Leaning down further, he lightly kissed her on the check; then returned to his bedding across from her. He didn't see the small smile that turned the corners of her lips up. He snuggled under the material and promptly fell fast asleep. Roddy's P.O.V What's that sound? I awoke to the sound of…of… it kinda sounded like whimpering? Whimpering? Who's whimpering? 'Mmm….yes… *whimper* uuunnnhhh.' I looked over to the sleeping form of my best friend and captain. She was tangled in her sheets, moving around and moaning. I felt my cheeks heat up at how suggestive they sounded; ignoring her pleas \"for more\", I turned onto my other side and tried to go back to sleep. 'YES!' I jumped at the sudden loudness of her voice. 'Yes…R….r…Ro...' My ears perked at the sound of an R. Surely she can't, no…she wouldn't…. My whole face must have been flushed at the thought of Rita dreaming naughty things with…me! 'Ro…Rod…. Mmmmm.' ROD! As in Roddy! No…nonononoonno….I'm just imagining things! 'Roddy …' It was so quiet, at first I thought I imagined it; until she said it again, and again, and again, each time with more urgency in her voice. '..Roddy…Roddy….RODDY!' Then, she was quiet, the only sound coming from her was the heavy breathing and slight movements. I didn't know what to think of this. Maybe a bit of sleep will help. The next morning: I stood below deck preparing some breakfast for the two of us after cleaning last night's dishes. I heard footsteps up head and my eyes flickered to the hatch separating the two levels and saw Ritta climbing down. Memories from last night appeared in my head and my face instantly heated up. A thud signaled her landing on floorboards and the footsteps that followed caused my eyes to move to the face I was so familiar with. 'Good morning Rita!' I tried to put on my cheeriest tone and finished plating up the pancakes. 'G-Good morning...Roddy.' I noticed the stutter and pause but ignored it, for her sake. Picking up both plates I made my way up the steps to the top deck, set both of the plates onto the flip out table and grabbed two chairs. Sitting down, I placed the syrup and butter on the table and waited for Rita to join me. Breakfast was awkward to say the least. We didn't talk until both of us were finished. I was sipping on my coffee when she asked me a question that almost made me choke. 'Roddy, I didn't wake you up last night did I?' Gulping down the coffee in my mouth, I tried to keep my voice steady as to not hint at me hearing her…moaning. 'Well… I heard you moving around, but I fell asleep again super quick, so don't worry about it.' 'I didn't…sleep talk, did I?' I looked up and saw the obvious blush across her face. Her eyes were concentrating on her thumbs as she twiddled them. 'I…I may have heard some… whimpering and moans, but that was it!' The red across her cheeks darkened and I decided to let her be for the moment. Collecting the dishes I went over to the tea cup that acted as the sink. The evening was no better than the morning. Rita fell overboard just before dinner and she was wearing her last clean top; being the gentleman I was, I kindly offered her mine, the same shirt from our very first encounter. So I ended up having to serve and eat dinner shirtless, but it was pretty amusing to see how flustered Rita got over the sight of my bare chest. Once again, I took the empty dishes from our meal below deck and grabbed my sock from under the bench. After laying it out, I walked quietly over to Rita's sleeping form and brushed a few strands of her hair behind her ear. She stirred more so than usual but I brushed it off on the account of the somewhat warm evening. I crouched down and lifted a hand to caress her check. I swear it looks like she blushing…maybe she having another dream. I moved forward and began to lean in to kiss her cheek; a few milliseconds after I made contact, my blood ran cold. 'You do this often?' The surprise in hearing her voice caused me to jump back, but my heal got caught on one of the floorboards and I fell onto my back, leaving me temporarily breathless. I could see Rita slide out of bed and walk over to my now cowering form. 'I asked you a question Roddy.' 'W-Well…' I stammered as I scratched the back of my neck, avoiding her stare. I glanced up briefly and at once noticed the bright pink tint across her cheeks. Seems I wasn't the only one affected by getting caught out. 'How often do you…you…,' 'Kiss you?' 'Y-Yeah.' I stifled a giggle at her change of a commanding dominant tone with a hint of amusement, to one of embarrassment. 'Well, every night I guess.' 'Every night!?' The change in her expression caused my eyes to shut automatically as I awaited the punishment that was sure to come. 'Well then Roddy, I guess it's time for me to pay you back.' I peeked out from under my eyelashes to see Rita descending to straddle me just above my hips. Confused and scared, I half expected her to slap me across the face a dozen times by now, but by her taking her time… it seemed like she was going to do something much more torturous. She placed her arms on either side of my shoulders, effectively stopping me from squirming or trying to get away. She had a grin on her lips and DAMN! That's the sexiest grin I've ever seen, but I really shouldn't be thinking like that right now as this may potentially be my last few minutes of life. I couldn't help but notice the display of her cleavage as it was right in front of my face, once again being the gentleman I am, I avert my eyes and try to stop the blush on my face. 'Oooh! Is Roddy getting flustered?!' I felt her weight shift as she leaned back up and I chanced a look at her again. My eyeballs nearly burst of out my head as I saw her folding her arms under her…breasts…thus pushing them up and out. Although I turned my head, I couldn't stop myself from glancing occasionally as I'm a male, and frankly, it was SEXY AS HELL. After seeing my reaction, she seemed satisfied enough to continue with her pay back and once again lent over and placed a hand either side of my shoulders. She leaned down, until her face was inches away from mine and started peppering my face with kisses! 'W-What are you d-doing?!' 'I'm paying you back of course!' She exclaimed matter of factly. 'What?' She paused between kisses to answer my question. 'Well, I figured that since you kissed me every night for a month and a half, I should kiss you just as many times.' I quickly did some math and figured it was about 45 kisses give or take a few. Just as I thought she had finished, I felt the trail of kisses leave my jawline and slowly make its way down my neck. A moan passed my lips before I even registered it. As suddenly as it started, it stopped. Feeling quite frustrated that she had stopped just as I began to really enjoy it, decided to turn the tables. Rita's P.O.V I heard a moan escape from his lips and thought that that would be enough to leave him flustered for a while. Getting up to go to bed, I felt his arms snake around my waist before pulling me done to the floor. Roddy climbed over me, straddling my hips and placing his arms on either side of my shoulders, just like how I had cornered him before. I felt a rush of blood flow to my cheeks as I looked at his bare chest in front of me, the scenes from my dreams all too similar. 'Uh uh uh! It's not polite to tease a man Rita. And for that,' He leaned down, seductively whispering into my ear, 'I'm going to make you beg for more!' I felt myself being turned on by the commanding tone of his voice. It was nice to hear him tell what to do for once, since I was the captain, I was always giving the orders. He leaned down further and I could feel his hot breath on my face; I lifted my hands and placed them on his bare chest, electricity zapping up my fingers at the contact of my skin on his. I wanted to feel this sensation all over my body; I just couldn't get enough of him. This was the closest that we've been; he leaned down further, his lips connecting with mine. It was so light, like a feather brushing against my lips; it was unlike any other feeling I had felt before. He kissed me again, harder and longer this time; our lips perfectly molded together, like they had been made just for this purpose. A small moan bubbled up my throat and escaped my lips. I gazed up into his caramel irises and he moved back slowly before kissing me again, though with more urgency this time, he never broke eye contact. I felt passion in the air and a feeling enveloped us and it was like I could only see him, everything else became white noise in the back ground. His tongue flicked over my bottom lip as if asking for entry; I parted them and moaned as his tongue darted in to feel mine. I lifted my arms and wrapped them around his neck, pulling my smaller frame off of the deck to deepen the kiss. I moaned around his tongue, the vibrations causing a moan to growl out of his throat. It was the sexiest noise I had ever heard. I felt an arm wrap around my waist while the other still held us both off of the deck. I felt his lips leave mine and they lightly kissed their way down my neck. I yelped slightly as he bit down on the skin in the crook of my neck, my weak spot! I felt his grin on his lips as he lightly nibbled and licked the sensitive area. I moaned and growled, unable to stop myself from vocalizing my pleasure. He moved down to kiss and suckle my collar bone, eliciting another moan out of my mouth. He pulled me in for another heart stopping, mind blowing kiss as he shifted our position so he was now leaning against the back of the boat and I was straddling his hips. Although I was now the one on top, he still dominated me by practically sucking my tongue out of my mouth, but I had no problem with that. Roddy's P.O.V After licking, biting and kissing all of the visible skin on Rita's neck, I still hungered for more. Moving one of my hands from her waist, I undone the first three buttons on my shirt she was currently wearing. Seeing her in it turned me on more then I'd thought, I was sure I saw breath in my scent off the collar once or twice. I heard a quiet yelp near my ear as my tongue licked its way across the newly uncovered skin. Rita moaned again as I nibbled on the skin near her breasts. I could see the top of her make shift bra, a simple bit of elastic with straps. Her head lolled back with her tongue hanging out slightly as I made sure to taste all of her upper chest. My hands glided up and down her back before finally finding the hem to my white shirt she was wearing. I slipped one hand under and immediately felt the rush of heat to my fingertips as they grazed the surface of her skin. Rita's hands were busy tangling themselves in my brown locks as I pleasured the beautiful girl before me. Then, while I was busy nibbling the skin under her ear, I felt her attack my neck, following the same path mine had on her own. She nibbled and kissed and licked until she found the one place I couldn't help but moan as her tongue slid over it. It was halfway between the crook of my neck and my collar bone. Rita nibbled it relentlessly, giving no mercy; so it wasn't long before it happened. 'Rita…' I moaned it; unable to keep up the wall up to stop, it was like uttering that one name had broken the dam and I couldn't stop. 'Rita…' Rita's P.O.V I heard him moan my name. My heart rate peaked and I was sure I would die of heart failure if he uttered it again. 'Rita…' Oh DAMN! He said it again! I couldn't help but rush up to kiss him hungrily. I felt his fingers slide under the material on the back of my bra. 'Unnnh…Roddy…' I moaned his name and his lips traveled back to the crook of my neck. I couldn't help but feel a burning in the core of my body, causing me to slightly grind into his groin. Immediately a moan erupted from both of our mouths but just as I was about to do it again, I felt my body being picked up and dropped onto the floor. I winced at the pain but confusion was the main thing on my mind. 'Why'd you stop?' I pouted slightly, Roddy just laughed lightly at me. Just when we were getting to the good part too?! He was already standing and smoothing out his ruffled and tangled hair courtesy of me. I stood, my legs trembling slightly, threatening to give way if I didn't sit down soon. I sat on my bed, not bothering to button up Roddy's shirt I was wearing. Unconsciously, I brought the collar near my nose and inhaled his smell. I heard snickering and turned to see a giggling Roddy, clearly enjoying the way he had empowered me. 'Enjoying yourself there?' I just stuck out my tongue at him and waited till I thought I could trust my legs again. Getting up, I walked up to Roddy's back and wrapped my arms around him loosely, repeating my previous question quietly into his ear. 'Why'd you stop?' It came out breathy and caused the male to turn his head slightly to look behind him. He turned and wrapped his arms around me so quickly, it was all a blur. He then dipped me till I was just above the floor. Leaning down till ours faces were just slightly apart he whispered into my ear, 'I told you I'd leave you begging for more…' He moved as if to kiss me and I pursed my lips expecting the familiar tingle of his touch but instead he dropped me again. It didn't hurt as much as last time as I was only about an inch or so off the ground but it was enough for me to lose my train of thought from the impact. He just chuckled at the look on my face; I wasn't too happy about being proven wrong. But, I just couldn't help it! If I'd known that Roddy was such an expert at kissing, I wouldn't have let him even try to prove his point; but…I had wanted him to be right, to leave me begging for more, to leave dreaming of the next time it would happen. Roddy's P.O.V I finally stopped chuckling as Rita's stood up and dusted herself off. I noticed that she still hadn't buttoned up the shirt and I smirked as she went to retie her ponytail. I crawled into bed and faced the side of the boat, leaving Rita to fix herself up for bed in privacy. Being a warm night, I removed my black slacks and folded them before placing them on the floor near my bed. I felt the boat rocking slightly as Rita moved around. 'Good night Rita.' I said quietly before allowing my eyes to close. I was surprised when I didn't get an answer but instead felt part of the sock being lifted and another body sliding in next to me. I turned over, coming face to face with Rita. 'What are you doing?' 'What?! Can't I sleep where I want to? This is my boat after all!' 'OUR boat since I did most of the heavy lifting.' 'BUT, I'm still the captain.' '…Really?!' I looked at her, a confused and amused look on my face. 'What?!' 'Your excuse to sleep in the same bed as me is because you're the captain?' '…' 'There's no other reason?' 'I-I kinda wanted to be close to you again.' 'Pardon?' 'I said, I-I kinda wanted to be close to you again.' 'Still can't hear you.' 'You're enjoying this way too much… I said, I kinda wanted to be close to you again.' She huffed it out, turning her head away from me before I reached out and wrapped my arms around her and pulling her closer. It was then that I felt her bare legs against mine. 'E-er, R-Rita…Are you wearing anything over your um…you know…. undergarments ?' I was blushing madly as I asked her this, her answer coming in the form of her rubbing her bare legs up against mine. 'If you're not wearing pants, then why should I.' 'Because I'm sure you've got other motives then to just sleep and I don't want us to do anything… rash.' She looked up at me understanding my wants of not pushing her and taking it slow. Sighing loudly she mumbled an 'Alright,' and turned over so we were now spooning. Just as I was about to fall asleep I heard a faint whisper. 'Good night Roddy.' So…Watcha think? Please R&R;! Also, reveim or P.M me if you want more of this story! :3 Goldenflash100 OUT!","LastChapter":"Hey guys! :3 I know that you guys really want me to update 'It's Complicated?' but I watched Flushed Away the other night and just had to write this! Hope you guys like it! Roddy finished piling up the dishes from their dinner and proceeded to take them below deck, which he would deal with tomorrow. Rita was already lying in her sock, fast asleep; same routine as usual. He grabbed his own sock and rolled it out. They had built the Jammy Dodger ll a few weeks ago and had been living on it until they could find suitable housing for Rita's family and themselves. He tiptoed over to her sleeping form; she had fallen asleep as soon as dinner was done, she was tired from all the house hunting they underwent that day. Roddy brushed a strand of hair behind her ear, and just like the routine, Rita stirred slightly at his touch. He bent down and took in her features. It was a sight he would never tire of, no matter how many times he saw it. Leaning down further, he lightly kissed her on the check; then returned to his bedding across from her. He didn't see the small smile that turned the corners of her lips up. He snuggled under the material and promptly fell fast asleep. Roddy's P.O.V What's that sound? I awoke to the sound of…of… it kinda sounded like whimpering? Whimpering? Who's whimpering? 'Mmm….yes… *whimper* uuunnnhhh.' I looked over to the sleeping form of my best friend and captain. She was tangled in her sheets, moving around and moaning. I felt my cheeks heat up at how suggestive they sounded; ignoring her pleas \"for more\", I turned onto my other side and tried to go back to sleep. 'YES!' I jumped at the sudden loudness of her voice. 'Yes…R….r…Ro...' My ears perked at the sound of an R. Surely she can't, no…she wouldn't…. My whole face must have been flushed at the thought of Rita dreaming naughty things with…me! 'Ro…Rod…. Mmmmm.' ROD! As in Roddy! No…nonononoonno….I'm just imagining things! 'Roddy …' It was so quiet, at first I thought I imagined it; until she said it again, and again, and again, each time with more urgency in her voice. '..Roddy…Roddy….RODDY!' Then, she was quiet, the only sound coming from her was the heavy breathing and slight movements. I didn't know what to think of this. Maybe a bit of sleep will help. The next morning: I stood below deck preparing some breakfast for the two of us after cleaning last night's dishes. I heard footsteps up head and my eyes flickered to the hatch separating the two levels and saw Ritta climbing down. Memories from last night appeared in my head and my face instantly heated up. A thud signaled her landing on floorboards and the footsteps that followed caused my eyes to move to the face I was so familiar with. 'Good morning Rita!' I tried to put on my cheeriest tone and finished plating up the pancakes. 'G-Good morning...Roddy.' I noticed the stutter and pause but ignored it, for her sake. Picking up both plates I made my way up the steps to the top deck, set both of the plates onto the flip out table and grabbed two chairs. Sitting down, I placed the syrup and butter on the table and waited for Rita to join me. Breakfast was awkward to say the least. We didn't talk until both of us were finished. I was sipping on my coffee when she asked me a question that almost made me choke. 'Roddy, I didn't wake you up last night did I?' Gulping down the coffee in my mouth, I tried to keep my voice steady as to not hint at me hearing her…moaning. 'Well… I heard you moving around, but I fell asleep again super quick, so don't worry about it.' 'I didn't…sleep talk, did I?' I looked up and saw the obvious blush across her face. Her eyes were concentrating on her thumbs as she twiddled them. 'I…I may have heard some… whimpering and moans, but that was it!' The red across her cheeks darkened and I decided to let her be for the moment. Collecting the dishes I went over to the tea cup that acted as the sink. The evening was no better than the morning. Rita fell overboard just before dinner and she was wearing her last clean top; being the gentleman I was, I kindly offered her mine, the same shirt from our very first encounter. So I ended up having to serve and eat dinner shirtless, but it was pretty amusing to see how flustered Rita got over the sight of my bare chest. Once again, I took the empty dishes from our meal below deck and grabbed my sock from under the bench. After laying it out, I walked quietly over to Rita's sleeping form and brushed a few strands of her hair behind her ear. She stirred more so than usual but I brushed it off on the account of the somewhat warm evening. I crouched down and lifted a hand to caress her check. I swear it looks like she blushing…maybe she having another dream. I moved forward and began to lean in to kiss her cheek; a few milliseconds after I made contact, my blood ran cold. 'You do this often?' The surprise in hearing her voice caused me to jump back, but my heal got caught on one of the floorboards and I fell onto my back, leaving me temporarily breathless. I could see Rita slide out of bed and walk over to my now cowering form. 'I asked you a question Roddy.' 'W-Well…' I stammered as I scratched the back of my neck, avoiding her stare. I glanced up briefly and at once noticed the bright pink tint across her cheeks. Seems I wasn't the only one affected by getting caught out. 'How often do you…you…,' 'Kiss you?' 'Y-Yeah.' I stifled a giggle at her change of a commanding dominant tone with a hint of amusement, to one of embarrassment. 'Well, every night I guess.' 'Every night!?' The change in her expression caused my eyes to shut automatically as I awaited the punishment that was sure to come. 'Well then Roddy, I guess it's time for me to pay you back.' I peeked out from under my eyelashes to see Rita descending to straddle me just above my hips. Confused and scared, I half expected her to slap me across the face a dozen times by now, but by her taking her time… it seemed like she was going to do something much more torturous. She placed her arms on either side of my shoulders, effectively stopping me from squirming or trying to get away. She had a grin on her lips and DAMN! That's the sexiest grin I've ever seen, but I really shouldn't be thinking like that right now as this may potentially be my last few minutes of life. I couldn't help but notice the display of her cleavage as it was right in front of my face, once again being the gentleman I am, I avert my eyes and try to stop the blush on my face. 'Oooh! Is Roddy getting flustered?!' I felt her weight shift as she leaned back up and I chanced a look at her again. My eyeballs nearly burst of out my head as I saw her folding her arms under her…breasts…thus pushing them up and out. Although I turned my head, I couldn't stop myself from glancing occasionally as I'm a male, and frankly, it was SEXY AS HELL. After seeing my reaction, she seemed satisfied enough to continue with her pay back and once again lent over and placed a hand either side of my shoulders. She leaned down, until her face was inches away from mine and started peppering my face with kisses! 'W-What are you d-doing?!' 'I'm paying you back of course!' She exclaimed matter of factly. 'What?' She paused between kisses to answer my question. 'Well, I figured that since you kissed me every night for a month and a half, I should kiss you just as many times.' I quickly did some math and figured it was about 45 kisses give or take a few. Just as I thought she had finished, I felt the trail of kisses leave my jawline and slowly make its way down my neck. A moan passed my lips before I even registered it. As suddenly as it started, it stopped. Feeling quite frustrated that she had stopped just as I began to really enjoy it, decided to turn the tables. Rita's P.O.V I heard a moan escape from his lips and thought that that would be enough to leave him flustered for a while. Getting up to go to bed, I felt his arms snake around my waist before pulling me done to the floor. Roddy climbed over me, straddling my hips and placing his arms on either side of my shoulders, just like how I had cornered him before. I felt a rush of blood flow to my cheeks as I looked at his bare chest in front of me, the scenes from my dreams all too similar. 'Uh uh uh! It's not polite to tease a man Rita. And for that,' He leaned down, seductively whispering into my ear, 'I'm going to make you beg for more!' I felt myself being turned on by the commanding tone of his voice. It was nice to hear him tell what to do for once, since I was the captain, I was always giving the orders. He leaned down further and I could feel his hot breath on my face; I lifted my hands and placed them on his bare chest, electricity zapping up my fingers at the contact of my skin on his. I wanted to feel this sensation all over my body; I just couldn't get enough of him. This was the closest that we've been; he leaned down further, his lips connecting with mine. It was so light, like a feather brushing against my lips; it was unlike any other feeling I had felt before. He kissed me again, harder and longer this time; our lips perfectly molded together, like they had been made just for this purpose. A small moan bubbled up my throat and escaped my lips. I gazed up into his caramel irises and he moved back slowly before kissing me again, though with more urgency this time, he never broke eye contact. I felt passion in the air and a feeling enveloped us and it was like I could only see him, everything else became white noise in the back ground. His tongue flicked over my bottom lip as if asking for entry; I parted them and moaned as his tongue darted in to feel mine. I lifted my arms and wrapped them around his neck, pulling my smaller frame off of the deck to deepen the kiss. I moaned around his tongue, the vibrations causing a moan to growl out of his throat. It was the sexiest noise I had ever heard. I felt an arm wrap around my waist while the other still held us both off of the deck. I felt his lips leave mine and they lightly kissed their way down my neck. I yelped slightly as he bit down on the skin in the crook of my neck, my weak spot! I felt his grin on his lips as he lightly nibbled and licked the sensitive area. I moaned and growled, unable to stop myself from vocalizing my pleasure. He moved down to kiss and suckle my collar bone, eliciting another moan out of my mouth. He pulled me in for another heart stopping, mind blowing kiss as he shifted our position so he was now leaning against the back of the boat and I was straddling his hips. Although I was now the one on top, he still dominated me by practically sucking my tongue out of my mouth, but I had no problem with that. Roddy's P.O.V After licking, biting and kissing all of the visible skin on Rita's neck, I still hungered for more. Moving one of my hands from her waist, I undone the first three buttons on my shirt she was currently wearing. Seeing her in it turned me on more then I'd thought, I was sure I saw breath in my scent off the collar once or twice. I heard a quiet yelp near my ear as my tongue licked its way across the newly uncovered skin. Rita moaned again as I nibbled on the skin near her breasts. I could see the top of her make shift bra, a simple bit of elastic with straps. Her head lolled back with her tongue hanging out slightly as I made sure to taste all of her upper chest. My hands glided up and down her back before finally finding the hem to my white shirt she was wearing. I slipped one hand under and immediately felt the rush of heat to my fingertips as they grazed the surface of her skin. Rita's hands were busy tangling themselves in my brown locks as I pleasured the beautiful girl before me. Then, while I was busy nibbling the skin under her ear, I felt her attack my neck, following the same path mine had on her own. She nibbled and kissed and licked until she found the one place I couldn't help but moan as her tongue slid over it. It was halfway between the crook of my neck and my collar bone. Rita nibbled it relentlessly, giving no mercy; so it wasn't long before it happened. 'Rita…' I moaned it; unable to keep up the wall up to stop, it was like uttering that one name had broken the dam and I couldn't stop. 'Rita…' Rita's P.O.V I heard him moan my name. My heart rate peaked and I was sure I would die of heart failure if he uttered it again. 'Rita…' Oh DAMN! He said it again! I couldn't help but rush up to kiss him hungrily. I felt his fingers slide under the material on the back of my bra. 'Unnnh…Roddy…' I moaned his name and his lips traveled back to the crook of my neck. I couldn't help but feel a burning in the core of my body, causing me to slightly grind into his groin. Immediately a moan erupted from both of our mouths but just as I was about to do it again, I felt my body being picked up and dropped onto the floor. I winced at the pain but confusion was the main thing on my mind. 'Why'd you stop?' I pouted slightly, Roddy just laughed lightly at me. Just when we were getting to the good part too?! He was already standing and smoothing out his ruffled and tangled hair courtesy of me. I stood, my legs trembling slightly, threatening to give way if I didn't sit down soon. I sat on my bed, not bothering to button up Roddy's shirt I was wearing. Unconsciously, I brought the collar near my nose and inhaled his smell. I heard snickering and turned to see a giggling Roddy, clearly enjoying the way he had empowered me. 'Enjoying yourself there?' I just stuck out my tongue at him and waited till I thought I could trust my legs again. Getting up, I walked up to Roddy's back and wrapped my arms around him loosely, repeating my previous question quietly into his ear. 'Why'd you stop?' It came out breathy and caused the male to turn his head slightly to look behind him. He turned and wrapped his arms around me so quickly, it was all a blur. He then dipped me till I was just above the floor. Leaning down till ours faces were just slightly apart he whispered into my ear, 'I told you I'd leave you begging for more…' He moved as if to kiss me and I pursed my lips expecting the familiar tingle of his touch but instead he dropped me again. It didn't hurt as much as last time as I was only about an inch or so off the ground but it was enough for me to lose my train of thought from the impact. He just chuckled at the look on my face; I wasn't too happy about being proven wrong. But, I just couldn't help it! If I'd known that Roddy was such an expert at kissing, I wouldn't have let him even try to prove his point; but…I had wanted him to be right, to leave me begging for more, to leave dreaming of the next time it would happen. Roddy's P.O.V I finally stopped chuckling as Rita's stood up and dusted herself off. I noticed that she still hadn't buttoned up the shirt and I smirked as she went to retie her ponytail. I crawled into bed and faced the side of the boat, leaving Rita to fix herself up for bed in privacy. Being a warm night, I removed my black slacks and folded them before placing them on the floor near my bed. I felt the boat rocking slightly as Rita moved around. 'Good night Rita.' I said quietly before allowing my eyes to close. I was surprised when I didn't get an answer but instead felt part of the sock being lifted and another body sliding in next to me. I turned over, coming face to face with Rita. 'What are you doing?' 'What?! Can't I sleep where I want to? This is my boat after all!' 'OUR boat since I did most of the heavy lifting.' 'BUT, I'm still the captain.' '…Really?!' I looked at her, a confused and amused look on my face. 'What?!' 'Your excuse to sleep in the same bed as me is because you're the captain?' '…' 'There's no other reason?' 'I-I kinda wanted to be close to you again.' 'Pardon?' 'I said, I-I kinda wanted to be close to you again.' 'Still can't hear you.' 'You're enjoying this way too much… I said, I kinda wanted to be close to you again.' She huffed it out, turning her head away from me before I reached out and wrapped my arms around her and pulling her closer. It was then that I felt her bare legs against mine. 'E-er, R-Rita…Are you wearing anything over your um…you know…. undergarments ?' I was blushing madly as I asked her this, her answer coming in the form of her rubbing her bare legs up against mine. 'If you're not wearing pants, then why should I.' 'Because I'm sure you've got other motives then to just sleep and I don't want us to do anything… rash.' She looked up at me understanding my wants of not pushing her and taking it slow. Sighing loudly she mumbled an 'Alright,' and turned over so we were now spooning. Just as I was about to fall asleep I heard a faint whisper. 'Good night Roddy.' So…Watcha think? Please R&R;! Also, reveim or P.M me if you want more of this story! :3 Goldenflash100 OUT!","Summary":" Hey guys! :3 I know that you guys really want me to update 'It's Complicated?' but I watched Flushe","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Romance Humor  - Words: 3,221 - Reviews: 22 - Favs: 30 - Follows: 17 - Published: 1 16 2014 - Status: Complete - id: 10028859 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"After You've Rescued Me","Author":"samuraistar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6013989","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AAAAAAAAAAAH! (lands on face in sewer water) Um…Hi, everybody! The name's samuraistar, and I am a HUGE Flushed Away fan, and a total Roddy/Rita love fan! I thought I'd stick my toes in the sewer water here with a one-shot; I especially hope Roddyheart will look at it (you seem to be the dominant writer in this section). I hope I've captured them well, and I humbly lay my work at your feet for your (hopeful) enjoyment! Please leave a review and please enjoy! \"They say teasing's a sign of love.\" —Haru Sohma, Fruits Basket Title: After You've Rescued Me Full Summary : Roddy finishes his soul-baring confession to Rita aboard the Jammy Dodger II. \"See that one there?\" Rita pointed out, \"That's the Big Cheese Dipper. Actually, it's the Big Dipper, but we call it the Big Cheese Dipper in my family.\" \"I like that,\" Roddy smiled up at the famous constellation. He and Rita were lying head-to-head on their resting places aboard the new Jammy Dodger (which were the same as on the first one), watching the stars through the open space with the English Ivy growing over the brick walls. \"And that one,\" she pointed at a different one, \"is Nicodemus, former leader of the Rats of NIMH.\" \"Really?\" he asked, his interest piqued, \"Where? I don't see him.\" \"Look.\" She scooted closer and pointed with her arm next to his face. \"Those two bright ones are his eyes, that straight line is his staff, and those wavy lines are his mustache.\" \"Oh, there he is,\" said Roddy, \"That's amazing! Okay, here's one.\" Now he pointed. \"See that sort of circle-shaped ring there?\" \"Yeah,\" she said. \"There's a face just underneath. See it?\" Rita stared squinty-eyed at it for a while, then her face lit up. \"Blimey, it's Elvis!\" she laughed, \"I don't believe it!\" \"Thank you very much,\" he imitated The King. Rita laughed again. \"My father and I used to do this all the time when I was a kid,\" she said and pillowed her head with one hand. She purposely left out that her parents used to do this before she and the kids were born. \"When Tabitha first brought me home,\" said Roddy, \"I had trouble sleeping the first month or so, so she'd bring me out of the cage and show me the stars. It's been a long time since I've done this with anyone.\" He thought of all those nights he'd watched the night skies from his cage, when Tabitha felt he was more settled and stopped letting him out, the nights he spent alone. Which reminded him… \"Rita,\" he sighed and sat up, \"I owe you an apology.\" Rita looked curious and sat up, too. \"For what?\" she asked. Roddy leaned his elbows on his knees. \"For not trusting you with the truth,\" he said in a sad, quiet voice, \"And for pushing you away.\" Rita thought for a second. \"Oh,\" she realized, \"The family thing. Roddy, really it's okay—\" \"I-I know,\" he said with his hands up, \"But please, let me apologize anyway. I feel I have to do this before it drives me mad.\" \"Well, okay,\" she smiled and placed her feet on the floor, \"If it'll keep you sane.\" \"Right.\" He shifted to face her directly, so their knees almost touched. Roddy laid his hand over hers. \"Rita, I'm sorry,\" he said truthfully, \"You were right about me, you were right about everything, as I said before. I thought if you knew I lived alone, with no family or friends or anyone , you'd think I was a pathetic loser, like Sid said. I should have remembered that if I could trust you with my life as I have, then I could trust you with the truth.\" Rita covered his hand with her other one. \"What is the truth, Roddy?\" she asked gently. Roddy looked at her for a moment, seeing in her lovely emerald eyes—bright but toned down for the seriousness of the moment—that it was all right to tell her, that she'd accept him no matter what. He placed his other hand on top of hers, completing the stack. \"The truth is,\" he said before he lost his nerve, \"I was lonely. So lonely I was reduced to talking to dolls like some madman. I loved my home and I loved my life, but at the end of every day all there was, was me. I asked you to take me back because it was all I knew, all I had. I thought I belonged there, even after you left…but looking back on that, I think I was just being stubborn, trying to lick the wounds on my pride.\" \"But you came back,\" she pointed out. \"I came back because of The Toad,\" he said. He held her hands and faced her squarely. \"I stayed because of you.\" Her look of surprise made him smile; she was so unassuming, so humble! No wonder everyone liked her. \"Well,\" she recovered, \"I didn't think you were staying for me mum!\" They chuckled. \"Don't get me wrong, Rita,\" Roddy smiled, \"I adore your mother and have the highest respect for your father. They're exactly what I wish mine were like…\" He reached up and touched her face. \"…but it wasn't until I had you that I realized I had nothing,\" he finished, \"And when I let you walk away like that, I hated myself so much. I was a fool, a proud, idiotic fool…\" He dropped his hand and bowed his head shamefully. \"…and I'm sorry.\" He gently squeezed her hands. \"I know now,\" he said to her face, \"that I only have everything…when I have you. \"I love you, Rita,\" he said softly, \"You are everything to me.\" For a little bit Rita just stared at him with this soft, emotional look in her eyes, sparkling with starlight. Then she smiled. \"I suppose I wasn't foolish after all,\" she said quietly. \"About what?\" \"About you,\" she said, \"I chided myself when I left your place. I was angry at myself, too, for something that's never happened to me before.\" She was getting misty-eyed, so she took a deep breath and rubbed an eye. \"I fell in love with a passenger,\" she confessed, \"and I hated myself for it. I told myself, 'You knew this was going to end, you knew he belonged here, this whole thing was business and you let it get personal,' things like that. I broke the rule everyone breaks in the movies: Don't get emotionally involved.\" She shrugged. \"But I did. I loved you when we got to your house, I loved you when I left, I even loved you when The Toad hung me by the floodgates. I loved you…\" With no warning, she leaned forward and threw her arms around his neck; this time he didn't hesitate. He hugged her back. Then, on a second thought, he stood up with her to hold her properly. They didn't pull apart once. \"Was it Ice Cold Rita?\" he asked with a smile. She chuckled and pulled back a bit. \"Partly,\" she admitted, \"I think I actually started liking you after you hired me, because I teased you about the piranha. I just didn't realize it until I saw you playing Tom Jones for my grandmum. Watching you sing on a duck…it's a little embarrassing, but…as long as we're having confessionals…that's when I first fell in love with you.\" \"Don't worry,\" he whispered playfully, \"I won't tell anyone.\" \"Thanks,\" she giggled, \"but what cinched it for me was when I was dangling in front of the floodgates, and I was terrified of my family being drowned. I had a selfish moment and missed you. Then I heard your voice.\" She was trying to keep her composure now. \"You left your beautiful home behind. You left everything behind to save us—the jewels, the car, the perfection…\" Her voice shook as she looked at him. \"And you came for me, again. You always kept coming after me, even when I tried to push you away, even when a world that wasn't yours was in danger. You came back for me.\" She leaned her forehead on his shoulder and he pressed his hands to her back. \"You always came back for me,\" she said near tears, \"and I love you for it.\" Roddy's heart thumped joyfully inside him; he gently pulled her back and lifted her chin with his knuckles. \"Say again?\" he asked with that charming smile of his. She smiled back. \"I love you, Roddy St. James,\" she said, touching his face. \"And I you, Rita Malone,\" he replied softly, \"I will always come back for you, no matter what.\" He took her face in his hands and kissed her sweet and long. They could have stayed that way forever had a quartet of slugs not floated by. One was singing and the other three backed him up with a doo-wop style background. In the still of the night, I held you, held you tight Roddy rolled his eyes with a groan. Rita chuckled again. \"Why am I not surprised?\" he sighed, \"Oh, well.\" He held her hand up. \"Shall we dance?\" \"Let's,\" she agreed. He twirled her onto the deck and they slow-danced together under the sewer-framed stars. In the still of the night… THE END!","LastChapter":"AAAAAAAAAAAH! (lands on face in sewer water) Um…Hi, everybody! The name's samuraistar, and I am a HUGE Flushed Away fan, and a total Roddy/Rita love fan! I thought I'd stick my toes in the sewer water here with a one-shot; I especially hope Roddyheart will look at it (you seem to be the dominant writer in this section). I hope I've captured them well, and I humbly lay my work at your feet for your (hopeful) enjoyment! Please leave a review and please enjoy! \"They say teasing's a sign of love.\" —Haru Sohma, Fruits Basket Title: After You've Rescued Me Full Summary : Roddy finishes his soul-baring confession to Rita aboard the Jammy Dodger II. \"See that one there?\" Rita pointed out, \"That's the Big Cheese Dipper. Actually, it's the Big Dipper, but we call it the Big Cheese Dipper in my family.\" \"I like that,\" Roddy smiled up at the famous constellation. He and Rita were lying head-to-head on their resting places aboard the new Jammy Dodger (which were the same as on the first one), watching the stars through the open space with the English Ivy growing over the brick walls. \"And that one,\" she pointed at a different one, \"is Nicodemus, former leader of the Rats of NIMH.\" \"Really?\" he asked, his interest piqued, \"Where? I don't see him.\" \"Look.\" She scooted closer and pointed with her arm next to his face. \"Those two bright ones are his eyes, that straight line is his staff, and those wavy lines are his mustache.\" \"Oh, there he is,\" said Roddy, \"That's amazing! Okay, here's one.\" Now he pointed. \"See that sort of circle-shaped ring there?\" \"Yeah,\" she said. \"There's a face just underneath. See it?\" Rita stared squinty-eyed at it for a while, then her face lit up. \"Blimey, it's Elvis!\" she laughed, \"I don't believe it!\" \"Thank you very much,\" he imitated The King. Rita laughed again. \"My father and I used to do this all the time when I was a kid,\" she said and pillowed her head with one hand. She purposely left out that her parents used to do this before she and the kids were born. \"When Tabitha first brought me home,\" said Roddy, \"I had trouble sleeping the first month or so, so she'd bring me out of the cage and show me the stars. It's been a long time since I've done this with anyone.\" He thought of all those nights he'd watched the night skies from his cage, when Tabitha felt he was more settled and stopped letting him out, the nights he spent alone. Which reminded him… \"Rita,\" he sighed and sat up, \"I owe you an apology.\" Rita looked curious and sat up, too. \"For what?\" she asked. Roddy leaned his elbows on his knees. \"For not trusting you with the truth,\" he said in a sad, quiet voice, \"And for pushing you away.\" Rita thought for a second. \"Oh,\" she realized, \"The family thing. Roddy, really it's okay—\" \"I-I know,\" he said with his hands up, \"But please, let me apologize anyway. I feel I have to do this before it drives me mad.\" \"Well, okay,\" she smiled and placed her feet on the floor, \"If it'll keep you sane.\" \"Right.\" He shifted to face her directly, so their knees almost touched. Roddy laid his hand over hers. \"Rita, I'm sorry,\" he said truthfully, \"You were right about me, you were right about everything, as I said before. I thought if you knew I lived alone, with no family or friends or anyone , you'd think I was a pathetic loser, like Sid said. I should have remembered that if I could trust you with my life as I have, then I could trust you with the truth.\" Rita covered his hand with her other one. \"What is the truth, Roddy?\" she asked gently. Roddy looked at her for a moment, seeing in her lovely emerald eyes—bright but toned down for the seriousness of the moment—that it was all right to tell her, that she'd accept him no matter what. He placed his other hand on top of hers, completing the stack. \"The truth is,\" he said before he lost his nerve, \"I was lonely. So lonely I was reduced to talking to dolls like some madman. I loved my home and I loved my life, but at the end of every day all there was, was me. I asked you to take me back because it was all I knew, all I had. I thought I belonged there, even after you left…but looking back on that, I think I was just being stubborn, trying to lick the wounds on my pride.\" \"But you came back,\" she pointed out. \"I came back because of The Toad,\" he said. He held her hands and faced her squarely. \"I stayed because of you.\" Her look of surprise made him smile; she was so unassuming, so humble! No wonder everyone liked her. \"Well,\" she recovered, \"I didn't think you were staying for me mum!\" They chuckled. \"Don't get me wrong, Rita,\" Roddy smiled, \"I adore your mother and have the highest respect for your father. They're exactly what I wish mine were like…\" He reached up and touched her face. \"…but it wasn't until I had you that I realized I had nothing,\" he finished, \"And when I let you walk away like that, I hated myself so much. I was a fool, a proud, idiotic fool…\" He dropped his hand and bowed his head shamefully. \"…and I'm sorry.\" He gently squeezed her hands. \"I know now,\" he said to her face, \"that I only have everything…when I have you. \"I love you, Rita,\" he said softly, \"You are everything to me.\" For a little bit Rita just stared at him with this soft, emotional look in her eyes, sparkling with starlight. Then she smiled. \"I suppose I wasn't foolish after all,\" she said quietly. \"About what?\" \"About you,\" she said, \"I chided myself when I left your place. I was angry at myself, too, for something that's never happened to me before.\" She was getting misty-eyed, so she took a deep breath and rubbed an eye. \"I fell in love with a passenger,\" she confessed, \"and I hated myself for it. I told myself, 'You knew this was going to end, you knew he belonged here, this whole thing was business and you let it get personal,' things like that. I broke the rule everyone breaks in the movies: Don't get emotionally involved.\" She shrugged. \"But I did. I loved you when we got to your house, I loved you when I left, I even loved you when The Toad hung me by the floodgates. I loved you…\" With no warning, she leaned forward and threw her arms around his neck; this time he didn't hesitate. He hugged her back. Then, on a second thought, he stood up with her to hold her properly. They didn't pull apart once. \"Was it Ice Cold Rita?\" he asked with a smile. She chuckled and pulled back a bit. \"Partly,\" she admitted, \"I think I actually started liking you after you hired me, because I teased you about the piranha. I just didn't realize it until I saw you playing Tom Jones for my grandmum. Watching you sing on a duck…it's a little embarrassing, but…as long as we're having confessionals…that's when I first fell in love with you.\" \"Don't worry,\" he whispered playfully, \"I won't tell anyone.\" \"Thanks,\" she giggled, \"but what cinched it for me was when I was dangling in front of the floodgates, and I was terrified of my family being drowned. I had a selfish moment and missed you. Then I heard your voice.\" She was trying to keep her composure now. \"You left your beautiful home behind. You left everything behind to save us—the jewels, the car, the perfection…\" Her voice shook as she looked at him. \"And you came for me, again. You always kept coming after me, even when I tried to push you away, even when a world that wasn't yours was in danger. You came back for me.\" She leaned her forehead on his shoulder and he pressed his hands to her back. \"You always came back for me,\" she said near tears, \"and I love you for it.\" Roddy's heart thumped joyfully inside him; he gently pulled her back and lifted her chin with his knuckles. \"Say again?\" he asked with that charming smile of his. She smiled back. \"I love you, Roddy St. James,\" she said, touching his face. \"And I you, Rita Malone,\" he replied softly, \"I will always come back for you, no matter what.\" He took her face in his hands and kissed her sweet and long. They could have stayed that way forever had a quartet of slugs not floated by. One was singing and the other three backed him up with a doo-wop style background. In the still of the night, I held you, held you tight Roddy rolled his eyes with a groan. Rita chuckled again. \"Why am I not surprised?\" he sighed, \"Oh, well.\" He held her hand up. \"Shall we dance?\" \"Let's,\" she agreed. He twirled her onto the deck and they slow-danced together under the sewer-framed stars. In the still of the night… THE END!","Summary":" AAAAAAAAAAAH! (lands on face in sewer water) Um…Hi, everybody! The name's samuraistar, and I am a H","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K - English - Romance  - Words: 1,721 - Reviews: 14 - Favs: 17 - Follows: 4 - Published: 5 31 2010 - Status: Complete - id: 6013989 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Flushed Away: The Boat Chase","Author":"Zumester","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3567064","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I've always wanted to write something on Flushed Away, convey the characters' feelings somehow, what they were thinking during the movie, and I figured this would be an excellent way to do it! I've decided to do it from multiple points of view (I.E. Roddy/Rita's personal thoughts, going back and forth) throughout the story. These will be represented in italicized text (except for the names of things like The Jammy Dodger ) It's similar to Fornwalt's 'Family Dinner' and 'The Final Battle', (Both excellent stories) but of different scenes of the movie, and a different chapter/character setup. It's my first time writing a fictional story for anything, so here I go! Please review, I would love to hear from everyone who reads this. This here is a rendition of what went through Roddy and Rita's heads during the boat chase, a little time before, during, and after. I plan to write additional material, depending how this goes, on different sections of the movie. As always, none of these amazing characters/locations/plot are owned by me, all of them are copyrighted by Aardman/Dreamworks Animation. Don't bother attacking me over it. Don't steal my story though, deal? --Spits in hand, hands it out to you.-- The Boat Chase Roddy So much for being smooth and charming, Roderick … Roddy thought to himself, jabbing the next barnacle that clung to the hull of the Jammy Dodger . He found himself swaying from side to side on a rickety chair held by a mechanical arm, which was the only leverage between him and the murky sewer water below. It seemed only five minutes ago that he had finally gotten on Rita's good side, with a simple, yet charismatic song he had thought of on the spot; so good in fact, it would have sent any London girl in a spin. He was almost certain that finally he had established some ground with her, yet Rita immediately had sent him to do a peon's job. It just doesn't make sense, I'm doing all I can but she just wont warm up to me…Maybe I really don't know enough about women…At least she forgave me for the boat-stealing incident, that's a start Roddy concurred. He really didn't know what he was doing wrong. All the movies he'd watched at home, all the books, even the soapy romance ones he managed to sneak a peak at while the owners were away, always had the male human dancing or writing a poem or something out-of-this worldly charming. Was his episode on the duck not good enough? Why won't she take to me? And yet, he couldn't understand why it mattered so much to him, either. Was he looking for something? He had all he wanted in Kensington...yet, something was beginning to seem out of place. But he wanted to know how she felt about him, it nagged at his core. Why should she worry about me? She is a after all a busy girl, with a lot on her mind. She's got a family to provide for, a life to live. She is really one tough girl…but so attractive as well. That fiery red hair…captivating emerald eyes…just the thought of her…wait, what?! Snap out of it Rod ! He shouted in his head. What's wrong with me?! I've no time to be dabbling in such thoughts, I've a home to get back too…Dolls to, um, play with… He fiercely jabbed a barnacle in self-frustration, and it broke clean off, dropping with a plop into the green, eerie waters below. And unfortunately...this seems the only route strait to Kensington, helping around as Barnacle Boy (not a reference to sponge bob, I just realized) he thought as he picked out a new outcropping. Navigator sounds SO much better right now… Rita Rita stood at the helm of the Jammy Dodger , navigating her, well actually, their way through the dangerous sewer network of London. She smiled to herself as she remembered her passenger, Roddy. She snuck a look behind her, where Roddy was wrestling with what seemed to be living barnacle. She had to stifle her laughter as she looked back ahead. What a character, eh? Rita couldn't help but remember Roddy's earlier attempt to steal her boat and how that ended up. I mean, how thick can you get? When you make a solid deal with someone, you keep it. But yea, I can see how he thought otherwise… She remembered how Roddy overheard the 'plan' to sell him out. Though frustrated with the fact that he didn't trust her, the grin on her face spread wider as she remembered he song he'd sung her, 'Ice Cold Rita'. Now that was creative. I don't know anyone who would of put up with me if I'd dropped them off on a duck. Maybe he's not such a bad guy after all, I mean, he is cute, that's for sure, and charming…wait, what?! Rita stopped herself, confused on what was happening to her. Are you kidding me Rita Malone? You've got to get a hold a yerself! This chap is offering me a load of cash for ride home. This isn't some date, I need the money to help mum and dad pay for a new house, maybe even fix-up the Jammy. He's just some guy...don't let it get to you Rita. You've dealt with these kinds of guys in the past. She couldn't help but wonder, though. He wasn't like all the guys she'd met in the past. Roddy didn't treat her bad; he talked to her as an equal. But that's only cause he's scared of me… Rita had to restrain herself from a chuckle. She thought back to the family dinner, how Roddy had danced on the table to entertain the entire family; it was at that night point her opinion of him began to change. Yea…maybe he's not just some posh mouse… Roddy Roddy began to smash away at another barnacle, but this one was much larger than the rest, as if it housed something… \"Pick on someone your own size!' it squeaked defiantly. Roddy paused for a moment. Hah, a barnacle talking to me? Now I've seen everything… \"You heard the capt'n chaps,\" explained Roddy, in a sarcastic voice. \"Get lost!\" was it's retort. Slightly flustered, Roddy continued. \"There's no room for passengers on THIS boat!\" He claimed with authority. He gave the little bugger a particularly hard jab right into its middle, where a little eye glinted through the darkness of the shell. Unexpectedly, the barnacle's resident stretched out and latched onto the metal scraper, and began what seemed a game of tug-o-war. Roddy panicked, and began fiercely tugging back. \"Let GO, you sticky little…\" he roared through clenched teeth. \"Argh!\" The barnacle, obviously having a complex understanding of the laws of physics, let go and Roddy went careering backwards, letting go of the instrument. Roddy could only watch as the scraper promptly ricocheted off a pipe behind him and sank into green abyss. Oh boy, she's not going to be happy about that; that's just what I need right now, her to be even angrier... His thoughts of Rita's reaction were cut off by the sounds of…an engine? Behind them, two figures on a remote controlled boat rounded the corner, seeming as if they were arguing about something… Roddy leaned forward to get a better view, their voices had sounded so familiar… \"I'm the captain, and I say go left!\" one commanded in an annoyed tone. \"Would that be port or starboard, Spike?\" The larger figure asked innocently. The other groaned, and shot a glance forward. For a moment, he seemed dumbfounded, then he recognized the name tag on the back of the boat. 'THERE THEY ARE!' Roddy's memory suddenly jumped into high gear. Those were their previous captors! A look of horror spread across his face, knowing well that he and Rita were both in trouble. 'Go get em' lads!' Spike yelled out into the sewers. And then, from the drainpipes they had just passed came a roar. Out of it flew out another rat from the Toad's lair, the one with a thimble on his nose, on what seemed to be…an egg beater? Before he could ponder how this was possible, another rat, this time the one that always had a matchstick in his mouth, came out of the next pipe on a similar contraption. Next in line was the large rat that enthusiastically soared through the air to join his comrades in the chase. Finally, a fourth rat rode out of an adjacent pipe, riding in…a TOASTER? Realizing his error in selecting a proper vehicle, the rat could only manage a grim expression before he was electrocuted. Roddy panicked. They were done for, how could they outrun four water vessels commandeered by six rats? Almost instinctively, Roddy turned and yelled to warn his only other companion of the oncoming enemy. \"RITA!\" Rita suddenly turned, alert something was amiss. She leaned over a bit to get a better view, and analyzed the entire situation with risen eyebrow and a mischievous 'Hmmm…' The way she smiled right then, made Roddy's heart leap. Not because seeing Rita smile made him weak in the knees, which was partially…Ok, mostly true, but it also meant that Rita was cooking something up. Sweet Queen of England! There on us! Roddy cringed in agony as the mob of rats drew ever closer with a hungry look in their eyes. One of the things he hated most was being useless, but in this moment there was nothing he could do. Rita, your our only hope! Rita Now what? pondered Rita as she turned her head to see what Roddy was on about. He probably broke a nail or something… Instead, she turned to see six of her old rivals, once again; big surprise. She smiled to herself as she knew what came next: trouble. She loved this life, of constant strife and action. In a split second, a plan came to her head and she seized it with the vigor only a girl like her could. She lifted her right leg and let her foot hover over the throttle. 'Wait for it…wait for it…' She chanted. She was waiting for just the right moment to make her dramatic move. They were right on them, the lead Rat reaching out with his deadly sand-rake. \"NOW!\" She shouted, as she slammed down onto the throttle lever. The boat's engine roared to life, smoke came pouring out of the exhaust stack, and Ted's swipe was all for naught. The Jammy Dodger began to pull away. To the surprised rats, Rita yelled a defiant message: \"Come an' 'ave a go if ya think you're fast enough!\" Shouting with delight, she turned and took control of the Dodger again. She looked over and realized Roddy was still on the crane attachment and yelled out to him in caution: \"Hold on, Roddy!\" The adrenaline hit her, and so it began. Rita pulled forward, steering the boat through a small plaza. Behind her, Spike barked some orders, and the hench-rats increased their speed. Woohoo! Is there anything better than this? Roddy madly swung to and fro as the boat veered through traffic. He was nothing more than a rag doll, along for the ride. Forget traffic laws! This is a getaway! She told herself, as she veered the wrong way though a roundabout, and squeezed just through two double-decker busses. Yes! She looked back to check on Roddy, who seemed shaken, but still hung on nonetheless. Poor Roddy, lets hope he can stomach this next set. A sharp alleyway lay ahead. Then, a dull thud and Roddy's yelling was silenced. Oh no! He must of hit something and fell! Rita panicked and looked back, only to find Roddy kissing some rather large rat dressed in a bride's outfit! Rita winced, knowing that must have NOT been pleasant… Roddy managed to bring in his wit into this one. He made a sly comment after dropping her into the water. \"Uh, congratulations by the way!\" Smooth as sandpaper, Roddy. Thought Rita, rolling her eyes. But she couldn't help but smile at the joke. \"Ah!\" she exclaimed, realizing a salvage-tug boat was in-between her and the next street. She veered to the left, narrowly avoiding it. She looked back, hoping that the obstruction had impeded the progress of the hench-rats, but was disappointed to see Barry had cut under at the last second and the other jumped over it using a ramp. \"Rita!\" Roddy was attempting to get her attention as he swung closer towards the front of the boat. Ah, this is so great! Lets see if we can have a little fun… Rita turned around and began taunting her opponents. As she shook her rump offensively at them, Roddy hung on for dear life and squeaked in a frantic tone. \"Rita, can we go a little faster, please?!' Who does he think I am some kind of coward? We can do more than just run! \"We don't have to!\" She explained, and pulled down hard on a pencil shaped knob. On the side of the boat, slid out a contraption, attached to which was a packet of 'Mr. Swiss Frosty Whip'. This powder was promptly poured into the water, which immediately formed a thick, gooey pink paste. The fatter of the rats slid right into this mess, slowing himself down to a halt. In an attempt to regain momentum, he jammed the speed control to 'fast' on the eggbeater. The only thing he achieved in doing this was causing the mix to froth up and cover him completely in the neat shape of a cone. These guys get stupider every time, I swear! She laughed to herself as she pulled forward into another street. Turning her attention back to the road, she was faced with a giant sign that read 'London Welcome Careful Drivers'. Irony at it's finest. She veered hard right, and in doing so she slowed down their progress. Ladykiller, as he called himself, the rat with the matchstick, took this opportunity to latch onto Roddy's leg. Oh no, that was my fault! \"End of the line, Millicent. Come're!\" Ladykiller jested as he pulled Roddy slowly off the chair, more than likely to his doom. Roddy Roddy could only try his hardest to hold on as the rat tried to pry him loose of his safe-haven. He began to panic knowing Rita could do nothing to help him. Again, I'm relying on her! Am I always to be a damsel in distress? This has to stop; I'm Roderick of the proud Saint James clan! There's got to be some way out of this pickle. He looked about frantically, some vehicle of escape, anything that would save both him and Rita. They had entered a large plaza, decorated for some event, possibly a carnival. His plan quickly took shape, as he eyed a balloon of a dinosaur and the small archway they were heading for. What if…yes! Of course! He had to alert Rita of his plan. Rita \"Rita, try and go right!\" \"What?!\" Is he out of his mind? They're right on us, we can't afford any more side trips! \"Just trust me!\" She thought hard for a moment. This move could cost them everything, their entire getaway. She was putting everything on the line here, her own life and his, and on the words of a guy she'd just met not a few hours ago. To heck with it! \"I hope you know what you're doing!\" She yelled, agreeing to follow his new plan. This sudden lurch of the boat caused Ladykiller to loose grip on Roddy's leg. He was back! Is his plan really working? She pondered, but the next set of orders came quickly. \"Now, head for the rope!\" What in the world? \"Okay!\" She shouted uneasily. What on earth does he want to do? Roddy wrapped his arms around the rope, his legs around the seat, and held on for dear life. Rita navigated the ship through the short tunnel, Roddy trailing behind with the balloon. Suddenly, his plan took form in her head as it took form on the physical realm. The balloon was much too large to follow them through, so it had created a stop-plug, preventing the rest of the hench-rats from following them! There was only a dull thud and a twang as Ladykiller collided with the balloon. Rita was stunned. This selfless act of bravery had saved them. Her heart leaped at the implications. Roddy wasn't the guy she'd met in the boat a few hours ago; acting above her and trying to save his own neck. She had realized her grievous error in misjudging him at the start of their adventures. In this moment she felt a pang of regret for the way she had treated him, and resolved to change her attitude. Her warm smile was met by Roddy's. \"Well done Roddy!\" was all she could exclaim for the time being. \"Hooray, we did it! We did it!\" He cried triumphantly. He's so proud of himself. She laughed. \"We didn't do it...\" His voice lost it's excited tone. Not realizing what he was talking about, she turned only to see him sprinting across the walk to her left. Ah! \"Is there any chance of getting me back on the boat?!\" She slammed down on the button marked 'A', which brought the mechanical hand over the back of the Jammy . Roddy took this opportunity to finally put his feet, or rump in this case, back on solid ground. He fell clumsily and hit the back of the boat, hard. \"Thank you…\" He groaned sarcastically and waved a hand to signal he was okay. \"You're welcome!\" Rita met his sarcasm and smirked slyly. Suddenly, she saw what he was talking about as she looked behind him. On their tail, the last two hench rats approached quickly. Spike, it looked like, was climbing into some kind of contraption. Rita redirected her attention to the road, increased the throttle speed to maximum, and began to look for a new avenue of escape as Roddy slowly recovered from his little outing (literally). Roddy Ugh, my head. Roddy slowly stood; scuffed, dazed, but okay after his joy ride on the Dodger . He slowly pulled himself up and looked out the back of the Dodger himself, to see where the others were. He jumped back as he realized one of the rats was flying at him at enormous velocity. \"Ah!\" was all Roddy could manage before the loud clunk of the rat's spiked boots rang out across the deck. \"Just thought I'd DROP in.\" the rat giggled after taking a bite out of some cheese. Way to milk that pun. However, Roddy had no time to think about dry humor before he realized the guy was armed with some kind of sharp tool. Uh-oh… Roddy looked around, hoping to find some kind of weapon. A sword, perhaps? A spoon would be just as nice right now. Fending off the enemy in battle to impress Rita would have been preferable, but all he could find was a small bottle cap to use as a shield. What is a knight without a sword? Roddy thought regretfully. As spike feigned jabs at him, Roddy held out the shield, nearly shaking with fear. Time for Plan B! \"Rita! Do something, quick! Anything!\" Roddy cried out fervently. Rita Rita swiveled round, only to find Roddy engaged in fierce combat with her least favorite of the hench rats. Roddy's unarmed! He's not going to last long. Desperately, she looked around, to help her friend in any way she could. She was about to give up, until she eyed her most secret weapon. \"Hang on TIGHT!\" She yelled, yanked down on the cover which read 'DANGER! RED BUTTON', and smashed the red button in. Something underneath the boat roared to life. The sound of compressed gas rang out through the pipes, and the boat lurched forward as the exhaust began to spew fire-extinguisher fluid. Speed increased by tenfold within an instant. Rita, not ready for such a jump, could only hang on the wheel and look back at what this new turn of events had in store for Roddy. Roddy The sudden increase of momentum caused Roddy to fall onto his behind. He slowly began to slide straight under Spike. Spike was unaffected however; the nails of his boots sunk hungrily into the deck of the Jammy , preventing him from falling. Spike pinned Roddy's arm down, holding him in place as he raised the weapon high above his own head. Oh no... Yet just then, Roddy noticed that the cable behind Spike, his lifeline he assumed, was beginning to stretch beyond its threshold. Come on, strech. Strech! Milking his victory over Roddy, the rat triumphantly dumped a cliché phrase. 'Any last requests?' Noticing the line was about to reach its limit, Roddy smirked and replied. \"Yes! Yes, could you fly quite suddenly off the boat, screaming like a girl?\" \"What?!\" As if by the hand of God, it happened. Spike went soaring backwards as lines tension pulled him back. Rita, watching this, burst into roaring laughter as the boat still flew forward, away from the Spike and Whitey. Behind them, Spike collided heavily with their original ship, and had sunk himself, along with Whitey. \"Wohoo! Yes!\" she cried, a bathing in the ecstasy of victory. They laughed together, for the first time. And it that moment, those sweet pristine seconds, each of them had their own epiphanies. That was perfect! She was perfect! Roddy paused in his thinking. She IS perfect… How brave of him was that? And the balloon idea! God, he's so great! Rita paused in her thinking as well. He really is something else, I was wrong about him... Their eyes locked, smiles met and laughter rung loud, almost over the deafening whine of the engine. This was the beginning of something true, something only a word like infinite could describe. \"LOOK OUT!\" Rita, suddenly jump-started out of her spell, realized they were heading in a collision course with a couple of tourists. She quickly veered to the right, casuing the entire ship to ride up the wall, do a complete loop, and ride back into the water, right over the oncoming traffic. Rita quickly hit another lever, and a safety parachute, nothing more than a plastic bag, came out the back, slowing them down to a manageable speed. Did you see the way she looked at me? Did you see the way he looked at me? This will make for excellent dinner conversation, Their minds thought in unison. Roddy It was night time now, particularly warm for a London Sewer evening. The moonlight shone threw a grate above them, casting a soft glow upon the otherwise murky waters of the gutters. The crew of the Jammy Dodger was mighty hungry and physically tired after the adventure they just came through. Providing Roddy with an apple, six raisins, and what appeared as a box of rice, Captain Rita ordered dinner be made. He had a lighter-stove, water, and seasonings. Let's see what I can cook up… That was really something today…I didn't think we were going to make it for a second, but who was I kidding? Under Captians' command there's nothing we can't accomplish. Roddy beamed as he thought of the days events, and then eyed Rita, who was looking over the ship, checking for possible damage. She seems pretty happy. Then again, she should be. She did manage to get us out of one of the biggest messes of my life. Hey, I helped, didn't I? Finally, I've done something right? Roddy almost slapped himself for that one. Of course you did something right! You're Roddy St. James for Pete's sake! And you do have a standing line of bravery in you, that's for sure. Women can't resist you. Roddy wallowed in his own humor for a second, before realizing he was burning the dinner. He quickly turned down the gas intake on the lighter, and stirred the bowl in which the rice was boiling. Strangely enough, the rice floated for some reason and parted as he put the salt in. Rita \"Oi, this is going to cost me a fortune…\" Rita silently grumbled to herself as she checked the Jammy . The hull had some rough scrape marks on it from the chase. Not to mention I need to refill the fire extinguisher, AND find a new package of Mr. Swiss Whip. Those gags are hard to replace you know…Money shouldn't be a problem however after I get Roddy home. She stopped herself, and felt a pang of sorrow. She almost didn't want to take him home. He was turning out to be such a nice guy. She looked over at him, his back turned. He seemed to be pondering whether to mix in the raisins or apples first. Not paying attention, he knocked over part of the apple into the mix as he turned to find the box of raisins. Rita controlled her giggle, and went back to her work. He'd be so lost without me… It had been so lonely working on the Jammy for so long without her father. Ever since his accident, she'd been flying solo for the past year. And then Roddy came flying into her life with both guns blazing; since then, something in her had changed. She no longer felt the cold loneliness, the sorrow she would always feel as she went to bed each night out scavenging in the sewer. And that was just a few hours. It's wrong of me to think of him like that. He's not just some rich, posh guy I can make a profit off…I need to talk to him. Am I realizing it too late? Returning her attention to the physical plane, she felt herself falling forwards. She had leaned too far off the boat, patching up the hull. In moments, she'd be in the water. \"Ah!\" From the blue, she felt a pull on her belt behind her, back into the boat. Alert, she spun around ready to strike what was attacking, kung-fu fists at the ready. Before she could bring down her first blow, however, she realized she was staring into a pair of brown eyes. \"Uh, I saw you falling.\" Roddy mumbled, in fear for his skin. \"I was just coming to say that dinner is ready.\" He squeaked. \"Oh!\" exclaimed Rita, embarrassed for her reflex reaction. \"Hah, it's no problem. But you'd better be careful next time, you might fall in. I won't always be around to save the day. A certain fish infests these waters, you might know of; piranha?\" He winked at her, referring to the incident outside her family's house. \"If you're not careful, you might find yourself swimming with one!\" She joked softly, and they laughed. Funny guy… Around them, the slugs began to sing a soft tune. Roddy passed a bowl to her, filled with the stew he'd concocted. Rita took a big, chunky bite. \"Mmm! This is quite tasty!\" \"Thanks. I don't think it's too bad considering I only had an apple, six rasins and a box of rice.\" Rita paused for a moment. \"Rice?\" she questioned, suppressing her laughter. Roddy had no idea. Suddenly aware of something amiss, Roddy eyed the spoon he was eating from. As if on cue, a slug came crawling up to crawling up to sing Roddy a tune of explanation. \" What's that urge, from deep inside? The need to hurl, won't be denied. That isn't rice; that's maggots, you're eating! \" The very larvae he was eating suddenly came out and began to sing along as well. \"Well, that explains why it all ran to one side when I put the salt in.\" Roddy suppressed a gag, and coughed a few times. Rita smiled. \"You know...I think we did quite well today.\" I'd better come clean with him. It's not fair to both of us. She felt slightly awkward in doing so, and used her spoon to scratch her back in order to distract herself. \"I suppose maybe I misjudged you a bit. I mean, you're not…\" She was cutoff in her confession however, by more of Roddy's humor. \"Do I hear an actual compliment coming?\" he sarcastically remarked. She laughed. \"Ugh, never mind.\" Quite to the contrary, Roddy wanted to hear exactly what she had to say. \"No no no, say it.\" Rita wanted to joke back with him. \"Well, you're not entirely the useless, whiny, stuck up, pompous, big girl's blouse I thought you were.\" Hahaha, that should of got to him. She pat him on the back gently as she passed by him. At least that's off my chest now. Roddy Rita dug under a cabinet, and pulled two raveled cloth pieces. Roddy continued to wash the bowls. \"Well, we better get some rest if we're gonna get you home tomorrow.\" She said. Almost with a bit of regret in her voice? Roddy's heart sank a little. \"Catch!\" Roddy dropped the glassware, or plastic ware in his case, and grabbed whatever it was. He looked expectantly at Rita for her to explain what he was to do with a furled…something. As if timed, it unraveled and turned out to be a sock; to sleep in, obviously. Great Scott I'm dense sometimes. Rita spread out her sock to use as a sheet. She laid back, casually put her hands behind her head, and laid back on her pillow. \"Tell me about yourself Roddy.\" Roddy stopped. No one in his entire life had asked him such a question. For a second, he looked back on his life in Kensington. What would there be to say? What am I supposed to say? Oh yea Rita, I live up top with a bunch of dolls, owned by a little girl and spend my days running around on a mouse wheel. His next statement honestly summed it up. \"Well, there's not much to tell…\" He approached his own cot and spread out the sock as a blanket. Rita prodded him for more insight. \"You know everything about me, warts and all. I don't even know what you do!\" Figuring if he could bring humor back into the conversation, he could dodge the question. \"I'm…\" His face turned serious. \"I'm in a boy band.\" \"What?!\" \"Yeah. Yeah, I'm the posh one.\" Well done Rodders. He climbed under the cover of the sock. Rita giggled. \"I'm serious!\" She flipped around to face him. \"Tell me about your life up top. Friends, family?\" Roddy was at a loss of words. Oh no, I've hit a dead end. \"Uh…\" was all he could manage. \"You do have a family, don't you?\" Rita asked, almost sounding worried. He stopped for a split second. I can't seem like a loser to her!! What kind of guy will she think I am if I live alone, no one to talk to? I can't leave this kind of impression, I've come so far with her, and I'm not going to mess it up now. So he did the only thing he could do. Lie. But for the greater good! \"O…O, Of course I do.\" He stammered. \"Brothers, sisters, cousins, we're quite a clan.\" He regained his confident manner. Rita looked at him, smiling as he talked. She's buying it. I can't stop now! \"Oh you wouldn't believe the fun we have.\" Roddy leaned back as if he was reminiscing about real events. He was one good actor. \"Hanging out at the movies, playing golf, going skiing. It's just…just so great!\" In reality, he was remembering the fun times he'd had with his play dolls. \"No wonder you want to get home.\" Rita looked at him, believing every single word. It almost seemed as if she was envious. She's got the biggest family of them all! What could be missing from her life? Roddy could almost not bear the pain. The cold hard truth hit him like a knockout punch. He was alone. He had none of which he lied about. And it hurt him. What have I done? Who am I? \"Yeah…\" He sighed. To Rita it seemed it was a sigh of happiness. In reality, it was a sigh of a sad, sad mouse. \"Well,\" Rita began, with a sorry tone in her voice. \"I guess tomorrow we'll both get what we want.\" Rita closed her eyes. Roddy rolled over. No…it's really not what I want after all, is it? He was living a lie, alone in some rich apartment. What is lying in royalty when you don't have friends? No family? No one to call your own? This is terrible… He felt like crying in that moment. He did what he always did, sent out a simple good night to…no one. It was always followed by silence…a silence that now stung him tenfold.. \"Good night, Roddy.\" Roddy opened his eyes. His face lit up like never before. He had misheard. No, impossible. Somone had said good night back to him... The silence was broken at last. Words could not describe the feeling of happiness he felt at that moment. To make sure this wasn't a dream, to make sure he wasn't hearing his lone echo, he said it again. \"Good Night.\" Puzzled, Rita replied again. \"Good Night…\" Delighted beyond delight, Roddy said good night again in a high, squeaky voice. This feeling…it's fantastic! \"Good Night.\" Rita replied again, slightly more confused. One more time, Roddy uttered it again in a low, baratone voice. Might as well have some fun? \"Good Night Roddy!\" She tried to hide her laugher. \"Don't let the bed bugs bite.\" She crooned sweetly. Little did Roddy know she was serious. He felt a crunch on his behind, and he pulled out a little hrub from under the sock. Rita giggled. Smiling, he flicked it off the boat. Rita nodded at him and he settled under the covers. I don't believe it. What is this I'm feeling? Its new…it's amazingly! I feel…I feel…home, at last… Roddy settled into his make-shift bed. A warm feeling of belonging, that he had been waiting for so, so long, crept across him. He could only smile as he drifted off to sleep, alongside his new best friend. Writers note: If you took the time to read this, you warm my heart greatly. The story line of this movie plays close to my heart; Roddy's feelings and mine are very close, and that fact helped me write this with both heart and soul. By simply reading this you've let me know that, yea, there are some people in the world who care. You have my undying gratitude. Don't forget to review! I'd love to hear what you think of my first ever writing piece. Depending on how this goes, I'll aspire to write more. In reality, your words go a long, long way.","LastChapter":"I've always wanted to write something on Flushed Away, convey the characters' feelings somehow, what they were thinking during the movie, and I figured this would be an excellent way to do it! I've decided to do it from multiple points of view (I.E. Roddy/Rita's personal thoughts, going back and forth) throughout the story. These will be represented in italicized text (except for the names of things like The Jammy Dodger ) It's similar to Fornwalt's 'Family Dinner' and 'The Final Battle', (Both excellent stories) but of different scenes of the movie, and a different chapter/character setup. It's my first time writing a fictional story for anything, so here I go! Please review, I would love to hear from everyone who reads this. This here is a rendition of what went through Roddy and Rita's heads during the boat chase, a little time before, during, and after. I plan to write additional material, depending how this goes, on different sections of the movie. As always, none of these amazing characters/locations/plot are owned by me, all of them are copyrighted by Aardman/Dreamworks Animation. Don't bother attacking me over it. Don't steal my story though, deal? --Spits in hand, hands it out to you.-- The Boat Chase Roddy So much for being smooth and charming, Roderick … Roddy thought to himself, jabbing the next barnacle that clung to the hull of the Jammy Dodger . He found himself swaying from side to side on a rickety chair held by a mechanical arm, which was the only leverage between him and the murky sewer water below. It seemed only five minutes ago that he had finally gotten on Rita's good side, with a simple, yet charismatic song he had thought of on the spot; so good in fact, it would have sent any London girl in a spin. He was almost certain that finally he had established some ground with her, yet Rita immediately had sent him to do a peon's job. It just doesn't make sense, I'm doing all I can but she just wont warm up to me…Maybe I really don't know enough about women…At least she forgave me for the boat-stealing incident, that's a start Roddy concurred. He really didn't know what he was doing wrong. All the movies he'd watched at home, all the books, even the soapy romance ones he managed to sneak a peak at while the owners were away, always had the male human dancing or writing a poem or something out-of-this worldly charming. Was his episode on the duck not good enough? Why won't she take to me? And yet, he couldn't understand why it mattered so much to him, either. Was he looking for something? He had all he wanted in Kensington...yet, something was beginning to seem out of place. But he wanted to know how she felt about him, it nagged at his core. Why should she worry about me? She is a after all a busy girl, with a lot on her mind. She's got a family to provide for, a life to live. She is really one tough girl…but so attractive as well. That fiery red hair…captivating emerald eyes…just the thought of her…wait, what?! Snap out of it Rod ! He shouted in his head. What's wrong with me?! I've no time to be dabbling in such thoughts, I've a home to get back too…Dolls to, um, play with… He fiercely jabbed a barnacle in self-frustration, and it broke clean off, dropping with a plop into the green, eerie waters below. And unfortunately...this seems the only route strait to Kensington, helping around as Barnacle Boy (not a reference to sponge bob, I just realized) he thought as he picked out a new outcropping. Navigator sounds SO much better right now… Rita Rita stood at the helm of the Jammy Dodger , navigating her, well actually, their way through the dangerous sewer network of London. She smiled to herself as she remembered her passenger, Roddy. She snuck a look behind her, where Roddy was wrestling with what seemed to be living barnacle. She had to stifle her laughter as she looked back ahead. What a character, eh? Rita couldn't help but remember Roddy's earlier attempt to steal her boat and how that ended up. I mean, how thick can you get? When you make a solid deal with someone, you keep it. But yea, I can see how he thought otherwise… She remembered how Roddy overheard the 'plan' to sell him out. Though frustrated with the fact that he didn't trust her, the grin on her face spread wider as she remembered he song he'd sung her, 'Ice Cold Rita'. Now that was creative. I don't know anyone who would of put up with me if I'd dropped them off on a duck. Maybe he's not such a bad guy after all, I mean, he is cute, that's for sure, and charming…wait, what?! Rita stopped herself, confused on what was happening to her. Are you kidding me Rita Malone? You've got to get a hold a yerself! This chap is offering me a load of cash for ride home. This isn't some date, I need the money to help mum and dad pay for a new house, maybe even fix-up the Jammy. He's just some guy...don't let it get to you Rita. You've dealt with these kinds of guys in the past. She couldn't help but wonder, though. He wasn't like all the guys she'd met in the past. Roddy didn't treat her bad; he talked to her as an equal. But that's only cause he's scared of me… Rita had to restrain herself from a chuckle. She thought back to the family dinner, how Roddy had danced on the table to entertain the entire family; it was at that night point her opinion of him began to change. Yea…maybe he's not just some posh mouse… Roddy Roddy began to smash away at another barnacle, but this one was much larger than the rest, as if it housed something… \"Pick on someone your own size!' it squeaked defiantly. Roddy paused for a moment. Hah, a barnacle talking to me? Now I've seen everything… \"You heard the capt'n chaps,\" explained Roddy, in a sarcastic voice. \"Get lost!\" was it's retort. Slightly flustered, Roddy continued. \"There's no room for passengers on THIS boat!\" He claimed with authority. He gave the little bugger a particularly hard jab right into its middle, where a little eye glinted through the darkness of the shell. Unexpectedly, the barnacle's resident stretched out and latched onto the metal scraper, and began what seemed a game of tug-o-war. Roddy panicked, and began fiercely tugging back. \"Let GO, you sticky little…\" he roared through clenched teeth. \"Argh!\" The barnacle, obviously having a complex understanding of the laws of physics, let go and Roddy went careering backwards, letting go of the instrument. Roddy could only watch as the scraper promptly ricocheted off a pipe behind him and sank into green abyss. Oh boy, she's not going to be happy about that; that's just what I need right now, her to be even angrier... His thoughts of Rita's reaction were cut off by the sounds of…an engine? Behind them, two figures on a remote controlled boat rounded the corner, seeming as if they were arguing about something… Roddy leaned forward to get a better view, their voices had sounded so familiar… \"I'm the captain, and I say go left!\" one commanded in an annoyed tone. \"Would that be port or starboard, Spike?\" The larger figure asked innocently. The other groaned, and shot a glance forward. For a moment, he seemed dumbfounded, then he recognized the name tag on the back of the boat. 'THERE THEY ARE!' Roddy's memory suddenly jumped into high gear. Those were their previous captors! A look of horror spread across his face, knowing well that he and Rita were both in trouble. 'Go get em' lads!' Spike yelled out into the sewers. And then, from the drainpipes they had just passed came a roar. Out of it flew out another rat from the Toad's lair, the one with a thimble on his nose, on what seemed to be…an egg beater? Before he could ponder how this was possible, another rat, this time the one that always had a matchstick in his mouth, came out of the next pipe on a similar contraption. Next in line was the large rat that enthusiastically soared through the air to join his comrades in the chase. Finally, a fourth rat rode out of an adjacent pipe, riding in…a TOASTER? Realizing his error in selecting a proper vehicle, the rat could only manage a grim expression before he was electrocuted. Roddy panicked. They were done for, how could they outrun four water vessels commandeered by six rats? Almost instinctively, Roddy turned and yelled to warn his only other companion of the oncoming enemy. \"RITA!\" Rita suddenly turned, alert something was amiss. She leaned over a bit to get a better view, and analyzed the entire situation with risen eyebrow and a mischievous 'Hmmm…' The way she smiled right then, made Roddy's heart leap. Not because seeing Rita smile made him weak in the knees, which was partially…Ok, mostly true, but it also meant that Rita was cooking something up. Sweet Queen of England! There on us! Roddy cringed in agony as the mob of rats drew ever closer with a hungry look in their eyes. One of the things he hated most was being useless, but in this moment there was nothing he could do. Rita, your our only hope! Rita Now what? pondered Rita as she turned her head to see what Roddy was on about. He probably broke a nail or something… Instead, she turned to see six of her old rivals, once again; big surprise. She smiled to herself as she knew what came next: trouble. She loved this life, of constant strife and action. In a split second, a plan came to her head and she seized it with the vigor only a girl like her could. She lifted her right leg and let her foot hover over the throttle. 'Wait for it…wait for it…' She chanted. She was waiting for just the right moment to make her dramatic move. They were right on them, the lead Rat reaching out with his deadly sand-rake. \"NOW!\" She shouted, as she slammed down onto the throttle lever. The boat's engine roared to life, smoke came pouring out of the exhaust stack, and Ted's swipe was all for naught. The Jammy Dodger began to pull away. To the surprised rats, Rita yelled a defiant message: \"Come an' 'ave a go if ya think you're fast enough!\" Shouting with delight, she turned and took control of the Dodger again. She looked over and realized Roddy was still on the crane attachment and yelled out to him in caution: \"Hold on, Roddy!\" The adrenaline hit her, and so it began. Rita pulled forward, steering the boat through a small plaza. Behind her, Spike barked some orders, and the hench-rats increased their speed. Woohoo! Is there anything better than this? Roddy madly swung to and fro as the boat veered through traffic. He was nothing more than a rag doll, along for the ride. Forget traffic laws! This is a getaway! She told herself, as she veered the wrong way though a roundabout, and squeezed just through two double-decker busses. Yes! She looked back to check on Roddy, who seemed shaken, but still hung on nonetheless. Poor Roddy, lets hope he can stomach this next set. A sharp alleyway lay ahead. Then, a dull thud and Roddy's yelling was silenced. Oh no! He must of hit something and fell! Rita panicked and looked back, only to find Roddy kissing some rather large rat dressed in a bride's outfit! Rita winced, knowing that must have NOT been pleasant… Roddy managed to bring in his wit into this one. He made a sly comment after dropping her into the water. \"Uh, congratulations by the way!\" Smooth as sandpaper, Roddy. Thought Rita, rolling her eyes. But she couldn't help but smile at the joke. \"Ah!\" she exclaimed, realizing a salvage-tug boat was in-between her and the next street. She veered to the left, narrowly avoiding it. She looked back, hoping that the obstruction had impeded the progress of the hench-rats, but was disappointed to see Barry had cut under at the last second and the other jumped over it using a ramp. \"Rita!\" Roddy was attempting to get her attention as he swung closer towards the front of the boat. Ah, this is so great! Lets see if we can have a little fun… Rita turned around and began taunting her opponents. As she shook her rump offensively at them, Roddy hung on for dear life and squeaked in a frantic tone. \"Rita, can we go a little faster, please?!' Who does he think I am some kind of coward? We can do more than just run! \"We don't have to!\" She explained, and pulled down hard on a pencil shaped knob. On the side of the boat, slid out a contraption, attached to which was a packet of 'Mr. Swiss Frosty Whip'. This powder was promptly poured into the water, which immediately formed a thick, gooey pink paste. The fatter of the rats slid right into this mess, slowing himself down to a halt. In an attempt to regain momentum, he jammed the speed control to 'fast' on the eggbeater. The only thing he achieved in doing this was causing the mix to froth up and cover him completely in the neat shape of a cone. These guys get stupider every time, I swear! She laughed to herself as she pulled forward into another street. Turning her attention back to the road, she was faced with a giant sign that read 'London Welcome Careful Drivers'. Irony at it's finest. She veered hard right, and in doing so she slowed down their progress. Ladykiller, as he called himself, the rat with the matchstick, took this opportunity to latch onto Roddy's leg. Oh no, that was my fault! \"End of the line, Millicent. Come're!\" Ladykiller jested as he pulled Roddy slowly off the chair, more than likely to his doom. Roddy Roddy could only try his hardest to hold on as the rat tried to pry him loose of his safe-haven. He began to panic knowing Rita could do nothing to help him. Again, I'm relying on her! Am I always to be a damsel in distress? This has to stop; I'm Roderick of the proud Saint James clan! There's got to be some way out of this pickle. He looked about frantically, some vehicle of escape, anything that would save both him and Rita. They had entered a large plaza, decorated for some event, possibly a carnival. His plan quickly took shape, as he eyed a balloon of a dinosaur and the small archway they were heading for. What if…yes! Of course! He had to alert Rita of his plan. Rita \"Rita, try and go right!\" \"What?!\" Is he out of his mind? They're right on us, we can't afford any more side trips! \"Just trust me!\" She thought hard for a moment. This move could cost them everything, their entire getaway. She was putting everything on the line here, her own life and his, and on the words of a guy she'd just met not a few hours ago. To heck with it! \"I hope you know what you're doing!\" She yelled, agreeing to follow his new plan. This sudden lurch of the boat caused Ladykiller to loose grip on Roddy's leg. He was back! Is his plan really working? She pondered, but the next set of orders came quickly. \"Now, head for the rope!\" What in the world? \"Okay!\" She shouted uneasily. What on earth does he want to do? Roddy wrapped his arms around the rope, his legs around the seat, and held on for dear life. Rita navigated the ship through the short tunnel, Roddy trailing behind with the balloon. Suddenly, his plan took form in her head as it took form on the physical realm. The balloon was much too large to follow them through, so it had created a stop-plug, preventing the rest of the hench-rats from following them! There was only a dull thud and a twang as Ladykiller collided with the balloon. Rita was stunned. This selfless act of bravery had saved them. Her heart leaped at the implications. Roddy wasn't the guy she'd met in the boat a few hours ago; acting above her and trying to save his own neck. She had realized her grievous error in misjudging him at the start of their adventures. In this moment she felt a pang of regret for the way she had treated him, and resolved to change her attitude. Her warm smile was met by Roddy's. \"Well done Roddy!\" was all she could exclaim for the time being. \"Hooray, we did it! We did it!\" He cried triumphantly. He's so proud of himself. She laughed. \"We didn't do it...\" His voice lost it's excited tone. Not realizing what he was talking about, she turned only to see him sprinting across the walk to her left. Ah! \"Is there any chance of getting me back on the boat?!\" She slammed down on the button marked 'A', which brought the mechanical hand over the back of the Jammy . Roddy took this opportunity to finally put his feet, or rump in this case, back on solid ground. He fell clumsily and hit the back of the boat, hard. \"Thank you…\" He groaned sarcastically and waved a hand to signal he was okay. \"You're welcome!\" Rita met his sarcasm and smirked slyly. Suddenly, she saw what he was talking about as she looked behind him. On their tail, the last two hench rats approached quickly. Spike, it looked like, was climbing into some kind of contraption. Rita redirected her attention to the road, increased the throttle speed to maximum, and began to look for a new avenue of escape as Roddy slowly recovered from his little outing (literally). Roddy Ugh, my head. Roddy slowly stood; scuffed, dazed, but okay after his joy ride on the Dodger . He slowly pulled himself up and looked out the back of the Dodger himself, to see where the others were. He jumped back as he realized one of the rats was flying at him at enormous velocity. \"Ah!\" was all Roddy could manage before the loud clunk of the rat's spiked boots rang out across the deck. \"Just thought I'd DROP in.\" the rat giggled after taking a bite out of some cheese. Way to milk that pun. However, Roddy had no time to think about dry humor before he realized the guy was armed with some kind of sharp tool. Uh-oh… Roddy looked around, hoping to find some kind of weapon. A sword, perhaps? A spoon would be just as nice right now. Fending off the enemy in battle to impress Rita would have been preferable, but all he could find was a small bottle cap to use as a shield. What is a knight without a sword? Roddy thought regretfully. As spike feigned jabs at him, Roddy held out the shield, nearly shaking with fear. Time for Plan B! \"Rita! Do something, quick! Anything!\" Roddy cried out fervently. Rita Rita swiveled round, only to find Roddy engaged in fierce combat with her least favorite of the hench rats. Roddy's unarmed! He's not going to last long. Desperately, she looked around, to help her friend in any way she could. She was about to give up, until she eyed her most secret weapon. \"Hang on TIGHT!\" She yelled, yanked down on the cover which read 'DANGER! RED BUTTON', and smashed the red button in. Something underneath the boat roared to life. The sound of compressed gas rang out through the pipes, and the boat lurched forward as the exhaust began to spew fire-extinguisher fluid. Speed increased by tenfold within an instant. Rita, not ready for such a jump, could only hang on the wheel and look back at what this new turn of events had in store for Roddy. Roddy The sudden increase of momentum caused Roddy to fall onto his behind. He slowly began to slide straight under Spike. Spike was unaffected however; the nails of his boots sunk hungrily into the deck of the Jammy , preventing him from falling. Spike pinned Roddy's arm down, holding him in place as he raised the weapon high above his own head. Oh no... Yet just then, Roddy noticed that the cable behind Spike, his lifeline he assumed, was beginning to stretch beyond its threshold. Come on, strech. Strech! Milking his victory over Roddy, the rat triumphantly dumped a cliché phrase. 'Any last requests?' Noticing the line was about to reach its limit, Roddy smirked and replied. \"Yes! Yes, could you fly quite suddenly off the boat, screaming like a girl?\" \"What?!\" As if by the hand of God, it happened. Spike went soaring backwards as lines tension pulled him back. Rita, watching this, burst into roaring laughter as the boat still flew forward, away from the Spike and Whitey. Behind them, Spike collided heavily with their original ship, and had sunk himself, along with Whitey. \"Wohoo! Yes!\" she cried, a bathing in the ecstasy of victory. They laughed together, for the first time. And it that moment, those sweet pristine seconds, each of them had their own epiphanies. That was perfect! She was perfect! Roddy paused in his thinking. She IS perfect… How brave of him was that? And the balloon idea! God, he's so great! Rita paused in her thinking as well. He really is something else, I was wrong about him... Their eyes locked, smiles met and laughter rung loud, almost over the deafening whine of the engine. This was the beginning of something true, something only a word like infinite could describe. \"LOOK OUT!\" Rita, suddenly jump-started out of her spell, realized they were heading in a collision course with a couple of tourists. She quickly veered to the right, casuing the entire ship to ride up the wall, do a complete loop, and ride back into the water, right over the oncoming traffic. Rita quickly hit another lever, and a safety parachute, nothing more than a plastic bag, came out the back, slowing them down to a manageable speed. Did you see the way she looked at me? Did you see the way he looked at me? This will make for excellent dinner conversation, Their minds thought in unison. Roddy It was night time now, particularly warm for a London Sewer evening. The moonlight shone threw a grate above them, casting a soft glow upon the otherwise murky waters of the gutters. The crew of the Jammy Dodger was mighty hungry and physically tired after the adventure they just came through. Providing Roddy with an apple, six raisins, and what appeared as a box of rice, Captain Rita ordered dinner be made. He had a lighter-stove, water, and seasonings. Let's see what I can cook up… That was really something today…I didn't think we were going to make it for a second, but who was I kidding? Under Captians' command there's nothing we can't accomplish. Roddy beamed as he thought of the days events, and then eyed Rita, who was looking over the ship, checking for possible damage. She seems pretty happy. Then again, she should be. She did manage to get us out of one of the biggest messes of my life. Hey, I helped, didn't I? Finally, I've done something right? Roddy almost slapped himself for that one. Of course you did something right! You're Roddy St. James for Pete's sake! And you do have a standing line of bravery in you, that's for sure. Women can't resist you. Roddy wallowed in his own humor for a second, before realizing he was burning the dinner. He quickly turned down the gas intake on the lighter, and stirred the bowl in which the rice was boiling. Strangely enough, the rice floated for some reason and parted as he put the salt in. Rita \"Oi, this is going to cost me a fortune…\" Rita silently grumbled to herself as she checked the Jammy . The hull had some rough scrape marks on it from the chase. Not to mention I need to refill the fire extinguisher, AND find a new package of Mr. Swiss Whip. Those gags are hard to replace you know…Money shouldn't be a problem however after I get Roddy home. She stopped herself, and felt a pang of sorrow. She almost didn't want to take him home. He was turning out to be such a nice guy. She looked over at him, his back turned. He seemed to be pondering whether to mix in the raisins or apples first. Not paying attention, he knocked over part of the apple into the mix as he turned to find the box of raisins. Rita controlled her giggle, and went back to her work. He'd be so lost without me… It had been so lonely working on the Jammy for so long without her father. Ever since his accident, she'd been flying solo for the past year. And then Roddy came flying into her life with both guns blazing; since then, something in her had changed. She no longer felt the cold loneliness, the sorrow she would always feel as she went to bed each night out scavenging in the sewer. And that was just a few hours. It's wrong of me to think of him like that. He's not just some rich, posh guy I can make a profit off…I need to talk to him. Am I realizing it too late? Returning her attention to the physical plane, she felt herself falling forwards. She had leaned too far off the boat, patching up the hull. In moments, she'd be in the water. \"Ah!\" From the blue, she felt a pull on her belt behind her, back into the boat. Alert, she spun around ready to strike what was attacking, kung-fu fists at the ready. Before she could bring down her first blow, however, she realized she was staring into a pair of brown eyes. \"Uh, I saw you falling.\" Roddy mumbled, in fear for his skin. \"I was just coming to say that dinner is ready.\" He squeaked. \"Oh!\" exclaimed Rita, embarrassed for her reflex reaction. \"Hah, it's no problem. But you'd better be careful next time, you might fall in. I won't always be around to save the day. A certain fish infests these waters, you might know of; piranha?\" He winked at her, referring to the incident outside her family's house. \"If you're not careful, you might find yourself swimming with one!\" She joked softly, and they laughed. Funny guy… Around them, the slugs began to sing a soft tune. Roddy passed a bowl to her, filled with the stew he'd concocted. Rita took a big, chunky bite. \"Mmm! This is quite tasty!\" \"Thanks. I don't think it's too bad considering I only had an apple, six rasins and a box of rice.\" Rita paused for a moment. \"Rice?\" she questioned, suppressing her laughter. Roddy had no idea. Suddenly aware of something amiss, Roddy eyed the spoon he was eating from. As if on cue, a slug came crawling up to crawling up to sing Roddy a tune of explanation. \" What's that urge, from deep inside? The need to hurl, won't be denied. That isn't rice; that's maggots, you're eating! \" The very larvae he was eating suddenly came out and began to sing along as well. \"Well, that explains why it all ran to one side when I put the salt in.\" Roddy suppressed a gag, and coughed a few times. Rita smiled. \"You know...I think we did quite well today.\" I'd better come clean with him. It's not fair to both of us. She felt slightly awkward in doing so, and used her spoon to scratch her back in order to distract herself. \"I suppose maybe I misjudged you a bit. I mean, you're not…\" She was cutoff in her confession however, by more of Roddy's humor. \"Do I hear an actual compliment coming?\" he sarcastically remarked. She laughed. \"Ugh, never mind.\" Quite to the contrary, Roddy wanted to hear exactly what she had to say. \"No no no, say it.\" Rita wanted to joke back with him. \"Well, you're not entirely the useless, whiny, stuck up, pompous, big girl's blouse I thought you were.\" Hahaha, that should of got to him. She pat him on the back gently as she passed by him. At least that's off my chest now. Roddy Rita dug under a cabinet, and pulled two raveled cloth pieces. Roddy continued to wash the bowls. \"Well, we better get some rest if we're gonna get you home tomorrow.\" She said. Almost with a bit of regret in her voice? Roddy's heart sank a little. \"Catch!\" Roddy dropped the glassware, or plastic ware in his case, and grabbed whatever it was. He looked expectantly at Rita for her to explain what he was to do with a furled…something. As if timed, it unraveled and turned out to be a sock; to sleep in, obviously. Great Scott I'm dense sometimes. Rita spread out her sock to use as a sheet. She laid back, casually put her hands behind her head, and laid back on her pillow. \"Tell me about yourself Roddy.\" Roddy stopped. No one in his entire life had asked him such a question. For a second, he looked back on his life in Kensington. What would there be to say? What am I supposed to say? Oh yea Rita, I live up top with a bunch of dolls, owned by a little girl and spend my days running around on a mouse wheel. His next statement honestly summed it up. \"Well, there's not much to tell…\" He approached his own cot and spread out the sock as a blanket. Rita prodded him for more insight. \"You know everything about me, warts and all. I don't even know what you do!\" Figuring if he could bring humor back into the conversation, he could dodge the question. \"I'm…\" His face turned serious. \"I'm in a boy band.\" \"What?!\" \"Yeah. Yeah, I'm the posh one.\" Well done Rodders. He climbed under the cover of the sock. Rita giggled. \"I'm serious!\" She flipped around to face him. \"Tell me about your life up top. Friends, family?\" Roddy was at a loss of words. Oh no, I've hit a dead end. \"Uh…\" was all he could manage. \"You do have a family, don't you?\" Rita asked, almost sounding worried. He stopped for a split second. I can't seem like a loser to her!! What kind of guy will she think I am if I live alone, no one to talk to? I can't leave this kind of impression, I've come so far with her, and I'm not going to mess it up now. So he did the only thing he could do. Lie. But for the greater good! \"O…O, Of course I do.\" He stammered. \"Brothers, sisters, cousins, we're quite a clan.\" He regained his confident manner. Rita looked at him, smiling as he talked. She's buying it. I can't stop now! \"Oh you wouldn't believe the fun we have.\" Roddy leaned back as if he was reminiscing about real events. He was one good actor. \"Hanging out at the movies, playing golf, going skiing. It's just…just so great!\" In reality, he was remembering the fun times he'd had with his play dolls. \"No wonder you want to get home.\" Rita looked at him, believing every single word. It almost seemed as if she was envious. She's got the biggest family of them all! What could be missing from her life? Roddy could almost not bear the pain. The cold hard truth hit him like a knockout punch. He was alone. He had none of which he lied about. And it hurt him. What have I done? Who am I? \"Yeah…\" He sighed. To Rita it seemed it was a sigh of happiness. In reality, it was a sigh of a sad, sad mouse. \"Well,\" Rita began, with a sorry tone in her voice. \"I guess tomorrow we'll both get what we want.\" Rita closed her eyes. Roddy rolled over. No…it's really not what I want after all, is it? He was living a lie, alone in some rich apartment. What is lying in royalty when you don't have friends? No family? No one to call your own? This is terrible… He felt like crying in that moment. He did what he always did, sent out a simple good night to…no one. It was always followed by silence…a silence that now stung him tenfold.. \"Good night, Roddy.\" Roddy opened his eyes. His face lit up like never before. He had misheard. No, impossible. Somone had said good night back to him... The silence was broken at last. Words could not describe the feeling of happiness he felt at that moment. To make sure this wasn't a dream, to make sure he wasn't hearing his lone echo, he said it again. \"Good Night.\" Puzzled, Rita replied again. \"Good Night…\" Delighted beyond delight, Roddy said good night again in a high, squeaky voice. This feeling…it's fantastic! \"Good Night.\" Rita replied again, slightly more confused. One more time, Roddy uttered it again in a low, baratone voice. Might as well have some fun? \"Good Night Roddy!\" She tried to hide her laugher. \"Don't let the bed bugs bite.\" She crooned sweetly. Little did Roddy know she was serious. He felt a crunch on his behind, and he pulled out a little hrub from under the sock. Rita giggled. Smiling, he flicked it off the boat. Rita nodded at him and he settled under the covers. I don't believe it. What is this I'm feeling? Its new…it's amazingly! I feel…I feel…home, at last… Roddy settled into his make-shift bed. A warm feeling of belonging, that he had been waiting for so, so long, crept across him. He could only smile as he drifted off to sleep, alongside his new best friend. Writers note: If you took the time to read this, you warm my heart greatly. The story line of this movie plays close to my heart; Roddy's feelings and mine are very close, and that fact helped me write this with both heart and soul. By simply reading this you've let me know that, yea, there are some people in the world who care. You have my undying gratitude. Don't forget to review! I'd love to hear what you think of my first ever writing piece. Depending on how this goes, I'll aspire to write more. In reality, your words go a long, long way.","Summary":" I've always wanted to write something on Flushed Away, convey the characters' feelings somehow, wha","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Humor Romance  - Words: 6,063 - Reviews: 17 - Favs: 14 - Follows: 1 - Published: 5 31 2007 - id: 3567064 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Tina and the Mask","Author":"curveball","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7209810","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tina Carlyle stood near the edge of Stanley's bed, fixing her hair in his mirror, listening to him whistle in the shower. The whistling had always been unbearable. She had been dating Stanley for what seemed like months now, and another morning of getting ready in his grimy, unkept apartment was beginning to grate on her nerves. Once he was out of the shower, she knew Stanley would start politely groping her, talking sweet about her day and what they would do that night. Dressed in her favourite black and white pinstripe dress, she tried to look at herself objectively; a dancer at the Coco Bongo, a 21 year old girl, a blonde, a closeted comic book nerd, a sap. Why was she even dating Stanley now? She thought about all that time waitressing at the club just to get a chance to dance, and now - what did she have to show for it? Was she getting older? Could people tell? She dropped her curvy, arched out posture and leaned on the dresser, her body bulging in the dress slightly. In the mirror, Tina studied her thin, arched eyebrows and her plump, wide lips. Ever since Stanley had stopped using the mask, things had gotten a lot less interesting. Milo had rescued the Mask from the river, yes, but now it was hidden in the bottom of one of Stanley's dresser drawers. Stanley hadn't even been interested in using it for sex - to Tina, it seemed like the novelty of having her was enough for him. The shower still running, Tina saw a golden opportunity. At this point in the morning, she was usually still sleeping, so Stanley wouldn't suspect a thing. She rifled through his drawers finding dirty clothes, stacks of small bills, old magazines - aha! The Mask. Tina stood up straight, possessed by the strange, alien wood. Old, beautiful...and somehow shiny on the inside. Across the room, Milo barked, scaring Tina half to death. She had completely zoned out to the inside of the mask. Bringing it up near her face in the mirror, she began imagining herself wearing it. Stanley had looked so incredible in that yellow suit, those razor sharp facial features. What would happen to her? Would she still have her hair? Did it hurt to wear? In this moment, Tina could suddenly see how Stanley had been carried away on that whole adventure. The Mask was heavy in her hands, and she could tell how enormous its power was just from the feeling in her hands. Tina brushed her hair back, looking through the eye holes of the Mask as she brought it closer and closer, imagining the feeling of it the way Stanley had explained it to her many times, 'like a vacuum right on your face', apparently. She slammed it onto her skin, her cheeks and nose and mouth fitting perfectly into the smooth wooden mold...and nothing happened. She stood there, looking in the mirror and imagining the Mask covering her entire head, massaging the wood just in case it would yield to her touch. Just then, Stanley emerged from the bathroom in a cloud of steam, and Tina immediately jammed the Mask in her purse along with her makeup and keys. \"Hey, honey!\" he exclaimed, drying off his hair, in his underwear and a t-shirt. Tina shied away from his peck on her cheek, adjusting the plunging neckline of her tight dress. \"I've gotta go, they're pissed at this club, there's this whole thing tonight...\" Tina said, not making eye contact. \"Okay, well - I'll see ya!\" Stanley said, giving a single wave to Tina as she leaned in the doorframe, almost out of the apartment. \"Stan...you ever miss wearing the mask? The way it felt?\" Tina asked, almost embarrassed. Stanley looked at her curiously. \"I don't have to...I've got you.\" Stanley smiled sweetly. Tina took a huge breath in, her chest heaving out of her dress as she tried to swallow his sickly sweet sentiment. With a half-hearted wink, she closed the door behind her, the Mask in her purse.[Chapter 2] Tina stashed her purse in her locker, her heart skipping a beat as she remembered she had actually gotten her hands on the Mask. Her heels echoed in the dim corridor as she headed to the shared dressing room. Randy, the owner of the Coco Bongo, rounded the corner into the dressing room without knocking and leaned on Tina's open locker door. Tina nervously eyed her purse, a corner of the mask sticking out in plain sight. \"Got some big-wigs coming in tonight, Teen. There's tryouts.\" Randy said, pulling his stained shirt over his enormous belly. \"What do you mean - I already dance here…\" Tina said, anxiously curling her hair around her fingers. \"Don't worry, sweetheart. No one's taking your job. It's a new show, investors are coming in, they want a hot headliner for this place. Someone they can put on billboards. You should give it a shot, take you off that slot you've had forever.\" Tina rolled her eyes, mentally scrambling to imagine what she would perform at an audition. \"Ugh, they're auditioning tonight ?\" Tina asked. \"Hey, I didn't have to tell you. Lot of other dancers in this place who would kill to have a shot. So the guys are in the back room - drop by there before you go on tonight.\" Randy banged his hand on a locker to punctuate his suggestion, wandering off to the kitchen without saying a word. Tina imagined the audition room: the lack of windows, the stares of the men, the old carpeting, her body. Her body not even close to some of the other young dancers here, like Wendy. God, Wendy was something. Tina couldn't remember looking like that when she was nineteen. Tina stared at the mask sticking out of her purse, daydreaming again about running around like Stanley when he wore it. Was it worth wearing for the audition, just for fun? They wouldn't recognize who she really was. Maybe it might give her a little extra help…Tina touched the mask, feeling energized just by running her finger over the wood. No, she thought - it wasn't her. She was better than that. Plus, it was still the middle of the day, and she remember Stanley was only ever able to put it on at night. Tina marched deep into the depths of the Coco Bongo, finding a couple girls sitting on fold-up chairs as they played with their phones and waited outside the door marked 'Auditions'. None of them gave her any indication of what to do, nor was there someone there waiting to greet her, so she took a deep breath and swung the door open and stepped inside. Her anxiety had built up the room to be quite different: there were only two people sitting behind a plastic conference table, buried in stacks of head shots and empty styrofoam cups. In the middle, Tommy Jonas. Tina vaguely recognized him; he was a large man in his fifties, grizzled, with a short dark beard and tiny glasses that sat on his huge features. To his left, sat Craig, his young assistant, arguably better groomed than he was. Despite being behind the table, Craig didn't seem comfortable in his own skin, nervously playing with the buckle of his black briefcase. His Italian features and Tommy's ruffled but experienced demeanour lent a air of credibility to what was usually a seedy enterprise. Tommy leaned forward, his chair squeaking. \"I'm Tommy, the producer. That's Craig. So I'm going to stop you right there -\" Tommy said, sticking out his huge hand as Tina froze in the middle of tightening the strap of her heel, strategically exposing a bit of her thigh. \"We've already seen enough blonde bombshells like you today. Kid, honestly, I know you got better things to do today, so I'm not gonna waste your time. We've seen your type.\" Sensing Tina's impending heartbreak at not even getting a chance to audition, Craig piped up: \"It's nothing personal, you just don't have the look.\" He softly withdrew his hands from his briefcase and buried them in his lap, leaning forward as he waited for this painful moment to be over. Tina blinked back tears. \"Randy, he sent me. He thought you guys might like me, is all.\" Tommy exhaled, clearly tired of this routine, and took a moment to reassure her. \"Sweetheart, the club loves you, no question. We're just looking for a star.\"[Chapter 3] Hours later, Tina had done her act several times following appearances by the new dancer, Wendy, and it was now getting dark. Tina could barely keep it together - when she went onstage after Wendy, the crowd seemed completely uninterested, and the audition had only confirmed to her that she was old news. Tears beginning to stream down her face, she rushed to the dressing room and opened her locker, fishing out the Mask from her purse. Holding it in her hands, she felt special again…the Mask was thick and heavy in her hands. Tina wiped away her tears, fully composing herself as she stared deep into the emerald green. She brought the ancient artifact up closer and closer, watching the inside shimmer until it leaped out of her hands, her vision overwhelmed by the squirming wood, suddenly alive! She stumbled back into the lockers, moaning in pain through the vicious transformation as the mask began to crack with lime green energy. Her hand slid down the metal surface of the lockers, looking for something to hold onto, but finding nothing. Snake-like whips grew from the edges, wrapping around Tina's gorgeous blonde hair, until there was no trace of it except for what stuck out from the back of her head, now fully encased in the throbbing, dark green mask. Tina's face was now covered in almost an inch of thick rubber, which had turned a brilliant green as it contorted and wrenched her facial features into a cartoonish version of herself. At this point, alone in the locker room, Tina entered into an uncontrollable tornado, speeding around the space as her pinstripe dress reweaved itself into a yellow blur, her face going through the final stages of the transformation in the obscured blur of the twister. Inside the mask, Tina's could see through the two eye holes, which for her, protruded out like looking through a pair of binoculars. She could hear herself breathed in a muffled way, but could tell that the Mask was going to be controlling things from now on, and she was just a spectator. For a moment, underneath the thick rubber, she felt like she was suffocating, but the tightness increased, and soon she felt waves of ecstasy as she felt her signature smile grow into an exaggerated grin wider than she had ever felt it grow before. In the locker room, Tina finally spun to a stop, her high heeled shoes squeaking like brakes as she stood in a power stance. \"I'm ready for my closeup!\" she shouted sultrily in a faux, smoky Marilyn Monroe voice. Tina, now The Mask, was wearing a skintight yellow dress cut down to a generously plunging V-neck, along with a shorter hem than she had ever worn, showing most of her smooth, eye-catching thighs. Whether the Mask had transformed her body or the dress was simply squeezing it into a new shape was unclear, but Tina's new figure was unmistakable: her chest had grown several cup sizes, her new cleavage bulging out of the V-neck of her dress, jiggling with every small movement, and her waist now four or five inches smaller, now to almost impossibly Barbie-like proportions, complete with a voluptuous rear. Tina's hair was gone, her entire head covered in the smooth, ridged Mask. Her eyes, noticeably bigger, sparkled and shone a deep blue as she began to strut around the change room like a catwalk. Snapping out of her 'model' routine, Tina raced like the roadrunner to her vanity mirror, where her jaw dropped upon seeing her reflection. \"Darling, you look fantastic! \" she shouted at the top of her lungs, planting a huge kiss on the mirror. She stood in various poses, arching her back to highlight her bust, not realizing it was completely unnecessary - Tina's figure could cause a car crash no matter which way she stood. She turned around, marvelling at the tight, clean seam at the back of her mask…clearly this was where Stanley had been able to pull it off before, not that she was going to do the same thing anytime soon! A feeling of enormous power washed over her as she realized she could do anything, become anyone…and in an instant, Tina swirled around hundreds of times in a second, emerging from her tornado as a busty lifeguard, complete with a red bathing suit and life preserver. \"What? Someone's in trouble? Oh no!\" she shouted, jogging in super slow motion, partially defying gravity. Growing tired of the character, she quickly transformed into a nurse, holding a giant needle, dressed from head to toe in a tiny white cotton outfit. \"Don't worry, it'll just be a little pinch!\" she said sweetly, taking the needle and sucking some of the fat from her waist with it, adopting an even more Barbie-like appearance. She winked at the mirror and spun into the form of Jessica Rabbit, tossing out a luscious body of long red hair and big, puckered lips, along with a sequinned cocktail dress. \"Oh my goodness! \" she cried, cocking her huge hips. With a quick spin, now she was Supergirl, then she was Poison Ivy, then she was Lara Croft, then she was a secret agent in a skintight black rubber catsuit - the possibilities were endless! Tina gazed into the mirror, the rubber of her catsuit squeaking, realizing she could be anyone…taking both of her hands, she slowly brought them up to the mask and ran them over the smooth surface of it, fully taking in her new superpower. With a devilish grin, she spun again once more, transforming into Stanley's Mask persona, complete with his yellow suit and hat, white shirt, and sharp features and masculine body! It was like Stanley, wearing the mask, was right here in front of her again, like all those years ago. \"Ooooooh, ssssomebody stop me!\" she shouted in his wacky voice, looking like a carbon copy of him, grinning viciously. Wearing out her stamina with all these quick changes, Tina's bust bulged back into the suit, the fabric quickly melting back into her signature yellow dress, Stanley's classic features giving way to Tina's huge cheekbones and massive lips. Taken aback by the unexpected transformation, Tina stumbled back into the main dressing room area, bouncing into lockers and ricocheting around the room at an increasing rate like a pinball, eventually hurdling herself back towards the audition room, breaking the doors off their hinges to find Tommy and Craig packing up for the night. As the dust and splinters of wood gently fell behind her, Tina stood tall in her skintight yellow dress, hands on her hips. \"Boys. Were you expecting someone else?\" she asked coyly. She snapped her fingers, turning all the lights off in the small room and cueing a spotlight from an impossible angle. As she began to sing 'Big Spender' to the accompaniment from an unseen orchestra, Tommy froze, captivated by this green-faced beauty. As Tina finished up the rousing song, Tommy and Craig erupted in applause, confetti falling from the ceiling. \"Way to go, way to go! Way to go! What's your name, gorgeous?\" Tommy shouted, pulling out a cigar and lighting it as he made his way over to Tina, who was still frozen in her finishing pose. \"Just call me The Mask.\" Tina said sweetly. \"Well, whoever you are, you got it. Your name's gonna be up in lights in no time!\" he say uproariously. TIna planted a huge kiss on Tommy's mouth as Craig watched, who had been desperate even to say one word to her the entire time. Tina winked at Craig and dashed out the door in a green blur. Tina walked down the dark hallway, still wearing the mask. It was close to 4am, and she was wearing her black rubber catsuit, which squeaked obnoxiously as she creeped towards Stanley's apartment. Tina's mind was racing - she had never had so much attention paid to her in her entire life! The parties she had been to - the men, the women she had met. What if she woke Stanley up and they had a little fun together? Would he even want that? She couldn't imagine him ever wanting her like this, these cartoonish breasts, this ridiculous skintight suit, this maniacal face. No, she thought - and she might never get to wear it again if he found out. Gritting her massive teeth just outside Stanley's door, Tina reached up to the back of her head and fit her fingers into the seam of the mask, which felt firm and unyielding. Digging her fingers in deep, the Mask split, and the tight green rubber began to wrinkle and droop as she wrenched it away from her face. Tina's rubber catsuit was being ripped away in the emerging tornado, and her incredible new curves started to jiggle and sink back into her flesh. As she pulled and pulled, her cheeks were stretched out like they were glued, as if to let Tina know that if she changed her mind at any moment, the Mask would be more than happy to snap back to its prior perfection. The skin of her face warping and clinging to the mask like gum on the bottom of a shoe, the mask finally popped off, falling neatly into Tina's purse. Tiptoeing into Stanley's bedroom, Tina dropped her purse on the dresser, yanking off one heel, then another, and pulling off her pinstripe dress in one move of her arms above her head. Stanley stirred awake, grateful to see his girlfriend. \"Hey honey - c'mere…\" he murmured lovingly. \"I'm tired, Stan. G'night…\" she said, plopping down on her side of the bed without even giving him a kiss, imagining his rejection of her as The Mask on loop.[Chapter 4] A few short days after Tina landed the audition, Stanley left Edge City on a business trip. On her first morning left alone to her own devices, Tina awoke to a handwritten note on her bedside table. \"Saw your show the other night at the club. Best thing I've seen in a while. Can't wait to take you out on a date when I get back. Your biggest fan, Stanley.\" Stanley had gone to see her show without telling her? Tina's heart swelled - Stanley hadn't gone to one of her shows in months, and even though she never expected to see him there, she was touched. With the day off, Tina spent the afternoon shopping, leaving the apartment descending into a mess, eventually arriving back at dinnertime, takeout in one hand, an armful of shopping bags in the other. The vivid colours of the sunset splashed across the apartment's windows as Tina devoured chinese food, when suddenly the phone rang. Her mouth half full of food, Tina answered the phone - \"…hello?\" \"Yeah hey: Tommy here, the producer. I'm lookin' for someone with the stage name….'Mask'. She around? It's urgent.\" Immediately panicking, Tina cleared her throat, covering the receiver with her extra large gym t-shirt. \"May I ask what this is regarding?\" Tina asked in a faux secretary voice. \"Yeah, it's about her wardrobe fitting and the music for the act. Can I talk to her or what?\" he said, impatiently. \"Just a moment.\" Tina said sweetly, immediately racing off to the bedroom, rummaging through Stanley's drawers to find the Mask. She had promised herself she would only wear it for the new job, and even though she was only at home, this waswork related…she had to wear it! Wasting no more time, standing in the middle of the living room now, Tina slammed the mask into her face…and nothing happened. Opening her scrunched-closed eyes, she could see through the holes that it was still just barely daylight outside, the sunset disappearing…but it wasn't night just yet. Frantic, she shut the curtains, racing back to the phone, desperately massaging the mask onto her skin, which was slowly beginning to melt just enough to stay attached on its own. She forced the rigid wooden jaw open and began to speak, her voice now the smoky, distinctive personality of the Mask. \"Oh - hhhhello?\" she said somewhat stiltedly, her eyes beginning to pop out of the sockets slightly as the mask tightened its seal in super slow motion. \"Yeah! Is this the Mask, or what? I'm sick of waiting!\" Tommy said, starting to lose it. Tina massaged the wooden edges of the mask with her other hand, her body still untransformed. Suddenly, Tina got mobility in her jaw… \"Oh, Tommy, darling, what's got you so worked up? I oughta help you relax the next time I see you.\" Tina said hyper-suggestively, her personality now completely the Mask. Still in her baggy clothes, she could feel the dormant-looking mask fully attached to her face. Tommy immediately softened up. \"Oh, that sounds great, actually. Listen, why don't you come by tomorrow night for a fitting, and we can go over your music, how does that sound?\" \"A fitting, sounds like fun . Can't wait to try a new look out for you, Tommy. I'll see you then.\" Tina said, her voice oozing sexuality. Sticking out her tongue into (and through) the receiver to the other end of the call, she licked his ear playfully, and immediately hung up. Immediately, Tina felt the mask starting to smother her, and went to peel it away just as the sunset finally dipped under the horizon. Just as her fingers managed to grasp the mask's upper rim, the wood wildly sprang to life to complete the transformation, and Tina was helpless to stop it. Whipping around the room, completely out of control, Tina felt the wood of the mask turn to rubber, wrapping around her head with the tightness of a vice before she stopped cold in front of her full length mirror in her bedroom, wearing her signature yellow dress. \"Oooooh, feels good to be back!\" Tina said, admiring her hourglass curves and striking green features. \"I think I need a bit of a makeover, though. This gal's looking a little tired.\" she said, winking to her reflection as she shook her face wildly, the green rubber jiggling around until it reformed unmistakably into the features of Scarlett Johansson, her long blonde hair tumbling out of the mask. Tina as Scarlett, looking back at herself, gasped uncontrollably, her jaw dropping several inches at her movie star looks. Gripping the edges of the mask, she pulled the mask even tighter across her face, Scarlett's features getting a miniature facelift as the rubber sealed itself even tighter with a few loud squeaks and a snap. \"There, that looks about right!\" she said in Scarlett's voice, her bust bulging out a few sizes. Whipping out her hot pink purse, she began rummaging through it. \"Ugh, I have got to reorganize this. There's no way a girl needs all this for a night on the town.\" she complained, pulling out a giant wooden hammer and tossing it onto her bed. Digging further, she found a hunting knife, jokingly picking out something in her enormous teeth before hucking it into the wall. Now, sticking her arm impossibly deep into the purse, she pulled out a crowbar, tossing it in her hands playfully. \"Hmm, might actually need this.\" Dropping it back into her purse, the only other thing she found was a green makeup kit and lipstick, which she scoffed at, perfectly happy with her supermodel look. To Tina's surprise, she heard a rap at the door. \"Just a seconnnnd!\" she shouted. Gritting her massive teeth, she zoomed to the door in what looked like a single step, peering sensually into the peephole to see a young, good looking tenant who lived down the hall: Harvey. \"Hell-o, beautiful.\" Tina said to herself as Scarlett, looking down at her yellow dress and pleased to see it amply filled out in just the ways she wanted - she had never looked so good, even during her two times so far wearing the mask…she was completely irresistible. She was really starting to get the hang of its power. But if she answered the door, she would certainly be able to do anything she desired to this young man - was she willing to do that to Stanley? She had toyed with the idea before, but never seriously gone through with it…this was the closest she had ever gotten. \"Oh, Stanley…\" she said to herself quietly, bringing her hands up to the mask, tugging and wrenching at the back of the mask, Scarlett's face twisting into a wrinkled, grotesque form as she moaned in pain, the curvy yellow dress disappearing in a fine green mist, the last of Scarlett's features melting into the wood of the mask. Tossing the inert wood onto the sidetable, she threw open the lock, answering the door in her pajamas. \"Oh - hey Tina.\" Harvey said, surprised to see her, shuffling in his white t-shirt and jeans. Tina looked like a mess, bags under her eyes, her hair twisted and half covering her eyes, her ruffled pajamas newly free from the mask's transformative grip. \"Sorry that took so long…\" Tina said, her voice scratchy and hoarse from the strain of wearing the mask. \"What do you need?\" she asked. \"Oh, I was just looking for Stanley. I guess he's out?\" \"Away on business, actually. Yeah.\" They both stood in an awkward silence, Tina dying to get away, embarrassed by her attraction to Harvey and her completely dishevelled state. \"Well…nice to see you around, Teen…\" Harvey said, flashing her a quick wave and walking back down the hallway to his apartment before she could say another thing. Closing the door, Tina slid down the back of it, sinking her hands into her hair, holding back tears…why had she been so overcome to cheat on Stanley with the mask on? She had enough sense to take it in that moment, but she was well aware of long stretches of time where the incredible power of the green rubber didn't even have her think twice about doing anything. She had felt so compelled to head out into the city, to get some excitement back into her life, to stir up some mischief. Now, more than ever, she felt like her rule of only wearing it for purposes of the show was well founded - with a goal in mind, she wouldn't stray too far when wearing it. And really, she hadn't decided to keep wearing it that evening - it simply slipped out of her control briefly after the phone call, and took her a couple minutes to get off after a quick distraction, the thrill of being Scarlett, of having that body, that power. She hadn't even done anything, and certainly not anything wrong. Exhausted from the whole ordeal, she flicked off all the lights, half-tossing the mask into its drawer, and flopping onto her bed. Still wearing all her clothes, not even bothering to get into the sheets, instantly, she was asleep. Images of the Coco Bongo flooded her dream…fake palm trees, that terrible cheap perfume that filled the joint every night. In the distance, The Mask, the first time she ever saw him, sitting in the crowd. The audience, caught in the perpetual din of slow motion applause, faded into the distance as he approached her, and she could see herself in her street clothes, standing on the lit-up steps of the stage, men with guns flanking the exits of the club. Embracing her briefly, he dipped her, and she could see the incredible crevices of his mask, the pores in the green rubber, his incredible teeth, his eyes, and the spark behind them, seconds before her memory of their kiss. She aged, growing older before his eyes, and the heart beating out of his chest began to recede as he faded onwards to another woman further up the stage, and still floating from his dip, she fell slowly to the stage floor, and upon impact, her eyes shot open, hours later. Awake, alone, sweating, Tina felt desperately afraid, and took no hesitation into diving for the mask in Stanley's drawer, kicking up a huge tornado in the bedroom, taking an exceptionally long time to emerge from it as the Mask. She screeched to a stop in the living room dressed in a deep red coloured latex dress, along with thick, wavy, fiery red hair. Tossing it back, not a strand of hair out of place, she squeezed into a pair of long red opera gloves as she confidently thrusted her leg forward into a power stance, a long slit up the side of her dress showing her incredibly long thighs. Shaking her face until the rubber of the mask loosened, her lips began to make flapping sounds until she stopped all at once, her face now none other than that of Christina Hendricks. \"I'm ready,\" she announced with a smirk in a husky, distinctly womanly voice. Taking long, no-nonsense strides towards the kitchen, her heels clacked on the floor thunderously. Throwing open the fridge, its light casting dramatically along her profile, she could see herself in the reflection of a cabinet window, her figure unbelievably voluptuous. She bent all the way down, retrieving an ice cold bottle of champagne from the back of the the fridge. Spinning around on her foot, she closed the fridge door with her other heel and headed for the apartment door, finally ready to embrace the night, the city, and the power of the mask. First thing was first - she was going to have the treat down the hall she had denied herself before. Walking down the hallway with a bottle of champagne, strutting determinedly, her hips swaying wildly, rhythmically, Tina gave the bottle a good shake and sent the cork popping off, shooting a hole in the drywall, embedding itself in the building somewhere. Bubbling white foam frothed over the lip of the bottle as Tina took a sip right from the bottle, droplets of champagne dripping down the chin of her rubber mask, her body jiggling as she walked. That was his door at the end at the right, 406. Three doors away, through the window at the end of the hallway, cruelly, the sun peeked up from behind a building, searing into Tina's eyes. Gasping, she continued, and her steps began to shake as she stumbled to his door, dropping the champagne onto the maroon carpet, spraying up and around before its liquid spread in a pool beneath her as her breathing grew laboured, the beautiful mask stiffening up on her face. She was still intact, she realized - all she had to do was get inside, and she could have her way, maybe… She lost balance, and fell onto the door, leaning completely on her bust as she slid down, the mask beginning to wrinkle and droop, her chest distorting as she fell down further, landing on her knees. The red latex dress rippling, she reached for the door, her hand slipping on the champagne covered knob, and now she could see the wooden eye holes beginning to encroach on her vision, the mask's hips receding into her own. The skintight green rubber drying up into wood, the seal at the back of her head receded, the mask clattering to the carpet as Tina shook from being violently robbed of her power. That was her last chance while Stanley was still out of town...","LastChapter":"A few short days after Tina landed the audition, Stanley left Edge City on a business trip. On her first morning left alone to her own devices, Tina awoke to a handwritten note on her bedside table. \"Saw your show the other night at the club. Best thing I've seen in a while. Can't wait to take you out on a date when I get back. Your biggest fan, Stanley.\" Stanley had gone to see her show without telling her? Tina's heart swelled - Stanley hadn't gone to one of her shows in months, and even though she never expected to see him there, she was touched. With the day off, Tina spent the afternoon shopping, leaving the apartment descending into a mess, eventually arriving back at dinnertime, takeout in one hand, an armful of shopping bags in the other. The vivid colours of the sunset splashed across the apartment's windows as Tina devoured chinese food, when suddenly the phone rang. Her mouth half full of food, Tina answered the phone - \"…hello?\" \"Yeah hey: Tommy here, the producer. I'm lookin' for someone with the stage name….'Mask'. She around? It's urgent.\" Immediately panicking, Tina cleared her throat, covering the receiver with her extra large gym t-shirt. \"May I ask what this is regarding?\" Tina asked in a faux secretary voice. \"Yeah, it's about her wardrobe fitting and the music for the act. Can I talk to her or what?\" he said, impatiently. \"Just a moment.\" Tina said sweetly, immediately racing off to the bedroom, rummaging through Stanley's drawers to find the Mask. She had promised herself she would only wear it for the new job, and even though she was only at home, this waswork related…she had to wear it! Wasting no more time, standing in the middle of the living room now, Tina slammed the mask into her face…and nothing happened. Opening her scrunched-closed eyes, she could see through the holes that it was still just barely daylight outside, the sunset disappearing…but it wasn't night just yet. Frantic, she shut the curtains, racing back to the phone, desperately massaging the mask onto her skin, which was slowly beginning to melt just enough to stay attached on its own. She forced the rigid wooden jaw open and began to speak, her voice now the smoky, distinctive personality of the Mask. \"Oh - hhhhello?\" she said somewhat stiltedly, her eyes beginning to pop out of the sockets slightly as the mask tightened its seal in super slow motion. \"Yeah! Is this the Mask, or what? I'm sick of waiting!\" Tommy said, starting to lose it. Tina massaged the wooden edges of the mask with her other hand, her body still untransformed. Suddenly, Tina got mobility in her jaw… \"Oh, Tommy, darling, what's got you so worked up? I oughta help you relax the next time I see you.\" Tina said hyper-suggestively, her personality now completely the Mask. Still in her baggy clothes, she could feel the dormant-looking mask fully attached to her face. Tommy immediately softened up. \"Oh, that sounds great, actually. Listen, why don't you come by tomorrow night for a fitting, and we can go over your music, how does that sound?\" \"A fitting, sounds like fun . Can't wait to try a new look out for you, Tommy. I'll see you then.\" Tina said, her voice oozing sexuality. Sticking out her tongue into (and through) the receiver to the other end of the call, she licked his ear playfully, and immediately hung up. Immediately, Tina felt the mask starting to smother her, and went to peel it away just as the sunset finally dipped under the horizon. Just as her fingers managed to grasp the mask's upper rim, the wood wildly sprang to life to complete the transformation, and Tina was helpless to stop it. Whipping around the room, completely out of control, Tina felt the wood of the mask turn to rubber, wrapping around her head with the tightness of a vice before she stopped cold in front of her full length mirror in her bedroom, wearing her signature yellow dress. \"Oooooh, feels good to be back!\" Tina said, admiring her hourglass curves and striking green features. \"I think I need a bit of a makeover, though. This gal's looking a little tired.\" she said, winking to her reflection as she shook her face wildly, the green rubber jiggling around until it reformed unmistakably into the features of Scarlett Johansson, her long blonde hair tumbling out of the mask. Tina as Scarlett, looking back at herself, gasped uncontrollably, her jaw dropping several inches at her movie star looks. Gripping the edges of the mask, she pulled the mask even tighter across her face, Scarlett's features getting a miniature facelift as the rubber sealed itself even tighter with a few loud squeaks and a snap. \"There, that looks about right!\" she said in Scarlett's voice, her bust bulging out a few sizes. Whipping out her hot pink purse, she began rummaging through it. \"Ugh, I have got to reorganize this. There's no way a girl needs all this for a night on the town.\" she complained, pulling out a giant wooden hammer and tossing it onto her bed. Digging further, she found a hunting knife, jokingly picking out something in her enormous teeth before hucking it into the wall. Now, sticking her arm impossibly deep into the purse, she pulled out a crowbar, tossing it in her hands playfully. \"Hmm, might actually need this.\" Dropping it back into her purse, the only other thing she found was a green makeup kit and lipstick, which she scoffed at, perfectly happy with her supermodel look. To Tina's surprise, she heard a rap at the door. \"Just a seconnnnd!\" she shouted. Gritting her massive teeth, she zoomed to the door in what looked like a single step, peering sensually into the peephole to see a young, good looking tenant who lived down the hall: Harvey. \"Hell-o, beautiful.\" Tina said to herself as Scarlett, looking down at her yellow dress and pleased to see it amply filled out in just the ways she wanted - she had never looked so good, even during her two times so far wearing the mask…she was completely irresistible. She was really starting to get the hang of its power. But if she answered the door, she would certainly be able to do anything she desired to this young man - was she willing to do that to Stanley? She had toyed with the idea before, but never seriously gone through with it…this was the closest she had ever gotten. \"Oh, Stanley…\" she said to herself quietly, bringing her hands up to the mask, tugging and wrenching at the back of the mask, Scarlett's face twisting into a wrinkled, grotesque form as she moaned in pain, the curvy yellow dress disappearing in a fine green mist, the last of Scarlett's features melting into the wood of the mask. Tossing the inert wood onto the sidetable, she threw open the lock, answering the door in her pajamas. \"Oh - hey Tina.\" Harvey said, surprised to see her, shuffling in his white t-shirt and jeans. Tina looked like a mess, bags under her eyes, her hair twisted and half covering her eyes, her ruffled pajamas newly free from the mask's transformative grip. \"Sorry that took so long…\" Tina said, her voice scratchy and hoarse from the strain of wearing the mask. \"What do you need?\" she asked. \"Oh, I was just looking for Stanley. I guess he's out?\" \"Away on business, actually. Yeah.\" They both stood in an awkward silence, Tina dying to get away, embarrassed by her attraction to Harvey and her completely dishevelled state. \"Well…nice to see you around, Teen…\" Harvey said, flashing her a quick wave and walking back down the hallway to his apartment before she could say another thing. Closing the door, Tina slid down the back of it, sinking her hands into her hair, holding back tears…why had she been so overcome to cheat on Stanley with the mask on? She had enough sense to take it in that moment, but she was well aware of long stretches of time where the incredible power of the green rubber didn't even have her think twice about doing anything. She had felt so compelled to head out into the city, to get some excitement back into her life, to stir up some mischief. Now, more than ever, she felt like her rule of only wearing it for purposes of the show was well founded - with a goal in mind, she wouldn't stray too far when wearing it. And really, she hadn't decided to keep wearing it that evening - it simply slipped out of her control briefly after the phone call, and took her a couple minutes to get off after a quick distraction, the thrill of being Scarlett, of having that body, that power. She hadn't even done anything, and certainly not anything wrong. Exhausted from the whole ordeal, she flicked off all the lights, half-tossing the mask into its drawer, and flopping onto her bed. Still wearing all her clothes, not even bothering to get into the sheets, instantly, she was asleep. Images of the Coco Bongo flooded her dream…fake palm trees, that terrible cheap perfume that filled the joint every night. In the distance, The Mask, the first time she ever saw him, sitting in the crowd. The audience, caught in the perpetual din of slow motion applause, faded into the distance as he approached her, and she could see herself in her street clothes, standing on the lit-up steps of the stage, men with guns flanking the exits of the club. Embracing her briefly, he dipped her, and she could see the incredible crevices of his mask, the pores in the green rubber, his incredible teeth, his eyes, and the spark behind them, seconds before her memory of their kiss. She aged, growing older before his eyes, and the heart beating out of his chest began to recede as he faded onwards to another woman further up the stage, and still floating from his dip, she fell slowly to the stage floor, and upon impact, her eyes shot open, hours later. Awake, alone, sweating, Tina felt desperately afraid, and took no hesitation into diving for the mask in Stanley's drawer, kicking up a huge tornado in the bedroom, taking an exceptionally long time to emerge from it as the Mask. She screeched to a stop in the living room dressed in a deep red coloured latex dress, along with thick, wavy, fiery red hair. Tossing it back, not a strand of hair out of place, she squeezed into a pair of long red opera gloves as she confidently thrusted her leg forward into a power stance, a long slit up the side of her dress showing her incredibly long thighs. Shaking her face until the rubber of the mask loosened, her lips began to make flapping sounds until she stopped all at once, her face now none other than that of Christina Hendricks. \"I'm ready,\" she announced with a smirk in a husky, distinctly womanly voice. Taking long, no-nonsense strides towards the kitchen, her heels clacked on the floor thunderously. Throwing open the fridge, its light casting dramatically along her profile, she could see herself in the reflection of a cabinet window, her figure unbelievably voluptuous. She bent all the way down, retrieving an ice cold bottle of champagne from the back of the the fridge. Spinning around on her foot, she closed the fridge door with her other heel and headed for the apartment door, finally ready to embrace the night, the city, and the power of the mask. First thing was first - she was going to have the treat down the hall she had denied herself before. Walking down the hallway with a bottle of champagne, strutting determinedly, her hips swaying wildly, rhythmically, Tina gave the bottle a good shake and sent the cork popping off, shooting a hole in the drywall, embedding itself in the building somewhere. Bubbling white foam frothed over the lip of the bottle as Tina took a sip right from the bottle, droplets of champagne dripping down the chin of her rubber mask, her body jiggling as she walked. That was his door at the end at the right, 406. Three doors away, through the window at the end of the hallway, cruelly, the sun peeked up from behind a building, searing into Tina's eyes. Gasping, she continued, and her steps began to shake as she stumbled to his door, dropping the champagne onto the maroon carpet, spraying up and around before its liquid spread in a pool beneath her as her breathing grew laboured, the beautiful mask stiffening up on her face. She was still intact, she realized - all she had to do was get inside, and she could have her way, maybe… She lost balance, and fell onto the door, leaning completely on her bust as she slid down, the mask beginning to wrinkle and droop, her chest distorting as she fell down further, landing on her knees. The red latex dress rippling, she reached for the door, her hand slipping on the champagne covered knob, and now she could see the wooden eye holes beginning to encroach on her vision, the mask's hips receding into her own. The skintight green rubber drying up into wood, the seal at the back of her head receded, the mask clattering to the carpet as Tina shook from being violently robbed of her power. That was her last chance while Stanley was still out of town...","Summary":" Tina Carlyle stood near the edge of Stanley's bed, fixing her hair in his mirror, listening to him ","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Adventure -  Tina C. - Chapters: 4   - Words: 3,493 - Reviews: 28 - Favs: 18 - Follows: 16 - Updated: 12 4 2012 - Published: 7 23 2011 - id: 7209810 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Darkest Desires","Author":"Citywriter84","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9070142","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Darkest Desires Jessie had found the wooden mask in the rushes of the river. It seemed very crude and was certainly an ancient design. She had heard the vague rumours of what it could do. There was an urban myth of a wooden mask that granted its wearer unlimited power and removed all inhibitions. A plan formulated in her mind. A wild hope surrounding her best friend, tied in with the mask. Jimmy had been her best friend in her teenage years. He was not only of athletic build, but devastatingly handsome, there was no doubt about that. He had gorgeous, wavy brown hair, eyes of the bluest blue, smooth skin, strongly defined jaw with just a hint of shadow, a freckled nose and the most beautiful smile she had ever seen. There could be no doubt that he was lovely in both looks and personality. So sensitive and mild mannered. But there was more. He had confided in her already that he was a budding gay. He felt in love with Jason, a boy they both knew. He had no romantic interest in girls. She should be content to love him only as a friend. But was it enough? If the mask really granted power, what could happen? If it took away her inhibitions, she could show him how much she desired him. That night she told him that she had a secret she wanted to confide in him and drove him to a dark tunnel on the edge of town and parked the car there, so they would not be seen or overheard. Jimmy looked out of the car window. Something stirred in his memory. No one ever entered this tunnel. It was a local legend. It was supposed to be cursed or something. He couldn't quite remember anyone telling him the explicit details. \"I seem to remember this tunnel is ill-omened,\" he told Jessie. \"Terrible rumours there have been…\" \"But it is private,\" she replied gazing at him intently. His friend always amused him when she gazed at him like that. She was a sylph-like girl with short dark hair, but it was really her deep piercing eyes and haunting expression that was most memorable about her. \"Now we are here.\" She said. \"I think this is the moment of truth.\" Jessie reached into her bag and drew out a wooden mask. \"What is that?\" asked Jimmy. \"It looks a really peculiar artefact.\" \"I'm going to try it on, just this once\" said Jessie. She lifted it to her face. There was a flash. Jessie gave a cry as the mask welded to her. Jimmy yelled in shock. Wooden tendrils sprouted from the mask, enveloping her entire skull. The mask now clung tightly to her head. She yelled in agony as it squeezed her. Jimmy tried to reach out and pull on it, but there was another flash and he was thrown backwards, colliding with the car door. His blue eyes widened in horror. Jessie now sat by him, her entire head smooth, hairless, and a bright vivid green. She was also clad in a skin tight dress of bright red leather, rather than her simple blue frock. \"How do I look now?\" she asked, her voice now deeper and husky. Her eyes seemed to gleam. She touched her hairless green skull. \"Well I seem to be missing some hair,\" she declared. As she spoke, lustrous, long red hair sprouted from her green skull, cascading down her back. She brushed it out of her face and grinned at him. \"What has happened to you?\" Jimmy choked. She did not reply. Instead she pounced on him pinning him to the seat, locking her green lips onto his. Her green face and fiery hair obscured his vision. She squeezed his arms tightly with incredible strength. It pained him, but he couldn't move. Her firm breasts were mashed against him and she was breathing right into his nostrils. The mask gave off a sour smell. Her tongue was shoved into his mouth and it was beginning to choke him. He couldn't breathe… But then she released his mouth from her kiss and drew her face a little apart from his. He could hear her breathing hard. The light from the lamp in the car roof shone off her green nose and cheeks. Her ruddy hair was slightly dishevelled. \"How do you like that?\" she purred, gazing at him with an avid intensity that quite unnerved him. \"Don't you want to really get intimate now?\" \"No!\" said he, his voice trembling. \"I don't have sex with women, you know that.\" This angered her. She gave a little growl in the back of her throat and squeezed him harder so that he winced, then leaned forward pushing the seat back so that it was horizontal and she was on top of him as he lay there grinding her body into his. Her unyielding breasts were pressed hard into his chest. To his increasing horror, he felt his manhood betray him. \"Shut up!\" she ordered. \"We're going to do this, whether you agree or not, understand?\" She kissed him again, just as passionately, just as savagely. He tried to yell, but her tongue was in his mouth and she was squeezing him so tight he feared he might break. Her right hand relinquished its grip on his arm and grasped his pants instead. He struggled hard trying to shake her off. She gave him a painful dig in the ribs. \"Naughty boy,\" she cautioned. He suddenly noticed she was holding a roll of duct tape, although where it had come from was a mystery. He cried out for help, but she already had covered his mouth the tape and with astonishing speed was binding him painfully to the seat. He tried to breathe through his nose and fight the rising panic. She was now demolishing his pants with her lightning quick hands. Now she was grasping at his manhood and he gave a muffled gasp at the violation as unwanted sensations coursed through him. The whole thing had reached the proportions of a waking nightmare. Now she kissed him on the nose and licked his face, her hair spilling into his eyes. \"I'll take the gag off if you don't yell anymore,\" she breathed and tore it off, making him yell in pain, but she didn't seem to care. She tore off his shirt as well. Suddenly her dress slid from her. She had no underclothing on underneath and he could see the pale mounds of her firm breasts and between her legs, he could see her squirming vulva. The sickening sight of her organ made him cry again and beg her to stop. Tears were coming to his eyes. She put her hand over his mouth. \"Quiet my pet,\" she said. \"I don't want to have to gag you. That lovely mouth of yours is for my tongue to feel.\" She impaled herself upon him and his mind reeled with a fresh surge of horror. His disloyal body was causing excruciating waves of pleasure and pain to fire through him. She gave an ear-splitting moan and lunged in locking her lips against his. He screwed his eyes shut. He wished he could die there and then. She was breathing right into his nostrils, the sour smell of the Mask was overpowering. He could feel his sense of self taking a blow with every piston thrust of her slender loins. With her lips locked against his he couldn't cry out. She thrust harder and harder and the feverish sensations intensified and seemed to burn. He could feel himself losing control altogether and he juddered as she screamed like a banshee. His seed erupted forth into her and he lay limply, feeling sick and disgusted beyond measure, his manhood limp and sore. She patted him on the cheek, breathing heavily. She lifted up his chin. \"Look at me!\" she commanded. He had no will left to disobey. That green face filled his entire vision. His entire world. He was not sure if he had any self left anymore. \"Your eyes… such blueness.\" She whispered. \"Give it a chance. If other women don't appeal to you that's fine, but can't you see? You belong to me now. Rest a little and we'll go at it again.\" \"No!\" he groaned, but he didn't really even have the energy to protest anymore. His torment that night had just begun.[Chapter 2] Daylight Matters Author's Note: The next morning Jessie and her mother Bertha had had to make their own way for much of Jessie's life. Recently however, Bertha had a new boyfriend, a pleasant and thoughtful mature man named Guy. Guy considered himself a great philosophiser and certainly knew how to make the best of any predicament. Recently, he and Bertha had been in a car crash, resulting in Bertha sustaining a broken leg and Guy two broken arms. Guy blamed himself and so did Bertha. At this moment, Guy was trying to raise her spirits by explaining a football metaphor. \"It's not a matter of life and death, it's more important,\" he quoted. \"That's what the coach said. Everyone is a critic – all those critics will take the players to pieces if they fail just once and no one is a forgiver. The world needs more forgivers, don't you agree Bertha.\" \"Mm?\" said Bertha, turning over her newspaper. \"That football coach was not a forgiver,\" said Guy. \"I feel sorry for the poor players,\" said Bertha. \"Don't you think you should be a forgiver – not a critic like that coach?\" said Guy. Bertha sighed. \"Guy, could you please stop talking about the crash I don't want to reminisce about it. Now where is Jessie? She should have been in hours ago, it's nearly seven in the morning for goodness sake!\" \"Jessie will be in her room,\" said Guy. \"She's responsible, like her mother.\" \"I don't know, sometimes I feel like I can't connect with my daughter,\" said Bertha. \"I don't believe she has come in. You must back me up Guy. She and Jimmy are far too secretive. I don't like that they should be up to something and keeping it from us all the time. If she's not back in ten minutes, I'll call the police.\" \"It's good for a young lady to have a sweetheart,\" said Guy. \"You should be proud of your daughter Berthy. And Jimmy seems like a decent kid. She has done well to land him. There's no need to fly off the handle and call the police. How about I give you a back massage to ease your tension?\" \"With which set of hands?\" Asked Bertha? At that moment the sound of the door could be heard. \"Jessie? Is that you? Where on Earth have you been young lady?\" called Bertha. \"Yes it's me. I've – um – been in my room,\" said Jessie. \"I know full well you've just come in!\" said Bertha. \"Don't call her a liar Bertha,\" interjected Guy. \"Always guilty until proven innocent with you.\" Bertha frowned. Because Jessie was her daughter and not Guy's, Guy seemed to think all the discipline should be left to her whilst he be adored as something like a kindly uncle. \"Get in here Jessie!\" snapped Bertha. \"Honestly Bertha, the girl needs her sleep,\" said Guy reproachfully. Jessie entered the room. She looked a real wreck. Pale and dishevelled like she had hardly slept and her face had a haggard look. There were dark circles around her eyes. \"How could you keep me up all night worrying about you young lady?\" demanded Bertha. \"Listen,\" said Jessie, her voice distinctly strained. \"Last night was crazy and I did something terrible so – so I just need my sleep OK?\" Her bottom lip trembled and turned to the door. \"Get back here Jessie!\" ordered Bertha. \"Are you going to run after me?\" said Jessie irritably and left the room. \"She's being so insolent!\" said Bertha in frustration. \"Shall I get you some coffee Bertha, you're in one Hell of a mood,\" said Guy. Bertha picked up a heavy water jug and threw it at the wall. \"Get down here now!\" she yelled. \"Honestly, throwing projectiles?\" said Guy disapproving. \"It's not as though you're doing anything,\" said Bertha. Jessie entered the room again, now in her blue pyjamas with pink rabbits. \"What now?\" she asked. \"You've had a chance to rest, now out with it!\" said Bertha. Jessie began to speak, but then put a hand over her mouth and rushed out of the room. Bertha and Guy heard the sound of retching. \"I think she has a stomach bug,\" said Guy gravely. \"More likely she's drunk out of her skull still, the morning after,\" said Bertha. \"Unless she's pregnant and she'd better not be. I don't want her making my mistakes.\" Bertha gave a sigh and then called in a softer voice. \"Jessie, you can come here now. I'm sorry I yelled, but I was frustrated that you lied. If something is wrong then you have to let us help.\" \"I'll get her a cold drink,\" said Guy. \"Hold on, which set of hands do I use?\" Jessie entered, looking a real mess. \"Oh darling you look awful,\" said Bertha. \"I'm an awful person,\" said Jessie in a trembling voice. \"Not true, you're just having a tough time,\" said Guy. \"But you've got to be a bounce backer, that's what you need.\" \"Why are you an awful person? You're not an awful person,\" said Bertha. \"I messed up… very badly,\" said Jessie. \"Couldn't have been that bad,\" said Guy. \"Quiet Guy don't minimalise it,\" said Bertha. \"What did you do Jessie?\" \"I think I-\" Jessie faltered. \"You think you…?\" Pressed Bertha? \"I think I raped Jimmy,\" said Jessie in a rush. Author's Note: How should they react?[Chapter 3] Revealations There was a silence. \"Well that's impossible Jessie,\" said Guy. \"Exactly what does that mean Jessie?\" Said Bertha blankly. \"What does that mean, what does that mean?\" Retorted Jessie. \"Because people who use slang are so confusing to listen to,\" said Bertha. \"That's right, we must be plain speakers-\" began Guy. \"I'm not using slang,\" said Jessie. \"Joking aside Jessie, are you saying you held Jimmy down and forced him to have sex with you?\" demanded Bertha, her voice still carefully controlled. \"That's exactly what I'm saying,\" said Jessie her voice trembling again. Bertha could see her daughter was in earnest. \"Go to your room, we have to talk about this,\" said Bertha. Jessie nodded. \"I don't know what to do mum,\" she said. \"Get some rest darling, it'll be alright,\" said Bertha softly. Jessie left. Bertha turned to Guy. \"What are we going to do?\" she asked him. \"Do? You mean you swallow that story?\" said Guy. \"How would she hold down Jimmy? She's smaller than he is.\" \"How would she make up something like this?\" retorted Bertha. \"She wouldn't make up a story like that.\" \"You can't rape the willing,\" said Guy. \"Of course they were both willing.\" \"What if Jimmy wasn't willing?\" asked Bertha. \"A girl cannot do that – the R word – legally,\" said Guy comfortably. Bertha sighed. \"I think I am going to have to get to the bottom of this myself,\" she said and made her painstaking way up the stairs and into her daughter's room. Jessie had her eyes tight shut. \"I need my sleep mum,\" she said. \"You get some sleep,\" said Bertha soothingly. \"But can I ask something? Don't take it the wrong way.\" \"Go ahead,\" said Jessie. \"What did he say that made you think he wasn't into you.\" \"No,\" replied Jessie. \"Just tell me, don't be embarrassed,\" said Bertha. \"I mean he said 'No'\" said Jessie. \"Listen Jessie,\" said Bertha heavily. \"I honestly don't see how what you say is possible unless someone changed all definitions…\" \"Yes, that's exactly it!\" said Jessie. \"But you'd never believe it.\" Her voice began to tremble again and her dark eyes shone with tears. \"I messed up – something I care about.\" \"Jimmy? So he is your boyfriend…?\" said Bertha. \"No and I'm sure he never will be, even if he forgave me,\" said Jessie beginning to cry. Bertha sat down awkwardly and put her good arm around her daughter's shoulders. When Jessie had calmed again, Bertha voiced the question on her mind: \"But I still can't get my head around… How did you force Jimmy? He must be stronger than you.\" \"Normally,\" said Jessie. \"But it requires just a bit of imagination.\" She drew out a wooden mask from beneath the pillow. It looked quite plain and unadorned. \"When I put this on I could be anything, do anything… and my life is wrecked and my sweet Jimmy wrecked too…\" Bertha blinked at the wooden mask. \"I don't follow Jessie,\" she said. \"What difference does that piece of wood make?\" \"It meant I was able to hold him down and tie him up,\" said Jessie, bluntly. \"It didn't matter that he fought hard and was emotionally hurt. I could make him erect and put him inside me anyhow. I'd never wear this thing again.\" Bertha picked up the mask. Jessie gasped and yelled as her mother put it to her face. Nothing happened. \"I don't think it fits me,\" said Bertha. She took the wooden mask off again. \"I- maybe – it worked last night,\" said Jessie. \"Perhaps it doesn't work during the day.\" \"Sweetie,\" said Bertha with a sigh. \"Perhaps you are suffering from a mild delusion. Just know that I care about you and want to support you all the way.\"[Chapter 4] There's a Light In the Darkness \"How's Jessie doing?\" Asked Guy late that afternoon. \"She didn't seem much better when she woke up,\" said Bertha sadly. \"She was crying for hours, but she's calmed down now. Her story didn't make any sense.\" Bertha shook her head, her frustration clear on her face. Guy thought that Bertha looked beautiful even under duress. She never lost her dignity. Even with a broken leg she was undiminished. The rays of the setting sun glinted off her long red hair. Jessie had said that she wished she had red hair like her mother's instead of her own black hair. Undoubtedly she wished she were more like Bertha. If only she could be more like her mother she wouldn't be so troubled or come up with such wild stories to upset Bertha with. \"She has a problem and that is mangling the language,\" said Guy. \"You should tell her that the R-word is not one to mistake. I have said we need more plain speakers in this world.\" \"You have Guy,\" said Bertha. \"Maybe Jessie isn't speaking plainly enough or maybe she is and I can't understand it. I intend to get to the bottom of this. I appreciate you said that a girl cannot do it legally. But the law always has gaps in it.\" Bertha hobbled slowly up the stairs. Jessie had fallen asleep again. Bertha picked up the wooden mask that Jessie had been ranting about. She turned it over in her hands. There was certainly nothing special about it. She hobbled into the bathroom and examined it again. Suddenly the inside surface of the Mask seemed to glow with a lurid light, or did she imagine it? Outside the sun had set. Bertha shook her head. However Jessie had come by this piece of wood, it had clearly grasped her imagination very strongly. She had been gibbering about it causing her to rape her friend and she wasn't making it up, she actually seemed to believe her own words. Her daughter needed counselling, perhaps more than she herself could give. Could Jessie have done something she regretted whilst wearing this mask? It didn't look like it would fit Jessie's face any better than her own. Bertha lifted the Mask to her face again. Then she had the shock of her life. The Mask seized at her, suddenly welding itself to her skin. She cried out as tendrils of wood sprouted from the Mask and enveloped her skull. She shouted in pain as the wood seemed to squeeze her head in a vice like grip. There was a flash. Bertha gazed into the mirror. Before her was a startling apparition in green. A startlingly green face with shiningly smooth skin and a perfectly bald green head. She touched her green cheek. Her reflection did the same. If only she had her fiery hair back, she thought. In response to her wishes, her ruddy hair sprouted from her green skull, falling in lustrous waves down her shoulders. She could feel power coursing through her. Why should she be an invalid? In response to her wishes the bones of her leg knit together once more. She broke off her cumbersome cast and threw it aside. She tossed back her fiery tressed and smiled back at the mirror. The face in the mirror smiled back with its forest green lips. She stroked her cheek and then her nose. The surface of the Mask was cool and smooth as silk. Bright green, but she felt she could get used to it. She remembered the dilemma her daughter had brought up that day. Well she could resolve it. Now she felt strong enough for anything. A short while later Jessie awoke. It was dark outside, but the lights were on. She gasped in shock as she saw a woman with long red hair and a vivid, green face staring down at her. \"Mum?\" She said in astonishment. \"You – you wore the Mask? But no, you're not meant to…\" Jessie's eyes flickered to her bedside chair again. Her stomach turned over as she saw Jimmy sitting there, wide eyed and trembling. She really couldn't face him now, not after the previous night. Bertha put a hand on Jimmy's shoulder. \"Stay calm dear, we must get questions answered.\" Her voice seemed lower and richer than it had been. Like velvet. She handed him a glass with white liquid in it. \"Mother's milk. It will calm the nerves.\" She placed the glass in Jimmy's hand. \"Drink Jimmy,\" she said fondly, stroking his hair. Jimmy did nothing. \"Don't be ridiculous,\" said Bertha. Jimmy began to sip from the glass. \"There it's doing you good. Such a good boy. So beautiful.\" Bertha turned to Jessie. \"Now why would you hurt him?\" Jessie's mouth was dry. \"You – I – You have the Mask on. I did. I think you can guess now. It made my darkest dreams come true. I knew I couldn't have Jimmy, but I really wanted some part of him. What are you thinking? You – should… let him go…\" Jessie's voice trailed off. She trembled to think what might happen. \"Look at me Jimmy,\" Bertha told him. Jimmy hesitatingly looked up. The milk, whatever it was, certainly seemed to have calmed him. Bertha gazed into his eyes. Jessie had noted before how similar their eyes were. Both the colour of a fresh Spring sky. \"Did you ever love my daughter?\" \"I did love her as a friend, but I don't any more,\" said Jimmy, unable to break her gaze. \"But you didn't desire her?\" said Bertha. \"I have never desired girls,\" said Jimmy, as though in a trance. \"I understand,\" said Bertha. \"Your wishes should have been respected. I have always wanted another child, but the constraints of every-day life and my finances have thwarted me. Of course Jessie wanted a little Jimmy of her own, but this Mask cannot be safely worn by everyone. It can grant anything, but at what price?\" She clasped Jimmy's face in her hands. He looked back into her eyes. Jessie trembled. This was getting too much. Bertha spoke slowly and her voice seemed to deepen. \"I take away your hurt. Everything will now get better for you…\" At that moment, there was a crash at the door and Guy came in.","LastChapter":"There's a Light In the Darkness \"How's Jessie doing?\" Asked Guy late that afternoon. \"She didn't seem much better when she woke up,\" said Bertha sadly. \"She was crying for hours, but she's calmed down now. Her story didn't make any sense.\" Bertha shook her head, her frustration clear on her face. Guy thought that Bertha looked beautiful even under duress. She never lost her dignity. Even with a broken leg she was undiminished. The rays of the setting sun glinted off her long red hair. Jessie had said that she wished she had red hair like her mother's instead of her own black hair. Undoubtedly she wished she were more like Bertha. If only she could be more like her mother she wouldn't be so troubled or come up with such wild stories to upset Bertha with. \"She has a problem and that is mangling the language,\" said Guy. \"You should tell her that the R-word is not one to mistake. I have said we need more plain speakers in this world.\" \"You have Guy,\" said Bertha. \"Maybe Jessie isn't speaking plainly enough or maybe she is and I can't understand it. I intend to get to the bottom of this. I appreciate you said that a girl cannot do it legally. But the law always has gaps in it.\" Bertha hobbled slowly up the stairs. Jessie had fallen asleep again. Bertha picked up the wooden mask that Jessie had been ranting about. She turned it over in her hands. There was certainly nothing special about it. She hobbled into the bathroom and examined it again. Suddenly the inside surface of the Mask seemed to glow with a lurid light, or did she imagine it? Outside the sun had set. Bertha shook her head. However Jessie had come by this piece of wood, it had clearly grasped her imagination very strongly. She had been gibbering about it causing her to rape her friend and she wasn't making it up, she actually seemed to believe her own words. Her daughter needed counselling, perhaps more than she herself could give. Could Jessie have done something she regretted whilst wearing this mask? It didn't look like it would fit Jessie's face any better than her own. Bertha lifted the Mask to her face again. Then she had the shock of her life. The Mask seized at her, suddenly welding itself to her skin. She cried out as tendrils of wood sprouted from the Mask and enveloped her skull. She shouted in pain as the wood seemed to squeeze her head in a vice like grip. There was a flash. Bertha gazed into the mirror. Before her was a startling apparition in green. A startlingly green face with shiningly smooth skin and a perfectly bald green head. She touched her green cheek. Her reflection did the same. If only she had her fiery hair back, she thought. In response to her wishes, her ruddy hair sprouted from her green skull, falling in lustrous waves down her shoulders. She could feel power coursing through her. Why should she be an invalid? In response to her wishes the bones of her leg knit together once more. She broke off her cumbersome cast and threw it aside. She tossed back her fiery tressed and smiled back at the mirror. The face in the mirror smiled back with its forest green lips. She stroked her cheek and then her nose. The surface of the Mask was cool and smooth as silk. Bright green, but she felt she could get used to it. She remembered the dilemma her daughter had brought up that day. Well she could resolve it. Now she felt strong enough for anything. A short while later Jessie awoke. It was dark outside, but the lights were on. She gasped in shock as she saw a woman with long red hair and a vivid, green face staring down at her. \"Mum?\" She said in astonishment. \"You – you wore the Mask? But no, you're not meant to…\" Jessie's eyes flickered to her bedside chair again. Her stomach turned over as she saw Jimmy sitting there, wide eyed and trembling. She really couldn't face him now, not after the previous night. Bertha put a hand on Jimmy's shoulder. \"Stay calm dear, we must get questions answered.\" Her voice seemed lower and richer than it had been. Like velvet. She handed him a glass with white liquid in it. \"Mother's milk. It will calm the nerves.\" She placed the glass in Jimmy's hand. \"Drink Jimmy,\" she said fondly, stroking his hair. Jimmy did nothing. \"Don't be ridiculous,\" said Bertha. Jimmy began to sip from the glass. \"There it's doing you good. Such a good boy. So beautiful.\" Bertha turned to Jessie. \"Now why would you hurt him?\" Jessie's mouth was dry. \"You – I – You have the Mask on. I did. I think you can guess now. It made my darkest dreams come true. I knew I couldn't have Jimmy, but I really wanted some part of him. What are you thinking? You – should… let him go…\" Jessie's voice trailed off. She trembled to think what might happen. \"Look at me Jimmy,\" Bertha told him. Jimmy hesitatingly looked up. The milk, whatever it was, certainly seemed to have calmed him. Bertha gazed into his eyes. Jessie had noted before how similar their eyes were. Both the colour of a fresh Spring sky. \"Did you ever love my daughter?\" \"I did love her as a friend, but I don't any more,\" said Jimmy, unable to break her gaze. \"But you didn't desire her?\" said Bertha. \"I have never desired girls,\" said Jimmy, as though in a trance. \"I understand,\" said Bertha. \"Your wishes should have been respected. I have always wanted another child, but the constraints of every-day life and my finances have thwarted me. Of course Jessie wanted a little Jimmy of her own, but this Mask cannot be safely worn by everyone. It can grant anything, but at what price?\" She clasped Jimmy's face in her hands. He looked back into her eyes. Jessie trembled. This was getting too much. Bertha spoke slowly and her voice seemed to deepen. \"I take away your hurt. Everything will now get better for you…\" At that moment, there was a crash at the door and Guy came in.","Summary":" Darkest Desires Jessie had found the wooden mask in the rushes of the river. It seemed very crude a","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  M - English - Horror Supernatural - Chapters: 4   - Words: 4,033 - Reviews: 8 - Favs: 3 - Follows: 3 - Updated: 4 14 2013 - Published: 3 4 2013 - id: 9070142 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Night Terrors","Author":"Citywriter84","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10232954","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mirror Images Carly and Kendra were best friends. They were having a sleep over together at Kendra's place, discussing their schoolmates in ways they probably wouldn't have done when face to face with them. It was past midnight and the silvery moonlight bathed the world outside in its ethereal glow. \"Ashley got herself knocked up so she wouldn't have to get a job after school,\" said Kendra, tossing back her raven curls. \"But it was with some real piece of crap man, horny for teenage girls.\" Carly felt a twinge of unease on account of their school mate. \"Don't joke about it… I really hope she knew what she was about,\" she replied. \"I mean to say, if she was getting a baby that way, that could have put her in danger.\" \"Ah she lived through it didn't she? Her belly's swelling – that's what she wanted,\" said Kendra airily. \"I doubt she was fussed about what sort of man put his sperm in her to make it. I would be, I can tell you that. Only a really cute baby would do me.\" \"Funny you mention cute babies,\" said Carly, taking a heart shaped locket from around her neck, opening it and showing Kendra the pair of photos inside. Kendra peered at them and raised an eyebrow. \"Jack Doherty?\" she said, staring quizzically at her friend. \"You carry his photos around now? Does he know? And there's a baby picture in here too? Whose?\" \"He showed me a baby picture of his once and I sort of… took it,\" said Carly, feeling herself blush. \"He was the cutest baby and I would have expected as much. He is so lovely looking.\" \"Well he is hot, I know,\" said Kendra. She began to count on her fingers – \"a fantastic figure and face…\" Carly interjected, her voice dreamy; \"such coppery red hair I could run my fingers through, his wonderful green eyes, his gorgeous, freckled face and his seed would make the cutest babies…\" \"Aha! I know what you're getting at!\" Kendra gave a dramatic pause and then pointed at Carly; \"you're saying that he is totally out of your league!\" Then Kendra burst out laughing. \"Thank you so much,\" said Carly, giving her a scowl. \"Aw, don't take it the wrong way,\" said Kendra, clapping her on the shoulder. \"Listen, I have something very interesting I've been meaning to show you…\" she picked up what appeared to be a very old chest from under her bed. It was made of roughly hewn oak. The hinges had rusted through. Kendra flipped open the lid and inside, Carly saw two identical wooden masks. They were also roughly carved out of weathered wood. They appeared to be expressionless masks as far as Carly could see, like neither a comic or a tragic mask. Merely inscrutable. \"Interesting,\" said Carly. \"I wonder if they are antiques?\" \"I would try selling them if I knew of a dealer I could trust…\" said Kendra picking up one of the masks. \"I found this chest by the river. I think it had just washed up.\" A thought struck Carly. \"You know that psychologically, even a neutral or a happy mask can be disturbing, because it covers up the face – our most expressive part?\" she said. \"So we are suspicious of anyone in a mask. A mask could be something magical. Covering up one face, it makes another face. A scary face.\" \"These are pieces of wood Carly!\" said Kendra rolling her eyes. \"Nothing magical. You think these could be scary? Want to see how scary we both look in them?\" Carly nodded and picked up the other mask. \"Now!\" said Kendra and they jammed the masks on their faces both at once. There was a blinding flash and Carly felt a terrific jolt throughout her entire being. The mask was burning, welding itself to her face. She screamed and clapped her hands to her head. To her stunned horror, she felt wooden tendrils sprouting from the mask, enclosing her entire skull. Too late she tried to grab at it with her fingers, but it had encased her head completely in a wooden sheath and then it began to squeeze her so tightly she thought her brain would burst. Suddenly she began to spin round, faster and faster, feeling another terrific jolt and then a surge of power. She came to a halt, feeling not only quite well again, but strong. Confident. Powerful. Kendra stood beside her, now completely unrecognisable. Her entire head was round, smooth, completely bald and bright, vivid, green. Her lips were a darker green, almost black. She was grinning a wicked grin, her black eyes flashing. She was now dressed in a tight fitting one piece cat suit of black leather. \"Ha! You look goofy!\" she rumbled, her voice now deep and as unrecognisable as her appearance. \"You don't look a whole lot better,\" Carly retorted, realising that her voice too was altered – it now seemed low and husky. She glanced at the mirror. She smiled at the apparition in green that stared back at her. The dark green lips of her reflection smiled back at her. Her whole head was as hairless and bright green as Kendra's, the light from the lamp shone off her bald crown. She touched her cheek lightly. The mask was smooth as silk and cool to her touch. \"Really green…\" she murmured. \"But I think I can get used to this. I feel great.\" Every sensation seemed to thrill her. The night outside was there for her to explore, with endless possibilities. Her clothes had changed to. She was now wearing a white gown as light as gossamer. \"Look at my boobage,\" purred Kendra, showing off a perfect hourglass figure and waggling her bottom. \"You've grown your boobs and butt?\" said Carly. She looked down at her own chest. \"No biggie. I can do it too.\" In response to her wishes, she felt her own breasts expand. \"The night is still young and so are we,\" rumbled Kendra. \"Let's not stand about preening, we've got to have fun. You know who can entertain us both?\" \"What do you mean?\" asked Carly. \"You wanted to ramble about that sexy Jack Doherty? Well now we can both do him. He can give us both babies. That's what you want isn't it?\" said Kendra, grinning widely and lasciviously. A thrill went through Carly. Why not? Why shouldn't her dream now become a reality? She could hold sweet Jack in her arms and surely he would be glad of the prospect of a threesome? \"Let's not wait, let's get over there now,\" said Kendra. This night was going to be a night to remember.[Chapter 2] The Witching Hour It was the witching hour. Three O'Clock in the morning is the start of the witching hour in western tradition. At this hour, the old superstition says that a witch will invade the bed of a sleeping man and ravish him - stealing his dreams, his children and his future and giving him night terrors. Jack's sleep was fitful. He felt as if there were soft hands pawing at him and whispers in his dreams: \"it's the witching hour!\" \"He's a sleeping beauty!\" \"We'll all be done by dawn…\" He awoke to find someone rubbing his face in a damp, sharp smelling cloth. \"There, don't you look pretty?\" rumbled a low, female voice. He awoke with a start and felt a thrill of horror. Like an apparition from a nightmare, a bright green face stared down at him, grinning a wicked grin, her black eyes flashing. Her head was round, smooth and completely bald, like some weird alien monster. She loomed over him, filling his vision and he felt his head reel with the unreality of it all. She was shouldered aside and another bright green face looked into his. This one had blue eyes and what seemed a kinder expression. \"Oh your cute freckles are showing through, so adorable!\" said the blue eyed, green faced apparition. She held a small mirror up to him and he noticed that his face had been painted white. He shook his head to clear it. He was in a dimly lit room with a plush carpet. He was in a bed, tightly wrapped up in bedclothes, so tightly that he couldn't move. Two young women were standing by his bedside, one with blue eyes was dressed in a filmy white gown and the other, with glaring black eyes was clad in tight fitting black leather… but what was really remarkable was the fact that they both wore those tight, bright green skull masks that gave them both such a bizarre and unnerving appearance. \"What… what is this,\" he asked feebly, his throat dry. \"Here, take a drink of water,\" said the girl in the white gown, holding a beaker to his lips. He sipped at it, trying to ignore the other one, the one in black leather, who was staring at him fixedly all the while. \"It's your lucky night, stud,\" rumbled the girl in leather, her awful, staring eyes never leaving him. \"You get to have a threesome with the hottest duo around.\" \"Yes babe, do both of us,\" said the girl in white, her dark green lips twitching into a smile. \"No. I – I can't,\" he stammered. \"I really don't want to. Where am I?\" The girl in leather gave what sounded like a little growl. She had started forward when the girl in white stood in her way. \"You heard - he doesn't want it,\" she murmured. \"Oh he's being coy, all guys want threesomes really. Don't you little baby, all trussed up like this?\" the girl in leather called at him. \"And you,\" she addressed the other girl, \"give in to your urges. Aren't you really burning with lust?\" The girl in white gave a moan of longing. What happened next was too fast to register, but the girl in leather moved so quickly she was like a blur. She was on him, had torn away the blankets and her leather garment and had lunged on top of him, grasping both of his wrists in a vice like grip and pinning his hands to the pillow as she locked her lips savagely onto his. He couldn't cry out and even if he had been able to, it wouldn't have done any good. He was home alone. The green face of his attacker filled his entire vision. Her mask felt so cold and smooth, pushed into his painted face and it gave off a sour smell that invaded his nostrils. Her tongue was shoved into his mouth. Her firm breasts were mashed into his chest. He struggled hard, but her strength was incredible. She pressed down on him, her grip like iron. He felt his disloyal body betray him as his manhood throbbed and rose. The other girl yelled something. Then his assailant sat up, smears of white face paint now adorning her green mask. She straddled him and thrust down, impaling herself on his erection. He gasped in shock at the violation. She thrust and thrust, screaming like a banshee. He could feel his sense of self taking a blow with every piston thrust of her slender loins. The other girl was there, stroking his hair and whispering to him soothingly. She kissed his nose and murmured to him not to worry, that he was really the best stud… He realised that he was crying now, but couldn't help it. She kissed him long on his lips, as his assailant continued to thrust down, making feverish sensations course through him. And then he lost control, juddered and gasped, as his seed erupted forth into her and he was left feeling sick and disgusted beyond measure as the girl in white pulled her off him. \"There! He was into it, he came for me,\" rumbled his assailant, her wicked black eyes flashing. She grasped his wrists and tied them together, then did the same to his ankles. The blue eyed girl cast off her white gown, showing a perfect, naked female form beneath, the pale mounds of her firm breasts seemed to gleam in the light. She clambered onto him. \"You OK?\" she asked, wiping a tear away from his cheek. \"He's crying for joy, you saw how into it he was - he wouldn't have cum otherwise. Now don't talk, give in to your lust! \" roared the black eyed girl. The blue eyes of the other girl took on a glazed look and she breathed hard. \"No, please don't,\" whispered Jack as he felt her hands on his member and a fresh sense of violation, but she didn't seem to listen. She closed her eyes. The lamplight gleamed off her bald, green head. Then she put him inside herself and thrust down, not as savagely as the first attacker, but he felt himself cry again. She gave a little moan of ecstasy as she leaned over, her green face filling his vision. She kissed him lightly on the lips and continued to thrust, his manhood sending unwanted sensations coursing through him. Eventually he came again, and she laughed breathily, and began kissing his face and neck. The first girl pushed her aside and licked his face, panting hungrily and then put her bald head near his groin and licked up the semen and juices, sending thrilling sensations through him again. \"You see? You're ours, we can do what we like with you!\" she rumbled. They both took turns mounting him and he felt a despairing sense of numbness and no longer tried to resist. Eventually the blue eyed girl announced that dawn was coming and that they had to leave. He was exhausted and hardly cared as the girl in white untied him and the she-devil in leather threw open the window. Then they both climbed out of the open window with astonishing agility and were finally gone.[Chapter 3] The cold light of day Carly felt terrible. She had awoken in her own bed, fatigued and drained of energy and an instant later, she recalled the events of the night before and was filled with horror. She saw the mask on the floor - apparently just a wooden mask as it had been when she first saw it. She hastily got up and hurried to the bathroom to check herself all over. Her reflection was definitely back to normal – her soft, blond hair was visible again and her pale face was just as it always had been, albeit with dark circles around the eyes. No longer was she a shocking apparition in green. But the traces of sex were still there, on her body and the agonising thought that filled her mind and would not go away was how she and Kendra had violated poor Jack. \"Oh my God… I raped him. We both did. The poor sweet thing, how could I?\" She demanded of herself and then, thoroughly sickened, had to run to the toilet to vomit. After that, she plopped face down onto her bed, her face buried in the pillow, sobbing hard. Vivid images from the night before reared up from her memory. Kendra, her appearance freakishly altered, on top of Jack and wrestling him down… The vision of Jack beneath her own legs, bound hands and feet, his white face paint badly smudged, his tears soaking the pillow… and yet it was as though she hadn't cared. She had felt a burning lust and a desperate, irrational desire to satiate it, no matter what… \"What sort of monster am I?\" she demanded fiercely, although there was no one to hear. Unable to endure her own company any longer, she decided to ring Kendra, the only person in the world who had been equally guilty in all this. There was no answer. Unable to bear doing nothing, Carly decided to make her way to Kendra's house herself. She staggered slightly as she walked, but met with no mishap before arriving. Kendra greeted her, bleary eyed, her dark, curly hair dishevelled. \"Wha… Carly aren't you tired?\" she said crossly. \"Looks like those masks only work at night. Still, I feel completely wasted. What can you possibly want?\" \"Of course I'm tired and thoroughly sickened, but that doesn't matter\" hissed Carly. \"We have to talk.\" She was in no mood to be resisted and Kendra had to usher her inside. \"We both did something terrible,\" said Carly without preamble, as soon as they were indoors. \"You know it well. We r-raped Jack last night.\" \"Raped?\" said Kendra, looking thoroughly taken aback. \"No… he must have wanted it.\" \"Don't talk such rubbish to me,\" said Carly hysterically. \"He was terrified! We forced him. I did it too!\" \"Nuh – uh, men can't be raped,\" said Kendra shaking her curly head from side to side. \"Oh for crying out loud!\" stormed Carly. \"Don't you even know what happens in prisons? When men are sent to those rape camps, what do other inmates do to them?\" \"Oh they can be raped by other men, everyone knows that. But women can't be predators,\" said Kendra. \"Where are you getting such rubbish?\" demanded Carly. \"Is it denial?\" Kendra's tone began to get heated. \"If you say that that was rape, last night, you are making light of what women go through when they are raped. And don't say you didn't want to do it at the time.\" Irresistibly, Carly felt her mind drawn back to the night before, when sating her lust had seemed so all-important that she could disregard Jack's tears… She felt sick again and tears filled her own eyes and trickled down her cheeks. Kendra pressed her advantage; \"and if you fall pregnant, well that's what you want, isn't it? We both sort of got caught up in the moment, but if we get children from this, we can claim benefits and I don't mind Jack's genes in my baby. According to the law, he has no grounds for complaint, even if he knew it was us. But we are entitled to government hand-outs if we're pregnant. It's not as though you're making him marry you, are you?\" Carly stomach heaved as she better realised the full extent of what had happened and the sanctity of the innocence she had lost forever. Marry him? Before all this happened, what would she have thought of the idea of her crush marrying a rapist? She would have thought it a ridiculous and disgusting idea. \"I don't deserve to face him,\" she muttered. \"You're right that the law doesn't recognise rape if a woman does it, but that shows the law makers are plain stupid. How can we make up for this?\" \"Oh lighten up!\" said Kendra irritably. \"One weird night out and you're completely bowled over. It'll be fine.\" \"We can't use those masks again, ever,\" said Carly firmly. \"Well there's no reason to right now and it was tiring,\" said Kendra with a yawn. \"We're not in trouble, if that's what's worrying you. We have power now.\" Disquieted by the attitude of her friend, Carly resolved that she must somehow come clean or her conscience would kill her. The only was to do this that she could think of, was to make a full confession to Jack and try to express how bitterly she regretted everything. At school the next day she felt less groggy and more determined. She wondered whether Jack would attend school that day given everything that had happened to him, but to her relief, there he was, looking as though he had hardly slept, so pale his freckles really showed. She hurried up to him in the hallway. \"Jack, we need to talk, somewhere private,\" she told him. He stared at her blankly, his green eyes had a haunted expression and there were dark circles around his eyes. His auburn hair was slightly dishevelled. He hadn't taken good care of it today. \"It's urgent!\" Carly insisted. \"I think the library is the place.\" She took him by the hand and he mechanically followed her lead. They sat down in a quiet corner in the library, behind a shelf of old tomes that no one read. \"How are you?\" asked Carly, peering intently at his exquisitely sculpted face. \"Um... fine,\" he muttered. \"No you're not,\" said Carly. \"I know what happed the night before last,\" Jack jumped. \"I was there, I mean, it was me, in the white gown and that freaky mask,\" Carly stuttered. Jack was staring at her transfixed. Carly worried that he was having a seizure and waved her hand in front of his eyes. \"You- \" he said hoarsely, the deadened look in his eyes more pronounced. \"I am sorry, really sorry,\" said Carly wretchedly, beginning to cry. \"I can never tell you how much. I know that that doesn't make it OK, nothing will. And you'll never forgive me, I don't deserve it, but I am afraid…\" She took a deep breath. It was hard enough confessing what she had done herself, but telling on Kendra felt even more awkward. She didn't tell tales… but there were more important considerations. \"Kendra was there too - I – I mean, in black leather and also in a green mask and I'm afraid she might put it on again. It's horrible, but she didn't even seem sorry.\" She touched Jack's hand again and he flinched as well he might… \"I don't want to talk about it, you can't tell anyone,\" he said. \"I don't think anyone would believe it,\" said Carly. \"No one wants to think about the whole thing about a girl rapist,\" she paused, noting that Jack looked nauseous. \"Whatever happens, Kendra can't be allowed to use the mask again,\" she urged. Was Jack listening? Was he registering this? What could be done to prevent the masked menace from rising again another night?[Chapter 4] Confessions from the heart Jack stared blankly back at Carly, his mind still reeling from her astonishing confession. Her pale cheeks were stained with her tears and the anguish in her face and eyes was plain to see. Could she really have attacked him on that terrible night? He certainly had not recognised her, but really, it could have been any girl's head enveloped in that grotesque mask and how else would she know about it all, unless it really had been her? Carly a rapist? Previously he had always thought of rapists as being unsavoury older men and had assumed that to avoid being raped, he just had to avoid being sent to prison. Carly defied all his preconceived notions. This was a girl he had actually liked, although he hadn't quite known how to tell her… and that churned him up inside ever more. What was he supposed to feel now? Last night his dreams and been haunted by masked and disfigured faces and the nightmarish sensations of losing control of his body. The idea of Carly giving him night terrors was certainly more jarring than the idea of Kendra doing it. Carly was gazing at him now, her blue eyes bloodshot through her tears, but he found he couldn't bring himself to look at her and instead addressed the table surface: \"I certainly can't face Kendra ever again!\" he said decisively. \"There is nothing I can do. I thought that I knew her…\" \"I understand,\" said Carly in a small voice. There was an awkward silence. Jack wished this conversation would end and he could be alone, but Carly broke the silence again. \"You need to be able to talk about it,\" she said. \"You might be able to find a counsellor who will want to help you.\" \"I can't talk about it,\" said Jack quickly. \"No, come on, you need help,\" said Carly, her voice quivering slightly again. Jack wanted to ask why she and Kendra had done this to him. And how did they show inhuman strength and agility? So many questions that made the situation even more mindboggling and unbelievable. The question caught in his throat and he said hoarsely. \"How…? Why?\" \"I really can't explain it,\" said Carly in a voice of forced calm. \"But the masks are magic. They looked like ordinary wooden masks, but really, they were alive.\" Jack didn't answer that. The masks certainly had not looked wooden. They had looked uncomfortably tight, but their material had been vivid green… \"When we wore the masks, it was as though our darkest desires were brought to life,\" Carly continued. \"I think… I know that I have fantasised about sex with you and a threesome with you as well. With that mask on I could do anything. I saw no reason not to act out the fantasy. Kendra was goading me as well…\" she took a deep breath. \"These are not excuses, just reasons. When the mask came off the next morning, I realised how horrifying my behaviour was. The masks must only work at night.\" Really, Jack thought, he should have expected an incredible explanation. Just remembering Kendra's dreadful, gripping strength that night as she overpowered him, made him think that there had been something unnatural going on. There was another awkward pause. \"I can help,\" said Carly, pushing her blond hair away from her tearstained face. \"I can help you start counselling. The counsellors should both take it seriously if I confess to them first. Then they start their counselling. They should know what to do from that point on. You don't have to be the one to break the ice.\" Jack's first thought was to protest and tell her that she need not risk getting into trouble on his account. Then he inwardly grimaced and wondered why he should care about that when she had done this to him? After all, whoever believed their story would not be able to report it to the police or the headmaster or anything like that. Girls could not legally assault anyone. He followed Carly down the corridor to the office of Ida Billings, one of the school counsellors. Ida was an attractive and vivacious woman of around thirty, always dressed stylishly. By great good fortune, she was at her desk as they entered and she greeted them cheerily. \"We have something serious to tell you,\" said Carly, her voice very sombre. Ida frowned. \"That's alright,\" she replied, \"are you saying you both need counselling?\" \"No,\" said Carly quickly. Jack wondered how she was going to wangle this. She hesitated. \"Something happened to Jack, something really bad,\" said Carly with a half-glance at him. She swallowed. \"What happened, dear?\" asked Ida of Jack. \"Jack was attacked – raped the night before last, by t- two girls,\" stuttered Carly. Ida's brow turned dark as a thundercloud. \"How dare you kids muck about, wasting my time?\" she stormed. \"Counselling is a serious business, get out, both of you!\" Jack's insides seemed to shrivel up. So his case was not serious and just a waste of time? Carly quickly took him by the hand and led him down the corridor again and he followed mechanically. \"She's useless, but Stephanie should be better,\" said Carly a slight quiver in her voice. It just so happened that Stephanie Wainwright, the other counsellor happened to be in her office too. She was a large middle aged woman. Today, she was dressed in a flowery dress that just about fit her very ample figure. \"Hello there, my pets,\" said Stephanie. \"I was just about to go to lunch, but if it's urgent…\" Jack wondered if he ought to run now and save himself the ridicule of not being taken seriously a second time. \"Please don't be angry,\" said Carly, shifting in her agitation from foot to foot. \"Jack has a real problem. It's really serious. Something bad happened.\" Stephanie gazed at Jack, a grave look in her soft brown eyes. \"I won't be angry, pets,\" she said softly. \"Can you tell me what happened?\" Jack was certain he never could, but Carly broke in before he could say a word. \"He was raped! Two nights ago, by two girls,\" Carly blurted out, then she flushed a dull, beet red and stared at the floor. Stephanie sat very still. \"I know about it and have to help him,\" said Carly, wringing her hands. Fresh tears were shining in her blue eyes. \"He's having trouble talking about it. He needs professional help.\" Jack nodded. Stephanie turned her gaze to him. \"It's alright Jack, I am here to help you,\" she said, very gently. She turned to Carly again. \"How did you find this out Carly?\" she asked. \"Because I was one of them. I raped Jack,\" wailed Carly, tears coursing down her face. \"Seriously, Carly?\" said Stephanie, giving her a searching look. \"Yes and he'll never forgive me,\" said Carly, her voice rising hysterically. \"I should never have let Kendra lead me into it…\" she clapped her hand to her mouth, her eyes wide. Stephanie turned to Jack. \"Jack, did Carly and Kendra rape you?\" she asked him, her voice still soft. Jack hesitated and then nodded. \"Alright,\" said Stephanie. She took a deep breath. \"I know what's to be done.\"","LastChapter":"Confessions from the heart Jack stared blankly back at Carly, his mind still reeling from her astonishing confession. Her pale cheeks were stained with her tears and the anguish in her face and eyes was plain to see. Could she really have attacked him on that terrible night? He certainly had not recognised her, but really, it could have been any girl's head enveloped in that grotesque mask and how else would she know about it all, unless it really had been her? Carly a rapist? Previously he had always thought of rapists as being unsavoury older men and had assumed that to avoid being raped, he just had to avoid being sent to prison. Carly defied all his preconceived notions. This was a girl he had actually liked, although he hadn't quite known how to tell her… and that churned him up inside ever more. What was he supposed to feel now? Last night his dreams and been haunted by masked and disfigured faces and the nightmarish sensations of losing control of his body. The idea of Carly giving him night terrors was certainly more jarring than the idea of Kendra doing it. Carly was gazing at him now, her blue eyes bloodshot through her tears, but he found he couldn't bring himself to look at her and instead addressed the table surface: \"I certainly can't face Kendra ever again!\" he said decisively. \"There is nothing I can do. I thought that I knew her…\" \"I understand,\" said Carly in a small voice. There was an awkward silence. Jack wished this conversation would end and he could be alone, but Carly broke the silence again. \"You need to be able to talk about it,\" she said. \"You might be able to find a counsellor who will want to help you.\" \"I can't talk about it,\" said Jack quickly. \"No, come on, you need help,\" said Carly, her voice quivering slightly again. Jack wanted to ask why she and Kendra had done this to him. And how did they show inhuman strength and agility? So many questions that made the situation even more mindboggling and unbelievable. The question caught in his throat and he said hoarsely. \"How…? Why?\" \"I really can't explain it,\" said Carly in a voice of forced calm. \"But the masks are magic. They looked like ordinary wooden masks, but really, they were alive.\" Jack didn't answer that. The masks certainly had not looked wooden. They had looked uncomfortably tight, but their material had been vivid green… \"When we wore the masks, it was as though our darkest desires were brought to life,\" Carly continued. \"I think… I know that I have fantasised about sex with you and a threesome with you as well. With that mask on I could do anything. I saw no reason not to act out the fantasy. Kendra was goading me as well…\" she took a deep breath. \"These are not excuses, just reasons. When the mask came off the next morning, I realised how horrifying my behaviour was. The masks must only work at night.\" Really, Jack thought, he should have expected an incredible explanation. Just remembering Kendra's dreadful, gripping strength that night as she overpowered him, made him think that there had been something unnatural going on. There was another awkward pause. \"I can help,\" said Carly, pushing her blond hair away from her tearstained face. \"I can help you start counselling. The counsellors should both take it seriously if I confess to them first. Then they start their counselling. They should know what to do from that point on. You don't have to be the one to break the ice.\" Jack's first thought was to protest and tell her that she need not risk getting into trouble on his account. Then he inwardly grimaced and wondered why he should care about that when she had done this to him? After all, whoever believed their story would not be able to report it to the police or the headmaster or anything like that. Girls could not legally assault anyone. He followed Carly down the corridor to the office of Ida Billings, one of the school counsellors. Ida was an attractive and vivacious woman of around thirty, always dressed stylishly. By great good fortune, she was at her desk as they entered and she greeted them cheerily. \"We have something serious to tell you,\" said Carly, her voice very sombre. Ida frowned. \"That's alright,\" she replied, \"are you saying you both need counselling?\" \"No,\" said Carly quickly. Jack wondered how she was going to wangle this. She hesitated. \"Something happened to Jack, something really bad,\" said Carly with a half-glance at him. She swallowed. \"What happened, dear?\" asked Ida of Jack. \"Jack was attacked – raped the night before last, by t- two girls,\" stuttered Carly. Ida's brow turned dark as a thundercloud. \"How dare you kids muck about, wasting my time?\" she stormed. \"Counselling is a serious business, get out, both of you!\" Jack's insides seemed to shrivel up. So his case was not serious and just a waste of time? Carly quickly took him by the hand and led him down the corridor again and he followed mechanically. \"She's useless, but Stephanie should be better,\" said Carly a slight quiver in her voice. It just so happened that Stephanie Wainwright, the other counsellor happened to be in her office too. She was a large middle aged woman. Today, she was dressed in a flowery dress that just about fit her very ample figure. \"Hello there, my pets,\" said Stephanie. \"I was just about to go to lunch, but if it's urgent…\" Jack wondered if he ought to run now and save himself the ridicule of not being taken seriously a second time. \"Please don't be angry,\" said Carly, shifting in her agitation from foot to foot. \"Jack has a real problem. It's really serious. Something bad happened.\" Stephanie gazed at Jack, a grave look in her soft brown eyes. \"I won't be angry, pets,\" she said softly. \"Can you tell me what happened?\" Jack was certain he never could, but Carly broke in before he could say a word. \"He was raped! Two nights ago, by two girls,\" Carly blurted out, then she flushed a dull, beet red and stared at the floor. Stephanie sat very still. \"I know about it and have to help him,\" said Carly, wringing her hands. Fresh tears were shining in her blue eyes. \"He's having trouble talking about it. He needs professional help.\" Jack nodded. Stephanie turned her gaze to him. \"It's alright Jack, I am here to help you,\" she said, very gently. She turned to Carly again. \"How did you find this out Carly?\" she asked. \"Because I was one of them. I raped Jack,\" wailed Carly, tears coursing down her face. \"Seriously, Carly?\" said Stephanie, giving her a searching look. \"Yes and he'll never forgive me,\" said Carly, her voice rising hysterically. \"I should never have let Kendra lead me into it…\" she clapped her hand to her mouth, her eyes wide. Stephanie turned to Jack. \"Jack, did Carly and Kendra rape you?\" she asked him, her voice still soft. Jack hesitated and then nodded. \"Alright,\" said Stephanie. She took a deep breath. \"I know what's to be done.\"","Summary":" Mirror Images Carly and Kendra were best friends. They were having a sleep over together at Kendra'","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  M - English - Angst Horror - Chapters: 4   - Words: 4,989 - Reviews: 5 - Favs: 3 - Follows: 3 - Updated: 4 5 2014 - Published: 3 31 2014 - id: 10232954 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Flushed Away: Tale of the Jammy Dodger II","Author":"Zumester","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3609260","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Preface/Rant: The movie we all cherish and know, Flushed Away, kind of left us hanging there in-between Roddy and Rita's cut scene after the wave was frozen, and the 'Proud Mary' finale. The transition in itself was seamless, but when you take a step back and look at the picture as a whole, there's something wrong there. We've got to get a few facts strait: The Jammy Dodger II couldn't have been built in those 0.3 seconds. They could have bought it on the spot from a dealer or something. If there is one thing Rita Malone understands, it's that the spirit of the boat comes from the creator. She'd never buy something pre-made, thats just Rita for you. Even if so, check out this commonly overlooked fact: Water does not spontaneously melt in 0.3 seconds, especially when it's below the freezing point (Liquid nitrogen is cold). Without the chemistry mumbo-jumbo: The wave that had just been frozen couldn't of melted under a day. Hey, science boy, it doesn't matter. Anything is possible, the world doesn't exist: the laws of science don't apply. Let's assume the laws of dry-cleaning apply: Their clothes. The scene before? Dirty. The next? Not a spec of grease, mud, and actually ironed. Thats Okay, you got us Zumester. There was a period of time between the lubby-dubby scene and singing slugs. Now what? Well, now I'm going to be 'filling in' this gap with what I believe happened, while staying close and true to the spirit of Aardman/DreamWorks. ( So, prepare yourselves for a series stuffed with plenty of action, humor, and… possible romance? Find out in chapter after chapter of… Flushed Away: Tale of the Jammy Dodger II \"Feeling a little tounge tied?\" Roddy asked, milking yet another pun in his moment of triumph. \"Impothhible!\" cried out a strained voice. Rita could only smile as the feel of victory coursed through her veins. She was hanging on Roddy, who in turn was using Le Frog as a gymnastics rope; Roddy had just swung down to save her from her plummet into the oncoming wave. \"Toodaloo!\" she crooned sweetly to the Toad, waving a few fingers before gravity took hold and pulled them earthbound. A cry of seething fury was the last thing the Toad could manage before the tension of his tongue, caught in-between gears, ripped him and the pipe he was frozen to off the main nitrogen-pumping line. Roddy, Rita and Le Frog all cried out together as they scarcely swung past the approaching wave of water, and onto a platform above the whole scene: a wave of collected loo-water was about to crush the entire city of Ratropolis. Roddy could only pray that his plan would not fail him, Rita, and the city. \"Please work, please work, please work!\" Rita looked on, horrified for her family. She didn't know what Roddy was talking about either, as he frantically shook his hands and watched the broken pipes. The water is already upon the city; the entirety of my family and friends are going to be washed away, and here he is looking at a bunch of pipes oozing super coolant…Wait… Then, Roddy's plan slowly began to make sense, and began to take form. The pipes were discharging liquid nitrogen, a substance which would freeze anything on contact. Massive amounts of it were being poured and pumped into the water which was now looming over the city. The effect was instant: the water froze, and continued freezing, until every last bit of it was solid ice. Looming high over the metropolis, the tsunami had been stopped. There was a silence…a hush of shock. And then, roaring. The hundreds of citizens immediately broke out in cheer, for whoever saved them all from a watery grave. People all around embraced each other, laughed, cried together. Roddy…you've done it. Dear God, you've done it! Roddy and Rita emerged into view, the former still clinging to Le Frog, evidentily unaware of his presence. \"Look!\" cried one of the children, far below in the crowd. \"It's Roddy and Rita!\" Everyone's attention turned to the two rats who must have been responsible for their fates. Rita's father was overwhelmed with pride for his daughter. \"Good on ya, girl.\" He managed to say with awe in his voice. The man who'd led the two together, the pirate cook, emerged with his trusty fish friend. Recognizing the male rat from the wanted poster, he yelled out at the top of his lungs: \"Hurray fer Millicent Bystander!\" The fish he held under his arm also chimed in, by beginning to chant \"Millicent, Millicent!\". The cook began to wave his hook around to encourage the populous to join in, and they happily obliged. Soon, the entire population was chanting along with the little fish. Roddy could only stare, his mouth hung open wide. His eyes scanned across the mass of mice, who were waving their hands, dancing, hugging, yelling. An entire town is cheering…well, close enough to, my name! This cant be real…I'm dreaming again. Next to him, Rita was stunned as well. That was bloody brilliant! Amazing! Roddy… She spoke these words and turned to him. \"You're a hero, Roddy.\" What? Roddy's head slowly turned, his gaping mouth becoming into a wide grin. His eyes lit up like the fire of a thousand suns. He'd been given the best comment in the world by the woman whom he was…falling for . Hah, me, of all people, eh? Not one soul could have been happier than him this day. \"Pffft, big deal.\" Mused Le Frog casually. Suddenly, both were aware Roddy was still clutching Le Frog. His attempts to spoil the mood were foiled, however. Now that Le Frog had no use as an amphibian safety line, Roddy and Rita both gave Le Frog one last look of pity. Roddy then let go, and suddenly the laws of physics were once again in effect. Le Frog was sent slingshotting upwards, his tongue still frozen to the same pipe as the Toad. The Toad tried to scrape the last bits of bad guy out of himself. \"You wretched vermin! I'll make you pay for thith!\" His tongue was coiled around the gear in which it was stuck, making him sound like a complete fool. Le Frog had wrapped around him in the process. \"Auuugh!\" Le Frog finally cried out in frustration, \"Give it a rest couzin! And get your kids a puppy!\" he added meaningfully. Roddy and Rita laughed together, now that all was said and done. He peered over at Rita, who was looking over at him too. But everything isn't all said and done, is it? It's supposed to be all over now…I'm supposed to go home, a hero to be forgotten, and Rita lives on with her life. And that means I'll never see her again… Roddy's face changed. He drew out a long sigh and drooped his head. Rita noticed something was wrong and eyed him sympathetically. Roddy noticed she was looking at him. He looked up at her...her… \"Rita…\" Roddy started. There she was. Rita… Looking at him, meaning the world to him, those beautiful green eyes piercing his heart with every passing millisecond. Every bone in his body ached with regret that he didn't realize how he had felt about his life, and her, sooner. And Rita, looking at him, those light brown eyes, charming face...She found it hard to show, but she too was sad. The future looked very ominous, now that the day was saved and all was back to normal. I've a boat to fix…and he's a family to… her thoughts came to a halt. She remembered what happened back at the apartment. He had lied to her about it all... But he did it to help me…to protect me. I don't have any business in his life, personal or otherwise. I'm the one who should be apologizing... Yet she again felt the returning void in her stomach…the infinite cold of loss creeping into her. Once, she had almost lost someone dear to her: her father. Now she was feeling that same tinge of horror…but for Roddy. What it meant, Rita was not sure. But one thing was clear…the pain. Roderick took a moment to think. All those years, I was all alone in that apartment. I thought I had it all... but I never really did. Why do I realize this now? I was such a fool, and I let her down too. I don't want to go back. I'd be damned if I left. If it's all the same to you Sid…I want to stay here…with her, he thought firmly. Roddy looked at her affectionately before he began. \"I was wondering…' he shyly put his hands together. Roddy had never really talked absolutely seriously, from the bottom of his heart. His nerves were getting the best of him. 'If you do build a Jammy Dodger Mark II, um…\" Roddy began, shakily at first. He looked away from Rita, obviously nervous out of his mind. He pulled another cliché giveaway by scratching his head to stall for time. Rita knew what was coming next. The void she felt slowly diminished into nothing, and emotions of joy filled her heart. Rita folded her arms, trying her hardest to suppress her smile, which was screaming to be shown. She tilted her head forward as if she was hanging on his next words. Might as well mess with the guy while we're here. Oh, the HELL with it. Roddy couldn't stall any longer. The primal choice came clear to him in an instant: it was either life with Rita or life alone. He chose his next words carefully. \"You wouldn't happen to need a first mate…would you?\" The words hung there for a moment, soft feathers in the torrent of fate. Their meaning, implications, effects, all became clear when Rita looked into those deep brown eyes, which yearned so truthfully for her response. Rita's personality shone through when she brought a hand up to her face and tapped her lips, looking upward as if this choice was a difficult one. 'Hmm,' she pensively sighed, as she looked at Roddy. Her eyes, like his, gave away what she was truly thinking-- Of course I would... nothing in the world could replace you, Roderick. It took Roddy, bless his soul, a few moments to realize she wasn't laughing at him. It also took him a few moments to realize that the noise she made, was an affectionate sigh of agreement. Roddy could only smile as he wondered what the future could possibly hold in store for him… and Rita Malone. Most importantly, the 'and'. He was alone, no more. The scene was interrupted however, with a clang of a brass ladder against the side of the roof. Roddy and Rita's spell was broken for the moment. They walked over and leaned over the edge, only to see Officer Colin's head pop out. He clambered up over the side, completely out of breath from the climb up. \"Allo Rita!\" He pulled himself up with a tremendous amount of effort, brushed himself off, and shook her hand. He saw Roddy, remembering his face from their first encounter. \"And Millicent!\" Again with the name, dear heavens. Does the lunacy ever end? \"Looks like I didn't keep a close enough eye on you after all, did I? Saved the whole town you did… I assure you, we had no idea the Toad had all this in store. We'd been keeping tabs, but this was completely out of his…capacity… or so we thought.\" A few more officers climbed up, huffing. Colin turned to them and barked some orders. Rita tried to suppress her laughter as she observed the scene: a load of obese rats frantically trying to figure out what in the blazes a giant wave was doing in the middle of Ratropolis. Roddy leaned over to her and mumbled. \"Few too many donuts at the station, perhaps?\" Rita snickered and lightly hit him on the shoulder. The Officer turned to the two, confused at what the two were laughing about. \"Erm, yes then. I think some congratulations are in order Mr. Bystander!\" \"Well, I had some help.\" He glanced over and grinned at Rita. Hey, it's partially true: she proved to be a well-placed damsel in distress. She smiled back rolled her eyes. \"I only played a small part in Roddy's grand plan.\" She slapped Roddy on the back. Always trying to keep \"But speaking of plans…\" Rita jerked a thumb back at two figures hanging limply in defeat. \"Ah, our two culprits.\" Colin gleefully rubbed his hands together. If there was anything Colin liked more than upholding the law, it was carrying out justice firsthand. He leaned over to one side and mentioned to Roddy. \"I've always wanted to say this!\" \"Book em', boys!\" Grinning from ear to ear, he crossed his arms and looked at the other officers expectantly. \"Umm, we cant reach them.\" They pointed out. The two frogs were entangled in a gearbox which hung high above open air. Officer Colin slowly surfaced to his wits. \"Well, do something! We cant just let em' hang, which is more than they deserve. C'mon now, get to it!\" Roddy and Rita laughed as the rats scrambled around, pulling up another ladder and extending it as a bridge to reach the two. Roddy slowly turned to Rita, who was already looking at him. \"Well, I suppose we had better get down to your family…\" The word seemed to sting him slightly. \"I'm sure they're worried sick about you.\" He tilted his head, motioning towards the ladder, but Rita grabbed his arm and stopped him from going. Rita had only recently begun to understand what was wrong with Roddy; how all this time he was alone. He really doesn't get it, does he? She put her hands on her hips and gave him a serious look. \"Hey, if you want to be my first mate, there's a few things you need to know.\" She began, in a captian-esque tone. Roddy prepared himself for a lecture on ethics or something of the sort. \"On my ship, we work together…much like a family.\" Roddy's expression tweaked at those words. Rita continued, yet with more emotion; \"That makes you a part of my family …just as much as I am.\" The sincerity in her voice was uncanny. She stopped for a moment to ogle Roddy's look; he seemed as if he was about to burst into tears of joy. She leaned on one foot and crossed her arms. \"Secondly, you'll need to learn to control those facial expressions, doesn't leave a very menacing impression to you, does it?\" She smiled at him. He really was something different, Roddy St. James. A good kind of different. Roddy shook his head and quickly broke his spell-bound daze. He stood up strait. \"Aye Aye, Captian!\" He saluted as he returned her heart-warming smile. Rita, suppressing her laughter, looked back at the scene one last time. The policeman had managed to construct a scaffold; Roddy and Rita had time to see the Toad's enraged expression as the cold steel handcuffs, squeezing extra tight on his slimy skin, clamped down on his flippers. \"I think that's the last we'll be seeing of that old cod.\" Roddy mentioned. The Toad, at least, would be a free frog no more. With looks of solid satisfaction, they turned and continued towards the ladder. \"I really hope mum had some kind of dinner planned after the game, I'm absolutely starved!\" At the mention of food, Roddy's stomach churned and grumbled. \"Amen to that,\" he agreed. \"And Rita?\" \"Yeah?\" She looked at him quizzically. \"…Thanks.\" Rita beamed, her eyes accentuated by the curvature. She continued down the ladder; Roddy followed closely. The two scaled down slowly, into the roars and booms of the crowd. As they each reached the bottom, and stepped onto solid concrete once again, the mob of people approached at high speed. The Malone family was at the head; engulfing both of them in warm hugs and praise. Roddy and Rita were both lifted and held up by the crowd, carried away as victorious gladiators in the struggle of life. They could both only look at each other and laugh as they were bathed in glory. Yep, things have gone from good to better , Roddy thought. Now, he concretely belonged somewhere: In the midst of the Malone clan. Yet, deep down, something irked Roderick St. James. Something was amiss. A feeling, a new feeling…something that he had never felt before had arisen in him. Strange…a fiery zest, a burning desire. He was not sure what it was, or what it meant. One thing he knew for certain however: life together, for Roddy St. James and Rita Malone, was just getting off the runway. A/N: Yes, the climax of the movie is really something to read, rather than watch, isn't it? I spent many an hour devising this, rewinding at least a minimum of 10 times to watch every single expression the characters had to offer. That is the goal here: to capture and illustrate the essence that Aardman instilled in Flushed Away and it's characters: the way it was meant to be told. This, I think, is my best work to date. It's also kind of hard though, to start a story with such a climactic sequence, where the 'emotional journeys' (sorry if I sound too English-teacher there) come to a end…(or do they? That's the question that drives this story!) But keep in mind, this is just chapter one of a tale much greater. I'm already writing chapter two. -One thing I should mention, this is a more romantically motivated story, more so than the others.- (my attempt to expand my writing abilites). Please tell me what you guys think![Chapter 2] The clanking of plates and platters packed the dining room of the Malone house. The fireplace cast a warm glow upon the table, which in turn was covered in foods of all sorts. Roasted bits of assorted meat, still sizzling in their brown sauces, filled the room with a hearty scent. Thick puddings, of all flavors and shapes, juices and beverages, all of which crammed every inch of the table; Never had there been a feast like this before… at least, before Roddy came along. The children came rushing to the table and filled the seats and benches. Mrs. Malone was carrying out more food, and Mr. Malone was lecturing the kids on table manners. They were all very excited: this was the most action packed day of their lives. By a margin of massive narrowness, the entire town was saved from their dooms. Along with the family, the entire populous was endangered: and Roderick St. James had answered the call. He was the savior that the prophet had ranted about all this time, and in his honor the Malone family would have a feast of grand proportions. The children seemingly came out of the walls; they streamed out of every nook and cranny towards the table. Roddy looked out upon the sight with renound emotion. He had never felt like had had belonged, and now here was a family he could call his own. \"Isn't this a sight for sore eyes…\" he managed with awe. \"Get used to it,\" came a sarcastic, yet sweet voice. Roddy spun around - from the kitchen, carefully balancing a stack of drinking glasses, emerged Rita Malone; his captain, and less formally, his best friend. Roddy looked at her and smiled. \"I wasn't being sarcastic!\" he pouted. Still as feisty as ever, and rolled her eyes. \"Oh, I know. Now-a-days, I'm sure I can tell when you're telling the truth.\" She laughed softly and walked past him towards the table. The truth… Roddy wondered if she was still angry with him for lying to her about his real life up top. He was still slightly unsure of himself, but he was sure she understood. She was a clever girl, after all. Rita knew exactly his stance. She felt deeply sorry for him, and how the shadow of his former life still hung over him like the now-melting wave over Ratropolis. She wanted nothing more than to talk to Roddy about how she understood his situation. But being emotional? That was anything but Rita Malone. But, in a way… at least when she was around Roddy, she felt she could be more of herself than even around her family, or friends. Strange, she had never felt as open around anyone before. Rita could only wonder… Regardless, this was no time to worry about problems, they both thought. \"Suppers' ready!\" Mrs. Malone called out. Roddy took another bite into a wondrous new white meat he had found on the table. He eagerly scooped it up into his mouth as Rita watched in amusement. She had never seen one rat eat so fast, not even her smaller siblings. What ever happened to the posh pet prune I met two days ago? she wondered. Roddy was fitting in quite well, she thought.","LastChapter":"The clanking of plates and platters packed the dining room of the Malone house. The fireplace cast a warm glow upon the table, which in turn was covered in foods of all sorts. Roasted bits of assorted meat, still sizzling in their brown sauces, filled the room with a hearty scent. Thick puddings, of all flavors and shapes, juices and beverages, all of which crammed every inch of the table; Never had there been a feast like this before… at least, before Roddy came along. The children came rushing to the table and filled the seats and benches. Mrs. Malone was carrying out more food, and Mr. Malone was lecturing the kids on table manners. They were all very excited: this was the most action packed day of their lives. By a margin of massive narrowness, the entire town was saved from their dooms. Along with the family, the entire populous was endangered: and Roderick St. James had answered the call. He was the savior that the prophet had ranted about all this time, and in his honor the Malone family would have a feast of grand proportions. The children seemingly came out of the walls; they streamed out of every nook and cranny towards the table. Roddy looked out upon the sight with renound emotion. He had never felt like had had belonged, and now here was a family he could call his own. \"Isn't this a sight for sore eyes…\" he managed with awe. \"Get used to it,\" came a sarcastic, yet sweet voice. Roddy spun around - from the kitchen, carefully balancing a stack of drinking glasses, emerged Rita Malone; his captain, and less formally, his best friend. Roddy looked at her and smiled. \"I wasn't being sarcastic!\" he pouted. Still as feisty as ever, and rolled her eyes. \"Oh, I know. Now-a-days, I'm sure I can tell when you're telling the truth.\" She laughed softly and walked past him towards the table. The truth… Roddy wondered if she was still angry with him for lying to her about his real life up top. He was still slightly unsure of himself, but he was sure she understood. She was a clever girl, after all. Rita knew exactly his stance. She felt deeply sorry for him, and how the shadow of his former life still hung over him like the now-melting wave over Ratropolis. She wanted nothing more than to talk to Roddy about how she understood his situation. But being emotional? That was anything but Rita Malone. But, in a way… at least when she was around Roddy, she felt she could be more of herself than even around her family, or friends. Strange, she had never felt as open around anyone before. Rita could only wonder… Regardless, this was no time to worry about problems, they both thought. \"Suppers' ready!\" Mrs. Malone called out. Roddy took another bite into a wondrous new white meat he had found on the table. He eagerly scooped it up into his mouth as Rita watched in amusement. She had never seen one rat eat so fast, not even her smaller siblings. What ever happened to the posh pet prune I met two days ago? she wondered. Roddy was fitting in quite well, she thought.","Summary":" Author's Preface/Rant: The movie we all cherish and know, Flushed Away, kind of left us hanging the","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Romance Humor - Chapters: 2   - Words: 6,591 - Reviews: 25 - Favs: 21 - Follows: 18 - Updated: 8 3 2007 - Published: 6 22 2007 - id: 3609260 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Obsession","Author":"Anbessette","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5849271","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own any rights to Gattaca, and this is not for profit. --- A pair of nurses walked past me as I was leaving the hospital. \"You look awful! Bad day?\" \"Not really. It's nothing. I was just seeing to Mr Morrow and ...\" \"That explains it. It'll take you a while to get used to patients like Jerome. You look at him and just want to cry, until he opens his mouth and you just want to hit him.\" They continued down the hall, and I stood frozen in front of the door. Jerome Morrow . It wasn't, I reminded myself, the most uncommon of names. Still … I turned around and headed towards the room the nurse seemed to have come from. The man in the bed was asleep, so I headed straight for his charts. I skimmed over his symptoms (severe) and treatment (the bare minimum required to keep him alive), looking for a genetic profile. \"Haven't seen you in here before,\" said a voice. I started, almost guilty, and put the file down. \"I'm here for a meeting,\" I replied. My mind was working furiously. How were you supposed to ask someone a question like this? \"I usually work at Gattaca Aerospace Corporation.\" No reaction. \"Why are you here, then? I'm no astronaut.\" \"I'm not here as a doctor. I heard one of the nurses mention your name, and I think we might have a mutual friend. The name Vincent Freeman mean anything to you?\" Of course he would deny it, even if it was true. So I scrutinized the wreck of a face, searching for some hint of recognition. I thought I saw something in his eyes, but it was gone an instant later. \"No, I can't say that it does.\" --- \"I think I spoke to your namesake yesterday,\" I remarked to Vincent during his next substance test. \"Oh? That's more than I can say lately. Haven't seen him since I went up. Where was he?\" Though his face remained casual, as always, I heard a note of suppressed urgency in his voice. \"I wouldn't get your hopes up,\" I warned. \"I'm not sure if it was him or not. The name can't be that unique, and he claimed not to know you.\" \"Well, he would. I know it's a big world, but it's still a possibility. What happened?\" \"Not much to tell. I overheard a couple of nurses talking about him. One said that she wants to cry whenever she looks at him, until he starts to speak and makes her want to hit him.\" Vincent smiled slightly. \"That does sound like him … Nurse? Was he in hospital?\" \"You didn't know that?\" \"Like I told you, I haven't seen him since I went up. He was healthy when we said goodbye.\" \"It's not that he's ill. He's injured, pretty badly.\" \"How?\" The look on his face shocked me. I hadn't imagined he cared this much for his double, or for anyone. I respect and admire Vincent, and I'm also quite fond of him, but I'd never seen him demonstrate human emotion before. I named the worst injury first. \"A broken back.\" \"I know that,\" said Vincent with something between relief and irritation. \"It happened seven years ago. Is that all?\" \"He's also suffered third degree burns to a large portion of his body.\" \"How the hell did that happen?\" \"I don't know. You'll have to ask him.\" \"Yes. I'll meet you after work and get the address of that hospital.\" --- A/N: I know this chapter isn't very good, but it's necessary to set things up. The next one is better and much longer. Promise.[Chapter 2] A/N: Sorry it took me so long to update. I was intending to have this up within a few days of the prologue but life (in the form of a philosophy essay, a chemistry test, a minor role in a play, a sister departing for Japan and my muse kicking my butt about another story I'm working on) got in the way. Anyway, here it is. I floated halfway between the waking world and the eerie peace of unconsciousness. As I began to rise, a dream brushed against the edge of my mind and I slammed on the brakes. I tried to drag myself back down into my subconscious, but I couldn't do that. I could hold myself where I was, however, and avoid completely losing the dream that called to me so strongly. Since I wasn't properly asleep, I couldn't even see anything, only hear. There was nothing special to listen to, either – just an ordinary and unimportant conversation. The reason I clung to it so desperately was that half of it was spoken in a voice I never expected to hear again. One that wasn't beautiful, but as familiar as my own heartbeat and a damn sight more welcome. It sounds as if I'm talking about an old lover, doesn't it? I should clarify at this point that that's not the case. Far from it. I'm not sure if I'm even capable of feeling something like that. But in the absolute privacy of my semi-conscious mind, I could admit that I do love him. Though I haven't really belonged anywhere for most of my adult life, his voice felt like home. Though I can't remember the last time I was comfortable, his voice felt like comfort. I rested contentedly in that in-between state until the conversation ended – and, ironically, it was only then that I managed to sink all the way back into sleep. --- I woke up properly some time later. Scanning my small hospital room, I did a double take as my eyes landed on someone's face. He was looking at me with an expression I couldn't quite decipher – pity? affection? apprehension? – until he noticed my gaze and quickly wiped his face blank. Had that dream been prophetic … Of course not. It hadn't been a dream at all. I'd overheard an actual conversation. So, Vincent really was sitting across the room from me. I groaned. \"Do you know who I am?\" he asked. \"Of course I know you. What the hell are you doing here?\" He grinned. \"So it is you. Hello Eugene. Long time no see.\" I realised that he hadn't recognised me until I spoke. That hurt, though there was no reason why it should. I didn't recognise myself in the mirror any more. \"Why are you here?\" \"Why are you here? What happened to you?\" \"An accident,\" I said dismissively. \"Why -\" \"An accident. Like the 'accident that crippled you in the first place?\" I didn't answer. But for someone who knows me so well, that was answer enough. \"You IDIOT!\" he exploded. He jumped up and strode over to me. His fists were clenched. \"I'd beat the crap out of you if you hadn't already taken care of that part … What's wrong with you?\" \"Burns, broken back. You?\" \"Bad heart, a year to live,\" he retorted. \"Why would you do this to yourself?\" \"That's none of your business.\" I struggled to sit up, but someone had moved the strap out of my reach. Vincent gave an incredulous laugh as he helped me up. The touch sent pain shooting through me. \"If it's not my business, then whose is it?\" \"No-one's but mine!\" The door opened and a young nurse stepped in. She looked terrified but determined. \"I'm going to have to ask you to leave at once, sir -\" \"He's staying,\" I snapped. \"Get out! Can't you see we're in the middle of something?\" She scuttled out of the room, and presumably warned her colleagues to stay away too. We screamed at each other for hours without interruption. I can't remember all we said – I think a lot of it was repetition anyway – but the gist of it was that Vincent wanted to kill me for wanting to kill myself and I was furious with him for being so furious with me. \"We don't owe each other anything,\" I yelled at one point. \"I held up my end of the deal, I went above and beyond what I was contracted to do. Isn't that enough? Why can't you just go live your life and let me have mine?\" \"Because you'd only throw it away!\" \"So what? Why should you care? You've got everything you wanted from me.\" \"That's not the point. What about what you want? Because I refuse to believe you don't want more than this.\" \"Well, you're wrong. I don't want more, I want less! I never wanted this -\" I indicated my lifeless legs - \"or this -\" I gestured at my scars - \"I only wanted to die.\" And round and round it went. Hours later, when our voices were hoarse and aching and Vincent had sunk down into a chair, we still glared at each other as though hoping our eyes could somehow force our point through the other's thick skull. It occurred to me that he was not going to give up, he would do this forever if it came to it. He would tear us both to pieces trying to convince me I was worth keeping whole, and would not be persuaded that he was wrong about that. The nurse stepped in again. \"You really do need to leave this time,\" she said. \"Visiting hours are over.\" \"Fine.\" As he headed out, Vincent came over to the bed and awkwardly embraced me. I knew why he was doing it – all the years of history between us that couldn't be put into words and needed some sort of solid, physical expression – but pain exploded in my raw skin at the touch. \"Think about what I said,\" he told me. As though I could have avoided that if I tried. From outside the door, I heard her say \"You will come again, won't you? It'll do him more good than anything we have to offer. I've never seen him look so alive before.\" \"I'll bet,\" said Vincent. \"Don't worry, I'll be back. He'll have to do a lot more than that to get rid of me.\" I resented that the nurse was talking to him about me behind my back, that she presumed to know what was good for me … but she was right. Fighting with Vincent had been unsettling, pointless and infuriating; and damn, it'd felt good. My throat was raw. My heart was pounding. My head was crowded with thoughts I really didn't want to deal with. I was still burning with anger, and was far too charged up to consider going to sleep. For the first time in years, I was awake . I was myself. --- I am, and always have been, an obsessive personality. Like every part of my deepest nature, this trait was programmed into me by my creators. Oh, I'm not trying to claim that tunnel vision was mapped into my genome. But growing up in the hands of doctors, parents, tutors and coaches who take great pains to impress on you that Valids are built for a purpose, equipped with advantages many would happily die to give their children, can't be expected to produce particularly stable individuals. I was born to be an athlete. For as long as I can remember, my entire life was geared towards the ultimate goal of a golden Olympic medal. Competitive swimming was my raison d'etre. The worst part of it is that last sentence wasn't intended ironically. Perhaps it shows weakness of character, but I didn't resent the sport that consumed me – I loved it. Though my parents had designed themselves an Olympian, they would probably have been satisfied with a son. It was my choice, and mine alone, to throw my soul into that pool. And when the Olympics came and went and I failed to achieve the only goal I'd ever been aiming for, my life lost all meaning. I was as good as dead (though not in the way I wanted to be) when German found me and introduced me to the man who wanted to become me. They say that borrowed ladders are parasites. For us, it was the other way round. I latched onto Vincent as if I were trying to suck the life out of him. I suppose I was, in a way. I used his ambition to reach the stars as a kind of prosthesis, a way to compensate for my own lack of ambition to even keep breathing, and gave him everything I had and was in return. I pursued his (our) goal with the same single-minded devotion I'd once given my swimming career. Perhaps even more. At least back then I had a few other interests besides getting drunk. It isn't healthy to invest everything in one other person that way. But as suicide isn't especially healthy either, I chose the lesser of two evils. Vincent's dream brought me out of my stupor. It got me relatively clean, got my body and mind working again, renewed my interest in life, gave me a purpose. It was only when success was close enough to touch that I realised nothing had changed after all. I hadn't been saved. I'd just traded one obsession for another, and with the reason for my existence hurtling off to Titan I was back at square one. And so I decided to finish what I'd started all those years ago. I'd lived for Vincent, and planned to die for him too. It isn't as if burning was high on my list of ways to go. The idea gave me nightmares in the weeks leading up to it, and even blind drunk it took a supreme effort of will to pull the lever. But it was the only was to avoid the risk of someone discovering Jerome Morrow's corpse and asking how a dead man could be navigating Gattaca's latest mission. I should have been more selfish and just taken pills or something. The bloody incinerator broke. A neighbour broke down the door when he heard me screaming. God knows how I managed to say anything , but I can only assume I somehow communicated the emergency plan German drilled into us at the beginning. The hospital to go to and what to say there to ensure complete confidentiality. Because by the time I was lucid again I was here, and no-one's arrested me yet. That's the long version of why my good mood didn't last long after Vincent left. It was the same hopeless hope I'd felt the first time he walked into my life, and I squashed it mercilessly. I had no intention of putting either of us through that again. It would only end with me trying to kill myself, maybe succeeding, more likely just getting horrifically injured. (The way things were going, I'd end up living the next fifty years as a head in a jar.) He had better things to do than try to save someone who was already dead; and as for me . . . I was just sick of the whole damn thing. Despite myself, I dreamed about him that night. And found myself hoping he'd be stupid enough to follow through with his hastily made promise to come back. --- He was sitting beside the bed when I opened my eyes the next morning. \"How are you doing?\" \"Is that a trick question?\" He smiled blandly. \"No, just a stupid one . . . It hurts to look at you.\" \"Try being me.\" \"Already did.\" He hesitated before continuing. \"Look, Eugene . . . I didn't come here to fight. I think we've done enough of that. I want to talk to you.\" \"Sure. About politics, or the weather? How was Titan?\" \"I was thinking more along the lines of why you refuse to look into skin grafts. You must know we can afford it.\" His casual use of the word 'we' made my heart beat a little faster and my stomach clench with dread at the same time. \"You have no idea what you're getting into.\" He leaned forward, suddenly angry. \"For God's sake, you want to let me be the judge of that? You of all people should know better than to underestimate me. I know you. I've seen you at your worst. I've seen you drunk, stoned, passed out on the bathroom floor, nightmaring, hating the world, wanting to die. I know exactly what I'm getting into. And I'm still here .\" Eyes blazing, he bent down and firmly pressed his lips to mine. It wasn't like any other kiss I'd ever had. It wasn't an expression of desire or affection, it was . . . a pledge. I'm still here . And I closed my eyes and kissed back. You're going to live to regret this … and so am I. \"So,\" he said when we finally pulled apart. \"About those skin grafts ...\"[Chapter 3] A/N: I wrote this chapter a few months after 'Waiting', but it comes straight after 'Obsession' chronologically. After much thought, I decided to move 'Waiting' to chapter four for the sake of continuity. Sorry for any confusion. I expect the next chapter to require an M rating, so if this story appears to vanish, that's why. It was officially declared some time ago that homosexuality is entirely natural for a portion of the population. Today, there is no-one who would even attempt to deny this except certain tiny groups of fundamentalists. But the days when 'natural' implied 'acceptable' are far behind us. Natural? So is epilepsy. And if we can eliminate that, surely it's possible to do the same in this case. Geneticists claim to have isolated the genes responsible for variations in sexuality and removed the trait from the next generation of Valids. (As a point of interest, they made the same assurance about alcoholism. You can judge for yourself how well that worked.) Homophobia exists as a complicated form of genoism. The crusaders who fought against this type of discrimination so many years ago are thought of with respect. They are remembered the same way as those who defended the rights of the crippled and insane – noble people, in an age where such things were an unavoidable part of life, but irrelevant in today's society. The number of homosexual and bisexual members of the population has plummeted with the rise of genetic engineering. The old estimate of ten percent has become ridiculous. The most cautious studies now suggest that it is closer to two. A cynical person might say that this has more to do with psychology than eugenics. Valids are raised to believe that attraction to their own sex is literally impossible for them. Like colour blindness or asthma, it just isn't in their genes. As for Invalids, though society doesn't particularly care what we do as long as we stay out of their way, there are those who prefer to avoid relationships that declare to the world \"My genes aren't worth passing on!\" I was one of this kind. I pursued socially acceptable relationships with Valid girls who didn't want to know me, determined to prove that I was the equal of any Valid in this respect as in all others. In many ways, this determination served me well in life. Without it, I could never have achieved all the impossible things I did. But as a price for that, my drive left me callous, selfish and lonely. That began to change shortly after I came back to Earth, when I did the most unselfish thing I'd ever done in my life. I kissed Eugene. Until that point, I'd been more or less solely for my own benefit. Very little in the world seemed to matter when compared with the desperate urge to fly, to explore, to escape . For so long, everything I did was for that all-consuming reason. But the tug on my heart when I saw him lying in that hospital bed, burned and broken and defeated, was beyond anything I'd ever felt before. It was like pain and anger and fear and pity and sorrow and betrayal and guilt. And love. And wanting. It seems bizarre that something I wanted so much could come to symbolise selflessness to me, even more so than saving a life. But in my defence, of all the things you usually want when you're kissing someone – like pleasure and closeness and sex, or co-operation, silence and an alibi – I wasn't thinking of any of them. This time all I wanted was for him to snap out of it, to start living again. I didn't even consider where I expected it to lead. It was simply the first way that popped into my mind to tell him I'm still here. But he kissed back, and the whole thing suddenly got a lot more complicated. It was no longer about me proving a point; or at least, not the point I'd intended. It was simply about kissing Eugene. While I'm not going to pretend that's something I'd never thought about before, it wasn't something I'd ever expected to actually happen. And certainly not like this. It was hard to read that ravaged face. Though it was clear that he was at least as stunned as I was by what had just happened, I had no way of telling what else he might be feeling. I didn't give him a chance to let me know. \"So,\" I said \"about those skin grafts ...\" As if it had just been another stage in our argument. There was a moment of sheer terror as I waited for him to respond. But then he sighed, and said \"OK. You win. I'll do it.\" \"You'll ...\" \"I'll get the goddamn skin grafts.\" \"Really?\" I had not expected it to be this easy. It was Eugene. After five years together, I could count the arguments I'd won on one hand. \"Yes, really. I'll talk to my doctor next time I see her. Do you want a blood oath?\" \"No.\" \"Was there anything else you wanted to say?\" There was, but I clamped down on that firmly before it could slip out. I'd already risked enough. He'd agreed to the treatment; it was time to quit while I was ahead. \"No, that's about it.\" \"Does that mean I can ask about your trip now?\" How could I possibly resist? My voyage into space was a topic I could happily spend hours on. But until now, I hadn't. Jerome Morrow was cool, casual, almost emotionless. He was dedicated to the success of the mission, but regarded it with the same impassive nonchalance he did everything else. There was nothing remarkable about it for him – it was simply the next step in his already impressive career. Vincent Freeman was the impassioned astronomy geek who watched a dozen launches a day, whose dreams had all come true when he finally took part in one himself. And Eugene was the only person who knew he existed. \"Was it all you hoped for?\" \"Yes. And more than I ever imagined.\" I told him all about it. About the awe-inspiring sight of the Earth falling away beneath us, then watching it shrink away until it was no more than a blue dot, finally disappearing altogether. About being contained in a tin can hurtling through the vacuum of space. About our path right through Saturn's rings, and sinking through the fog to land on Titan. And about the minutiae of life on the ship; the cramped quarters and the zero g. I'd thought of Eugene a lot while I was floating around up there. I'd once told him that he should be going instead of me, because it would mean his legs didn't matter. Now that I'd lived it, I couldn't quite bring myself to give the experience up, even hypothetically, even for him. But I still wanted that for him, more than ever before. \"I wish I could take you up and show you what it was like. It was fun. Turned your perception upside down and sideways and just scrambled it. It was like swimming, but with no resistance at all. The muscular atrophy was terrible, though. Even walking seemed hard when I got back, and the training sessions … I had a hell of job synthesising an appropriate heartbeat.\" \"Sorry I wasn't there to help.\" \"No, don't be. It wouldn't have made a difference. Your muscles were fine – inducing that level of stress would have been even more of a headache than mixing my heartbeat with your old recordings. I had to ask Lamar for help more than once.\" \"You told your doctor?\" \"He found out for himself. The first day he met me, as it turns out, though I didn't know he knew until five minutes before the launch. He was the one who told me you were here.\" \"I assumed he did. Though when he first came to question me, I thought he was more likely to tell the Hoovers … Are you sure he hasn't?\" \"I haven't been arrested. I call that a good sign.\" \"Then are you sure he's not going to? Or going to blackmail you with it?\" \"I'm sure. Lamar's on our side.\" \"No-one is ever really on our side except us. You can't trust him so much, Vincent. You shouldn't trust anyone.\" \"Do you realise how ironic it is to expect me to trust that statement?\" \"I meant anyone except me, and don't be flippant.\" \"You're trusting everyone in this hospital. They all know you as Jerome Morrow, even though your medical history says the opposite of what they can see with their own eyes ...\" \"I don't exactly have any choice in the matter. And German vouches for them.\" \"So you trust German?\" \"Not as far as I can throw him. But as long as we're paying him, and can expose him if it comes down to it, he's not going to get us caught.\" \"Neither is Lamar. Look, I vouch for him. If he wanted to turn me in, he would have done it a long time ago. He's a decent man. The closest thing I've had to a friend since I came back.\" \"What about that blonde girlfriend of yours? Or don't you talk to her outside the bedroom?\" \"I don't talk to Irene at all any more except about work. We split up.\" \"Why?\" \"Because I didn't love her. I was only dating her in the first place because she was helping the police with the murder investigation.\" \"Don't believe you.\" \"It's the truth. But I don't mean … it's not that every moment I spent with her was part of some plot. I liked her. She was smart and beautiful and it killed me to see how little she valued herself. At first it was about the investigation, but I really did end up caring about her. Just … not enough. Not enough for me to want to stay once I didn't need her any more.\" \"No. You wouldn't have spent your last night on Earth with her if you weren't in love with her -\" \"I wasn't with Irene that night, I was with Anton.\" \"You really must think I'm an idiot. I know you went to see him. Your girl was parked outside our building all night, then when you came staggering home, dripping wet, at four o'clock in the morning you joined her.\" You were looking out the window until four in the morning? \"What was I supposed to do, just leave her there without saying goodbye? I owed her more than that, after all she'd done for me. Besides, I don't know if I had the energy to make it inside. I might have stayed out there until dawn even if she wasn't there.\" \"I suppose so. It was too long ago to argue about now. And frankly, now you've brought it up I'm more curious about what happened before you passed out against her car. You said you had to meet him – but why?\" I hesitated. Though it had made perfect sense at the time, the thought of trying to explain that the only way to settle things had been to beat my brother in a swimming race was a daunting prospect. But if anyone in the world would understand (or, at least, refrain from questioning my sanity), it would be Eugene. \"We were … sort of racing. In the ocean. To prove that I didn't need any help from him, and remind him that he needed my help last time we tried it. It's something we did when we were kids. We'd swim out as far as we could and see who was the first to turn back.\" Eugene stared at me incredulously for a long time, no doubt thinking of just how many hours we'd spent out there, before he finally dissolved into laughter. \"German was right,\" he gasped when he could speak again. \"We are perfect for each other. Who else is there that thinks a swimming contest is worth dying for?\" No-one I'd ever met. And, perhaps even more importantly, I couldn't think of anyone else who'd find that statement remotely funny. But there we were, sitting in a hospital near hysterical with laughter over our mutual disregard for our lives. And that should have disturbed or saddened me, at least on some level, but it didn't. It just felt good to be with Eugene again, to take off the mask, to laugh with someone because we both thought the same thing was funny. \"I missed you,\" I said once we'd regained a little composure – or, possibly, run out of breath. \"I wish I had my legs back.\" The strangeness of this stunned me back into seriousness. In all the time we'd known each other, I'd never heard him say that before. \"I want to swim again,\" he continued. \"We could race ...\" An image flashed into my mind. Like a memory of that final night, but this time the man who stood beside me on the beach was Eugene. We were laughing, much like we had been a few moments ago, and there was no hint of the grim tension that had always been there during my contests with Anton. The air crackled with something entirely unlike sibling rivalry as we stripped off our clothes and plunged into the ocean. The pragmatist in me put an abrupt end to that daydream. I shook my head firmly. \"Not a chance,\" I said. \"I was a match for my brother, but you were an Olympian . I know I'm an arrogant bastard, but even I don't think that highly of myself.\" \"I'd go easy on you.\" We sat in melancholy silence for a while, acutely aware of how impossible the scenario we were discussing really was. \"I've been talking about myself ever since I got here,\" I said, in a terribly ill thought out attempt to lighten the mood. \"How have you been?\" Eugene gave me his classic 'How can you possibly be this stupid?' look. (At least, I assume he did. I couldn't detect much expression under the scars. But the air felt like one of those looks.) \"Every day is agony.\" \"Right. Of course. Why did it take until now for you to decide on the skin grafts? Even if you aren't interested in rehabilitation, it'd help with the pain.\" \"I was hoping the pain medication would build up in my system and kill me.\" The answer I should have expected hit me like a blow to the stomach. His voice sounded almost apologetic as he said \"I won't lie to you.\" He'd seen the stricken look on my face, and thought it was because his reasoning bothered me. He was wrong. His attitude was upsetting, but I counted the fact that I was finally acknowledging that as a good thing. What bothered me was the memory of all the times he'd said something like this before (usually while drunk, granted, but in vino veritas ) and I'd brushed it off. In particular, I was thinking of one night in the week leading up to the mission. He'd told me about his suicide attempt and added 'If at first you don't succeed …' I'd just told him to go to sleep. Then I came back and had the nerve to act surprised about finding him in here. For some reason, the guilt made me want to kiss him again. \"What changed?\" \"You came in and yelled at me.\" Spoken as if that answer was not only reasonable, but obvious. The urge to kiss him became nearly overwhelming, and I was attempting to remind myself that there was no place I could touch without hurting him (a consideration I'd overlooked last time) when a nurse cracked the door open and informed us of the time. I seized the excuse with both hands, and practically fled the room.[Chapter 4] A/N: As you may have guessed from the new rating, this chapter contains scenes of a sexual nature. Tread cautiously (or gleefully, according to preference.) Sorry about the long wait, hopefully the fact that this is the longest chapter so far will make up for it a little. Oh, and 'Waiting' is now Chapter 5. Because I like messing with you, that's why. Vincent didn't come back the next morning. I was irrationally disappointed at first, but quickly deduced that if he'd been here the last two days, this was probably Monday. I'd done more talking over the last weekend than I had in the previous two years, and it had left me feeling sociable. I nodded a greeting to the little nurse who came in to check on me. She looked so utterly thrilled that I felt almost ashamed. \"Good morning, Mr Morrow! How are you today?\" I stared at her in silence, trying to think of a way to respond that wouldn't reduce her to tears again. The girl was too soft for this job. But apparently she'd grown since our encounter last week. Barely two seconds passed before she bit her lip and muttered \"Have to stop saying that at work. Never mind. Do you want anything?\" \"I want to see Ingrid Cowper. Can you organise it?\" \"I can probably manage something,\" she said hesitantly. \"Is she a friend of yours?\" \"She's a burns specialist. I think I'm officially her patient, but I haven't seen her for a while now.\" \"Oh! Sorry, I'm new, I don't know all the doctors' names yet. Of course, I can do that. I'll call her today and set up an appointment for you.\" \"Thank you.\" \"No problem at all, Mr Morrow.\" A few hours later, a nurse who I vaguely recalled was named Evelyn informed me that Dr Cowper would be coming to see me the next day at two. Then left. I hadn't realised until now just how long the days were, or how much of them I spent alone. My mind drifted as I lay there waiting for the time to pass, and settled on Irene. Vincent's girlfriend … or not. Pleasant as that news was, it was quite a shock. For most of our history together, I would have accepted it without question if Vincent had told me he was dating a girl to get information out of her. In fact, that was probably the only reason I would have believed. But because he'd gone out of his way to spend his last week on Earth with her and, more to the point, lied to me about it, I'd thought Irene must be special. I'd been convinced that he really was in love with the sombre blonde woman. I'd been glad. Jealous as all hell, but on balance, glad. The knowledge that he'd have someone with him when he came back, that he wouldn't be alone, had chased away the last of my scruples about my plan. I eventually fell asleep. It was late afternoon before a nurse fiddling around with the various tubes and gadgets attached to me woke me up. It was the same one from this morning. She smiled hesitantly when she saw I was awake. \"Hi there. Did you hear about your appointment?\" \"Yes. I want you to do something for me.\" \"What is it?\" \"Call someone and tell him about it.\" \"Sure thing. What's his name?\" I looked at her coldly. \"Does that matter?\" \"Well, yes, a little bit.\" I didn't say anything, and after a while she sighed and said \"It's not that important. What's the number?\" I told her as she picked up the phone beside my bed. (God only knows why they put it there, as it should be obvious to anyone looking at me that I'm not capable of picking it up, let alone holding it to my ear.) \"Hello. This is Bethany from St Roch's Hospital. I'm calling to let you know that Jerome Morrow has an appointment with a burns specialist tomorrow at 2 pm.\" She hung up. \"It was an answering machine.\" \"I know.\" \"Do you mind telling me why you suddenly want to see Dr Cowper? Not that you have to, I'm just curious, I suppose...\" \"I want to discuss treatment.\" Bethany's smile was practically blinding. \"That's wonderful !\" She gushed at me until a patient down the hall mercifully pressed his call button. She waved as she left the room. I was beginning to think I'd preferred her when she was afraid of me. The next day, Vincent arrived fifteen minutes before Ingrid Cowper did. \"What are you doing here?\" \"This is the right time, isn't it?\" \"Yes, but I didn't expect you to come!\" \"Then why tell me about it?\" Good question. \"So you couldn't accuse me of breaking my word.\" He rolled his eyes at me. \"Trust is a wonderful thing in a relationship, isn't it ...\" \"Don't you have a job to be at?\" \"I told them there was a family crisis I had to deal with.\" \"Is that wise? If they decided to check up on you - \" \"Yes, I know,\" he said irritably. \"I can handle it.\" Bethany stepped in. \"I'm so sorry, sir, but I'm afraid you can't stay. It's not our policy to let guests be present during consultations with doctors. Unless they're family, of course.\" \"I am.\" \"OK.\" She held up a portable ident-check. \"Could I just get you to confirm that?\" Don't look alarmed. That's the crucial thing. \"You can put that away, we're not related,\" I said. \"He's my partner.\" \"Oh.\" Bethany blinked at us a few times before finally pulling herself together. \"Yes, that's … that's all right, I suppose. Yes. Um … Dr Cowper will be here in a few minutes, I'll just – um.\" She stared intently at the clipboard in her hands and fell silent. Vincent and I met each other's eyes over her shoulder. What I could see behind his Jerome face was mostly relief. Good. I'd saved him, he had no right to object to the way I did it. It was the only way. And anyway, it was true. We'd been partners in crime for years now. Dr Cowper didn't question his presence when she arrived. Her reaction when I told her what I wanted was, thankfully, nowhere near as exuberant as Bethany's. She seemed both pleased and irritated, and wanted to know why I hadn't let her do it two years ago, before the scar tissue had a chance to build up. I had no answer to give, but she didn't press for one. \"This is usually where I'd go over the theory of what I plan to do, but you've already heard the spiel plenty of times.\" \"I haven't,\" said Vincent. \"Could you explain again?\" \"Of course.\" She looked at him for the first time since she'd come in. \"In the early days of this procedure, swathes of skin would be taken from another area of the body and grafted onto the site of the injury. But as you can see, that's of limited usefulness in cases like this. Doctors experimented with artificial skin and donations from animals or other people, but common practice now is to grow the required skin in a lab from samples of healthy skin cells. Though in your case, Jerome, finding any of those could present some difficulty.\" There was more than she could ever need back at home in carefully labelled test tubes. But I wasn't going to tell her so. For one thing, I was almost certain that she already knew that, and just wanted to see if we'd offer up the information. For another, she wouldn't have been harassing me about this procedure so persistently if there was a chance she couldn't do it. Her eyes moved from me back to Vincent once it became clear that I wasn't playing along. I could have laughed at her if that wouldn't have spoiled the whole charade. He wasn't going to crack any more easily. My friend has one hell of a poker face. He has to. Sure enough, a smile flashed in her eyes before she continued smoothly \"I think our best bet is inside the ear canal. Now, including the time taken to grow the new skin, this procedure usually takes around three to four weeks to complete. Considering the sheer number of grafts we'll be attempting on you, we'll have to at least double that time. And of course, the risks are -\" \"I know.\" \"I don't. Go on, Dr Cowper.\" So she began her list. Infection. Blood loss. My body rejecting the transplant. She assured him that these issues were preventable with proper care. The only exception was the last, but the risk of rejection was drastically reduced by using my own tissue. And they would begin their work on my legs, the parts I could most afford to damage, in case of any complications. \"There is one other issue. It's more … cosmetic than anything else. The skin on one's lips has an entirely different composition than that on the rest of the body, and I'm afraid I won't be able to find any undamaged samples of those cells.\" \"I think I can help you with that,\" said Vincent. \"Twins have the same genetic code, right? I could contact Eugene, ask him to send some samples. I'm sure he'd be willing to help.\" \"That would be an ideal solution,\" said Ingrid, almost warmly. She handed Vincent her card. \"Have them sent to my lab at this address. Well – that about covers all we need to for the time being. I'll be in touch. And might I say, I'm very glad you've finally agreed to this.\" She departed. Once I was sure she was gone, I commented \"A twin brother. Nice save.\" \"You too, with … arranging for me to stay.\" By saying that you were my partner. The nurse thinks we're a couple. Because I told her so. Does that bother you? Considering the fact that you kissed me two days ago and haven't said a word about it since? I couldn't bring myself to actually say any of that. As I was being prepared for the first of my many surgeries, Evelyn said abruptly \"I feel like I should thank you.\" \"For what?\" \"For Beth. You've restored her faith in humanity.\" \"Did I? It was quite unintentional.\" That sounded sarcastic, but I was honestly surprised. I hadn't given much thought to Bethany at all, and if it had come up I certainly wouldn't have thought she had any deficit in faith. \"She's a sweet young girl who wants to save the world, and thought she could because she had no idea what a dark place it really is. She cares for you. She cares for all her patients, of course, and her colleagues and most people she passes on the street, but her heart broke for you, for the pain she couldn't save you from even if you'd let her. Meeting you proved to her that life isn't about sunshine and happiness, and that terrible things happen that can't be undone. And now you've shown her that there's still hope.\" I shifted uncomfortably. There wasn't much I could say to the revelation that my ever chirpy little nurse had actual feelings. That she meant it when she smiled at me and offered help. \"I didn't mean to,\" I said at last. \"I ...\" I like her, I'd meant to say, but I wasn't sure if that was true. She irritated me. \"Bethany's a nice girl, but I never meant to give her any epiphanies. I really couldn't care less about her faith in humanity.\" \"She cares about you,\" repeated Evelyn. She was older than Beth, and her smile more world weary and amused. \"Whether you meant it to happen or not, the fact that you go on living is vitally important to her.\" \"That's going around,\" I said glumly. Evelyn chuckled. \"I know,\" she said. \"Poor Jerome – it must be such a burden, being surrounded by all these people who care whether you live or die. It's almost like you're part of the human race!\" She was mocking me. But it was true. The weight of their concern was threatening to crush me. It was disconcerting to realise that my decisions weren't just my decisions, that what I did with my life could have more than superficial effects for other people. It wasn't that I hadn't thought about Vincent when I was planning my demise. On the contrary. But once I'd prepared all the samples and arranged not to be found, I thought that was the extent of my obligation to him. It hadn't occurred to me that he'd be upset. And of course, I realised now that he'd had a right to be – I'd lied to him and abandoned him – but Bethany? Ingrid? I'd never done a thing to them except make their jobs more difficult, and yet they still cared . It was baffling. And overwhelming. Two gruelling months later, it was all over. I looked like a human being again, I was ready to leave St Roch's and I didn't hurt at all. This last part was particularly astonishing. In the two years I'd been here I'd almost forgotten what the absence of pain was like. Ingrid clasped my hands warmly and Bethany hugged me the day I left. I didn't object – they'd been good to me, and I wasn't so far gone that I could fail to appreciate the show of affection from two attractive women. But, although my new skin was all but screaming for human contact, it wasn't them I wanted to touch. Vincent stood in the doorway, watching the goodbye scene with a faintly amused smile. He'd been here for at least an hour every day during my recovery. We'd quickly fallen back into the habit of shared lives and easy companionship, and had never mentioned that kiss again. But it had been on my mind almost constantly, the answer whenever I wondered why I was putting myself through this. \"Ready to go?\" he said when Beth finally released me. We headed out to the carpark together, and I wished I new what had happened to my old chair. The one I'd been provided with just wasn't the same. The wheels kept sticking. By the time we were halfway to the car I was struggling, and Vincent stepped behind me and took the handles. He pushed it easily, almost effortlessly, and I realised the problem wasn't the chair. It was my arms. They'd all but wasted away after two years of inactivity. Considering the state of my legs, I was a little surprised by how much that bothered me. \"I could show you some of the exercises they taught us after we came back,\" he said. \"They're designed to get your muscles back to normal as quickly as possible. I think I've got all the equipment you'd need at home.\" I was a little irritated that he'd put my thoughts into words like that. But because I knew that wasn't rational, I just gritted my teeth and thanked him. I saw him barely stop himself from welcoming me into my own home when we walked through the door. And before he had a chance to think of anything else to say, I jumped in. \"It's time we talked about what happened at the hospital.\" \"What?\" \"Don't insult me, you know what I'm talking about. That kiss.\" \"Right.\" He turned to face me, with obvious reluctance. \"We're not ignoring that anymore?\" \"No, we're not. Well?\" He just hesitated, and I decided to make it easier for him. \"Was it supposed to be a bribe?\" \"What? No! You think I'd do that?\" I shrugged. \"It wasn't something I planned. I don't know why I did it. To shut you up, maybe, or prove a point. But nothing like that.\" I would have accepted it if he'd said yes. I'd have been a little offended on principle, but not enough to stop me from collecting. Still, I was glad that it was … like this. I reached for his hand, but lost my nerve at the last moment and settled on his wrist instead. Despite the fact that I'd been doing this in my imagination for a very long time, the reality was new to me, and still a little strange. I'd touched him before, of course – the nature and duration of our relationship meant we'd long since passed the point where embarrassment about each other's bodies would be ludicrous – but only ever for practical reasons. \"You can't just kiss me to win an argument,\" I said. \"I know.\" \"As long as that's clear.\" I tugged at his wrist, gently at first then more forcefully when he didn't seem to understand, and pulled him down to my height. Once I could reach, I kissed him. The newly repaired skin of my lips wasn't used to this kind of stimulation, and a soft, moist mouth pressed against my own left my mind completely, dizzyingly blank. It only lasted a few seconds before Vincent pulled away. \"Weren't you just saying we shouldn't do that?\" \"I said not just to win an argument.\" The worried look on his face faded into a smile, one of the largest I'd ever seen from him. His frantic enthusiasm as he covered my mouth with his dispelled any remaining concerns that I'd somehow misread this thing between us, and I responded in kind. I slid my tongue along his lips, and felt his brush against it just as a sharp jerk went through his body. \"Was that ...\" I began uncertainly, but he quickly shook his head. \"My leg started to cramp from bending down like this,\" he explained. Settling back on his heels, he looked at me contemplatively, like I was one of those horrific equations he used to spend so much time on. A solution seemed to fall into place and, a little awkwardly, he climbed into the chair, arranging his legs on either side of mine. He ended up half kneeling on the seat, half sitting on my lap. \"Is this all right?\" \"Very.\" His face was very close, but he didn't try to move any closer. Instead he just said, with something like amazement, \"You're a Valid.\" Didn't he know by now that as far as I was concerned, rules just didn't apply to him? It might have been understandable if I'd been disturbed by feeling so drawn to another man, at least in the beginning, but that had never been an issue. My obsession with Vincent had been a simply a fact of life to me for almost as long as we'd known each other; it had seemed only natural that it would flow into this area too. \"Well, it isn't as if this is the most low-gene thing I could do. The relationship we already have is still worse. It'd be a little pointless to start worrying about what's appropriate now .\" \"Fair point.\" I looked at him thoughtfully. \" You're an Invalid.\" \"I was pretending not to be.\" He pushed a strand of hair away from my face as he added \"Pretending got harder after I met you.\" That was enough talking for the time being. I wrapped my arms around his waist and leaned forward to kiss him. And although this felt much more intimate than what we'd been doing a few minutes ago, there was nothing strange about it. I hadn't expected it to be bad, but from the way people whispered about this sort of thing (a mental illness, a hormonal imbalance … something I was supposed to be immune to, at any rate), I'd assumed it would be somewhat disconcerting. It wasn't. Vincent's lean body seemed to fit perfectly in my arms. After a long round of increasingly passionate kissing, I suggested \"Bedroom?\" \"Yes.\" He slid off my lap and took hold of the handles again. \"I never thought this would actually happen.\" \"Really? I've been thinking of nothing else for the past two months.\" Once we reached my room, I pulled myself onto the bed as he began to undress. I told myself not to stare, then realised that was stupid and stared freely. I eventually managed to tear my eyes away long enough to remove my own shirt. He came to sit on the bed, and tugged my pants off. His expression changed. \"Is something wrong?\" he said. Strange, I was about to ask him the same question. \"No. Why?\" He didn't answer, and there were several seconds of confused silence before his eyes dropped to my crotch. I realised what the problem was. God, it really had been much too long if I'd forgotten about that. \"Same thing that's been wrong with me for the past seven years.\" \"Oh.\" He looked at me blankly for a while, then lay down next to me. Not touching me. With about a foot of space between us and his hands over his face. I waited in case he just needed a moment, but he didn't move. \"I didn't say I didn't want to have sex,\" I said. \"Isn't that impossible?\" \"No. The therapist they foisted on me after the accident kept saying that my sex life was only over if I wanted it to be.\" No need to tell him that conversation had ended with me throwing a glass of water at her. I could see her point now. \"And I don't want it to be. There are things we can do that don't require ...\" My voice trailed off as he shook his head. \"I can't … I'm not a rapist, Eugene.\" \"Good to know. I'm not a bank robber. Now we've got that off our chests, can we get on with it?\" \"I'm serious. I don't want to use you.\" \"That's ridiculous. You do nothing but use me, it's the whole premise of our relationship.\" I saw him wince and wanted to kick myself. That was probably the worst thing I could possibly have said. \"Sorry. It's not … I don't mind . It is what I signed up for.\" \"Maybe. But this isn't.\" \"That's probably a good thing. If this was mentioned in our contract it'd make at least one of us a prostitute.\" There might be advantages. He wouldn't be able to get out of it, for one thing. \"Want to write a new clause?\" For a moment he looked as if he was about to laugh. \"No.\" \"I don't see why this has to be such a problem. I know you've slept with women; surely none of them were sporting erections.\" It occurred to me as I was saying it that I knew nothing of the sort – I only had evidence that he'd slept with one woman, and even that looked less certain than it had a few months ago. Interesting, but not immediately relevant , I decided, pushing the thought aside. \"That's not the point. They could at least feel what was going on – they could orgasm! That's kind of important, don't you think?\" I felt like he'd hit me. It was one thing to privately shake my fists at the sky over what I'd lost when I broke my back. To have it thrown in my face by the man I – by my – by someone I trusted, the first person who'd looked at me without pity after the accident … that was different. And it hurt. \"Fuck. I'm sorry, Eugene. God, that was such a stupid thing to say. I just meant … it feels wrong. Selfish. When I'd enjoy it so much, but it wouldn't do anything for you.\" I went temporarily deaf as he reached over to touch me. There was nothing sexual about the way he gripped my arms, still talking, his eyes warm and concerned; but my new skin was extremely sensitive and the feel of his slightly roughened palms rubbing against it made me ache inside. \"... were right, I'm always using you. But I don't want to do that anymore. You've already given me so much, and I know you said you got the better end of the deal but I just can't believe that, and I can't let you do this for me too.\" He clearly meant it. There ought to be a word for moments like this, when you want to punch someone and suck his dick at the same time. \"That is the stupidest thing I've ever heard you say. I've had more than enough time to come to terms with the fact that I'll never do that again. Why does that mean I have to give up all the other aspects of sex? Or that you have to give up anything?\" The look on his face made me reconsider that line of argument. At the moment he seemed positively eager to give something up. \"You're not being selfless here Vincent, you're being condescending! Who the hell are you to tell me what I can and can't do? What I shouldn't want? I'm paralysed, not dead. I still have eyes and hormones and feelings and it's been two years since I could touch anyone without pain! Do me the courtesy of listening to me when I say I want you!\" I fell silent as understanding dawned on me. The shell-shocked looked on his face as I listed my reasons for wanting to do this made it painfully obvious that none of them had even occurred to him. He'd only been thinking of sex, for the most basic motives. \"Oh. I see.\" I tried to keep my voice normal. I'm not sure how well I succeeded. \"If it isn't just about getting off, if it's about the energy and intimacy and emotional pleasure, it can't just be fucking. It might actually mean something, God forbid.\" \"Where did you get that?\" His grip on my arms tightened. \"It's you and me. Of course it's going to mean something.\" He kissed me, almost tentatively, then drew back with a rueful sigh. \"This isn't going well. Do you want to forget about it for a while? Get drunk for now, and try this again tomorrow?\" \"Do you?\" I pressed my lips against his, simply because it occurred to me that I could. His eyes fluttered closed. \"No, not really.\" He rolled over to lie on top of me, and kissed my neck. I couldn't suppress a gasp. \"What?\" \"I love modern medicine,\" I said fervently. \"This skin they made me is incredible.\" He laughed, and tension I'd barely noticed was there seemed to fade. Perhaps he'd finally realised that I could enjoy this after all. That was the last moderately coherent thought I had for a while. I don't know how long we spent like that, pressed close together, kissing and stroking and caressing. It felt wonderful. After some time, I became vaguely aware that while I was touching every part of Vincent I could reach, his hands stayed strictly above my waist. And though I was moved by his consideration, I didn't want him to hold back. \"You can touch below my waist if you want to.\" \"I am. Just not with my hands.\" He smiled slightly at my confusion (in my defence, the situation was making it rather hard for me to think) and said \"Look down.\" Our legs were twined together, with my thigh between his own. I wished desperately for a moment that I could feel that. I stared down at my foot, as if I could use telekinesis to rub it against the scar on his calf. \"Besides,\" he continued, \"there's nothing wrong with above your waist.\" He brushed a thumb over my nipple. A very good distraction. What-ifs and might-have-beens abandoned ship. \"How did they do this?\" \"They used the skin from my lips.\" Bending his head down, he kissed it. I actually whimpered as his tongue flicked out, and felt his lips curve into a smile. \"Yeah, feels the same,\" he said, far too matter-of-factly. I reached between his legs and gently squeezed. He gave a strangled gasp, and his eyes snapped shut as I began rhythmically stroking up and down. \"Turn over. Lie on your back,\" I said. He did so, and I used my elbows to drag myself down the bed. Gripping his hipbones, I took him in my mouth. He groaned softly. \"God, Jerome ...\" I couldn't remember the last time he'd called me that. I wasn't sure if I liked it or not. I'd never done this before, but I'd been in Vincent's position often enough to give me a fair idea of what to do. And I judged from the wordless sounds he was making that I was managing quite well. His breathing sped up and became more erratic, and I felt the muscles in his abdomen tense beneath my hands. Then, with a cry of \"Eugene!\" he was coming. I tasted salt, swallowed, and pulled away. I crawled back up the bed to lie beside him. He slung an arm across my chest and pressed a kiss to my collar bone. Running my hands over his back, I idly wondered how many of the skin cells he so carefully scraped off tomorrow would be mine. He was still breathing heavily, with a dazed, blissful smile on his face. After the fight we'd had leading up to this, I'd wondered if I'd feel resentful about that. To my relief, I didn't. A little smug, maybe. Mostly just content. \"No-one's done that before,\" he said. \"You've led a deprived life.\" \"Oh. No, I just meant … in my experience, people spit into a test tube afterwards.\" \"I don't need to have you sectioned. I already know everything about you.\" \"I love you.\" And with that, the simple happiness I'd been basking in disappeared, just as if I'd had a bucket of cold water thrown on me. I was in the unique and unenviable position of being unable to say those words back to him both because my own feelings were too strong, and because they were nowhere near enough. It would terrify Vincent to know how much he meant to me. I knew that with a cold certainty. He was the only thing in life that I could honestly say I wanted. The only thing that could interest me, or make any of it seem to matter. Everything I'd done from the day we met had been, in one way or another, motivated by him. I couldn't imagine spending my life with anyone else – but it was more than that. I couldn't imagine my life at all unless it was with him. I was obsessed with him. But I still had enough sense to know that no-one in their right mind would call that love. It was just a symptom of how truly damaged I was. He must have felt me freeze up. Twisting his head up to look at me, he asked \"You still there, Eugene? Shouldn't I have said that?\" I could only shake my head. If he was telling the truth – and if I knew him at all, there was little reason to doubt that – it was the best thing anyone had ever said to me. \"Say whatever you want.\" Damn it, that came out wrong. \"I was … glad. To hear it.\" If that was the closest I was going to get to an 'I love you too', it was pathetic. Try again. \"You make me feel...\" But I trailed off helplessly. I was not good at this. A sad smile flickered across his face. \"Yeah. You make me feel too.\" Instead of looking for an answer to thar, I just hugged him. Though that wasn't what I'd been trying to say, it was exactly what I meant. The fact that Vincent understood … well, it went to show that there were good reasons for him to occupy my every waking thought. Maybe it wasn't love, but it was close enough that the difference didn't seem worth worrying about anymore.[Chapter 5] A/N: Another chapter? I'm as surprised as you are. Thanks to my reviewers for convincing me to go on with this – you have magic idea sparking powers. Literally half an hour after I told Dorren Golde that the story really is complete and may or may not ever have a sequel, this popped into my mind. I've removed the \"Could be taken as friendship\" part from the summary because that's no longer the case. There's nothing graphic, but no amount of squinting can make this look like it's not slash. Just a heads up for anyone who's not into that. It's almost midnight, and I can't sleep. I absent-mindedly run my hand down Eugene's chest. It's almost a compulsion for me nowadays. His new skin is still shockingly smooth and soft – like a baby's, I'd imagine, though he'd kill me if I ever said so. Technically, it is baby skin. Grown at the hospital from samples of his cells just a few months ago. It's strangely fitting for him to be getting a new life as mine winds to a close. As the thought crosses my mind, I reach for my wrist to feel my pulse. That's Irene's tic, not mine – I used to chastise her for it during the time we dated. Now I finally understand why she does it. I wasn't expecting to die this way. To have to wait for it. In all honesty, I always thought I'd die in space. I wasn't planning on it or anything, the way Eugene did. I wanted to live. Just not as much as I wanted to be among the stars. Back when I was applying to aerospace programs under my own name, they usually just said no. That I wasn't suitable – Invalid. But there was one man who seemed to like me and went out of his way to explain. He said it wasn't genoism. That if it was just a matter of determination and intelligence he'd be proud to have me on his team. The fact was, however, that someone with my heart was not physically capable of space travel. I'd never be able to make it. I'd die . When I said I'd risk it, he just shook his head. But I meant it. I'd pay whatever price it took to get me into space, and if that price happened to be my death, it would still be worth it. Somewhere along the line, the willingness to die turned into the conviction that I would. When I found myself out of Earth's orbit and on my way to Titan and still alive , the relief was incredible. I had walked through the valley of the shadow of death and come out the other side. I didn't let it show, of course, but I cried a little that first night in my bunk, and kissed the lock of hair Eugene had given me. I already knew, at that point, that I was in love with him. It had hit me as I listened to him impersonating me (or himself) to the Hoovers. I might have told him so when I came up the stairs, but Irene was there, so I didn't. And I didn't afterwards either, both because I was somehow dating her, and because I only had a few days left on Earth. It didn't seem worth it, when I didn't think I was going to see either of them again. It was only as I prepared to leave the planet that I realised how much I wanted to stay, and the discovery that I could go back, that I could have a life and a career in space, was a blessing I'd never expected to receive. Theses days I'm more inclined to think it was a curse. I was ready to die. Now I'm terrified to. My head comes to rest on his chest, above his heart. I don't want to lose this. I want to wake up with Eugene lying next to me tomorrow morning and all the mornings after that as much as I ever wanted to see Titan. Lub-dub. Lub-dub. Jerome, Jerome, the metronome. I've always loved this sound. It's what I cling to during those torture sessions they call workouts. But the contrast between this steady beat and the feeble skittering of my own pulse isn't much of a comfort tonight. I slip out of the bed and go to the living room. The clock glows bright in the darkness – 2349. Not long now. I try not to watch the clock. I look out the window instead, towards the beach. I can still see the red numbers reflected in the glass. \"Do you have any idea what time it is, Vincent?\" I almost jump. I hadn't heard him come in. \"It's 2352,\" I answer, and see him realise. \"I forgot.\" He wheels over to my side. \"Why didn't you wake me?\" \"I didn't see the point. It's not as if you know that much about ...\" \"Dying? Believe it or not, I've had a little experience in that area.\" \"About waiting to die.\" \"Well -\" \"No. What could you possibly know about it?\" Most normal people don't use the last minutes of their lives to pick fights with the ones they love. But I can't stop the words coming out. \"It's different for you. Every time you faced death it was because you ran to meet it. Your life expectancy is … God, Eugene, you'll practically live forever. You'll never have to face a death you don't want, that you'd give anything to ...\" \"I know enough about it to know that time slows down. And in the instant between taking the step and feeling it begin there's enough time to imagine every agonising detail and start to wonder if life was really all that bad compared to what you just signed up for.\" His voice is oddly gentle as he says \"I did want death, but I know what it's like to be afraid of dying.\" Then his arm is around me and I'm leaning into him, hanging on with all my strength and wishing I never had to let go. \"What are you gonna do?\" I find myself asking. \"What else? Chuck you in the incinerator. We can't afford to leave any evidence lying around.\" \"Could you be serious?\" \"Why on earth would I do that? This whole thing is ridiculous. You're not dying tonight.\" We don't talk for the next few minutes. When the clock finally clicks over to 0000 I let out a breath I hadn't realised I was holding. \"Told you so,\" says Eugene, and kisses my cheek. \"Happy birthday. Now let's go back to bed.\" \"I'm not dead,\" I say. I shouldn't be so shocked about that. \"Of course not,\" he snaps. \"Did you really think thirty year old technology could predict someone's death down to the minute? What?\" He must have felt me go rigid. \"I was born at 6:18.\" \"What time zone?\" I actually try to remember before he growls \"For God's sake!\" and I laugh. \"It's superstition. I know.\" But that doesn't mean I'll be able to fall asleep before I've survived the next six hours and eighteen minutes. Or that after that, I won't spend the rest of the year just waiting for my heart to give out. I used to be so good at ignoring this. Now that the deadline is string me in the face, it's getting harder to pretend I don't have a time bomb in my chest. \"Vincent. Look at me.\" Eugene's eyes have gone hard and intense. \"It doesn't matter how accurate the machines were. They're wrong . You're not going to die. I've never met anyone, Valid or not, with a heart like yours. That doctor of yours will tell you if you don't believe me. You've been to space. You go through Gattaca training sessions every week and no-one there can keep up with you. You're fine. You know all this.\" \"I guess I do. Still … thank you.\" I kiss him. Things progress steadily for the next few minutes until he pulls back. \"I'm not saying I object,\" he says \"but don't you have to get in early tomorrow … uh, today?\" \"I called in dead.\" \"You didn't really think that you'd ...\" \"No, not really. I just figured that whatever happened tonight, I wouldn't feel much like working afterwards.\" \"Jerome Morrow skipping work. The world must be coming to an end.\" \"Apparently not.\" I'd tried not to believe what the world told me. I'd said they had no idea what my limits were, and been proven right. Still, whenever I pictured my future it had never gone beyond thirty. Dying young was a fact of life for me – just as, I imagine, glorious success was a fact of life for Eugene. Neither of us had gotten what we expected from life. But I, at least, had gotten everything I wanted. And now the future ahead of us is a blank slate – no more dreams to chase or private mountains to scale, no sword of Damocles dangling over my head. Just years of endless possibilities. There's nothing we couldn't do. After all, we're Jerome Morrow.[Chapter 6] When he walked through the door, Vincent barely glanced at me before striding through to the kitchen. I groaned silently. I knew that look. Last time it had appeared, it was because someone at Gattaca had been beaten to death with his own keyboard. After taking a moment to mourn the dream I'd briefly cherished of a peaceful life, I followed him. I watched in silence as he poured a drink and bolted it down. \"How was your day?\" I asked eventually. \"Well.\" He exhaled slowly. \"They offered to send me back up.\" \"Oh.\" My eyes went to the bottle in front of him – could he be celebrating rather than panicking? I poured a glass for myself. \"Congratulations. What's the mission?\" \"A twenty-six month research voyage to Oberon.\" I took a deep swallow to put off answering for a second or two. It burned on the way down my throat. My tolerance for this stuff had been severely reduced after two years of enforced abstinence. My voice was pleasingly normal as I said \"For those of us who aren't intimately familiar with the solar system?\" \"It's the outermost moon of Uranus. Ninth largest moon in the solar system. They want to look for a layer of liquid water surrounding the core.\" \"Would that be a significant find?\" He gave a slight shrug. \"To the scientists who suggested it, at least.\" I nodded as I lifted the glass to my lips again. I wasn't sure what else there was to say. Twenty-six months … \"I'm going to turn it down.\" My head snapped up. \"Why would you do that?\" \"Because I don't want to go.\" \"It's space travel. Of course you want to go, it's all you've ever wanted.\" \"That's not quite true. It was all I wanted for a long time, but lately I've found a lot to want down here too.\" \"As much as you want what's up there? You look at the stars every night.\" \"But right now I'm looking at you.\" He reached out to take my hand. \"I'm OK with giving up space travel if it means I get to keep this.\" It all fell into place, and I finally understood why he was doing this. After what had happened last time he went up, it made sense that he'd be wary of leaving Earth again. I clasped his hand in return. \"I'll still be here when you get back,\" I promised. Though I had wondered how I would survive for more than two years without him, it was a purely rhetorical question. I could wait for as long as I had to. \"And what if I don't come back?\" There was no easy answer to that. I knew what he wanted me to say – it was what I wanted to say too. I'd undergone a fairly radical change in perspective over the last few months, and I sincerely wanted to be the kind of person who could choose to bear the slings and arrows of outrageous misfortune. Not only was suicide (in my experience) extremely painful and very difficult to get right, it was one of the most cowardly and selfish acts a person could commit. I thought of Howard, the Good Samaritan who'd burned his arms beating the flames out of my clothes, watching from next door as my body was carried away. Of Ingrid burying her face in her hands and reflecting on the countless, hopeless hours of work she'd put into making me whole again. Of Beth weeping uncontrollably, her kind heart and her illusions of a just world shattered. But then I thought of sitting alone in this room as Vincent's death was reported on the news. Of spending the rest of my life – and oh God, it would be a long life – without him, without his voice and his touch and his taste. Of never experiencing his body fitting perfectly against mine as we lay in bed, the weight of his arms around me or our fingers tangled together again. Really, in a world like that I might as well be dead. \"I don't know,\" I admitted quietly. \"I'd rather we never have to find out,\" he said. \"Why should we risk it? My mother and her friends used to tell me I'd forget about being an astronaut the day I got a girlfriend. And they were obviously wrong about the 'girl' part, but ...\" \"Vincent, I want you to think about this very carefully,\" I interrupted. \"Are you telling me that your lifelong ambition was just a case of blue balls?\" \"Of course not. That's ridiculous.\" \"So what are you trying to say?\" \"A lot of kids go through that kind of obsession with what they want to be when they grow up, but most people end up channelling at least some of that drive into things like … well, having a social life. Making friends, falling in love. Maybe it's time I moved on to a more grown-up dream instead of clinging to this one. I mean, what did you want to be when you were six?\" \"An Olympic gold medallist.\" \"Should have seen that coming,\" he muttered. \"But maybe that proves my point. You didn't get that, but your life is still -\" \"I stepped in front of a car,\" I reminded him icily. \"I climbed into an incinerator and pulled the switch. I spent two years hiding from the world in an underground hospital. You do not want to be anything like me. And I'm not going to let you throw away your dreams because you think I need babysitting!\" \"I wasn't talking about that,\" he said, and looked genuinely surprised. \"Maybe I'm just an asshole, but it didn't even occur to me. When I said what if I don't come back, I meant … I don't want to die.\" \"We've been through this. You are not going to die!\" \"You don't know that! It was a miracle I survived the first time. And besides, it's different now.\" \"Because you're thirty?\" \"Because I care about surviving this time!\" I closed my eyes briefly. \"Run that by me again?\" \"I don't know if I can explain in a way that'll make sense to anyone else.\" I just looked at him until he gave in. \"You know those races with my brother I told you about?\" I nodded, and he continued \"He was a stronger swimmer than I was. He always won. Except for two times. And the difference, the thing that gave me the edge, was that those times I put everything I had into going on. I didn't save anything for the swim back. For someone like me, who wasn't born for any of this, the only way I can hope to achieve something is to forget about everything else and give it 100%. But I can't do that this time, I've got too much to lose. I want to come home – I'll always be looking over my shoulder, holding some strength in reserve – and so I'll die.\" And he wouldn't be budged from that position, regardless of my efforts to tell him how stupid it was. We kept at it for quite a while before finally giving up and declaring a stalemate. The stony silence lasted until we went to bed. I stared up at the ceiling and quietly boiled with frustration. He never listened to me. Just last week, when he thought he was going to die, he'd planned to do it alone while I slept in the other room. Because I wouldn't understand. I was probably one of the best-equipped people in the world to understand about that! But he refused to consider the idea that I could have a useful perspective about … anything, really. \"Do you trust me?\" I asked, softly enough that he could have pretended not to hear. \"You know I do.\" \"Then why don't you listen to me?\" I didn't like the pleading tone in my voice, but I'd used up my anger hours ago. \"I've done this. I know what it's like to live without a purpose. You don't want that. I don't want that to happen to you.\" \"I've heard that there are people out there who think their lives have meaning regardless of their careers.\" He sounded almost wistful as he said \"Do you think we could try that? Not living for some purpose , just living?\" \"It doesn't sound like you.\" \"Wouldn't you like me if I wasn't a monomaniacal lunatic?\" His hand slid under my shirt, stroking along the line just above where my sensation stopped. The fact that he could find that spot so easily, and in the dark, left me completely disinclined to keep arguing with him. \"It'd be one less thing we have in common. But I'll always like you if you keep touching me like that.\" I was woken the next morning by an elbow to the ribs and a frantic \"Eugene!\" I rolled over, and the complaint I'd planned to make died on my lips as I saw Vincent's face. It was pale, ashen and shiny with sweat. \"Chest hurts...\" he wheezed, and I felt a lead weight drop into my stomach. \"For how long?\" \"'Bout an hour.\" \" What? And you didn't say anything?\" \"Thought it'd go away … if I waited.\" His face contorted into a grimace as he added, unnecessarily, \"It got worse.\" No time to bawl him out for that piece of idiocy. I had to get to a phone, call someone who could help. I scrambled over the top of him to reach for the phone beside the bed. I at least had the presence of mind to lie across his stomach instead of his chest, but I still must have been crushing him, and I hated myself for it as I heard him struggling to breathe. As I picked up the phone, however, I froze. Who could I call? The ambulance would be the obvious choice for anyone else, but in our case … The first thing they'd do would be take a blood sample, and then they'd know. And while prison would be a small price to pay for keeping him alive, it was hardly a tempting option. Just before I dialled the last 1, an alternative finally occurred to me. Dr Cowper. Her voice was terse when she picked up. \"Jerome, I know I said that you could call me at any time, but -\" \"You need to come. Vincent's having a heart attack. I live at -\" \"Hold on. Who's Vincent?\" We had no time to get into that explanation. \"What does it matter who he is? He's having a heart attack! Help him!\" \"OK. Calm down. I need you to hang up now and call for an ambulance.\" \"No! I can't!\" \"I'll call one for you. What did you say the address -\" \"Look, you don't understand -\" \"I understand that he needs -\" \"He's me, he's Jerome, we can't call the authorities. Any of them.\" \"Goddamn it. All right, I'm on my way.\" I gave her the address and the code for the door, then turned my attention back to Vincent. I'd been so wrapped up in that stupid conversation that I hadn't noticed when his eyes fell closed. \"Vincent?\" I pressed my ear against his chest. Nothing. His heart had stopped. \"Fuck!\" I clasped my hands and began pumping on his chest. \"No. You're not doing this! You're not going to die on me!\" God only knows how long we stayed like that, him lying unconscious ( dead ) with me pounding away at his chest. It felt like hours. My arms started to ache but I knew I'd keep it up until I passed out myself. At last, I heard a door open. \"Down here!\" From the sound of her footsteps, I could tell she was running. I knew Ingrid Cowper was the right choice. When she burst into the room, she came to a halt. \"What are you doing?\" \"You're the bloody doctor, can't you recognise CPR?\" I snapped. \"Just come here!\" She hurried over and crouched by the bed. \"OK, you need to stop that for a second -\" \"What the hell do you -\" \"-so I can check for a pulse!\" she continued, raising her voice. I stopped. She pressed her fingers against his throat and, after what may well have been the longest two seconds of my life, she nodded. \"Looks like you got it beating again. Good work.\" She stood up. \"We have to get him to hospital. Is there are a robe or something I can cover him with?\" \"In the closet.\" She yanked it open and pulled one out (mine, though I didn't bother to mention it). \"I need to borrow that,\" she said, jerking her head towards my chair as she set about wrapping him in the dressing gown. \"Why?\" \"I can hardly carry him, he's at least a head taller than I am.\" I forced myself to resist the irrational urge to grab Vincent and hang as tightly as I could, and let her slide him off the bed and into the chair. It was only as she pushed it out of the room that it really clicked. \"Oi! What am I supposed to do?\" \"Not important. You're not my patient right now.\" \"You can't just leave me stuck here! I need to go with him!\" \"Get a friend to bring you in,\" she called from the other room. \"What, with no chair?\" Her footsteps came to a halt, and I heard a muffled curse. So she wasn't just being callous. In all the rush, she'd forgotten I was crippled. \"Someone from St. Roch's will come to get you,\" she said finally, and the front door swung closed behind them. The house was suddenly very empty and much too quiet. I leaned back against the pillow, then sat straight back up again. I was exhausted, but the hollow feeling in my chest seemed to be burning, filling me with a kind of restless energy. After a few minutes I was bouncing off the walls with frustration – or I would have been if I could move from the bed. I was naked and alone and trapped in my own bedroom. Vincent was out there somewhere, maybe dying, maybe dead, and there was nothing I could do to help him. I couldn't even be by his side. Couldn't even know whether he was still alive. Couldn't even fucking move! I seriously considered throwing myself on the floor and crawling over to the cupboard to get dressed, just to do something , and save a little time when the orderly or whoever got here. But the thought of being found like that was just too humiliating, and I stayed where I was. At last, I heard a knock at the door. \"Mr Morrow?\" called a man's voice. \"Through here. About time you showed up!\" He stepped into the room, pushing an empty chair in front of him. \"I'm here to -\" \"Yes, I know. It took you long enough. Closet's there, get me something to put on.\" He raised his eyebrows at me, and I barely restrained myself from screaming. Not this shit again. \"I'm not a servant, you know,\" he said levelly, with quiet self-assurance that made me want to slam his head into the nearest wall. \"Really? Good to know! I was under the impression that you were being paid to help me get to St Roch's so I can find out whether my friend is alive or dead. I'm terribly sorry to neglect the protocol like this – it's just that I have trouble remembering whether I'm just supposed to bow or if I need to kiss your hand too. Well, and that I don't give a damn about being polite to you. Now either bring me my clothes or give me that chair and get the fuck out!\" He brought the clothes over to the bed in subdued silence, and offered to help me dress. I was pissed enough at him to want to simply kick him out and catch a taxi to the hospital, and rattled enough that I hated the thought of anyone touching me at that moment. But I was in enough of a hurry to make both those things seem unimportant, and I accepted his help. \"He was alive when I left,\" he said as he pushed me to the car. We didn't talk for the rest of the ride. Ingrid met me as I came in. \"Where is he?\" \"Theatre. I'm glad you finally got here – since he's not in a position to talk to us, I need you to give me some information.\" \"Will it be on the record?\" \"My records? Yes. The government's? Absolutely not. And that's the only promise I'm going to make about that, so it'll have to be enough. Now. First of all, I need to know what he was doing before the attack.\" \"Sleeping.\" \"I hope you understand how important it is for his treatment that you answer these questions accurately and completely.\" \"Of course I know that.\" \"Considering what I saw when I arrived on the scene...\" Oh. It occurred to me for the first time what that must have looked like to her: the two of us naked in bed together, a tangle of sheets and limbs. No wonder she was sceptical. \"I'm not trying to hide the fact that we're sleeping together. It's no more of a secret than any other aspect of our relationship. He really was asleep. He said the chest pains woke him up, but he waited an hour before he decided to tell me about it.\" \"All right.\" She made a note on her clipboard, then continued with the questions. Some I could answer, and others I couldn't. I knew his profile by heart, though that wasn't particularly useful as they had copies of their own. I could describe his diet and exercise routine, his medical history for the better part of the past decade and his relationship with anaesthesia. But when it came to family history and childhood ailments, I knew nothing. We'd never discussed it. Ingrid couldn't tell me if he was going to be all right. \"We see miracles every day in this hospital. But I'm not a cardiologist. I don't know.\" \"Guess.\" \"All right, but I warn you, you won't like it.\" She took a deep breath before continuing. \"He's doing everything right, Jerome. Yes, no doctor would actually encourage the amount of physical strain he puts himself through, but by all accounts he was managing wonderfully. He has a truly phenomenal level of fitness for someone with his profile.\" \"I don't understand. How is this bad news?\" \"The bad news is that he still had a heart attack. The only advice we can give him is to take it easy, but it wasn't physical exertion that caused this. It wasn't anything in his lifestyle. The problem is with his heart itself, and there isn't a lot we can do about that.\" \"Not a lot. Is there anything? If the problem is his heart, what about a transplant?\" She shook her head. \"There are procedures. Lists of waiting recipients. Organs don't grow on trees, and no-one would be willing to donate a heart to an Invalid whose profile says he should be dying.\" \"I will.\" \"What?\" \"He can have my heart. I've given him everything else, why not this?\" I was vaguely aware that what I was saying was crazy, but that seemed like a secondary concern at the moment. She looked at me seriously for a few seconds. \"You're obviously in shock. I'll prescribe a mild tranquilliser -\" \"I'm perfectly fucking tranquil and you're not giving me any drugs until I've seen him.\" \"Nothing mind-altering, just something to help you remain rational. It is possible for a living person to donate certain organs, but as everyone knows, a heart is not one of them. And the two of you don't even have the same blood type, so any attempt to do so would be a completely pointless gesture . Do you understand?\" She glared at me, and I glared back. She thought she knew me just because she'd guessed how I got the injuries she treated me for. If she thought that I would ever put Vincent through the kind of fear I'd faced today she didn't know a thing. He was in surgery for four hours, and I almost gave myself a heart attack waiting for him to come out. When I was finally allowed to see him, it was hardly less terrifying. He looked half dead. Medical gadgets were a part of daily life for us, so the ones he was hooked up to now shouldn't have been a shock to me, but I'd never seen any that made him look … so young, and so unhealthy. His hand was slightly cold to the touch, and hung limply in mine.[Chapter 7] A/N: I am so sorry, you guys. I never meant to leave you hanging that way after the last chapter, but life and writer's block and various other things got in the way, and before I knew it, it'd been ten months since my last update. Thank you to all the reviewers who took the time to say they're still interested in seeing the end, I hope this doesn't disappoint. Not to drag it out, but it's not quite the end yet – there's an epilogue coming after this (which I swear will be up by the end of the year). I remembered pain. And the knowledge, absolutely certain this time, that this was it, I was going to die. Then there was nothing but blackness, and I thought that was death. But if it was, then this had to be heaven, and that wasn't possible. For one thing, I still hurt. My head ached, and my chest, and my hand seemed to be caught in a vice. I felt faintly nauseous and utterly exhausted. But it couldn't be hell, either. I was lying somewhere almost comfortable, light filtered through my eyelids, and when I concentrated on the pain in my hand I realised that someone was squeezing it. \"Eugene?\" \"Yes?\" \"That hurts.\" \"Obviously. You spent the last four hours being hacked at with scalpels.\" \"I mean my hand.\" \"Ah.\" His grip loosened. \"Sorry.\" I forced my eyes open. I saw blurry white, and the outline of his face. \"Do you have my glasses?\" \"They're at home. I'll pick them up next time I get a chance.\" \"Is this a hospital? I don't remember anything since I woke you.\" \"You wouldn't. You were unconscious.\" \"So I passed out,\" I said slowly. \"I thought I was dead.\" \"You were for a couple of minutes. Technically.\" The prediction was right, then. They always said I'd die at thirty, and a week after my birthday, here I was. The memory of the relief and hope I'd felt that night swept over me like a mockery. I felt my eyes start to burn, but struggled to keep myself in check. Eugene despised weakness. In himself most of all, but in me almost as much. \"Did you do it on purpose, to prove your point?\" he asked. To my astonishment, his voice cracked on the next words. \"It worked. There's not a chance in hell you're going to Oberon after today.\" Then he was back to crushing my hand. I squeezed back (or tried to – there didn't seem to be any strength left in me) and we sat in silence, drawing comfort from the fact that, for now, we were both still here. \"Just a week after I turned thirty,\" I said eventually. \"Those doctors must have known what they were talking about after all.\" I meant it as a joke, sort of, but apparently Eugene didn't take it that way. \"No,\" he said, glaring at me. \"They didn't. In case you haven't noticed, you're still alive – because they may have predicted when your heart would give out, but they forgot to take into account the fact that medical science has uses besides genetic engineering!\" \"Always nice to meet someone outside my colleagues who appreciates that,\" said a voice from the doorway. \"My predecessors were treating congenital valve defects long before anyone was engineered against them. But it's all about prevention these days, so they don't bother learning how to cure anymore.\" I automatically turned to look at him, but could only make out that he was tall and grey-haired. \"Good morning, Mr Freeman. Glad to see you've woken up. I'm Timothy Harburg, the guy who put your heart back together for you just now.\" He pulled another chair over to the bed and sat down. \"How are you feeling?\" \"Groggy. And my chest is a little painful. But fine, apart from that.\" \"Do you feel up to having a talk about what went wrong with you and what we're doing about fixing it?\" \"Yes.\" \"Well then. You experienced what we call a myocardial infarction –\" \"Hang on,\" interrupted Eugene. \"Aren't you going to ask me to leave?\" \"The door's right there if you want to go.\" \"I don't – but –\" \"Last time we were here we were told it's against policy for anyone to be present during consultations with doctors,\" I finished. Harburg nodded. \"Unless they're family.\" \"You haven't even asked who I am,\" Eugene pointed out after it became clear that the doctor thought that was sufficient explanation. A sigh. \"Look, I don't know who you've been talking to, but they obviously didn't have their facts straight. We have a very strict confidentiality policy, that's true – but I'm not going to ask who you are, because anyone who's worked here more than a month knows the patient's anonymous lookalike is considered next of kin. All right?\" When neither of us protested, he continued. \"Now, as I was saying. Myocardial infarction – a heart attack, in layman's terms, and I'm sure you've already figured out that's what happened to you. And that led to your heart stopping when it wasn't getting enough blood. But someone – I'm guessing it was you?\" he said, turning to Eugene, who nodded. \"Gave you CPR, and got it beating again. Cracked a couple of ribs in the process, I might add, but you can't make an omelette without breaking a few bones.\" I instinctively reached for Eugene's hand again. (He'd withdrawn it upon Harburg's arrival.) \"Thanks,\" I said. He gave a slight shrug. \"Sorry about your ribs.\" And that was that. I doubted that we'd ever mention it again. It's not that I wasn't grateful he'd saved me – of course I was. But there was so much gratitude between us already, for so many reasons, that there was no sense in keeping track anymore. The debt could never be paid, in any case, because there was nothing left that I could give him. We already shared a name, a life, our bodies, all our worldly possessions, and if he asked me for anything I'd do it in a heartbeat – but not because he'd saved my life or helped me reach the stars. Just because it was him. \"Do you want a minute?\" asked Harburg gruffly. I got the impression that tact wasn't in his nature, just something he'd had to learn over the course of his career. \"No, we're done,\" Eugene answered for us both. \"You're men after my own heart, then. Most of my patients tend to get pretty emotional after a brush with death.\" \"We were being emotional.\" \"What caused the heart attack?\" I asked. It seemed like an inane question, considering I'd known this was coming all my life, but I was hoping the doctor would provide me with a more concrete answer than 'fate'. \"My defective valves?\" \"Indirectly,\" Harburg answered. \"That's what caused the huge blood clot that lodged itself in your coronary artery. And it should have been obvious to anyone with a medical degree that something of the sort was bound to happen before long. I've put you on anticoagulants to see if we can stop it happening again. You should have been on them years ago.\" That last sentence was spoken very pointedly, as though implying it was my fault that I hadn't been. There may have been some truth to that, actually – I couldn't remember the last time I'd seen a doctor as myself. \"Additionally, when you're sufficiently recovered, I think you could benefit from a valve transplant. We'll have check-ups over the next couple of months, I'll let you know when it's time.\" \"Will that be possible?\" asked Eugene, leaning forward. \"Dr Cowper was insistent that there are regulations about who's eligible for transplants, and that Invalids almost never are.\" \"There are ways around that,\" said Harburg, waving a hand dismissively. \"Ingrid's a good doctor, but she won't be a great one until she stops trying to play by the rules. But in this case, it's not an issue. We're talking a couple of valves here, not the whole heart. We call it a transplant, but the truth is it'll be more like a prosthesis.\" This blurred figure of Timothy Harburg was beginning to look like an angel to me. Could this really be all it took to prevent my heart problems – some medication and a few prosthetic valves? Why had no-one ever told me this before? It's all about prevention these days, so they don't bother learning how to cure anymore. \"But I'm not making any guarantees,\" he warned. \"This will help, but the rate of relapse for heart attacks is somewhere between one in five and one in ten. And in that spirit, there are some changes you'll need to make if you want to stop this from happening again. I understand you're working for Gattaca?\" \"Yes.\" \"I've heard about their insistence on physical and mental excellence in their employees. Their PT program is legendary. I expect you to sit out for at least the next month.\" \"I can't just sit out,\" I protested automatically, though my body was telling me very clearly that I could hardly do anything else. \"It's mandatory.\" \"I'll write you a note excusing you.\" \"You can't tell them -\" \"Oh ye of little faith,\" said Harburg placidly. \"I've been working in this field since before you were born, and I'm reasonably good at it. It so happens that I have a subtle, brilliant scheme to deal with that problem: we're going to lie . The note will say you're recovering from some other kind of surgery. I think … you had a tumour removed.\" \"Won't work,\" said Eugene. \"He's there under my name, and I can't get cancer.\" Harburg sighed. \" Valids ,\" he muttered. \"This is what's wrong with you kids. You think your genes are perfect, so you must be invincible. You may not be genetically predisposed to cancer, but of course you can get it. Anyone can. Particularly astronauts, considering the amount of cosmic radiation they're exposed to every launch. And speaking of which, that's one excuse you can use for why you never go up again.\" \"What?\" I said. \"You're never going up again,\" repeated Harburg. \"And just so we're absolutely clear, everything else I've told you today has been my medical opinion. This, on the other hand, is a threat. I'll keep an eye on the upcoming launches, and as soon as I see your name attached to any of them you'll be outed you to your bosses and the police.\" \" What? \" I said more loudly. \"You heard.\" \"I thought you worked here because you wanted to help Invalids.\" \"I work in medicine because I want to help people ,\" he shot back. \"If you go back to space after what happened today, you're not just risking your own life – I'd be inclined to let you do that – you're risking the lives of your colleagues too. And that's not something I'm prepared to accept. You can keep your job if you must, chart courses and so on, but stay off the ships. I'm giving you a chance to be a man and step down gracefully, but if you don't, I'll stop you.\" With that, he gave a curt nod and walked out. I watched him go in stunned silence. The angel who'd offered me salvation had picked up a fiery sword and barred me from Eden. I was alive. I was going to get treatment for my heart. That was good. But … what the hell was the point of any of it if I was right back where I was before, bound to the earth forever because people insisted that was all my body was fit for? \"He won't do it, you know,\" said Eugene. \"He won't get a chance. If you try anything so stupid, I'll stop you before he even hears about it.\" It wasn't just like before. It was worse. Now even Eugene was against me. \"I don't want you protecting me!\" I growled, with what some dispassionate corner of my brain told me was more venom than he deserved. \"I don't want you dead. So I guess that makes us even.\" He sounded just like my father – and my mother, my brother, my teachers, everyone who'd ever tried to keep me down 'for my own good'. And to make it worse, I knew there was nothing malicious about his change of attitude. He really was just trying to keep me alive. They all were. But that kind of concern didn't feel like love to me, it felt like an insult. \"Go away,\" I said thickly. \"Excuse me?\" He sounded taken aback, almost hurt, and the part of me that wasn't quietly bubbling with anger was sorry. I hadn't meant it to come out that way. I just needed privacy to come to terms with Harburg's ultimatum. \"Sorry,\" I said. I did my best to smile. Eugene didn't smile back. He didn't go away either. \"I know you don't like it. But you were unconscious – you didn't see – you nearly died this morning. You still look like death warmed up. You can't expect me not to feel protective.\" \"I know. Believe me, Eugene – I get it. I was talking about quitting anyway last night. But there's a difference between walking away from something and being dragged away, you know? I just need some time alone, to think.\" After being forced to promise that I wouldn't change my mind and decide to prove Harburg wrong 'just like a child who only wants to play with a toy when you say he can't have it', I was finally left alone to contemplate my fate. For most of my life, I didn't have much use for religion. I always knew, however, that I wouldn't be here without it – it was my mother's belief that all life is sacred and everything has a purpose which stopped her from taking the easy, sensible way out of the dilemma she found herself in thirty odd years ago. And recently, for the first time in my life, I'd begun to consider the possibility that her faith was more than an illusion. When the day of my foretold death approached, I thought of her, of her strings of rosary beads, murmured prayers and insistence that 'God child' was an accolade, not an insult. In the depths of my fear, I prayed to my mother's God. I said that I would give anything in exchange for my life. Somehow, miraculously, it seemed to have worked. I'd survived, and now I was paying the price for that mercy. Now I could really understand the answer Eugene gave when I asked if his own brushes with death had made him think about God: No empty, mindless universe could have such a sick sense of humour. Part of my soul wanted to protest 'This isn't what I meant!', but the rational part of me knew that wasn't true. I'd promised anything, and meant it. If God had come to me in person that night and asked me to give up space travel forever, I would have willingly accepted the deal. I'd gotten everything I asked for – a second chance at life – and even if the terms were harsh, I wasn't stupid enough to throw that away. I saw Harburg again a week later to negotiate my release. One of the things I like about the underground nature of this hospital is their willingness to accommodate requests like \"get me the hell out of here as soon as medically possible\" - but, unfortunately, I still had to listen to a very detailed list of what I was not to do. \"... and no exercise. In the interest of plugging loopholes, that means nothing that will raise your heartrate more than a short, gentle walk. At least, not unless you're being supervised by a doctor who is aware of your medical history. Understood?\" \"Yes.\" \"All right. Now that's out of the way, you're free to go – but there's one thing we have to settle before you do. The bill.\" He named an amount that made me wince, and Eugene made an inarticulate sound of disgust. \"I should have guessed. Everyone on the black market's a fucking mercenary, aren't they?\" I didn't exactly disagree. We weren't poor, even accounting for the percentage of my paycheque that went to German. But after we'd already paid for extensive burns treatment this year … \"Mercenary?\" Harburg leaned forward, eyes narrowed, his voice gone low and almost ominous. \"Forty years ago, my colleagues and I poured a small fortune into raising this hospital out of the ground. Some of us are here out of moral conviction, some are working off a debt, some have nowhere else to go – but every one of us is breaking the law by helping the ones respectable medical institutions won't touch. We're risking our medical licences – risking criminal charges – and forswearing any chance of making it big in this field. This is a charity. But the legitimate business we do here isn't enough to finance it, and if we tried to offer our services for free we'd be reduced to doling out aspirin in dark alleys. So I'm sorry for whatever financial problems you have, but you are going to pay.\" After waiting a few moments to see that what he'd said had sunk in, he continued \"But there are forms of payment other than cash, if you'd prefer.\" Now we were getting to the point. Heart surgeons aren't responsible for their patients' bills. He wouldn't be having this conversation with us unless he was after something in particular. \"What do you want?\" I asked. \"I want your body,\" he replied, looking straight at Eugene. We exchanged brief looks of incredulity. No. He can't have meant that the way it sounded. \"Sorry, but I'm afraid not,\" said Eugene in a perfectly matter-of-fact tone. \"Vincent has a prior claim.\" \"Since you'd be paying his debts, I don't think he'd have much ground to object.\" It was becoming less and less likely that this was a misunderstanding. What kind of pervert would even want … the same thing I wanted. But that was different. \"Besides, I won't take anything from you until after you're dead. He'll probably be long gone by then anyway – no offence meant, of course.\" Very different. What the hell? He looked at me, puzzled, and I realised I'd said that aloud. \"Remember the conversation we had about the ways of getting around transplant regulations? This is one of them. Leave your body to this hospital, and we'll consider the high quality organ donations more than enough payment for the surgery and subsequent care.\" \"Human organs as currency? That sounds awfully illegal to me,\" commented Eugene. \"Possibly. But somehow I doubt that will be a huge stumbling block for you.\" \"Not only illegal – it sounds unenforceable. No court would acknowledge that kind of deal, and I don't see what you could do about it if someone said yes then decided on their death bed that they'd rather be scattered over the ocean. Relying on an honour system isn't the best plan for dealing with criminals, which anyone who agreed to this very illegal -\" \"He isn't threatening to let the cheque bounce,\" I interrupted. I hadn't thought I'd ever be able to speak to the doctor again without laughing hysterically or dying of embarrassment, but Eugene was forcing my hand. Harburg looked ready to strangle him. \"He doesn't care what happens to his body. This is his idea of making conversation.\" \"I … see,\" said Haburg slowly. \"Well, as you pointed out, we are criminals here. White collar criminals by preference, of course, but we can be flexible. And the nature of our work at this hospital gives us connections to the kind of people who tend to have even fewer scruples about legality than we do. Now, are you going to sign or does someone have to break your thumbs to convince you we know how this works?\" \"I was just asking. Of course I'll do it, it's the easiest payment plan I've ever heard of.\" There were five messages waiting for me when I got home. The first was from Lamar. He calmly wished me well, and said that since I hadn't seemed quite myself when I told him he could say I was abducted by aliens for all I cared, he'd taken the liberty of dipping into my unused vacation time to explain my absence from work. The next was from my supervisor, who wanted to make it clear that he did not take kindly to employees taking off on holiday without requesting permission in advance. The fact that I'd been his predecessor's golden boy did not put me above the rules, and he was seriously considering withdrawing my offer to join the Oberon mission. German, saying that while of course the hospital wouldn't tell him anything, he'd be obliged if someone would let him know whether or not I was dead. He did have the decency to say he hoped I was not, though the effect was spoiled by his comment that he'd probably find out soon enough in any case, since my paycheque was due next week. Cesar's message seemed to be meant for Eugene. He simply said that while he assumed there wouldn't be a funeral, he'd send a wreath unless that would arouse suspicion among the neighbours. Optimistic as always. Irene said that she was concerned. Her exact words. \"Jerome … I mean, Vincent. This is Irene Cassini. I haven't seen you at work, and I'm concerned.\" Once, a lifetime ago, I would have found the odd formality of that message endearing. Now, however, the thought of answering her – or any of them, actually – made my head ache. I would have to do it, of course, and sooner rather than later. Just not now. I pushed back from the desk. The idea of lying down during the day seemed somehow shameful; but they'd told me to rest, and I was exhausted. \"I'm going to bed,\" I said finally, giving in. Eugene nodded. \"I'll go with you.\" \"The doctor was very specific,\" I reminded him. \"Not for at least three weeks.\" \"That's not what I was talking about. Someone needs to make sure you don't wake up dead.\" He sighed, and added \"Besides, the last time I got to touch you was when I was giving you CPR.\" There was a faint bruise on my right hand that said otherwise, but I didn't argue the point. I did miss the kind of touch that didn't leave bruises, after all. \"Fine. Let's go.\" When we got to the bedroom, I started to lift the hem of my shirt, then hesitated as the twinge in my ribs reminded me what lay underneath. \"Could you look somewhere else?\" I asked. \"Why?\" \"Because – oh, for God's sake, never mind.\" I kicked off my shoes and lay down. Explaining why I suddenly didn't want him looking at my bare chest or letting him see the strapped ribs, fresh scar, patches of mottled purple bruises and clear signs of recent weight loss – I didn't know which would be worse. They'd both get me the same look of pity. I could sleep in my clothes. He pulled himself up onto the bed beside me. \"I mean it. Why? It's one scar. It can't be worse than the ones I was covered with when you first kissed me. If you didn't care about those, why would I care about this?\" All right, maybe I'd underestimated him a little. I closed my eyes wearily. \"It's not just the scar.\" \"You look perfectly normal for someone just out of hospital.\" \"Exactly. I look weak, and ill – no-one looking at me now would ever believe I'm you.\" Eugene was silent for a while. At last, he said \"Do you have to be?\" That caught my interest. \"Sorry?\" \"Do you want to stay at Gattaca now there's no chance of going back up?\" I couldn't say I did. Gattaca itself had never been more than a means to an end. But after that end had been accomplished, I'd stayed there, because … where else would I go? This was the life I'd built for myself, and if nothing else, it was a hell of a lot better than what I'd left behind. \"Not particularly. But I'd still much rather be a navigator than a janitor.\" \"Obviously. I wasn't suggesting that.\" \"What do you suggest I do, then?\" \"We could go travelling.\" That phrase set off faint alarm bells, and I raised my head up to look at him. He rolled his eyes. \"It's not a euphemism. You've been to Titan, but never set foot outside the USA. You'd be surprised how many countries out there would welcome you even with your own profile – birth rates have been dropping since people stopped conceiving the old-fashioned way, and some places use immigration to make up the difference.\" \"Does 'some places' mean 'third world places'?\" \"Not always. But there are things we could do here too – there are jobs that can be done online, where you never have to meet the person who hires you. No-one would ever know there were two of us. Or we could get more involved in the black market. There are always opportunities there, and if anyone understands the industry, we do.\" Now that was an interesting idea. \"Jerome Morrow is still young,\" I said, thinking out loud. \"He's already had very successful careers in two different fields. No-one would be surprised if a man like that decided to expand his horizons, branch off into a new area – and with that profile and that resume, who'd turn him down?\" \"It shouldn't be too hard for us to find another angst ridden Invalid with dreams of glory,\" said Eugene. \"If we do it right, we could more than make back the money German got out of us this time.\" Becoming Jerome Morrow had given me a new life. Now that I didn't need the name to be happy anymore, it seemed only fitting to pass it on and give someone else the second chance they wanted so badly. I found myself drifting off as Eugene talked about where we could look for candidates. My post-hospital exhaustion didn't bother me anymore, however. I might as well take the rest while I could get it – from what I remembered of the transition, we were going to have a lot on our plates when we found our man.","LastChapter":"A/N: I am so sorry, you guys. I never meant to leave you hanging that way after the last chapter, but life and writer's block and various other things got in the way, and before I knew it, it'd been ten months since my last update. Thank you to all the reviewers who took the time to say they're still interested in seeing the end, I hope this doesn't disappoint. Not to drag it out, but it's not quite the end yet – there's an epilogue coming after this (which I swear will be up by the end of the year). I remembered pain. And the knowledge, absolutely certain this time, that this was it, I was going to die. Then there was nothing but blackness, and I thought that was death. But if it was, then this had to be heaven, and that wasn't possible. For one thing, I still hurt. My head ached, and my chest, and my hand seemed to be caught in a vice. I felt faintly nauseous and utterly exhausted. But it couldn't be hell, either. I was lying somewhere almost comfortable, light filtered through my eyelids, and when I concentrated on the pain in my hand I realised that someone was squeezing it. \"Eugene?\" \"Yes?\" \"That hurts.\" \"Obviously. You spent the last four hours being hacked at with scalpels.\" \"I mean my hand.\" \"Ah.\" His grip loosened. \"Sorry.\" I forced my eyes open. I saw blurry white, and the outline of his face. \"Do you have my glasses?\" \"They're at home. I'll pick them up next time I get a chance.\" \"Is this a hospital? I don't remember anything since I woke you.\" \"You wouldn't. You were unconscious.\" \"So I passed out,\" I said slowly. \"I thought I was dead.\" \"You were for a couple of minutes. Technically.\" The prediction was right, then. They always said I'd die at thirty, and a week after my birthday, here I was. The memory of the relief and hope I'd felt that night swept over me like a mockery. I felt my eyes start to burn, but struggled to keep myself in check. Eugene despised weakness. In himself most of all, but in me almost as much. \"Did you do it on purpose, to prove your point?\" he asked. To my astonishment, his voice cracked on the next words. \"It worked. There's not a chance in hell you're going to Oberon after today.\" Then he was back to crushing my hand. I squeezed back (or tried to – there didn't seem to be any strength left in me) and we sat in silence, drawing comfort from the fact that, for now, we were both still here. \"Just a week after I turned thirty,\" I said eventually. \"Those doctors must have known what they were talking about after all.\" I meant it as a joke, sort of, but apparently Eugene didn't take it that way. \"No,\" he said, glaring at me. \"They didn't. In case you haven't noticed, you're still alive – because they may have predicted when your heart would give out, but they forgot to take into account the fact that medical science has uses besides genetic engineering!\" \"Always nice to meet someone outside my colleagues who appreciates that,\" said a voice from the doorway. \"My predecessors were treating congenital valve defects long before anyone was engineered against them. But it's all about prevention these days, so they don't bother learning how to cure anymore.\" I automatically turned to look at him, but could only make out that he was tall and grey-haired. \"Good morning, Mr Freeman. Glad to see you've woken up. I'm Timothy Harburg, the guy who put your heart back together for you just now.\" He pulled another chair over to the bed and sat down. \"How are you feeling?\" \"Groggy. And my chest is a little painful. But fine, apart from that.\" \"Do you feel up to having a talk about what went wrong with you and what we're doing about fixing it?\" \"Yes.\" \"Well then. You experienced what we call a myocardial infarction –\" \"Hang on,\" interrupted Eugene. \"Aren't you going to ask me to leave?\" \"The door's right there if you want to go.\" \"I don't – but –\" \"Last time we were here we were told it's against policy for anyone to be present during consultations with doctors,\" I finished. Harburg nodded. \"Unless they're family.\" \"You haven't even asked who I am,\" Eugene pointed out after it became clear that the doctor thought that was sufficient explanation. A sigh. \"Look, I don't know who you've been talking to, but they obviously didn't have their facts straight. We have a very strict confidentiality policy, that's true – but I'm not going to ask who you are, because anyone who's worked here more than a month knows the patient's anonymous lookalike is considered next of kin. All right?\" When neither of us protested, he continued. \"Now, as I was saying. Myocardial infarction – a heart attack, in layman's terms, and I'm sure you've already figured out that's what happened to you. And that led to your heart stopping when it wasn't getting enough blood. But someone – I'm guessing it was you?\" he said, turning to Eugene, who nodded. \"Gave you CPR, and got it beating again. Cracked a couple of ribs in the process, I might add, but you can't make an omelette without breaking a few bones.\" I instinctively reached for Eugene's hand again. (He'd withdrawn it upon Harburg's arrival.) \"Thanks,\" I said. He gave a slight shrug. \"Sorry about your ribs.\" And that was that. I doubted that we'd ever mention it again. It's not that I wasn't grateful he'd saved me – of course I was. But there was so much gratitude between us already, for so many reasons, that there was no sense in keeping track anymore. The debt could never be paid, in any case, because there was nothing left that I could give him. We already shared a name, a life, our bodies, all our worldly possessions, and if he asked me for anything I'd do it in a heartbeat – but not because he'd saved my life or helped me reach the stars. Just because it was him. \"Do you want a minute?\" asked Harburg gruffly. I got the impression that tact wasn't in his nature, just something he'd had to learn over the course of his career. \"No, we're done,\" Eugene answered for us both. \"You're men after my own heart, then. Most of my patients tend to get pretty emotional after a brush with death.\" \"We were being emotional.\" \"What caused the heart attack?\" I asked. It seemed like an inane question, considering I'd known this was coming all my life, but I was hoping the doctor would provide me with a more concrete answer than 'fate'. \"My defective valves?\" \"Indirectly,\" Harburg answered. \"That's what caused the huge blood clot that lodged itself in your coronary artery. And it should have been obvious to anyone with a medical degree that something of the sort was bound to happen before long. I've put you on anticoagulants to see if we can stop it happening again. You should have been on them years ago.\" That last sentence was spoken very pointedly, as though implying it was my fault that I hadn't been. There may have been some truth to that, actually – I couldn't remember the last time I'd seen a doctor as myself. \"Additionally, when you're sufficiently recovered, I think you could benefit from a valve transplant. We'll have check-ups over the next couple of months, I'll let you know when it's time.\" \"Will that be possible?\" asked Eugene, leaning forward. \"Dr Cowper was insistent that there are regulations about who's eligible for transplants, and that Invalids almost never are.\" \"There are ways around that,\" said Harburg, waving a hand dismissively. \"Ingrid's a good doctor, but she won't be a great one until she stops trying to play by the rules. But in this case, it's not an issue. We're talking a couple of valves here, not the whole heart. We call it a transplant, but the truth is it'll be more like a prosthesis.\" This blurred figure of Timothy Harburg was beginning to look like an angel to me. Could this really be all it took to prevent my heart problems – some medication and a few prosthetic valves? Why had no-one ever told me this before? It's all about prevention these days, so they don't bother learning how to cure anymore. \"But I'm not making any guarantees,\" he warned. \"This will help, but the rate of relapse for heart attacks is somewhere between one in five and one in ten. And in that spirit, there are some changes you'll need to make if you want to stop this from happening again. I understand you're working for Gattaca?\" \"Yes.\" \"I've heard about their insistence on physical and mental excellence in their employees. Their PT program is legendary. I expect you to sit out for at least the next month.\" \"I can't just sit out,\" I protested automatically, though my body was telling me very clearly that I could hardly do anything else. \"It's mandatory.\" \"I'll write you a note excusing you.\" \"You can't tell them -\" \"Oh ye of little faith,\" said Harburg placidly. \"I've been working in this field since before you were born, and I'm reasonably good at it. It so happens that I have a subtle, brilliant scheme to deal with that problem: we're going to lie . The note will say you're recovering from some other kind of surgery. I think … you had a tumour removed.\" \"Won't work,\" said Eugene. \"He's there under my name, and I can't get cancer.\" Harburg sighed. \" Valids ,\" he muttered. \"This is what's wrong with you kids. You think your genes are perfect, so you must be invincible. You may not be genetically predisposed to cancer, but of course you can get it. Anyone can. Particularly astronauts, considering the amount of cosmic radiation they're exposed to every launch. And speaking of which, that's one excuse you can use for why you never go up again.\" \"What?\" I said. \"You're never going up again,\" repeated Harburg. \"And just so we're absolutely clear, everything else I've told you today has been my medical opinion. This, on the other hand, is a threat. I'll keep an eye on the upcoming launches, and as soon as I see your name attached to any of them you'll be outed you to your bosses and the police.\" \" What? \" I said more loudly. \"You heard.\" \"I thought you worked here because you wanted to help Invalids.\" \"I work in medicine because I want to help people ,\" he shot back. \"If you go back to space after what happened today, you're not just risking your own life – I'd be inclined to let you do that – you're risking the lives of your colleagues too. And that's not something I'm prepared to accept. You can keep your job if you must, chart courses and so on, but stay off the ships. I'm giving you a chance to be a man and step down gracefully, but if you don't, I'll stop you.\" With that, he gave a curt nod and walked out. I watched him go in stunned silence. The angel who'd offered me salvation had picked up a fiery sword and barred me from Eden. I was alive. I was going to get treatment for my heart. That was good. But … what the hell was the point of any of it if I was right back where I was before, bound to the earth forever because people insisted that was all my body was fit for? \"He won't do it, you know,\" said Eugene. \"He won't get a chance. If you try anything so stupid, I'll stop you before he even hears about it.\" It wasn't just like before. It was worse. Now even Eugene was against me. \"I don't want you protecting me!\" I growled, with what some dispassionate corner of my brain told me was more venom than he deserved. \"I don't want you dead. So I guess that makes us even.\" He sounded just like my father – and my mother, my brother, my teachers, everyone who'd ever tried to keep me down 'for my own good'. And to make it worse, I knew there was nothing malicious about his change of attitude. He really was just trying to keep me alive. They all were. But that kind of concern didn't feel like love to me, it felt like an insult. \"Go away,\" I said thickly. \"Excuse me?\" He sounded taken aback, almost hurt, and the part of me that wasn't quietly bubbling with anger was sorry. I hadn't meant it to come out that way. I just needed privacy to come to terms with Harburg's ultimatum. \"Sorry,\" I said. I did my best to smile. Eugene didn't smile back. He didn't go away either. \"I know you don't like it. But you were unconscious – you didn't see – you nearly died this morning. You still look like death warmed up. You can't expect me not to feel protective.\" \"I know. Believe me, Eugene – I get it. I was talking about quitting anyway last night. But there's a difference between walking away from something and being dragged away, you know? I just need some time alone, to think.\" After being forced to promise that I wouldn't change my mind and decide to prove Harburg wrong 'just like a child who only wants to play with a toy when you say he can't have it', I was finally left alone to contemplate my fate. For most of my life, I didn't have much use for religion. I always knew, however, that I wouldn't be here without it – it was my mother's belief that all life is sacred and everything has a purpose which stopped her from taking the easy, sensible way out of the dilemma she found herself in thirty odd years ago. And recently, for the first time in my life, I'd begun to consider the possibility that her faith was more than an illusion. When the day of my foretold death approached, I thought of her, of her strings of rosary beads, murmured prayers and insistence that 'God child' was an accolade, not an insult. In the depths of my fear, I prayed to my mother's God. I said that I would give anything in exchange for my life. Somehow, miraculously, it seemed to have worked. I'd survived, and now I was paying the price for that mercy. Now I could really understand the answer Eugene gave when I asked if his own brushes with death had made him think about God: No empty, mindless universe could have such a sick sense of humour. Part of my soul wanted to protest 'This isn't what I meant!', but the rational part of me knew that wasn't true. I'd promised anything, and meant it. If God had come to me in person that night and asked me to give up space travel forever, I would have willingly accepted the deal. I'd gotten everything I asked for – a second chance at life – and even if the terms were harsh, I wasn't stupid enough to throw that away. I saw Harburg again a week later to negotiate my release. One of the things I like about the underground nature of this hospital is their willingness to accommodate requests like \"get me the hell out of here as soon as medically possible\" - but, unfortunately, I still had to listen to a very detailed list of what I was not to do. \"... and no exercise. In the interest of plugging loopholes, that means nothing that will raise your heartrate more than a short, gentle walk. At least, not unless you're being supervised by a doctor who is aware of your medical history. Understood?\" \"Yes.\" \"All right. Now that's out of the way, you're free to go – but there's one thing we have to settle before you do. The bill.\" He named an amount that made me wince, and Eugene made an inarticulate sound of disgust. \"I should have guessed. Everyone on the black market's a fucking mercenary, aren't they?\" I didn't exactly disagree. We weren't poor, even accounting for the percentage of my paycheque that went to German. But after we'd already paid for extensive burns treatment this year … \"Mercenary?\" Harburg leaned forward, eyes narrowed, his voice gone low and almost ominous. \"Forty years ago, my colleagues and I poured a small fortune into raising this hospital out of the ground. Some of us are here out of moral conviction, some are working off a debt, some have nowhere else to go – but every one of us is breaking the law by helping the ones respectable medical institutions won't touch. We're risking our medical licences – risking criminal charges – and forswearing any chance of making it big in this field. This is a charity. But the legitimate business we do here isn't enough to finance it, and if we tried to offer our services for free we'd be reduced to doling out aspirin in dark alleys. So I'm sorry for whatever financial problems you have, but you are going to pay.\" After waiting a few moments to see that what he'd said had sunk in, he continued \"But there are forms of payment other than cash, if you'd prefer.\" Now we were getting to the point. Heart surgeons aren't responsible for their patients' bills. He wouldn't be having this conversation with us unless he was after something in particular. \"What do you want?\" I asked. \"I want your body,\" he replied, looking straight at Eugene. We exchanged brief looks of incredulity. No. He can't have meant that the way it sounded. \"Sorry, but I'm afraid not,\" said Eugene in a perfectly matter-of-fact tone. \"Vincent has a prior claim.\" \"Since you'd be paying his debts, I don't think he'd have much ground to object.\" It was becoming less and less likely that this was a misunderstanding. What kind of pervert would even want … the same thing I wanted. But that was different. \"Besides, I won't take anything from you until after you're dead. He'll probably be long gone by then anyway – no offence meant, of course.\" Very different. What the hell? He looked at me, puzzled, and I realised I'd said that aloud. \"Remember the conversation we had about the ways of getting around transplant regulations? This is one of them. Leave your body to this hospital, and we'll consider the high quality organ donations more than enough payment for the surgery and subsequent care.\" \"Human organs as currency? That sounds awfully illegal to me,\" commented Eugene. \"Possibly. But somehow I doubt that will be a huge stumbling block for you.\" \"Not only illegal – it sounds unenforceable. No court would acknowledge that kind of deal, and I don't see what you could do about it if someone said yes then decided on their death bed that they'd rather be scattered over the ocean. Relying on an honour system isn't the best plan for dealing with criminals, which anyone who agreed to this very illegal -\" \"He isn't threatening to let the cheque bounce,\" I interrupted. I hadn't thought I'd ever be able to speak to the doctor again without laughing hysterically or dying of embarrassment, but Eugene was forcing my hand. Harburg looked ready to strangle him. \"He doesn't care what happens to his body. This is his idea of making conversation.\" \"I … see,\" said Haburg slowly. \"Well, as you pointed out, we are criminals here. White collar criminals by preference, of course, but we can be flexible. And the nature of our work at this hospital gives us connections to the kind of people who tend to have even fewer scruples about legality than we do. Now, are you going to sign or does someone have to break your thumbs to convince you we know how this works?\" \"I was just asking. Of course I'll do it, it's the easiest payment plan I've ever heard of.\" There were five messages waiting for me when I got home. The first was from Lamar. He calmly wished me well, and said that since I hadn't seemed quite myself when I told him he could say I was abducted by aliens for all I cared, he'd taken the liberty of dipping into my unused vacation time to explain my absence from work. The next was from my supervisor, who wanted to make it clear that he did not take kindly to employees taking off on holiday without requesting permission in advance. The fact that I'd been his predecessor's golden boy did not put me above the rules, and he was seriously considering withdrawing my offer to join the Oberon mission. German, saying that while of course the hospital wouldn't tell him anything, he'd be obliged if someone would let him know whether or not I was dead. He did have the decency to say he hoped I was not, though the effect was spoiled by his comment that he'd probably find out soon enough in any case, since my paycheque was due next week. Cesar's message seemed to be meant for Eugene. He simply said that while he assumed there wouldn't be a funeral, he'd send a wreath unless that would arouse suspicion among the neighbours. Optimistic as always. Irene said that she was concerned. Her exact words. \"Jerome … I mean, Vincent. This is Irene Cassini. I haven't seen you at work, and I'm concerned.\" Once, a lifetime ago, I would have found the odd formality of that message endearing. Now, however, the thought of answering her – or any of them, actually – made my head ache. I would have to do it, of course, and sooner rather than later. Just not now. I pushed back from the desk. The idea of lying down during the day seemed somehow shameful; but they'd told me to rest, and I was exhausted. \"I'm going to bed,\" I said finally, giving in. Eugene nodded. \"I'll go with you.\" \"The doctor was very specific,\" I reminded him. \"Not for at least three weeks.\" \"That's not what I was talking about. Someone needs to make sure you don't wake up dead.\" He sighed, and added \"Besides, the last time I got to touch you was when I was giving you CPR.\" There was a faint bruise on my right hand that said otherwise, but I didn't argue the point. I did miss the kind of touch that didn't leave bruises, after all. \"Fine. Let's go.\" When we got to the bedroom, I started to lift the hem of my shirt, then hesitated as the twinge in my ribs reminded me what lay underneath. \"Could you look somewhere else?\" I asked. \"Why?\" \"Because – oh, for God's sake, never mind.\" I kicked off my shoes and lay down. Explaining why I suddenly didn't want him looking at my bare chest or letting him see the strapped ribs, fresh scar, patches of mottled purple bruises and clear signs of recent weight loss – I didn't know which would be worse. They'd both get me the same look of pity. I could sleep in my clothes. He pulled himself up onto the bed beside me. \"I mean it. Why? It's one scar. It can't be worse than the ones I was covered with when you first kissed me. If you didn't care about those, why would I care about this?\" All right, maybe I'd underestimated him a little. I closed my eyes wearily. \"It's not just the scar.\" \"You look perfectly normal for someone just out of hospital.\" \"Exactly. I look weak, and ill – no-one looking at me now would ever believe I'm you.\" Eugene was silent for a while. At last, he said \"Do you have to be?\" That caught my interest. \"Sorry?\" \"Do you want to stay at Gattaca now there's no chance of going back up?\" I couldn't say I did. Gattaca itself had never been more than a means to an end. But after that end had been accomplished, I'd stayed there, because … where else would I go? This was the life I'd built for myself, and if nothing else, it was a hell of a lot better than what I'd left behind. \"Not particularly. But I'd still much rather be a navigator than a janitor.\" \"Obviously. I wasn't suggesting that.\" \"What do you suggest I do, then?\" \"We could go travelling.\" That phrase set off faint alarm bells, and I raised my head up to look at him. He rolled his eyes. \"It's not a euphemism. You've been to Titan, but never set foot outside the USA. You'd be surprised how many countries out there would welcome you even with your own profile – birth rates have been dropping since people stopped conceiving the old-fashioned way, and some places use immigration to make up the difference.\" \"Does 'some places' mean 'third world places'?\" \"Not always. But there are things we could do here too – there are jobs that can be done online, where you never have to meet the person who hires you. No-one would ever know there were two of us. Or we could get more involved in the black market. There are always opportunities there, and if anyone understands the industry, we do.\" Now that was an interesting idea. \"Jerome Morrow is still young,\" I said, thinking out loud. \"He's already had very successful careers in two different fields. No-one would be surprised if a man like that decided to expand his horizons, branch off into a new area – and with that profile and that resume, who'd turn him down?\" \"It shouldn't be too hard for us to find another angst ridden Invalid with dreams of glory,\" said Eugene. \"If we do it right, we could more than make back the money German got out of us this time.\" Becoming Jerome Morrow had given me a new life. Now that I didn't need the name to be happy anymore, it seemed only fitting to pass it on and give someone else the second chance they wanted so badly. I found myself drifting off as Eugene talked about where we could look for candidates. My post-hospital exhaustion didn't bother me anymore, however. I might as well take the rest while I could get it – from what I remembered of the transition, we were going to have a lot on our plates when we found our man.","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own any rights to Gattaca, and this is not for profit. --- A pair of nurses wal","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  M - English - Hurt Comfort Romance - Chapters: 7   - Words: 21,209 - Reviews: 26 - Favs: 38 - Follows: 55 - Updated: 11 11 2011 - Published: 3 28 2010 - id: 5849271 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"A New Kind of Reality","Author":"Hazel Ashwood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4993455","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I wish, but I ownnnothing except Hazel, Matt and Harriet. It was an unseasonably cold andncloudy day, that late summer's eve. But he observed that she wasnout running anyways. And once again, she was underdressed for thencold weather. Loki groaned inwardly as he thought to himself, whilenwatching her from above, whennwill she learn? She knows that this will only make her even sicker.nShe's a idiot for even being out in this kind of weather either shendoesn't notice, or she's a bigger fool than I thought she was,nbecause a storm's blowing in. And it's going to be a big one. She was fighting for breath asnshe tried to finish her last two miles before her parents got homenclutching a stitch in her side, they didn't like her running aroundnthe country-side alone, while managing to remain completely obliviousnto the angry black clouds rolling in over her head. A thought flashednthrough her mind. Whynis running so hard today? She thought, I betternnot be sick again, that would be the third time this month, thoughnwith my luck I probably am. A suddennburst of thunder startled her, so absorbed had she been in her ownnthoughts and she tripped over a tree root that had been as good asninvisible to her. She was sent flying before she fell back to earthnwith a yelp where she landed on her head before she'd had a chancento react; she tumbled head over heels as the world turned black. He was slowly striding up tonOdin, the All-father's throne when he said, \"Dad, let me go freenfor just ten minutes so I can rescue the mortal girl. She'sndrowning. Let me go save her.\" \"Why should I let you save her?\" laughed Odin .n\" If you let me gonto her,\"bargainednLoki, \"I will resign to my fate of being imprisoned in the lowernheavens, unpleasant and unfair as it may be, and never bother younagain, which I'm sure would make both of us very happy. \"And hownam I to believe what you are saying now when you have failed at everynother task you have been giving?\" sneered hisnfather. \"Dad ,\" answered Loki,nspitting out the word like rotted meat, \"I think we both know hownthis will turn out if we keep at it like this,\" he continued hisnlight brown eyes narrowed in barely suppressed anger. \"You'llnyell at me, informing me once again what a poor excuse for a son Inam, I'll tell you what a bad father YOU are, we'll argue, andnthen I'll storm out and sneak down to Earth anyways. So really,\"smirked Loki,nbeginning to sound sarcastic, \"I'm actually being very politencoming here and asking your permission to go down. And,\"he added, his voicentaking back its razor tone. \" Everynsingle second wenspend arguing right now is one second closer to the minute that girlngoes over the waterfall, and hits the rocks. So I suggest you let mengo and save yourself all of this trouble,\"finished Loki, hisneyes glinting with both anger and triumph. At this, Odin stared atnhis son; very aware of the precious seconds ticking past. Finally hensaid, \" Fornyour courage, you may go. But only for ten minutes.\" But before Odin had evennfinished his sentence, Loki was down on Earth, shifting into the formnof a great cartoonish-looking heron and diving down to save the girlnjust as she went over the edge of the roaring waterfall. \"Hold on!\"nsaid Loki through a clenched beak as he grabbed the girl out of thenair with his talons just before she hit the unforgiving rocks thatnhad awaited her at the bottom. Just then the rain started, itncame down in great angry sheets and Loki lost his already precariousnbalance on the air and both he and the girl tumbled down to thengrassy banks on the other side and rolled to a stop. \"You're safennow,\" said Loki as he shifted back into human form. He started tonwalk away but before he had gotten even ten feet, a thought crossednhis mind, I can'tnleave her out in the rain like this; she could get sick, and besidesnno matter how you look at it, there's no possible way that that onentrip could have carried her all the way down here, I better carry hernback up. And with that thought, henchanged once again, into the form of a huge cartoonish-lookingnpanther, with a large jaw, gigantic paws and a flicking tail. He thennheaved the girl onto his back and jumped from ledge to ledge until hencame to a tree that was conveniently believably close to where shenhad originally fallen. Here Loki set her down undernits large spreading branches and shifted back, once again, to hisnhuman form. He then partially dried the girl's t-shirt and jeans asnmuch as he could without it being too suspicious. After that wasndone, he slowly took off his precious, ancient necklace and placed itnby the girl's head. Somethingnfor her to remember me by, Lokinthought kindly, butnmostly to mix things up, its way too boring up there anyways, there'snno one to prank, thengod added with a quiet chuckle. Just then his timer started to go offnwith its ever annoying beeping. Grimacing, Loki started back up tonhis prison and his sure to be sneering father. Finally, thought Loki to himself smiling, thenperfect time to teach that pompous fool a thing or two, and I havenall the time in the world. Andnhe disappeared into the mist. \"Ohhhh …\" she groaned asnshe rolled over and rubbed the painful knot on the side of her headn\"how'd I get this?\"she wondered aloud , and then she winced as a splatter of icy rainwater fell mockinglynfrom the wide, spreading branches over her head to land on hernalready cold neck. But as she raised her hand to wipe it off, hernother arm brushed against something that felt strangely cool, likenmetal almost. The rain on her necknforgotten, she held it up to her face to look at it. Well, it wasnmetal but it was also like no design she had ever seen before, exceptnmaybe in an antique shop, it looked foreign and it was shaped like andiamond, but instead of having two sharp points for a top and bottom,nit had three, two on top and one on bottom, and the sharp sides werenrounded. On each side it also had two triangular holes, with a darkncircular emerald set in-between them, polished to a shine that wasnonly enhanced by the extra water on it. The pendant was strung on anshort, black, leathery-feeling cord. When her thumb touched it ansudden image flashed in her mind, a man, she thought, of averagenheight and slight build with spiky hair wearing a black leathernovercoat, seemingly average, nothing special, but no. This man wasndifferent. There was an air of mystery to him, his face in shadow,nand the edges of his form blurred. And then she was back under thentree, wet and cold. The girl hit her head innfrustration, and then winced in pain at the forgotten knot.After the pain fadednto a dull throb, out of habit, she glanced at her watch to make surenthat the water hadn't damaged it and saw the time. \" What?!\"She exclaimed seeingnthat it was 5:50. \"I better get back home, quick because if mom andndad are already home, they'll kill me! Or at least ground me andnforbid me to date until I'm married.\"The girl added as annafterthought. Then after dusting herself off and making sure thatnnothing was out of place, she ran into the rain, tripping butncatching herself many times as she hurriedly sprinted the remainingnmile to her two-story stone and brick house ducking so that she wasnalmost bent over double. As if that could stop the rain from hittingnher. Once there, she fumbled withnher keys and quietly unlocked the back door and slipped in, trying tonmake as little noise as possible. She cocked her head and listenednfor any sounds, hearing none she let herself slump against the wallnand breath a sigh of relief. Suddenly she felt something brush upnagainst her leg. \"Ahh!\"She exclaimed,njumping at least a foot into the air then she turned around toonsee…her cat purring deeply and rubbing against her leg. She breathed a sigh ofnrelief, \"I thought you were one of my parents, though what theynwould be doing down there I don't know,\"then the girl pickednup the purring cat and cuddled him. Then she carried him to her roomnand gently set him down on the bed while she stripped off hernsaturated clothes and threw them in the laundry hamper. She slippednon a pair of sleek, Japanese-styled pants and a loose Mexican-printednyellow shirt that horribly clashed with each other. After she was changed, shendramatically fell onto her soft bed and examined the talisman (whatnelse could you call it?) and pondered aloud, \"oh, Zane! I'm sonconfused! Who is that guy I saw? And why did I see him? Oh my ashes,nI sure hope he's not a stalker, which would be kind of creepy,nthey're weird. Though at least he's not fat.\"here Zane wasnstaring at her, \"oh don't worry silly, no need to be jealous,\"she laughed,nstroking his ears. \"I'm not interested in him; over-weightnstalkers just naturally scare me more than slim ones. They are justnmore intimating. Ugh, but this is all just so weird.\" Shencontinued, returning to her original topic. \"If I understood even halfnof this mess I'd be happy, oh but whom am I kidding? I wouldn'tnwant to understand just half of this! I'm too curious for that.nThough half would be at least a tiny bit better than none. Then maybenI could figure out the rest.\" Zane rubbed his sleek headnagainst her shoulder seemingly sympathizing with her. Suddenly anhappy thought came to the girl as she sat on her bed slowly strokingnZane. Oh , I forgot! Shenremembered. Mom andndad are both working until seven for the rest of the week! Andntonight they're stopping at the store too! \"Yay!\"She exclaimed aloud.n\"Now I don't have to worry about either one of them finding menrunning! At least this week. Neither one of them will be home untilnat least seven-thirty. That means tomorrow I can go have another looknaround where I found the talisman!\"she finished withnall the hints of a smile beginning to show on her soft face. It wasntoo late for her to go and have a look that night, so she down intonher bed to examine the talisman a little longer, turning it overnagain and again as she wondered where it had come from. After that got old, she justnlay back on the bed absent-mindedly stroking Zane's sleek pelt, thentalisman's cord wrapped twice around her wrist as she daydreamednabout the mysterious man whom her mind connected the appearance ofnthe talisman to. She pondered what he looked like, what hisnpersonality was, and generally drove herself crazy. She allowed herself to laynthere for a few minutes, listening to the cracks of thunder, andnwatching the flashes of lightening as they danced across her sea-bluenroom. Then she dragged herself off of her bed and went to preparenwhat dinner her meager cooking skills would allow. The time seemed tonfly by because the next thing she knew, the gentle hum of the garagendoors penetrated her thoughts. Matt and Harriet Ambi. Shenalways thought fondly of her parents. But both of them worked longnhours and rarely had any spare time to spend with her. Every morningnthey were gone before she was even up. Though her mother madenbreakfast for her whenever she could, this wasn't very often. Andnthe meals their daughter made for herself were rarely half as healthynas what her mother prepared for her. As often as not she would justncatch some pop tarts and a carton of milk at school in the mornings.nIt was a good thing that she ran so much. She might miss out on a lot ofnthings, but milk was not one of them. She must have drunk at leastnhalf a quart every day, but this did not made up for her lack ofnnutrition. Dinners were rarely much better than the other meals. TaconBell and McDonalds were well known names at her house. To try to makenup for this, her mother would go to great lengths to cook delicious,nwell-balanced meals on the weekends. Occasionally her dad would evennpitch in and help. But this was only Monday night and any hopes ofngood tasting; nutritious food would have to be postponed for anothernfour days, though today she had gone to the trouble to make dinnernfor the three of them. Tonight's dinner happened to be pork chopsnwith mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables on the side. The girl rushed to the laundrynroom door to greet her parents and help unload the groceries as theyncame inside. \"Hey mom! Hey Dad!\"She called as shenopened the garage door, \"welcome home! Did you both have a nice daynat work?\" \" YesnHazel, I had a good day,\" replied hernmother, choosing to answer first, \"it went by fast and before Inknew it I was pulling up the driveway.\" \"Glad to hearnit,\" Hazel replied turning to her dad, \"and how was your dayndad?\" \"Well,\" answered hernfather, drawing it out, \"my day went similar to your mothers, onlynit's a relief to all of us that these temperatures are finallyndropping, it makes the work in the warehouse much easier. And ifnwe're lucky, we will be done with inventory next week.\" \" That's greatndad!\" Hazel exclaimed in return, giving him a big hug. \"We'llnall be really glad to have you back home earlier. And you too mom.\" She added,nturning to her mother, since she could start coming home at a regularntime the following week also But as Hazel stood there andnsmiled and then helped with the groceries. Little did she know hownmuch her life would soon change.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I wish, but I own nothing but Hazel, Matt, Harriet and Emily. At first I wasn't going to continue this, but you guys convinced me. I'm introducing Loki slowly into the story line, and you'll see a lot more of him next chapter. BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! Hazel's alarm clock sounded loudly (very loudly). She groaned loudly as she lay on her bed. Covering her head with a pillow before fumbling with the buttons on the top of her Mario alarm clock for at least a minute before finally finding the one that shut off the beeping. It had become so loud that Zane, her cat, tried to claw it into submission. He was looking pretty pleased with himself when the alarm finally stopped. Think you stopped the alarm now do you? Thought Hazel, way too asleep too actually bother with talking. \"Ugh,\"she groaned before she rolled out of her bed. Literally. Rolled out of it. She somehow managed to forget almost on a daily basis that her bed was not even with the floor. She stood up again unusually quick with the impression that someone was watching her. Looking around self-consciously, Hazel came to the conclusion, that no one was around she knew of to see her but her cat. This impression, that someone was watching her, had been happening increasingly often ever since she had found that weird looking necklace a month ago. Hazel wondered if someone had put one of those little high-tech cameras on the necklace to spy on whoever found it. No, she thought to herself, that's ridiculous, though if somebody had put a camera on it, it would have been the FBI ( Federal Buro of Idiocy). That would be interesting though, I wonder how someone could even make a camera that small, I mean, I know they make them I just don't know how-. Her meaningless thoughts were interrupted when Zane started to bat at her pajama leg with his front paws, signaling that he was ready for her to feed him. \"O.k., you big hotshot , \"answered Hazel, yawning, \"I guess I could get you some breakfast, and then me some too.\" She then walked sleepily down the hallway and down the stairs to their rustic, log cabin like kitchen. She swiped a can of A Cats Delight from a lower cupboard and scraped it into Zane's food dish and then re-filled his water dish while he had his breakfast. \"And now for me,\"Hazel announced, clapping her hands together, \"what shall it be this morning? A bagel perhaps? Or maybe frozen French toast? How could I ever choose? They all sound so good!\"She declared sarcastically, pretending to be a morning person, which she was not. \"Eh, I guess I'll have a bagel, I too lazy this morning to put anything in the toaster.\" So she grabbed a pre-cut bagel from the pantry and spread some strawberry cream cheese on it. Slapping both halves together again to make a sandwich, Hazel bit into it with straight white teeth. She grabbed a glass from a cupboard, poured in milk and added an ice cube. Sitting at the mahogany breakfast table, Hazel thought, wow, this is such a healthy breakfast I'm surprised that I'm not six feet tall right now, as she looked at the bagel sandwich and glass of milk. Oh, well, and dismissing the thought, she wolfed down the bagel, washing it down with great gulps of milk before hurrying of to the shower. Hazel took a quick shower and then dried her hair and hurriedly pulled on a sweatshirt that had ' oh sorry, did you say something? I was too busy ignoring you' on its front and a pair of jeans before saying good-bye to Zane, grabbing her backpack and Spanish book and running out the door and down the hill to catch the bus before it left without her. Once on the bus she sat down at her normal seat, in front of her best friend Emily Kerford. And speaking of Emily, \"hey Hazel!\"She called out as Hazel approached her seat, \"how was your weekend?\" \"Eh, good, good, can't really complain, I ate, slept, lived. All the basics. How about you?\" \"Pretty much the same,\"answered Emily, \"though at least I showered.\" \"Ha ha, very funny,\"answered Hazel with a grin on her face. \"So, you ready for that killer test 's giving us?\" \"Aww wait, you mean that that test was today?\" Emily grimaced. \"Ya, unfortunately for all of us students ,\" came Hazel's reply, \"Did you study?\" \"Me? Study? Ha! As if I'd sink so low.\"scoffed Emily in reply. \"At least she's our only test today,\"continued Hazel, \"all the other teachers know better than too test us on Mondays, everybody's so tired, they wouldn't notice if there was a wild grizzly bear sitting at one of the desks.\" \"True, true,\"answered Emily. The two girls continued to discuss scenarios of chaos in the classrooms, many involving missing teachers. Emily and Hazel walked lethargically off of the bus behind a crowd of other kids discussing their weekend and how evil it was that they had to go to school on Mondays. \"So,\"said Emily, \"what is that Calculus test on anyways?\" \"I'm not completely sure,\"pondered Hazel, \"though I think it has something too do with finding the derivative and normal line.\" \"Oh, good,\"answered Emily, relieved, \"I thought it was over something hard, like tangents or something.\" \"Nope!\"replied Hazel, \"just boring old lines and graphs. Ya know I'm beginning to wonder what we'll ever use this stuff for. I mean, sure they say we HAVE to know it and all, but when will we ever really use it?\" \"So true,\"came Emily's forlorn reply. \"When will we ever have to know to graph (9, 4), (5, -3) on an x-axis in our lives?\" \"Ya ,\" sighed Hazel. Then a lull of silence snaked into their conversation as they dodged, and pushed, and 'excuse me'd' their way through the hallway and down the stairs. They stopped for a second and the crowd of mixed high-schooler's parted around them and went down the monotonous long hallway with its dim lighting and dull colors. \"I can't believe they actually put a Math Class in this hallway; it's already so dreary and depressing it makes you want to commit suicide,\"monotoned Emily while waving her hand, \"the math is just adding to that atmosphere. I'm surprised that nobody's splashed a bucket of orange paint all over it or something.\" \"Ya,\"added Hazel, adjusting her backpack, \"I think that should be a project for Art Club. To add some life to this barren waste land of attempted learning.\" \"That would be a very interesting project,\" agreed Emily, \"but sadly, that's also the reason why Dr. Manca hasn't approved of it, because it would be so good for our morale, we might start to prank him again.\" \"Ya,\"said Hazel, \"he couldn't have that, but remember the time when James and Ariel switched out his hair gel for hot pink dye?\" \"And he walked around for half the day before he realized it?\"Added Emily. \"Ya!\"Laughed Hazel, \"that was hilarious!\"Their loud laughs earned them several stares and temporary silence in the hall around them. \"Lets get to class before we're late ,\" said Hazel glumly when she saw the time on the clock over their heads. \"Oh crud!\"Emily exclaimed when she saw the time as well; \" would kill us if we were late on a test day!\" The two juniors practically ran down the hallways that were almost cleared. They slid into their seats just as the bell rang. The girls both sighed in relief. \"Quiet class!\"Yelled , achieving immediate silence over the class of conversing sophomores. \"Talking is something to be done in the hallway. Not in my class. Now take out a pencil and a sheet of paper; I'm going to pass your tests out. And I expect silence for the remainder of the period.\"Then she passed out the test and went and sat down at her desk offering a smoldering glare for any who looked at her. Just looking at the test made Hazel feel depressed. Aw man, she thought, why does she have to give us a three-page test on a Monday? It just isn't right. Oh well, I mise as well get started on this monster. It's not going to do itself. No matter how much I would like it to. So she picked up her pencil and started on problem one. But what she didn't know as she struggled with the problems was that someone really was watching her. \"Not much longer now,\" the god whispered quietly to himself chuckling, \"not much longer.\" \"So, how do you think you did on the test?\"Asked Emily to Hazel. \"Well, I think I did well, but then again, you can never really tell. I've thought that I'd gotten a perfect score before, and then I got my test back and I had gotten a C-.\" Said Hazel, \"How do you think you did?\" \"I think I did okay, but I'd be surprised if I got a higher score than a B.\" After that the day flew by for Hazel. Emily's chatter fell meaninglessly on her ears, and she could barely keep up with what she was saying. Where she would usually add a witty remark, she just said 'Ya' or 'cool'. She was too wrapped up in her own thoughts to really pay attention in class. Even in art, which was her favorite. And in orchestra where she would usually be completely absorbed in the music as a section leader should be, she didn't even hear her own playing, or remember to reprimand the rest of the section with her 'scary face' when a blaring error was played. It was like there was something she was forgetting, something important. She just couldn't let it go. It felt like she had it several times but then just as she was about to remember what it was, it slipped away again leaving her grasping at thin air. Before she knew it, she was running down a well-worn path away from her house. She didn't even remember when school had ended, or riding the bus home, or changing clothes. Aside from the algebra II test that morning, she couldn't remember a single thing she had done that day. This is odd, she thought to herself as she continued to run along the trail and up a hill, I'm usually not the most observant person, and sometimes I can't remember walking to class, but that's two minutes. And I just spaced out for over six hours. Can't remember ever doing that before. Six hours. Wow that's a long time. After that, she just ran for a while without thinking until she came up to the old gnarled oak tree where she had woken up a week ago in the rain. She stopped for a moment at its roots and took the necklace that she had found there from around her neck. She turned it in the light of the sun behind her back, making the dark emerald sparkle in the sunrays. Oh, where did you come from? She thought, frustrated, who do you belong to? Is it that man I saw? Is he your owner? And if he were, why on earth would he leave something as precious as you just lying around? He didn't lose you, I know that much at least, or he would have come back to look for you since then. \"Oh, who is your owner?\"She said aloud, growing more and more frustrated. \"If only I knew. Oh great, look at me, I'm reduced to talking to a necklace. This is pathetic. I better just keep running.\" So she continued on with her run, being chewed up inside with curiosity the whole way. She couldn't help but think about the necklace. It was almost a relief to her when her feet finally brought her home again. Usually at this point, she changed, took a shower and watched TV. But today for some reason she just couldn't. She just had to go back. But no! No! She wouldn't give in today. Hazel would stay inside if she had to drop Zane in a vat of toxic waste and then make him tie her down. She would stay inside. So she crashed onto the couch and gritted her teeth. Though she did not know it, at that same moment a slightly battered black car pulled up to her long driveway and began the assent. When it came to the top, a man of medium height with slicked-back black hair and a neat yellow pinstriped suit stepped out and walked to the door. Showtime , he thought, fixing his collar.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I wish, but I own nothing but Hazel, Matt, Harriet and Emily. Sorry this chapter took so long, I've been busy with finals and haven't had time to update. Enjoy! After Hazel had been stewing in her misery and frustration for a minute, the doorbell rang. Well… thought Hazel, she usually didn't answer the door but what the heck! She way just dying to slam the door in some poor salesman's face. Let 'er at 'im! The salesman rang the doorbell and a few seconds later it was answered by a slight teenage girl with short brunette hair and glowering green-hazel eyes that slightly scared him, which was no small feat. Right as he opened his mouth from his oversized smile to start his sales pitch and worm his way into the house, she yelled, \"Get your ash tray offa my land you miserable piece of French toast!\" and slammed the door right in his astounded face! He just stood there in amazement mouth agape. Nobody had talked to him like that (at least, that's what he thought, he really wasn't sure what she had said) for over five hundred years! Wow. Just…wow. What a girl. What a… he didn't even know the right word to describe her, girl. \"Well\", said Hazel happily after she slammed the door, \"that was rather satisfying,\" and she went back skipping to sit on the couch, her energy expelled. \"Time for some TV.\" she said, picking up the remote. \"I'm thinking Torchwood, I need something good and violent right now.\" As she sat there, watching the show containing great smiles, violent aliens and computers, the 'poor salesman' was sitting in his car, fuming, and silently formulating a new plan. Hazel was walking home from school and enjoying the lovely weather, it was only sixty and she wanted to make it last as long as possible. She was leisurely strolling home and was about halfway there when an sharp-angled black car drove by, at least that's what she thought it was going to do (she hated passing traffic on the small country road, it made her nervous). But then it stopped a mere twenty feet behind her and a man in a black leather jacket and a leather shirt, with strangely spiked hair got out and began to briskly walk towards her. The minute that car had begun to slow down, Hazels mind had gone on red alert, though she had tried to hide it. That strange man actually getting out and walking towards her had been the last straw. \"Spiky weirdo!\" Hazel yelled over her shoulder taking frantically off. Being a person that ran every day; surely she could outrun this freak. Hazel looked over her shoulder for a second and saw that the man was no longer behind her. She breathed a sigh of relief and was about to stop when she ran into something soft but unyielding and fell flat on her back. Glad that her unwieldy backpack had cushioned her fall, she looked up to see what she had run into. She froze for a moment in fear, it was the weirdo! Run! yelled her brain, though something inside her thought otherwise. Why did this man seem so familiar? She decided to ignore it. The 'wierdo' as she called him looked down at her and actually felt a little sorry; maybe he shouldn't have scared the girl this much. Her earth green eyes looked up at him, wide with fright. Oh all right, he thought with a sigh, he'd do his good deed for the year and tell her who he was. \"Girl- ouff!\" he ended up saying because she had gotten to her feet surprisingly quickly and nailed him in the gut with her backpack. How can they survive carrying these things around all the time? he thought as he fell to the ground, gasping this thing must weigh a hundred pounds! This is the last time I take pity on a human! \"Haha!\" she laughed back at him as she made her speedy getaway. She didn't know how he had caught up on her so fast before, but with a history, pre calc. book and a months worth of papers and junk laying on his chest, he was down for the count. She ran, quite literally, for the hills, she knew them better than anyone, and once inside them not a person existed who could find her. Hazel settled down in her typical hiding place-a grassy hole in the side of a hill that even she, being slight, could barely fit into. The hole itself was spacious enough, but the entrance was tiny. There was no way in heck that this man would be able to find her, and even if he did, there's no way he could fit in. Hazel stretched out and settled in with a smirk. She was safe. After the girl disappeared behind the hills, the strange man lay there for a minute, thoroughly winded, and contemplated his next move. She might have had a head start, but there was nowhere she could possibly go in those exposed, treeless, hills that he could not find her. With some effort he pushed the heavy backpack off his chest and walked into the hills to get her. Hazel had been lying in her grassy hideaway for about five minutes when she saw legs in front of her hole. Instantly she froze, he must not find her. Suddenly she heard him speak to himself, \"ugh, where are you girl? I'm getting tired of this. I will find you!\" Keep dreaming! thought Hazel jeeringly. She almost burst out laughing. How funny was this! He was calling and searching virtually every place but the one where she actually was. Too bad for him. About another twenty minutes had passed when she heard him walking around by her again. He sounded tired. Hazel snickered quietly, this was just too funny! All of a sudden it was pitch black inside her hideout. Something must be blocking the light she thought. But when she looked up she froze in fear. The thing blocking the light was the weirdo's head. \"Well, well, well,\" he chuckled, \"here we are at last.\" \"Ha!\" Hazel snorted, feigning confidence, \"like you could get in here, you're way too big to fit.\" she said, scooting out of his reach, just in case. \"I might be too big to fit in,\" he said smiling, \"but you're not too big to come out.\" \"Tch!\" she snorted gracelessly, \"and what exactly makes you think that I would do that?\" \"Oh, I'm sure you will have no choice,\" he said back, hooking his arms on the inside of the entrance hole. \"What do you mean?\" Hazel asked, starting to get comfortable in the fact that he was out there, she was in there and absolutely nothing was going to change. \"Look,\" said Wierdo, removing his arms from the sides of the hole to make a point, \"I don't think you really understand. I'm a god . I can shape time. I can-\" here he gave a little laugh. \"I can twist reality . You really don't want to mess with me.\" \"Tch!\" she snorted again, not willing to take the bait. \"Ya right!\" and to show what she thought of him, she gathered momentum and planted a firm kick right in the middle of his chest. He made no sound as he fell backwards onto the grass behind him. Only a slight 'ouff' as he hit the ground. Hazel laughed quietly at his injured dignity. He stood up very fast and quickly dusted himself off. There would be no murder reports on the news tonight Hazel now knew. This idiot couldn't hurt a fly even if he wanted to. But even now as she looked at his blazing light brown eyes, she couldn't possible take him seriously. His lordly air was just too funny for that. He glared at her. \"Okay, now you've really done it!\" he raged, \"You're going to come out of that hole even if it kills me!\" \"And how exactly is that twinkle toes?\" Hazel questioned, still repressing the overwhelming urge to laugh. While she was still laughing inside, he suddenly, oh how to describe it? He jumped forward and became thinner for just a split second. Before Hazel was even aware of what was happening, he was inside the hole with her. Sitting there now, too startled to speak with twinkle toes glaring at her evilly with pale brown eyes, she wasn't so sure that the local news station wouldn't have a little something extra to add. \"Heh, heh,\" she laughed nervously, \"hello.\" He just continued to glare at her, almost like he was enjoying it. Her eyes flicked to the open hole, just for a second, and so did his. He grinned at her mischievously. Hazel began to feel claustrophobic, the warm earth seeming to close in around her, suffocating her. She panicked and made a sudden dodge for the exit. Twinkle toes grabbed her arm and roughly pulled her back in. \"Now I will have no more of that.\" He stated to her frankly. As an afterthought he added, \"My name is Loki, just so you know, I will have no more of this 'twinkle toes' business. That's no way to treat a god.\" Slowly realizing that he wasn't going to harm her, Hazel regained her comebacks. \"Well,\" she started sarcastically, \"this is a real nice way to treat a human.\" \"Ha!\" twink-Loki laughed, picking a tuft of grass off his chest and folding his arms behind his head, \"don't make me bring up the Middle Ages! You little softies have it easy!\" \"Before we bring out the trash talk, I want to ask a question so my poor little human brain doesn't get anymore confused than it already is. Who are you? And why are you here?\" she asked, her head tilted to one side in curiosity. \"Well, well,\" he laughed sarcastically, \"don't we recover fast?\" \"What do you want?\" asked Hazel again. \"I can do this all day.\" \"Do you have any idea,\" said Loki suddenly, quietly looking into her green eyes, his face serious, \"do you have any idea how boring it is to be in one room all day and have nothing to do but watch the world below? How insufferably boring it is? I am Loki, the god of Mischief! And all I can do every day is sit in that room and watch your pitiful little human lives unfold. It's like watching a soap opera! Except this one never ends. It never ends .\" \"Wow,\" said Hazel, sufficiently awed. \"That really sucks. I'm sorry. A bit dramatic though.\" \"As I was saying before I got interrupted ,\" pouted Loki, shooting a glare a Hazel, \"I was bored, and I was watching all the boring little human lives go by when I came across you. You are the strangest, most random…enigma of a human being that I have come across in over three hundred years. And also the purest.\" Loki said this sincerely, looking her right in the eyes. She looked back at him, extremely flattered. \"What?\" Hazel asked half wishing this handsome stranger would say it again. Loki paused for a moment and then said, \"Every other person that I have ever seen, and that is a lot believe me, always has some under the table hidden motive for what they do. Everyone has some deep dark secret that they don't want anyone to know, some little hidden thing. Now you, Hazel, have none of this. You are simply you.\" \"Wow Loki,\" Hazel said in awe. Nobody had ever said anything like that about her before. She kind of liked it. \"Now my question was if you wanted to come with me to visit Valhalla. You wouldn't have to worry about aging, however long you stay with us, the gods, you will be exactly the same age and not a second will have passed when you wish to return.\" Hazel's body suddenly felt as if it were on fire. Valhalla? she thought, really? I…I can't believe it. An opportunity to live with gods . But is he really a god? Though that going through the hole trick was rather convincing, and how else could he have found me? No one else ever has. Ever. Okay. I think I'll say yes. At least it will let me find out if this 'Valhalla' really is a real place or not. If said place really does exist, I wonder what it looks like. Oh no, he's staring at me, I better give my answer. \"Yes,\" she answered, thinking that she should have an air conditioner installed. Boy was she hot. I hope you all enjoyed this chapter. Pretty please review so I know what you think![Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I wish, but I own nothing but Hazel, Matt, Harriet and Emily. I found this story again and thought I'd dust it off and update it. Hope you like it! \"Yes,\" she answered. \"Yes?\" Loki repeated, his fall-brown eyes crinkling in confusion. \"You would really leave everything you know here to liv-ahem!\" He coughed into the crook of his leather-covered arm. Hazel eyed him suspiciously. \"Yes?\" She drummed her fingers mockingly on her leg. \"Is the God of Mischief having a little trouble speaking?\" \"Me?\" Said god stuttered, \"Never. Now, as I was saying before you so rudely interrupted me, you would truly leave your life here to visit me? Wouldn't you miss your little human friends and family and the like? Humans do have silly emotions like that, don't they?\" Hazel laughed, \"I guess you haven't observed enough \"little humans\" because I have no problem with that. It's not that I don't like Emily and my parents, I like them very much. I've just never felt like I quite belonged with them. That's why I run so much, it makes the rest of the world seen a little farther away.\" She bit her lip and stared out of the hole, attempting to put words to her thoughts. \"What I'm trying to say is, when you showed up, it felt right. I know I slammed the door in your face when you came to my house earlier (that was really creepy by the way, don't do it again) but when I saw you, something clicked. If felt right .\" Loki pursed his lips, \"if it felt so right, then why did you run from me earlier? I almost felt a little insulted.\" \"You did kind of set yourself up for that one,\" Hazel shook her head. \"You can't just pull up beside a girl who's had even a whiff of the city in a black car! The \"rape\" alarm starts going off, and whatever I do after that I am not in any way responsible for. However cute the man that gets out of the car might be, the alarm goes off all the same.\" Loki had failed to hear anything after 'cute.' This is going better than I expected , he thought to himself. \"I guess I can forgive you, then. Let's get out of this hole, if I wasn't a god I wouldn't have even been able to fit in here.\" He shifted again and a second later was kneeling on the grass outside, offering his hand to Hazel. \"Please don't kick me in the chest this time.\" Wow , she thought. He's a god and a gentleman. I could do worse. She smiled coyly and raised a foot mockingly before accepting his hand. \"Thanks.\" He must have used his powers on her, because a second later she was standing beside him in the open. It felt a little disconcerting, like vertigo. \"Give me a little warning next time, huh? I feel like a rabbit that just got pulled out of a hat.\" The god smiled and laughed, showing straight white teeth, \"If you still want to visit Valhalla, you'll most likely experience much stranger things than that, Hazel. And that's if my family takes a liking to you.\" Hazel grimaced, \"I hadn't thought of anyone else, but I guess if one god is real the rest must be as well.\" \"They are mostly involved in their own affairs, Thor is the only one we are likely to run into. He always liked stopping by to torment me in my prison. He probably doesn't know that Father (that's Odin) freed me yet.\" Loki smiled at the thought. \"Well, would you like to get going? The sooner we leave the sooner you can meet Odin and we can be gone.\" \"How exactly does one get to Valhalla?\" Hazel questioned. \"A puff of smoke? A snap? A flying carpet? A well-trained dragon?\" Loki laughed, his eyes crinkling as he shook his head at her. \"Where did you get those ridiculous ideas? Flying carpets and dragons? Like anyone has managed to train a dragon well enough to carry passengers. For me, it's incredibly easy. I just focus on my quarters and I'm there. As for you, just take my hand.\" He extended his hand to Hazel, smiling reassuringly. She eyed it with the coy look of a cat making a decision. Should I? She wondered, how do I know I can trust him? He is the trickster god after all. How do I know what will really happen if I go with him? Loki huffed impatiently, \"Well? Do you want to go or don't you?\" Hazel looked again at his outstretched hand, it looked innocent enough. She noticed his skin was rather pale. He had long fingers too. In a second she made a decision. \"Yes, I want to go.\" With that, she took his hand. Before everything changed, her last thought was, his hand is warm. The world seemed to melt before her eyes. All of the colors and shapes and textures blended and crammed together until they united in a single line across the horizon. For a second, everything was held in that line, and the rest was darkness and they seemed to float in the air. Then the line exploded and jets of color burst from it and became shapes, they became a wood floor and painted walls and a bed and a dresser and a wardrobe. All of this happened before Hazel had time to blink. Before she could process the change, they were standing in what looked to be a large bedroom. The first thing she noticed was the smooth wooden floor that was solid and unyielding under feet. In front of them was a large bed, covered with an elegant black duvet that had a surface streaked with silver lines that made the black seem almost gentle. The rest of the room was simple, with a tall black wardrobe and dresser. Behind them in a corner was a black desk and padded chair that was covered with papers. On the desk sat the most interesting thing in the room, a wide and shallow green bowl that was filled with a liquid that shimmered and rippled with hidden lights. Loki turned his spiked head to Hazel, \"What do you think? It isn't much, but this is where I spend the last 500 or so years while I was being punished.\" Hazel simply stared blankly, turning in a circle to take in the new place. Her mouth opened and she laughed softly, unable to think of anything to say. \"I never thought I'd see another dimension.\" She said quietly, \"I always thought if I left Earth it would be in the TARDIS or something like that, not with a god.\" Loki smiled, his head growing a little larger. \"But I have to admit, this isn't quite what I was expecting. It seems so… ordinary .\" \"What?!\" He exclaimed, his head deflating to its normal size, \"You want extraordinary? I'll give you extraordinary! Come with me!\" Loki grabbed ahold of her hand and pulled her towards the door, missing the red tinge on her cheeks. He led them through a sitting room, though they sped through it so fast the only impression Hazel got was one of empty space. They came to a door and Loki threw it open and, grabbing her shoulders, thrust her outside. \"As you mortals say, check that out!\" Now she had plenty of time to gape at her new surroundings, and suddenly time lost all meaning. Outside, the house looked out on a vast ocean that twinkled and rolled in a way that no ocean on earth ever had, and the waves caressed a beach of white sand so fine it looked like a gigantic white blanket had been thrown in between the ocean and the grass. And the grass, that part was almost more impressive than the ocean. Rolling emerald hills were peppered by periodic oak trees that lent shade to a flowing stream that had the same twinkle to it that the ocean did. Loki smiled smugly, \"What do you say to that, sweetheart?\" It's the most beautiful thing I've seen in my life , she thought. \"It's alright, I guess. If you like vast oceans and rolling hills and stuff like that.\" He smirked at her again, his eyes crinkling in that adorable way. Wait, adorable? When did I start thinking that? \"You think you're pretty slick, don't you twinkle toes?\" Hazel taunted him. He laughed again, \"I don't think, sweetheart, I know. I am a god.\" \"We'll see,\" she smirked at him. \"Let's decide with a contest, running and swimming. Whoever kicks you-I mean, the most butt wins.\" \"What?!\" Loki exclaimed. \"I don't have to prove anything to you. This is my home after all. There's no question of who would win.\" \"Or is there?\" Hazel winked cheekily at his surprised face before dashing off, \"Whoever gets to that huge oak first is the first winner!\" Loki balked for a second before racing after her, \"Hey! This isn't fair! You got a head start!\" Sucker, she thought, for a god he's awfully naïve. \"Eat my metaphorical dust, 'god of mischief!'\" Hazel thought she was doing pretty well, the first time she looked back he was a good 10 yards behind her, after all, he wasn't the god of running. But suddenly she was thrown off her feet by something huge and furry, the next thing she knew she was lying face-down in the soft grass while a giant green panther was bounding the last few feet to the oak tree. She lay in the grass, balking. \"Hey! No shape-shifting, that isn't in the rules!\" The panther licked one of its huge paws smugly, \"You never specified how I could run. If I remember correctly, you were the one to get a head start on me . This was perfectly legal.\" \"Bah humbug.\" Hazel buried her head in the grass and ignored him completely. But it soon became hard to ignore the very human finger that was poking her in the back of the head. \"Stop it, you big green…thing.\" \"Not until you get up. There's still another competition for me to beat you at.\" Hazel could hear the smug satisfaction in his smooth voice and she got a devious idea. She rolled over on her back and stared at him kneeling over her, his leather jacket lying folded on the ground. \"I'll give you a competition!\" With that she grabbed ahold of his arms and flipped him so her was on his back beside her. \"How's that for competition, Loki?\" She grinned smugly down at him. \"You think you have a chance to pin me?\" She just had time to see a fire light in his fall-brown eyes before it was her who was pinned underneath him. Man, he's close. I didn't sign up for this. He leaned over her and whispered in her ear, \"You still think you have a chance?\" His breath tickled her ear and she squirmed. \"You'll never beat me, you traitorous little…\" Hazel trailed off, putting her energy to better use fighting against his iron grip. The more she fought, the more he fought back. Just when she thought was almost free, he lazily gripped her wrists and pinned them over her head, leaving her with no avenue for escape. He had her legs pinned with his, and the more she twisted and struggled, the more futile she realized it was. Great, she sighed, great . As she grudgingly gave up and looked at him again, she suddenly realized how close they were. She could feel the heat from him pressing against her, and she looked wordlessly into his pale eyes. He looked back, mesmerized, and the grip on her wrists and lets lessened. Hazel took the opportunity and flipped them so she was the one pinning him. \"Ha!\" She exclaimed. \"Who's the top god now?\" Loki thrashed fiercely and she struggled to keep her grip on his wrists and legs, but it wasn't easy. \"Give up!\" She covered as much of his body with hers as she could, trying to pin him through sheer determination. Suddenly her eyes grew wide as she realized the position she was in, she was pressed against a part of him that she'd never felt on a man before. Loki seemed to notice it at the same time as she did, and he stopped struggling. He looked at her with a serious expression, \"Why…hello, sweetheart. I didn't realize you liked me so much.\" I hope you all enjoyed the update. If you have the time, a review would be much appreciated.[Chapter 5] It's a little late, but here's chapter number 5! I can't make any promises about updating soon, but I know I'm leaving on a cliff hanger so I'll try to update as soon as I can. I have great ideas to continue this story with. Without further ado, here it is! Disclaimer: I own nothing but Hazel! He looked at her with a serious expression, \"Why…hello, sweetheart. I didn't realize you liked me so much.\" Hazel gaped, frozen in her embarrassment. \"Wha-what?\" she scrambled for words, \"I'm the one who's winning here, let's not change the subject-\" At that moment a deep voice rang out behind them, jarring her into a heap on the grass next to Loki's still prone form. \"Loki! This is the last place I would have expected to see you, brother.\" A tall muscular man with tousled blond hair strode up to the pair casually. \"When did father have a change of heart? First of all, when did he find a heart?\" The sunlight reflecting off the silver fittings on his black leather jerkin made Hazel squint. \"And who is this delightful creature?\" The man offered his hand to Hazel, lifting her effortlessly to her feet, before offering his hand to Loki. The proffered hand seemed to jar Loki from his daze and he jumped to his feet, coolly ignoring the hand. \"Hello to you too, brother.\" Loki said grudgingly. \"Hazel, this is my brother. Thor.\" Hazel extended her hand cheerfully, \"Hello, Thor. Well, that's one sentence I never thought I'd say. It's good to meet you.\" Thor grasped her hand in a firm shake, \"And you as well, my brother's never brought anyone here before. You must be unique.\" Hazel blushed and released his hand, \"Hardly. This stalker here just decided to bring me for a visit, and the opportunity was too good to pass up.\" Loki rallied at the mention of \"stalker.\" \"Whoa there, sweetheart. That's a harsh word. I've been imprisoned in that room for longer than you can comprehend, you're hardly the only human whose life I have watched.\" Hazel cocked an eyebrow, \"Whatever you say, Loki.\" Thor eyed the pair of them and burst into laughter. \"Whatever brought you here, you are clearly new to Valhalla. Can I offer you a tour?\" Hazel opened her mouth to accept, but Loki quickly interrupted. \"As nice of an offer as that is, surely you have something more important to do, brother?\" As Thor began to respond, his gaze fell to the angled silver necklace on a leather thong around Hazel's throat and his eyes softened. \"Of course, brother. I should have known, after all, you know this tour far better than I do. I will see you soon, though. Hazel, it was good to meet you. I am sure we will be seeing more of each other.\" Thor turned and strolled away, neither hurrying nor lagging. Loki sighed in relief and clasped his hands together. \"Well, that was fun. How about that tour?\" He placed his hand on Hazel's shoulder to guide her in the opposite direction when she met his eyes with a strange look. \"Thor was going to stay before he looked at this necklace you gave me, is there something important about it?\" Loki bit his lip, thinking. \"Nothing that can't be explained later, sweetheart. Thor is one for theatrics, it isn't anything important.\" Hazel met his fall-leaf eyes with her spring-leaf ones and smiled slightly. \"I can see you'd rather talk about it later. So, what is there to see here? Anyone else I should meet?\" Loki shook his head quickly, making his hair points shake. \"Nope! No one of importance, anyway. Come on, you can't go to sleep tonight without seeing the hall of Asgard or the Cliffs of Hyrr.\" Hazel smiled at his insistence and let herself be pulled in the direction of the trees. \"Sure, Loki. Let's go.\" Later that night… Night had come for the grassy knoll where Loki's cabin stood alone, the moonlight illuminating two figures running through the trees, one slim and stumbling and the other large and four-legged. \"Hey!\" Hazel cried, her eyes bright and her face flushed. \"Don't you try to trip me again! I think I've finally gotten the hang of running on this spinning ground.\" \"It isn't my fault you joined my cousin's drinking game before I could stop you. How could you think you could beat them? Especially when father joined in? I'm almost jealous. He didn't pat me on the back like that until I was almost 500.\" The green panther swiped unevenly again at Hazel's ankles, laying her harmlessly on the soft grass. \"And they literally drink nothing but mead.\" Hazel laughed into the green stalks helplessly, \"I earned that pat, and I have the quickly developing bruise to prove it. You know, you weren't exactly reluctant yourself. I can't say I've ever seen a panther drunk before. Especially a green one.\" She paused to laugh into the grass again before lifting her head. \"How did I never notice how funny you are before? You're green . Green!\" Loki sulked, his twitching tail matching his swaying body. \"You think green is funny?\" He shifted back to his human form, sitting quickly. \"Drunk standing is much easier with four legs, but I'm not green anymore.\" Hazel continued to laugh. \"But your hair ! Come on, Loki, have a sense of humor. I'm just laughing because I'm drunk. Everything gets more funny at night anyway. Even that glowering look you're giving me right now. Come on, you can't say chasing me back from Asgard wasn't a tiny bit fun.\" Hazel sat up and smiled at him. Loki relaxed his shoulders and smiled slightly, \"ok, you got me. It was fun. But not as fun as this,\" he knocked her back on the grass with a nudge of his elbow. He laughed at her sprawled form before her eyes took on a malicious glint, he struggled to get up before Hazel's arm sent him prone on the grass. \"Try to catch me now!\" Hazel sprinted for the door, stumbling as she went. Loki got unsteadily to his two feet and followed her, swaying as he ran. He didn't fall, but she was faster and reached the door first, quickly rushing inside and closing the door behind her, attempting to hold it against Loki. There was a short tug-of-war that Loki won before he was inside and she was running from the room. Hazel came to the bedroom first and quickly dived under the duvet without thinking where she was. Loki missed her diving under the cover, but he wasn't too far gone to see the quietly laughing bulge his bed had suddenly acquired. He feigned ignorance and sat on the corner, stretching and yawning loudly. \"Well, if I can't find that girl, I might as well just go to sleep. I'm sure she'll turn up in the morning.\" Suddenly the lump stopped moving and Loki threw the covers back revealing a laughing Hazel, her hair adorably mussed and her eyes bright. \"What do you know? Who knew that laughing object under my duvet was you?\" Loki smirked down at her, his eyes gentle. \"What? I don't know what you're talking about,\" Hazel started to get up to run again before Loki knocked her gently back on the bed and leaned over her to make a cage with his arms so she couldn't get up. \"Come on, sweetheart,\" he smirked playfully, \"I think we know how this one ends, don't you?\" Hazel tried his arm with a half-hearted shove before relaxing her shoulders in defeat. \"Technically last time ended with Thor offering a tour. He doesn't have a key to your cabin, does he?\" Loki laughed, \"thankfully, he does not. Besides, he's far too eager to give tours to beautiful women.\" Hazel raised an eyebrow at the back handed compliment. \"Is he? I hadn't noticed.\" They laughed for a moment before their eyes met. Hazel felt a shiver pass through her as she noticed that his eyes were exactly the color of a leaf in fall after all the leaves have left the trees. Loki looked at her and felt the hairs on his arms raise and he saw her spring-colored eyes closer than he ever had before. Hazel passed her tongue over her lips nervously as the moment stretched longer, neither seemingly able to look away from the other. Slowly his eyes came closer and she tilted her head closer and their lips met in a soft kiss. His lips are as soft as they look , Hazel though. And so warm . Loki pulled back before their lips met again, this time they parted and she felt his tongue graze along her bottom lip, asking for entry. She swallowed before meeting his eager tongue with her own, and as they met she felt a spark go through her. Her hand lifted of its own volition to rest on the back of Loki's neck, feeling his hair ruffle under her fingers, short and smooth and sleek. He groaned into her mouth and broke the cage of his arms to cup her face in his hand, sliding his nails lightly down her neck to rest on her bicep, making her shiver again. He broke the kiss to look into her eyes again. \"I know we've both been drinking, and I don't want to take advantage of you. This is your first day here-\" \"Are you suggesting I'm only kissing you because I've been drinking?\" Hazel looked at his eyes, her eyes both bright with mead and serious. \"Do I look like I don't know what I'm doing? I was serious when I said earlier that meeting you felt right. You feel right, Loki. I've never been more sober before.\" She traced her hand down his back, following the smooth line of muscle. \" You're the reason I never felt at home on Earth. A part of me always knew you would come into my life, Loki.\" He looked back into her eyes, unbelieving. \"I never thought I would hear someone say those words, Hazel. I've never felt drawn to anyone like I felt drawn to you. All those years, decades and centuries I spent with nothing to do but watch the Earth with that portal, I never saw anyone who was as unique as you.\" He bent his head to nip along the line of her jaw before capturing her mouth with his again. \"Never,\" he whispered against her lips. Hazel opened her eyes to find his, conveying all the emotion that she could not put into words. You're unique too. Even if you don't think so. She traced her nails back along the muscle of his back to rest on his head, appreciating the tightness of his leather shirt. Loki broke off her mouth again to nip and lick his way down to her neck, becoming more aggressive. He grazed his teeth against her ear lope and was rewarded with a soft moan. Hazel brought both hands up to rest on his back, using her nails to grasp him as he continued to lightly bite and suck down to her shoulder before he paused at the neck line of her shirt, looking to her for permission. Hazel sat up slightly and pulled her shirt over her head without hesitation, and did the same with her pants after unbuttoning them impatiently. Loki was overwhelmed by the sight of her underneath him, clad in nothing but a simple bra and brief-cut underwear. \"Are you sure you want to continue this?\" Loki asked, his mouth suddenly dry as his eyes travelled over the form of her body. Hazel looked up at him coyly, \"does that mean you're not…interested?\" Loki stuttered briefly, \"of course I'm interested! I've never been more interested in anything in my life, and believe me, that's saying something.\" \"Then why is your shirt still on? I think you owe me a layer of clothes,\" she teased, hooking a finger in the V-neck of his leather shirt playfully. Loki failed to think of one good response to that question, so he sat up and awkwardly pulled the leather over his head, revealing a smooth white chest and stomach with slight muscles rippling as he tossed the shirt in a corner. Hazel swallowed as he rolled off her briefly to slip off his pants, leaving him in nothing but a pair of scant boxers that looked surprisingly like leather. She lowered her hand to his hips and ran her fingers over the waistband. \"Do you own any clothing items that aren't comprised of leather?\" Loki winked at her sheepishly. Hazel eyed him again, \"but it does work surprisingly well on you.\" She traced the smooth line of his chest before tentatively straddling him and bringing her mouth to his. \"I've always been so curious about this,\" Hazel whispered against his lips, \"you'll have to teach me.\" \"For someone who doesn't know, you are off to a great start,\" Loki exhaled at she traced the line of his boxers, making them feel uncomfortably tight. He recaptured her lips with his own as he brought his hand to her back and fumbled with the clasp for a second before unhooking her bra and throwing it off the bed to join the rest of their growing pile of clothes.","LastChapter":"It's a little late, but here's chapter number 5! I can't make any promises about updating soon, but I know I'm leaving on a cliff hanger so I'll try to update as soon as I can. I have great ideas to continue this story with. Without further ado, here it is! Disclaimer: I own nothing but Hazel! He looked at her with a serious expression, \"Why…hello, sweetheart. I didn't realize you liked me so much.\" Hazel gaped, frozen in her embarrassment. \"Wha-what?\" she scrambled for words, \"I'm the one who's winning here, let's not change the subject-\" At that moment a deep voice rang out behind them, jarring her into a heap on the grass next to Loki's still prone form. \"Loki! This is the last place I would have expected to see you, brother.\" A tall muscular man with tousled blond hair strode up to the pair casually. \"When did father have a change of heart? First of all, when did he find a heart?\" The sunlight reflecting off the silver fittings on his black leather jerkin made Hazel squint. \"And who is this delightful creature?\" The man offered his hand to Hazel, lifting her effortlessly to her feet, before offering his hand to Loki. The proffered hand seemed to jar Loki from his daze and he jumped to his feet, coolly ignoring the hand. \"Hello to you too, brother.\" Loki said grudgingly. \"Hazel, this is my brother. Thor.\" Hazel extended her hand cheerfully, \"Hello, Thor. Well, that's one sentence I never thought I'd say. It's good to meet you.\" Thor grasped her hand in a firm shake, \"And you as well, my brother's never brought anyone here before. You must be unique.\" Hazel blushed and released his hand, \"Hardly. This stalker here just decided to bring me for a visit, and the opportunity was too good to pass up.\" Loki rallied at the mention of \"stalker.\" \"Whoa there, sweetheart. That's a harsh word. I've been imprisoned in that room for longer than you can comprehend, you're hardly the only human whose life I have watched.\" Hazel cocked an eyebrow, \"Whatever you say, Loki.\" Thor eyed the pair of them and burst into laughter. \"Whatever brought you here, you are clearly new to Valhalla. Can I offer you a tour?\" Hazel opened her mouth to accept, but Loki quickly interrupted. \"As nice of an offer as that is, surely you have something more important to do, brother?\" As Thor began to respond, his gaze fell to the angled silver necklace on a leather thong around Hazel's throat and his eyes softened. \"Of course, brother. I should have known, after all, you know this tour far better than I do. I will see you soon, though. Hazel, it was good to meet you. I am sure we will be seeing more of each other.\" Thor turned and strolled away, neither hurrying nor lagging. Loki sighed in relief and clasped his hands together. \"Well, that was fun. How about that tour?\" He placed his hand on Hazel's shoulder to guide her in the opposite direction when she met his eyes with a strange look. \"Thor was going to stay before he looked at this necklace you gave me, is there something important about it?\" Loki bit his lip, thinking. \"Nothing that can't be explained later, sweetheart. Thor is one for theatrics, it isn't anything important.\" Hazel met his fall-leaf eyes with her spring-leaf ones and smiled slightly. \"I can see you'd rather talk about it later. So, what is there to see here? Anyone else I should meet?\" Loki shook his head quickly, making his hair points shake. \"Nope! No one of importance, anyway. Come on, you can't go to sleep tonight without seeing the hall of Asgard or the Cliffs of Hyrr.\" Hazel smiled at his insistence and let herself be pulled in the direction of the trees. \"Sure, Loki. Let's go.\" Later that night… Night had come for the grassy knoll where Loki's cabin stood alone, the moonlight illuminating two figures running through the trees, one slim and stumbling and the other large and four-legged. \"Hey!\" Hazel cried, her eyes bright and her face flushed. \"Don't you try to trip me again! I think I've finally gotten the hang of running on this spinning ground.\" \"It isn't my fault you joined my cousin's drinking game before I could stop you. How could you think you could beat them? Especially when father joined in? I'm almost jealous. He didn't pat me on the back like that until I was almost 500.\" The green panther swiped unevenly again at Hazel's ankles, laying her harmlessly on the soft grass. \"And they literally drink nothing but mead.\" Hazel laughed into the green stalks helplessly, \"I earned that pat, and I have the quickly developing bruise to prove it. You know, you weren't exactly reluctant yourself. I can't say I've ever seen a panther drunk before. Especially a green one.\" She paused to laugh into the grass again before lifting her head. \"How did I never notice how funny you are before? You're green . Green!\" Loki sulked, his twitching tail matching his swaying body. \"You think green is funny?\" He shifted back to his human form, sitting quickly. \"Drunk standing is much easier with four legs, but I'm not green anymore.\" Hazel continued to laugh. \"But your hair ! Come on, Loki, have a sense of humor. I'm just laughing because I'm drunk. Everything gets more funny at night anyway. Even that glowering look you're giving me right now. Come on, you can't say chasing me back from Asgard wasn't a tiny bit fun.\" Hazel sat up and smiled at him. Loki relaxed his shoulders and smiled slightly, \"ok, you got me. It was fun. But not as fun as this,\" he knocked her back on the grass with a nudge of his elbow. He laughed at her sprawled form before her eyes took on a malicious glint, he struggled to get up before Hazel's arm sent him prone on the grass. \"Try to catch me now!\" Hazel sprinted for the door, stumbling as she went. Loki got unsteadily to his two feet and followed her, swaying as he ran. He didn't fall, but she was faster and reached the door first, quickly rushing inside and closing the door behind her, attempting to hold it against Loki. There was a short tug-of-war that Loki won before he was inside and she was running from the room. Hazel came to the bedroom first and quickly dived under the duvet without thinking where she was. Loki missed her diving under the cover, but he wasn't too far gone to see the quietly laughing bulge his bed had suddenly acquired. He feigned ignorance and sat on the corner, stretching and yawning loudly. \"Well, if I can't find that girl, I might as well just go to sleep. I'm sure she'll turn up in the morning.\" Suddenly the lump stopped moving and Loki threw the covers back revealing a laughing Hazel, her hair adorably mussed and her eyes bright. \"What do you know? Who knew that laughing object under my duvet was you?\" Loki smirked down at her, his eyes gentle. \"What? I don't know what you're talking about,\" Hazel started to get up to run again before Loki knocked her gently back on the bed and leaned over her to make a cage with his arms so she couldn't get up. \"Come on, sweetheart,\" he smirked playfully, \"I think we know how this one ends, don't you?\" Hazel tried his arm with a half-hearted shove before relaxing her shoulders in defeat. \"Technically last time ended with Thor offering a tour. He doesn't have a key to your cabin, does he?\" Loki laughed, \"thankfully, he does not. Besides, he's far too eager to give tours to beautiful women.\" Hazel raised an eyebrow at the back handed compliment. \"Is he? I hadn't noticed.\" They laughed for a moment before their eyes met. Hazel felt a shiver pass through her as she noticed that his eyes were exactly the color of a leaf in fall after all the leaves have left the trees. Loki looked at her and felt the hairs on his arms raise and he saw her spring-colored eyes closer than he ever had before. Hazel passed her tongue over her lips nervously as the moment stretched longer, neither seemingly able to look away from the other. Slowly his eyes came closer and she tilted her head closer and their lips met in a soft kiss. His lips are as soft as they look , Hazel though. And so warm . Loki pulled back before their lips met again, this time they parted and she felt his tongue graze along her bottom lip, asking for entry. She swallowed before meeting his eager tongue with her own, and as they met she felt a spark go through her. Her hand lifted of its own volition to rest on the back of Loki's neck, feeling his hair ruffle under her fingers, short and smooth and sleek. He groaned into her mouth and broke the cage of his arms to cup her face in his hand, sliding his nails lightly down her neck to rest on her bicep, making her shiver again. He broke the kiss to look into her eyes again. \"I know we've both been drinking, and I don't want to take advantage of you. This is your first day here-\" \"Are you suggesting I'm only kissing you because I've been drinking?\" Hazel looked at his eyes, her eyes both bright with mead and serious. \"Do I look like I don't know what I'm doing? I was serious when I said earlier that meeting you felt right. You feel right, Loki. I've never been more sober before.\" She traced her hand down his back, following the smooth line of muscle. \" You're the reason I never felt at home on Earth. A part of me always knew you would come into my life, Loki.\" He looked back into her eyes, unbelieving. \"I never thought I would hear someone say those words, Hazel. I've never felt drawn to anyone like I felt drawn to you. All those years, decades and centuries I spent with nothing to do but watch the Earth with that portal, I never saw anyone who was as unique as you.\" He bent his head to nip along the line of her jaw before capturing her mouth with his again. \"Never,\" he whispered against her lips. Hazel opened her eyes to find his, conveying all the emotion that she could not put into words. You're unique too. Even if you don't think so. She traced her nails back along the muscle of his back to rest on his head, appreciating the tightness of his leather shirt. Loki broke off her mouth again to nip and lick his way down to her neck, becoming more aggressive. He grazed his teeth against her ear lope and was rewarded with a soft moan. Hazel brought both hands up to rest on his back, using her nails to grasp him as he continued to lightly bite and suck down to her shoulder before he paused at the neck line of her shirt, looking to her for permission. Hazel sat up slightly and pulled her shirt over her head without hesitation, and did the same with her pants after unbuttoning them impatiently. Loki was overwhelmed by the sight of her underneath him, clad in nothing but a simple bra and brief-cut underwear. \"Are you sure you want to continue this?\" Loki asked, his mouth suddenly dry as his eyes travelled over the form of her body. Hazel looked up at him coyly, \"does that mean you're not…interested?\" Loki stuttered briefly, \"of course I'm interested! I've never been more interested in anything in my life, and believe me, that's saying something.\" \"Then why is your shirt still on? I think you owe me a layer of clothes,\" she teased, hooking a finger in the V-neck of his leather shirt playfully. Loki failed to think of one good response to that question, so he sat up and awkwardly pulled the leather over his head, revealing a smooth white chest and stomach with slight muscles rippling as he tossed the shirt in a corner. Hazel swallowed as he rolled off her briefly to slip off his pants, leaving him in nothing but a pair of scant boxers that looked surprisingly like leather. She lowered her hand to his hips and ran her fingers over the waistband. \"Do you own any clothing items that aren't comprised of leather?\" Loki winked at her sheepishly. Hazel eyed him again, \"but it does work surprisingly well on you.\" She traced the smooth line of his chest before tentatively straddling him and bringing her mouth to his. \"I've always been so curious about this,\" Hazel whispered against his lips, \"you'll have to teach me.\" \"For someone who doesn't know, you are off to a great start,\" Loki exhaled at she traced the line of his boxers, making them feel uncomfortably tight. He recaptured her lips with his own as he brought his hand to her back and fumbled with the clasp for a second before unhooking her bra and throwing it off the bed to join the rest of their growing pile of clothes.","Summary":" Disclaimer: I wish, but I ownnnothing except Hazel, Matt and Harriet. It was an unseasonably cold a","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Romance Humor - Chapters: 5   - Words: 11,263 - Reviews: 16 - Favs: 16 - Follows: 19 - Updated: 10 3 2013 - Published: 4 14 2009 - id: 4993455 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"A Masked Teen","Author":"manifest-bound","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9964910","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Monday morning, a new day in the town of Cruz. A teenager is walking along the side of the road to Jecks High. \"Katelyn just get into school, get into homeroom, and get out\", the teen said to herself. Jecks High was larger than any other school Katelyn ever attended and even had a mascot, the Lynx. It was packed full of other teens ranging from the nerds at the left side of the school and the 'cool' kids at the right. Katelyn walked along the right side of the school hoping to avoid the other teens until... \"Yo kid! Hey you!\" A feminine voice from the group called Katelyn. She avoided eye contact and kept walking... \"Bitch! I said you, girl with the yellow hair!\" Katelyn started to walk faster and faster towards the right entrance of the school... \"Get Her!\" As soon as she heard that she started to run towards the door but was blocked by a group of kids. \"Deaf aren't ya bitch?\" Katelyn turned around and saw her. A brunette with tight V-neck top and loose torn jeans. \"Hi... my name is Kat...\" stumbled Katelyn \"I don't fuckin' care who you are, but you're on our side of the school. Did ya know that blonde?\" the brunette retorted. \"sorry... i didn't...please...\" Katelyn was about to cry when... \"riiiiiinnnnng\" \"Damned bell. Alright, you and me, this afternoon, right here, come or die\" The brunette's group left Katelyn with fear and bad hopes for the future. She walks into the school and prepares for period one. In no time, Katelyn is staring anxiously at the clock in her English class waiting for the end of the day. \"Just keep walking... just keep walking... almost there...!\" Katelyn rushes out of the hallways of Jecks High and dashes back home with a knapsack filled with homework and other papers from school. As she's walking she thinks about the brunette and her group of friends. \"Tomorrow, I'm asking mom to drop me off at school...\" She reaches home and finds her mom outside preparing the car, \"Hi Mom!\" \"Hi Katey, so how's school?\" he mom asked. \"Brutal, but just like my old school.\" \"That's fine honey... oh by the way, what do you think about coming with your brother and I to go clothes shopping. It'll brighten your day for sure.\" \"For Sure!\" Katelyn agreeded. Katelyn goes into the house, runs upstairs and changes into something a little more conformable. Her school clothes fall to the ground scattered with her knapsack and starts to look for some clothes. A Simple purple blouse with jeans and flip flops. \"Perfect. Coming Mom!\" \"Okay Dear, let's get going\"[Chapter 2] \"Okay honey, I'm going with your brother to Gap, here's forty dollars, go have fun\" \"Thanks Mom.\" Katelyn walks around the mall until she reaches the Abercrombie store. \"Cute guys, too bad they're nothing like Dylan though\" Dylan was Katelyn's boyfriend before her family left and moved eastwards because of her dad's job. Dylan and Katelyn knew each other since kindergarden in Dog Shed Elementary school and were friends ever since. She started dating him when they were in seventh grade, but had to break up because of her move. She walked around the store and picked out three dresses perfect for the fall. She entered the changing rooms and closed the door; it slammed shut and caused the entire compartment to shake. Katelyn, now embarrassed, looked around to see if anyone was next to her. \"Only a mirror, a door, and a chair... I'm fine\" She began to take off her shoes and pants and was about to put on the first dresses until... she kicked something under the chair. She bent down and reached under the chair to only find a wooden slate. Or at least she thought was a wooden slate. The piece of wood had two holes and a mouth piece. \"What the heck is this?\" Katelyn turned the wood around and moved he hands away and saw a mask. \"Weird, but okay...?\" As she held the mask, a sudden rush of excitement followed though Katelyn's body and her hairs stood on ends. Irrationally, she thought, \"I can't leave this here, I've gotta put this in my purse.\" Katelyn puts the wooden slab in her purse, puts her clothes back on, and leaves her selected dresses in the changing room. Katelyn walks out of store, and meets her mom in the cashier register of the Gap. \"I'm surprised. You didn't buy anything?\" \"Nope, didn't find anything but I did...\" \"Oh Katey, I forgot to tell you. Dad and I are going out for the night, can you please look after your little brother?\" \"Okay mom, jeez.\" \"Thanks honey, oh and we better get back home, the sun's setting.\" As Katelyn, her mom, and her brother walked out of the Gap, a green glowing light emits from Katelyn's purse.[Chapter 3] It was 10:50 PM, Katelyn had not even started doing her homework and was laying in bed and video calling Dylan. \"I miss Yupia, Mrs. Caren, and you Dylan\" \"I miss you too... nite Katie\" \"Nite\" Katelyn sighed and walked to her purse to put her phone away. She opened her purse and saw the piece of wood \"Oh yeah... this thing again...\" Katelyn put her phone in her purse and took the mask to her bed. She looked at the wooden creases and metal forehead. It looked like a mask from a costume of some sort. She turned it around and saw the inside of the mask. It looked ancient but somewhat sturdy. A streak of green light flashed at Katelyn and the same exhilaration came across her as she held the mask in her hand. She stared closely at the mask, and starts to bring it closer to her eyes. When the mask was a few inches from her face, the mask animates and grabs onto Katelyn's face as fast as possible leaving a few puffs of green smoke into the air. The mask vibrates on her head shaking itself as it extend its grab on her face. Dozens of tendrils extend from the base of the mask through her hair and to the sides of her face. Katelyn was yelling for help but was muffled by the rubbery like substance entering her mouth. She tries to remove the mask and only claws at the mask with her nails, leaving streaks of green light on the still wooden exterior surface of the mask. The tendrils reaches the back of her head in no time and starts to pull her face back as though it was tightening. She continues to yell and begins to spin faster and faster. She span inside a small twister blowing papers from her knapsack and made her clothes fly off her body. Green light began to emit from the twister and engulfed the room in lightening and neon green light. Katelyn felt the substance go into her nose, ears, and mouth and latch on like glue. The mask kept tightening her face until Katelyn fell unconscious. The twister stopped with a screech and Katelyn stood in the middle of the room in the buff, different. Her hair was more luminous than before with barbie-like shinny golden hair. Her eyes were emerald green that matched her face. Her face was flawless and smooth with a neon green color from the back of her head to the underside of her chin. From the neck down she had features only a model would dream of. A perfectly curved body with DDD breasts, a round perfect ass, and feet that were perfectly pedicured. \"Smmmoookennnn!\" She started to rub her body methodically touching her enlarged tits and stroking her gorgeous golden mane. \"This is fine, for Sure.\" She continued to rub herself and reached her pussy. She placed two fingers in her slit, and caused her to scream in an orgasm. Yelling and moaning ever so loudly, she woke up her brother up in the process. \"Kate what's happening?\" Katelyn stopped stroking herself and replied, \"Go back to bed, it was only a crow\" A second later, \"Okay, nite sis\" She waited a few seconds for her brother to go back under the bed covers. \"I look too good! Aww yeah... too bad no one can see me in the full... or can I? She stares closely in her mirror, admiring her body, \"\"But I can't go outside naked... or can I...?\" She looks around her room and looks outside the window of her room. \"No one is going to see me at night, but I've gotta P-A-R-T-Y..\" \"Y? Because I gotta have too.\" With that she jumps out the window of her two story house, lands on the grass and speeds into the dark streets of Cruz, naked.[Chapter 4] Katelyn, or the masked version of Katelyn, tumbles down the streets of Cruz in the buff, carefree and uncontrollable. The wind around Katelyn bashes onto her skin touching every single inch of skin on her body. Her breasts bouncing uncontrollably, her hair flowing like a rocket, and her ass moving back and forth in tune to her movement; just making her feel alive and exhilarated. She runs by the park, her high school, and town hall. In the middle of the night with the crescent moon out in the sky, a green faced teen traverses the town for none other than a club, a night club to be more exact. With her new eye sight she spots a club about a mile down the road and runs to it. Along the way, she passes a police station and a police car with a half-awake police officer inside. He looks at the green face teen race down the street, thinks for a second and concludes, \"No more liquor for me.\" She passes a couple of pedestrians that just stare at her in amazement and in awe of her green face and her bouncing breasts. She finally reaches the club only to be stopped by a muscled doorman. \"Girl, you know the rules, no shoes, no shirt, no service\" She pouted and then stared at the doorman puppy dog eyes, \"But don't ya think I'm pretty?\" \"Sure thing hunny, but what's up with your face?\" \"It's just a little something to spice things up\" \"Still, no clothes, no go, and by the way how old are you anyway?\" Katelyn stared at the doorman for a second and said, \"Fine...\" She spun around in a circle enveloping herself and the doorman in a mini twister. The twister stops with Katelyn in a golden bikini and golden flip flops while the doorman was on the ground catching his breath with his underwear on his head. \"Suits me fine, not sure about you though.\" With that, she takes the doorman and kicks him like a football to the other side of town. Katelyn goes into the club yelling, \"LETS GET THIS GOING!~\" She enters the club and sees people drinking at the bar and flirting with each other. \"This isn't fun...\". She zooms to the back of the stage and pulls out an MP3 from her breasts and plugs it into the sound system. The tune from Pumped up Kicks starts playing and begins to excite people in the club to dance. \"Finally, we got some movement! Yeah...\" Katelyn looks around and sees a bartender who almost looked like Dylan from her old town. She finds a mic and says, \"Hello everyone, I'm Kate...\" She stops for a second. \"Katelyn is my old self, I need a new name.\" \"Got it! \" \"I'm Kathy, I'll be your host for tonight. We're gonna have so much fun!\" She stares at the bartender, and says \"bartender, yeah you!\" The bartender looks at Kathy and starts to hide, but Kathy goes to him and pulls him on stage. \"What's your name sugar?\" \"Danny...\" \"Oh Danny, we're gonna have a great time, let's dance!\" And with that the dance floor lit up with green lights and the tune to Gangnam Style started playing. \"Yeah this is called a party!\" For three hours, Kathy and Danny swung around the dance floor dancing to an endless number of songs. The mask allowed Kathy to contort her body to humanly impossible feats and changed her guests into dancing manics. In the middle of Houdini, Kathy noticed the sun coming up from the window of the club. \"Dang-it!\" With that she kissed Danny smack on the lips and caused his hair to spike up as if he was struck by lightening. \"Gotta go loverboy, I'll be back tonight... don't you worry.\" She blew a heart shaped kiss at him and rushed out the door. She ran down the streets in her golden bikini and reached her house just before the stroke of four. She jumped up to her room and sighed. She reached the back of her head to find a small crease where the mask separated. Slowly, she tugged at the ends of the crease and began to transform her back to her old self. As she tugged, the rubber like texture of the mask started to harden and solidify. Her whole body was in a stationary twister as her bikini and flip flops faded away leaving her in the buff again. The mask was tough to pull off but eventually detached off her face with a puff of green smoke. Katelyn fell onto her bed with the mask in her right hand and her eyes covered by her left hand.[Chapter 5] The sun starts to shine on the town of Cruz and begins a new day. Shafts of light come down to Katelyn's window and wakes her up in the process. She rubs her eyes with her right hand and saw the mask. Immediately, she wakes up in disarray. \"What the heck is this doing... Oh My God... Why am I NAKED?\" She gets off the bed, throws the mask to the floor, and goes into her closet. Katelyn's head pounds as if she drank a gallon of beer, \"Ugg... I have a serious headache, maybe I could skip school today...\" \"Damn mom, I've gotta walk to school today...\" She slowly reminded herself, \"Remember avoid the right side of the school; go to the left\" Katelyn walks into the school parking lot and shields her face from the 'cool' kids on the right side of the school. She avoids them but accidentally bumps into a tall figure. \"Sorry... I wasn't paying attention...\" Katelyn blurted out. \"No I'm sorry, I wasn't looking where I was going\", the boy replied. Katelyn lifted her hands from her face and saw the boy, a somewhat tall and decently muscular boy. \"Bang\" Katelyn felt a small headache and out of the blue said, \"I've gotta go Danny\". \"Wait, how do you know my name?\" Katelyn didn't know herself, but lied, \"I overheard it in the hallways, never mind I gotta go\". With that Katelyn sped into the school while the boy looked straight at her blonde hair. The boy shrugged and proceeded to walk over to the right side of the school and gave his friends a high five, \"Morin' Dan, how's the job at the club\"? asked another boy. \"Great... I met someone there\" Dan replied. \"Better not be a new girlfriend.\" The brunette of the group came forward and stood inches away from each other. \"Who is she?\" \"Don't worry Chloe, it's work, besides I must of had to many drinks.\" \"Better not be, we are together. Don't even... think of cheating on me. Got that?\" Chloe demanded. \"Sure doll, only work, that's all\". With that Dan, his friends, and Chloe walked into school as soon as the bell rang for homeroom. Throughout the day, Katelyn kept thinking about the boy, Danny. \"How do I know him? I never seen him before and yet it feels as if I knew him all my life\"... \"Katelyn! Math doesn't daydream, so you can't too.\" yelled her math teacher. \"Yes Mrs. Magur\". In the back of the room, Danny heard her name and looked at her through the classroom desk isles. \"Katelyn, that's her name... she reminds me of\", he stops, \"na never mind\". Chloe, the brunette across from Katelyn, started at her boyfriend. \"Somethin's going on...\". Afterschool, while Katelyn walked across the school parking lot, Chloe saw Katelyn and called out. \"Hey blondie! Remember our date afterschool yesterday!?\" Katelyn stood still for a minute and started to run. \"You ain't leaving me now!\" Katelyn ran towards the crosswalk and made it safely across while Chloe was just stopped by the light. \"You ain't leaving me, You'll be dead tomorrow!\" Chloe was about to turn away but thought, \"I'm gonna follow this chick and see where she lives, by friday, she's gonna be toast.\" As Katelyn walked home, Chloe followed her block-by-block until she reached the mahogany house. \"So this is where the bitch lives, I wonder if Dan saw this brown yesterday\". With that, Chloe walked away remembering the address, and the house. It was 9:45 PM, and Katelyn was finished with dinner and was about to get online to talk to her friends back home. She walks up the stairs and into her room only to find her brother playing with the mask. \"Give that back to me!\" Katelyn yelled at her brother. \"I wanna see it too, it old right?\" her brother asked. \"Yes, now you need to get back to bed so you can get big and strong.\" Her brother gave the mask back to Katelyn and hopped back into his room. The mask was in Katelyn's left hand. She felt goosebumps all throughout her body and a strange warmth from the inside of the mask. She flips the mask over to the back and sees the same green streak of light flash in front of her. \"I saw this yesterday too\", Katelyn wondered. She examined the mask and caresses the wooden creases again with her nails. \"Enough with that\". She puts the mask under her bed and goes to sleep. Underneath her bed, a eerie green light emits and causes Katelyn's bed a shake a little. Then, unconsciously, Katelyn reached under her bed and slaps the mask to her cheeks. The mask wasted no time in latching on and used its tendrils to quickly wrap around her head causing Katelyn to moan out loud. It latches onto the back of her head without any hesitation and makes her spin uncontrollably throughout the room. Her night gown flies off her body and stops in front of her mirror. \"Well hello tiger...\" Kathy exhaled. (Note From the Author) - Please rate and comment. Tell me if you would like to see more. ~Thanks","LastChapter":"The sun starts to shine on the town of Cruz and begins a new day. Shafts of light come down to Katelyn's window and wakes her up in the process. She rubs her eyes with her right hand and saw the mask. Immediately, she wakes up in disarray. \"What the heck is this doing... Oh My God... Why am I NAKED?\" She gets off the bed, throws the mask to the floor, and goes into her closet. Katelyn's head pounds as if she drank a gallon of beer, \"Ugg... I have a serious headache, maybe I could skip school today...\" \"Damn mom, I've gotta walk to school today...\" She slowly reminded herself, \"Remember avoid the right side of the school; go to the left\" Katelyn walks into the school parking lot and shields her face from the 'cool' kids on the right side of the school. She avoids them but accidentally bumps into a tall figure. \"Sorry... I wasn't paying attention...\" Katelyn blurted out. \"No I'm sorry, I wasn't looking where I was going\", the boy replied. Katelyn lifted her hands from her face and saw the boy, a somewhat tall and decently muscular boy. \"Bang\" Katelyn felt a small headache and out of the blue said, \"I've gotta go Danny\". \"Wait, how do you know my name?\" Katelyn didn't know herself, but lied, \"I overheard it in the hallways, never mind I gotta go\". With that Katelyn sped into the school while the boy looked straight at her blonde hair. The boy shrugged and proceeded to walk over to the right side of the school and gave his friends a high five, \"Morin' Dan, how's the job at the club\"? asked another boy. \"Great... I met someone there\" Dan replied. \"Better not be a new girlfriend.\" The brunette of the group came forward and stood inches away from each other. \"Who is she?\" \"Don't worry Chloe, it's work, besides I must of had to many drinks.\" \"Better not be, we are together. Don't even... think of cheating on me. Got that?\" Chloe demanded. \"Sure doll, only work, that's all\". With that Dan, his friends, and Chloe walked into school as soon as the bell rang for homeroom. Throughout the day, Katelyn kept thinking about the boy, Danny. \"How do I know him? I never seen him before and yet it feels as if I knew him all my life\"... \"Katelyn! Math doesn't daydream, so you can't too.\" yelled her math teacher. \"Yes Mrs. Magur\". In the back of the room, Danny heard her name and looked at her through the classroom desk isles. \"Katelyn, that's her name... she reminds me of\", he stops, \"na never mind\". Chloe, the brunette across from Katelyn, started at her boyfriend. \"Somethin's going on...\". Afterschool, while Katelyn walked across the school parking lot, Chloe saw Katelyn and called out. \"Hey blondie! Remember our date afterschool yesterday!?\" Katelyn stood still for a minute and started to run. \"You ain't leaving me now!\" Katelyn ran towards the crosswalk and made it safely across while Chloe was just stopped by the light. \"You ain't leaving me, You'll be dead tomorrow!\" Chloe was about to turn away but thought, \"I'm gonna follow this chick and see where she lives, by friday, she's gonna be toast.\" As Katelyn walked home, Chloe followed her block-by-block until she reached the mahogany house. \"So this is where the bitch lives, I wonder if Dan saw this brown yesterday\". With that, Chloe walked away remembering the address, and the house. It was 9:45 PM, and Katelyn was finished with dinner and was about to get online to talk to her friends back home. She walks up the stairs and into her room only to find her brother playing with the mask. \"Give that back to me!\" Katelyn yelled at her brother. \"I wanna see it too, it old right?\" her brother asked. \"Yes, now you need to get back to bed so you can get big and strong.\" Her brother gave the mask back to Katelyn and hopped back into his room. The mask was in Katelyn's left hand. She felt goosebumps all throughout her body and a strange warmth from the inside of the mask. She flips the mask over to the back and sees the same green streak of light flash in front of her. \"I saw this yesterday too\", Katelyn wondered. She examined the mask and caresses the wooden creases again with her nails. \"Enough with that\". She puts the mask under her bed and goes to sleep. Underneath her bed, a eerie green light emits and causes Katelyn's bed a shake a little. Then, unconsciously, Katelyn reached under her bed and slaps the mask to her cheeks. The mask wasted no time in latching on and used its tendrils to quickly wrap around her head causing Katelyn to moan out loud. It latches onto the back of her head without any hesitation and makes her spin uncontrollably throughout the room. Her night gown flies off her body and stops in front of her mirror. \"Well hello tiger...\" Kathy exhaled. (Note From the Author) - Please rate and comment. Tell me if you would like to see more. ~Thanks","Summary":" Monday morning, a new day in the town of Cruz. A teenager is walking along the side of the road to ","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Supernatural Humor - Chapters: 5   - Words: 3,154 - Reviews: 9 - Favs: 4 - Follows: 6 - Published: 12 27 2013 - id: 9964910 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Made To Dance","Author":"ModernScribe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5290133","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Again, it is not mine. Spoilers: I'm just going to say see the film and be done with it. Warning: I know very little about hockey or any professional sport, so bear with me. There are also a few mild curse words and crude boy humor. Dedication: I usually don't dedicate my work, but I'm making an exception with this one. It came about because X5-452 and 494 read my story \"Brother of the Pussy Ballerina\" and suggested to me that I write a story on how Tommy's hockey friends reacted to his new ballerina status. Consequently my phoenix muse rose again and produced this story. Thank you X5-452 and 494. This story is for you. Made To Dance Tommy Anderson had been my best friend for as long as I could remember. I'm talking pre sandbox time. We did everything together. We even got sick together. Our parents knew that when one of us felt ill, they might as well put the other one to bed as soon as possible because chances were, he'd drop soon enough. Not that we got sick very often. People used to say we moved too fast for germs to catch us. They were probably right. I remember this one time when we were about nine. We were racing down the street of our respectful Boston neighborhood at breakneck speed. It was a long, flat, and straight strip of road. Perfect for running on. Anyway, we were running so fast, we didn't see old lady Holcomb until it was too late. One minute she was bent over, smelling her roses, the next, she was face down in the dirt smelling her fertilizer. I guess it was then that our parents banded together and decided to enroll us at the nearest gym for hockey lessons. It was the best thing they could have done for us. Tommy and I quickly became the best hockey players in the league. People called us \"The Undefeated Duo\" and they were right. We never lost a game. Every night we went to sleep dreaming of hockey and every morning we woke up to play it. It was the perfect life. Every summer our parents shipped us off to hockey camp. They said they did it for us, but we both knew they really did it for two whole months of hockey free conversation. (Of course once Tommy's little brother, Bobby, picked up our enthusiasm, Tommy's parents didn't even get those months off. To say my parents were relieved that they only had me is most likely an understatement.) Not that we weren't happy to go. Far from it. We'd start the hockey camp countdown in January. Part of the camp's morning schedule was always an hour of mandatory ballet class. They claimed it was to strengthen our ankles and improve our posture. Most of the campers thought that was a load of crap. They'd grumble that all the counselors were perverts who got off seeing us in tights. They'd also insult the teacher after class, calling her the DIT (Dragon In Tights) or Madame Tip Toes. They'd say they came to play hockey, not become a prima ballerina. When the DIT heard that, she told them they didn't have to worry since they were in greater danger of becoming balla rhinos than balle rinas . I'd be lying if I didn't tell you I was one of those grumbling campers. In fact, the only one of us who didn't think taking ballet was a waste of time that was better-spent playing hockey was Tommy. It was the one thing we disagreed on. People used to tease Tommy about it. They'd call him \"The Ballerina Of The Crotch Cup\" or \"The Amazing Ballarhino\" in honor of the DIT's pronouncement. In my defense, I never joined in. However only off court did they call Tommy names. No one would dare insult Tommy Anderson with a stick in his hand. He might always have taken the jibes with a smile, but every man is bound to crack sometime and it was best if he weren't armed when he finally did. One time the DIT overheard the boys calling Tommy names in the locker room. She burst in, apparently oblivious to the cries of alarm and hasty covering of all exposed privates. She boldly declared that they were all just jealous because Tommy had more natural grace and form in his little finger than the lot of them ever would have put together. I think that was the first time I ever saw Tommy embarrassed, although if it were because of what she said or the fact that he was half naked in front of her, I'll never know. Anyway, after that, the boys stopped teasing him. I suppose I should have known then that hockey may not be the only thing Tommy was made to do, but that realization wouldn't come for a long time. In our senior year of high school, we were both offered full ride hockey scholarships to NYU. Not that this was a surprise considering we were both all-state hockey champs three years in a row and the first freshman ever to have made the varsity hockey team. We accepted, though if I were honest with myself, I'd have to admit that Tommy might not have been as totally psyched about it as I was. Sure, he was jumping around and all, but I'd been around him long enough to see that his smile didn't light up his eyes like it normally would have given the circumstances. We had a great time at NYU. We were arguably the most popular people on the campus and spent our days in an ubber-happy athletic haze. Or at least I did. Over the four years we spent playing hockey in college, Tommy's disenchantment with the sport seemed to grow more and more evident. I attempted to deny it, but eventually even I couldn't. One look in his eyes when we were offered the chance to play hockey professionally after college told me he wasn't going to take it. When I asked him what he was going to do instead, he said he didn't know but was thinking about ballet. I'm not ashamed to say I laughed right in his face. True, he'd always been the best at camp, but he was competing with a load of dunderheads whose only exhibit of grace was on a hockey court and even that was limited. There he'd been a big fish in a small pond. Out in the real world he'd just be a big fish in a giant ocean. What made him think he'd be able to do it professionally? For some reason, my words had no effect. He said he was tired of getting injured and would rather go out on his own terms than somebody else's. As much as I didn't want to admit it, I knew he was right. As the best player on the team -- barring me of course -- he was always the first one the other team went after. He'd racked up more broken limbs and concussions than most members of any professional team. It was only a matter of time before he ended up in the hospital permanently, either in the ward reserved for coma victims or the morgue. I was his best friend. It was my duty to stand by his every decision. And so, despite the fact that I still doubted his chances of becoming a real professional \"ballarhino\", when the NHL called again, only I picked up the phone. It was time for the undefeated duo to divide and go their own individual way for the first time. We kept in touch. Every month or so I'd get a long email detailing how he'd gotten into the American Dance Academy or how he'd finally mastered the complicated lift technique for holding a girl above your head. Even though I didn't really understand most of what he said, I'd send him a response teasing him for being worried about a certain step or congratulating him for finally getting his hands on a woman. You know, guy stuff. Occasionally one of us would call the other and we'd watch a game on TV, separately of course since I was always on the road and he was in New York. On those rare occasions, it almost felt like we'd never parted. Once I came to New York on an away game. He took me to a jazzy club. From our emails and telephone conversations, I knew he was friends with the owner and had an \"arrangement\" with one of the waitresses. I'd gotten the sense that there was more going on between that waitress (Kate, I think her name was) and him than just the dance partnership Tommy claimed. When I saw her pull him out to the floor and challenge him to a dance, I was almost sure I was right. And when I saw them dance, I knew I was right. They were just so in-synch. Besides that, the chemistry between them was so thick that it was practically sending out cancer-causing rays. I wasn't the only one to notice. A blond chick with a posse I'd seen with Tommy earlier took one look at the dancing couple and left with a sour expression. That night was the first time I'd seen Tommy dance anything since college. He'd definitely improved. If his ballet dancing was even half as good as his hip-hop, he'd made a good choice for his next career. I made a mental note to see one of his performances ASAP. I got my chance several months later. Tommy had gotten the lead in a production of \"The Glass Slipper\", whatever that was. Opening night happened to be just a few days before my team had to be in New York for another away game. I left the team in Cleveland a little early just to make sure I would make it. To say it was worth flying there on my own dime would be wrong. It was worth so much more than that. It was worth all the months I'd secretly spent wishing Tommy hadn't given up hockey. It was worth sitting next to ballet snobs who thought they were better than everybody else just because they had season passes to the theater. It was worth standing in line for two city blocks just to get in. It was worth it all. As Tommy danced with the girl I recognized as Kate from the club, I could literally feel my heart exploding with emotion. It was probably the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen. Tears were flowing down my face, and I never cry. Even a puck to the balls doesn't make me cry, but Tommy's dancing did. He seemed more at home up there on the stage than he ever had on the hockey court. It was then that the realization that should have come to me back so long ago at hockey camp finally came to me. Tommy was made for more than just playing hockey: he was made to dance. A/N: I considered having him meet up with Suzanne backstage and making her realize that Kate had been the right choice, but I decided against it. As much as I don't like how abruptly Suzanne changes her mind, they did an okay job explaining it with her watching the show and I couldn't figure out a way to get him backstage. Besides, this story is about his and Tommy's relationship not Suzanne. Pity though because I do kind of feel sorry for her. Kate gets Tommy, but whom does she get? Wouldn't it be sweet if she and Tommy's best friend fell in love? I suppose that will have to be another story. Anyone want the idea? Going once, going twice. Anyway, I hope you're happy X5-452 and 494 . Thank you again for the prompt.","LastChapter":"Disclaimer: Again, it is not mine. Spoilers: I'm just going to say see the film and be done with it. Warning: I know very little about hockey or any professional sport, so bear with me. There are also a few mild curse words and crude boy humor. Dedication: I usually don't dedicate my work, but I'm making an exception with this one. It came about because X5-452 and 494 read my story \"Brother of the Pussy Ballerina\" and suggested to me that I write a story on how Tommy's hockey friends reacted to his new ballerina status. Consequently my phoenix muse rose again and produced this story. Thank you X5-452 and 494. This story is for you. Made To Dance Tommy Anderson had been my best friend for as long as I could remember. I'm talking pre sandbox time. We did everything together. We even got sick together. Our parents knew that when one of us felt ill, they might as well put the other one to bed as soon as possible because chances were, he'd drop soon enough. Not that we got sick very often. People used to say we moved too fast for germs to catch us. They were probably right. I remember this one time when we were about nine. We were racing down the street of our respectful Boston neighborhood at breakneck speed. It was a long, flat, and straight strip of road. Perfect for running on. Anyway, we were running so fast, we didn't see old lady Holcomb until it was too late. One minute she was bent over, smelling her roses, the next, she was face down in the dirt smelling her fertilizer. I guess it was then that our parents banded together and decided to enroll us at the nearest gym for hockey lessons. It was the best thing they could have done for us. Tommy and I quickly became the best hockey players in the league. People called us \"The Undefeated Duo\" and they were right. We never lost a game. Every night we went to sleep dreaming of hockey and every morning we woke up to play it. It was the perfect life. Every summer our parents shipped us off to hockey camp. They said they did it for us, but we both knew they really did it for two whole months of hockey free conversation. (Of course once Tommy's little brother, Bobby, picked up our enthusiasm, Tommy's parents didn't even get those months off. To say my parents were relieved that they only had me is most likely an understatement.) Not that we weren't happy to go. Far from it. We'd start the hockey camp countdown in January. Part of the camp's morning schedule was always an hour of mandatory ballet class. They claimed it was to strengthen our ankles and improve our posture. Most of the campers thought that was a load of crap. They'd grumble that all the counselors were perverts who got off seeing us in tights. They'd also insult the teacher after class, calling her the DIT (Dragon In Tights) or Madame Tip Toes. They'd say they came to play hockey, not become a prima ballerina. When the DIT heard that, she told them they didn't have to worry since they were in greater danger of becoming balla rhinos than balle rinas . I'd be lying if I didn't tell you I was one of those grumbling campers. In fact, the only one of us who didn't think taking ballet was a waste of time that was better-spent playing hockey was Tommy. It was the one thing we disagreed on. People used to tease Tommy about it. They'd call him \"The Ballerina Of The Crotch Cup\" or \"The Amazing Ballarhino\" in honor of the DIT's pronouncement. In my defense, I never joined in. However only off court did they call Tommy names. No one would dare insult Tommy Anderson with a stick in his hand. He might always have taken the jibes with a smile, but every man is bound to crack sometime and it was best if he weren't armed when he finally did. One time the DIT overheard the boys calling Tommy names in the locker room. She burst in, apparently oblivious to the cries of alarm and hasty covering of all exposed privates. She boldly declared that they were all just jealous because Tommy had more natural grace and form in his little finger than the lot of them ever would have put together. I think that was the first time I ever saw Tommy embarrassed, although if it were because of what she said or the fact that he was half naked in front of her, I'll never know. Anyway, after that, the boys stopped teasing him. I suppose I should have known then that hockey may not be the only thing Tommy was made to do, but that realization wouldn't come for a long time. In our senior year of high school, we were both offered full ride hockey scholarships to NYU. Not that this was a surprise considering we were both all-state hockey champs three years in a row and the first freshman ever to have made the varsity hockey team. We accepted, though if I were honest with myself, I'd have to admit that Tommy might not have been as totally psyched about it as I was. Sure, he was jumping around and all, but I'd been around him long enough to see that his smile didn't light up his eyes like it normally would have given the circumstances. We had a great time at NYU. We were arguably the most popular people on the campus and spent our days in an ubber-happy athletic haze. Or at least I did. Over the four years we spent playing hockey in college, Tommy's disenchantment with the sport seemed to grow more and more evident. I attempted to deny it, but eventually even I couldn't. One look in his eyes when we were offered the chance to play hockey professionally after college told me he wasn't going to take it. When I asked him what he was going to do instead, he said he didn't know but was thinking about ballet. I'm not ashamed to say I laughed right in his face. True, he'd always been the best at camp, but he was competing with a load of dunderheads whose only exhibit of grace was on a hockey court and even that was limited. There he'd been a big fish in a small pond. Out in the real world he'd just be a big fish in a giant ocean. What made him think he'd be able to do it professionally? For some reason, my words had no effect. He said he was tired of getting injured and would rather go out on his own terms than somebody else's. As much as I didn't want to admit it, I knew he was right. As the best player on the team -- barring me of course -- he was always the first one the other team went after. He'd racked up more broken limbs and concussions than most members of any professional team. It was only a matter of time before he ended up in the hospital permanently, either in the ward reserved for coma victims or the morgue. I was his best friend. It was my duty to stand by his every decision. And so, despite the fact that I still doubted his chances of becoming a real professional \"ballarhino\", when the NHL called again, only I picked up the phone. It was time for the undefeated duo to divide and go their own individual way for the first time. We kept in touch. Every month or so I'd get a long email detailing how he'd gotten into the American Dance Academy or how he'd finally mastered the complicated lift technique for holding a girl above your head. Even though I didn't really understand most of what he said, I'd send him a response teasing him for being worried about a certain step or congratulating him for finally getting his hands on a woman. You know, guy stuff. Occasionally one of us would call the other and we'd watch a game on TV, separately of course since I was always on the road and he was in New York. On those rare occasions, it almost felt like we'd never parted. Once I came to New York on an away game. He took me to a jazzy club. From our emails and telephone conversations, I knew he was friends with the owner and had an \"arrangement\" with one of the waitresses. I'd gotten the sense that there was more going on between that waitress (Kate, I think her name was) and him than just the dance partnership Tommy claimed. When I saw her pull him out to the floor and challenge him to a dance, I was almost sure I was right. And when I saw them dance, I knew I was right. They were just so in-synch. Besides that, the chemistry between them was so thick that it was practically sending out cancer-causing rays. I wasn't the only one to notice. A blond chick with a posse I'd seen with Tommy earlier took one look at the dancing couple and left with a sour expression. That night was the first time I'd seen Tommy dance anything since college. He'd definitely improved. If his ballet dancing was even half as good as his hip-hop, he'd made a good choice for his next career. I made a mental note to see one of his performances ASAP. I got my chance several months later. Tommy had gotten the lead in a production of \"The Glass Slipper\", whatever that was. Opening night happened to be just a few days before my team had to be in New York for another away game. I left the team in Cleveland a little early just to make sure I would make it. To say it was worth flying there on my own dime would be wrong. It was worth so much more than that. It was worth all the months I'd secretly spent wishing Tommy hadn't given up hockey. It was worth sitting next to ballet snobs who thought they were better than everybody else just because they had season passes to the theater. It was worth standing in line for two city blocks just to get in. It was worth it all. As Tommy danced with the girl I recognized as Kate from the club, I could literally feel my heart exploding with emotion. It was probably the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen. Tears were flowing down my face, and I never cry. Even a puck to the balls doesn't make me cry, but Tommy's dancing did. He seemed more at home up there on the stage than he ever had on the hockey court. It was then that the realization that should have come to me back so long ago at hockey camp finally came to me. Tommy was made for more than just playing hockey: he was made to dance. A/N: I considered having him meet up with Suzanne backstage and making her realize that Kate had been the right choice, but I decided against it. As much as I don't like how abruptly Suzanne changes her mind, they did an okay job explaining it with her watching the show and I couldn't figure out a way to get him backstage. Besides, this story is about his and Tommy's relationship not Suzanne. Pity though because I do kind of feel sorry for her. Kate gets Tommy, but whom does she get? Wouldn't it be sweet if she and Tommy's best friend fell in love? I suppose that will have to be another story. Anyone want the idea? Going once, going twice. Anyway, I hope you're happy X5-452 and 494 . Thank you again for the prompt.","Summary":" Disclaimer: Again, it is not mine. Spoilers: I'm just going to say see the film and be done with it","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Friendship  - Words: 2,070 - Reviews: 4 - Favs: 9 - Follows: 1 - Published: 8 10 2009 - Status: Complete - id: 5290133 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Brother of the Pussy Ballerina","Author":"ModernScribe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5277168","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I cannot tell a lie: it isn't mine. More's the pity aye? Spoilers: None really. As usual though, it would help if you have seen the film. Brother of the Pussy Ballerina When my older brother told me he was quitting hockey to become a ballerina of all things, to say I was shocked is an understatement. My brother had been my hero for as long as I could remember. He, an all-state hockey champion, had inspired me to play hockey myself. Everyone in school knew me as Tommy the hockey star's little brother. What would they call me now? The brother of the pussy ballerina? \"You're not…uh…gay are you?\" I asked my brother slowly. My brother just laughed. \"I think if I were gay, it would have shown before now.\" \"Well, you did get those girly earrings,\" I said hesitantly. \"Hey, I thought you liked my studs!\" I didn't answer. A worse thought had just occurred to me. \"You won't have to wear tights will you?\" I was almost afraid of the answer. Imagine my jock brother wearing tights! God that was scary. Shake it off. Shake it off. \"That's kind of a requirement,\" he said with a condescending lift of his eyebrow and a shrug. \"Believe me, if I could dance in boxers I'd be much happier. But I have to say, after a while you get used to it. It's a bit like wearing really tight spandex except not as tacky.\" \"Oh, and that doesn't make you sound gay. When have you had the chance to wear spandex anyway?\" Tommy punched me playfully on my shoulder. \"Shut up you brat. I can still take you down.\" \"You and what orchestra?\" \"The New York Philharmonic, smart ass,\" he said without a pause. \"Clever, August Rush. Clever.\" \"Laugh now, little brother, but one day you might just feel differently.\" \"You mean about you becoming a ballerina? I don't think so.\" \"I mean you may want to follow in my footsteps.\" I looked at him blankly. \"I promise you, I will never, ever, want to become a tutu wearing ballerina.\" \"Wannah bet?\" Tommy asked, both eyebrows raised in challenge. \"And by the way, girls wear tutus.\" \"Yeah, you've had one too many concussions.\" \"My point exactly.\" That was two years ago. Since then I had actively avoided going to any of my older brother's performances. I was sure the experience would scar me for life and I wanted to preserve my innocence for as long as possible. That and I was not entirely convinced tutus really were reserved for women only and the sight of my idol wearing one was sure to send me into therapy for the rest of my life. Tonight though, I had finally let my parents convince me to go to Tommy's opening performance of his first major and lead role in the production \"The Glass Slipper.\" For the first few minutes, I mostly avoided looking at the stage and attempted to resist bobbing my head to the surprisingly good pop music. Apparently the New York Philharmonic was occupied elsewhere tonight. I had, however, glanced up when my brother (not that I'd admit it was my brother if anyone asked) made his entrance. Thankfully he wasn't wearing a tutu, but he was wearing skin colored tights that made him look naked. One glance was all it took before I hid my face in shame. A good fifteen minutes after that, I felt my mother nudge my arm. \"Pay attention!\" Her stage whisper was so loud that the person in front of us looked back with a warning glare. I stuck my tongue out at him. Mature, I know, but he'd been snobby all evening so I think I had the right. Damn ballet junkies. And then I caught sight of the stage. Two people were dancing in the spotlight. I recognized my brother as one and I assumed the second was his Cinderella. She was wearing a blue costume that actually looked rather pretty while he was still wearing his exposing tights. They were both wearing masks. They moved like flowing water, jumping and swaying across the stage. At that moment I got what was so beautiful about ballet and why my brother had given up his dream sport for it. I was transfixed, my eyes glued to the stage. It was like nothing I'd seen before. It was a long time before I even noticed my mouth was hanging open. As the show ended with a kiss between my brother and his co-star, I didn't even think to whisper something stupid like \"No PDA's please\" to my father like I usually would have. I was still in shock from my realization. After the show, we went backstage to congratulate Tommy. I beat my parents to him. Fastening a casual expression on my face, I said to him, \"You weren't as bad as I thought you'd be, Billy Elliot.\" Tommy laughed. \"That means a lot coming from you, pipsqueak.\" His smile was infectious. \"Jerk,\" I said, looking away. Just then my eyes caught on a girl a year or two younger than I standing a little way away from the female lead. I sauntered up to her. \"Of all the gin joints, in all the towns, in all the world, what are you doing here?\" I asked with a cheeky grin. Quoting the classics always got a girl's attention. Made them think you were deep or something. Much more macho than complementing her form or something equally lame. She just looked at me. \"For your information, I'm here because my sister is the lead.\" \"Oh really? My brother is too! What a coincidence!\" I said with a little too much enthusiasm. That got her attention. \"You're Tommy's little brother?\" She asked. \"The one and only.\" \"Tommy's a wonderful dancer. You're really lucky to have him as brother.\" \"Well your sister's not too bad herself.\" \"I know. She promised to teach me when she has time. She's already given me a few lessons. I want to be just like her one day.\" I looked at my brother, who was currently kissing my companion's sister, and thought about what I had witnessed back at the theater. He was right; my opinion had changed. \"Yeah, me too,\" I responded. A/N: I was thinking about what it would be like if I were told by my brother (if I had one) that he was quitting sports to become a ballerina and the start of this story came out. I know in the film Tommy makes it clear that he doesn't really want his brother to become a ballerina like him, but since when do younger siblings ever do what their elders tell them to do? Besides, I kind of leave it open how exactly he wants to be like him. Let's just say there's a double meaning in that. It's really up to you to decide what he meant. Embedded Quote Tip: Humphrey Bogart","LastChapter":"Disclaimer: I cannot tell a lie: it isn't mine. More's the pity aye? Spoilers: None really. As usual though, it would help if you have seen the film. Brother of the Pussy Ballerina When my older brother told me he was quitting hockey to become a ballerina of all things, to say I was shocked is an understatement. My brother had been my hero for as long as I could remember. He, an all-state hockey champion, had inspired me to play hockey myself. Everyone in school knew me as Tommy the hockey star's little brother. What would they call me now? The brother of the pussy ballerina? \"You're not…uh…gay are you?\" I asked my brother slowly. My brother just laughed. \"I think if I were gay, it would have shown before now.\" \"Well, you did get those girly earrings,\" I said hesitantly. \"Hey, I thought you liked my studs!\" I didn't answer. A worse thought had just occurred to me. \"You won't have to wear tights will you?\" I was almost afraid of the answer. Imagine my jock brother wearing tights! God that was scary. Shake it off. Shake it off. \"That's kind of a requirement,\" he said with a condescending lift of his eyebrow and a shrug. \"Believe me, if I could dance in boxers I'd be much happier. But I have to say, after a while you get used to it. It's a bit like wearing really tight spandex except not as tacky.\" \"Oh, and that doesn't make you sound gay. When have you had the chance to wear spandex anyway?\" Tommy punched me playfully on my shoulder. \"Shut up you brat. I can still take you down.\" \"You and what orchestra?\" \"The New York Philharmonic, smart ass,\" he said without a pause. \"Clever, August Rush. Clever.\" \"Laugh now, little brother, but one day you might just feel differently.\" \"You mean about you becoming a ballerina? I don't think so.\" \"I mean you may want to follow in my footsteps.\" I looked at him blankly. \"I promise you, I will never, ever, want to become a tutu wearing ballerina.\" \"Wannah bet?\" Tommy asked, both eyebrows raised in challenge. \"And by the way, girls wear tutus.\" \"Yeah, you've had one too many concussions.\" \"My point exactly.\" That was two years ago. Since then I had actively avoided going to any of my older brother's performances. I was sure the experience would scar me for life and I wanted to preserve my innocence for as long as possible. That and I was not entirely convinced tutus really were reserved for women only and the sight of my idol wearing one was sure to send me into therapy for the rest of my life. Tonight though, I had finally let my parents convince me to go to Tommy's opening performance of his first major and lead role in the production \"The Glass Slipper.\" For the first few minutes, I mostly avoided looking at the stage and attempted to resist bobbing my head to the surprisingly good pop music. Apparently the New York Philharmonic was occupied elsewhere tonight. I had, however, glanced up when my brother (not that I'd admit it was my brother if anyone asked) made his entrance. Thankfully he wasn't wearing a tutu, but he was wearing skin colored tights that made him look naked. One glance was all it took before I hid my face in shame. A good fifteen minutes after that, I felt my mother nudge my arm. \"Pay attention!\" Her stage whisper was so loud that the person in front of us looked back with a warning glare. I stuck my tongue out at him. Mature, I know, but he'd been snobby all evening so I think I had the right. Damn ballet junkies. And then I caught sight of the stage. Two people were dancing in the spotlight. I recognized my brother as one and I assumed the second was his Cinderella. She was wearing a blue costume that actually looked rather pretty while he was still wearing his exposing tights. They were both wearing masks. They moved like flowing water, jumping and swaying across the stage. At that moment I got what was so beautiful about ballet and why my brother had given up his dream sport for it. I was transfixed, my eyes glued to the stage. It was like nothing I'd seen before. It was a long time before I even noticed my mouth was hanging open. As the show ended with a kiss between my brother and his co-star, I didn't even think to whisper something stupid like \"No PDA's please\" to my father like I usually would have. I was still in shock from my realization. After the show, we went backstage to congratulate Tommy. I beat my parents to him. Fastening a casual expression on my face, I said to him, \"You weren't as bad as I thought you'd be, Billy Elliot.\" Tommy laughed. \"That means a lot coming from you, pipsqueak.\" His smile was infectious. \"Jerk,\" I said, looking away. Just then my eyes caught on a girl a year or two younger than I standing a little way away from the female lead. I sauntered up to her. \"Of all the gin joints, in all the towns, in all the world, what are you doing here?\" I asked with a cheeky grin. Quoting the classics always got a girl's attention. Made them think you were deep or something. Much more macho than complementing her form or something equally lame. She just looked at me. \"For your information, I'm here because my sister is the lead.\" \"Oh really? My brother is too! What a coincidence!\" I said with a little too much enthusiasm. That got her attention. \"You're Tommy's little brother?\" She asked. \"The one and only.\" \"Tommy's a wonderful dancer. You're really lucky to have him as brother.\" \"Well your sister's not too bad herself.\" \"I know. She promised to teach me when she has time. She's already given me a few lessons. I want to be just like her one day.\" I looked at my brother, who was currently kissing my companion's sister, and thought about what I had witnessed back at the theater. He was right; my opinion had changed. \"Yeah, me too,\" I responded. A/N: I was thinking about what it would be like if I were told by my brother (if I had one) that he was quitting sports to become a ballerina and the start of this story came out. I know in the film Tommy makes it clear that he doesn't really want his brother to become a ballerina like him, but since when do younger siblings ever do what their elders tell them to do? Besides, I kind of leave it open how exactly he wants to be like him. Let's just say there's a double meaning in that. It's really up to you to decide what he meant. Embedded Quote Tip: Humphrey Bogart","Summary":" Disclaimer: I cannot tell a lie: it isn't mine. More's the pity aye? Spoilers: None really. As usua","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Humor Family  - Words: 1,205 - Reviews: 2 - Favs: 7 - Follows: 2 - Published: 8 4 2009 - Status: Complete - id: 5277168 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Passion","Author":"Painted Daisy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4772261","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Have you ever desired something to such an extent that it's kept you up at night, literally killing you inside, because you feel like you'll never win it. Have you ever tried so hard, feet bleeding, and legs shaking, arms tired, and head aching. And you swear to all that is good and holy, if you dance another eight count you'll die on the spot? Have you ever been so passionate about a song that you feel like there's no possible way you could ever express it in movement... And then out of nowhere u2028comes the most beautiful and inspiring choreography you've ever done? Have you ever felt so over worked and tired, After all the hours and hours of the cliche blood, sweat and tears, and more Excedrin than you think is legal, you hear a critic say that they don't like your concept, and you just want to give up right thereu2028but then you have an epiphany and wonder, \"What does it matter what they think?\" Because thats your heart on that stage, and you know it belongs there. And after all the pain, failures, and hours you worku2028you know that it'll all be worth it... Because dance is your passion.u2028And no one can ever take that away from you. I wrote this after receiving a bit of harsh criticism at a choreography session I was working in the other day. It's really difficult to have something that you put your heart and soul into judged harshly, when they might not really get the concept anyway. Regardless, I'd really like to hear what you all think, reviews are always appreciated :o)","LastChapter":"Have you ever desired something to such an extent that it's kept you up at night, literally killing you inside, because you feel like you'll never win it. Have you ever tried so hard, feet bleeding, and legs shaking, arms tired, and head aching. And you swear to all that is good and holy, if you dance another eight count you'll die on the spot? Have you ever been so passionate about a song that you feel like there's no possible way you could ever express it in movement... And then out of nowhere u2028comes the most beautiful and inspiring choreography you've ever done? Have you ever felt so over worked and tired, After all the hours and hours of the cliche blood, sweat and tears, and more Excedrin than you think is legal, you hear a critic say that they don't like your concept, and you just want to give up right thereu2028but then you have an epiphany and wonder, \"What does it matter what they think?\" Because thats your heart on that stage, and you know it belongs there. And after all the pain, failures, and hours you worku2028you know that it'll all be worth it... Because dance is your passion.u2028And no one can ever take that away from you. I wrote this after receiving a bit of harsh criticism at a choreography session I was working in the other day. It's really difficult to have something that you put your heart and soul into judged harshly, when they might not really get the concept anyway. Regardless, I'd really like to hear what you all think, reviews are always appreciated :o)","Summary":" Have you ever desired something to such an extent that it's kept you up at night, literally killing","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K - English - Poetry  - Words: 285 - Reviews: 8 - Favs: 4 - Follows: 2 - Published: 1 5 2009 - Status: Complete - id: 4772261 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Dance What You Feel","Author":"Usagi's Oven","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/438285","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1 – Back at ABC rnrn rn E. Halloranrn Normalrn E. Halloranrn 2rn 39rn 2001-10-30T03:57:00Zrn 2001-10-30T03:57:00Zrn 1rn SE Halloran Designsrn 1rn 1rn 9.2720rn rnrn rn 0rn 0 1 – Back at ABC At my apartment I was practicing my stretches. Since I hadrnbeen principle for Cooper's company I had gotten everything a little biggerrnthan it would have been if I had been a ABC dancer. For instance my apartmentrnwas quite a bit bigger than I could have hoped, and the fact that it wasrnsectioned off in the nicer part of the city was a plus as well. Cooper hadrngotten married to that wealthy divorcée that I still can't remember the namernof. Ironically I felt sorry for her, the only reason Cooper married her was forrnthe money, though I can't figure out why he needed any more it. Cooper was richrnwithout a wealthy wife; as for me I had been seeing Charlie for two months now.rnCooper always had a look of scathing in store for Charlie, I don't know why, hernnever really loved me anyway, I was just another one of the faces in the crowd.rnWell, you know what they say, you always want what you can't have. I aboutrnpicked up the phone, but decided to let the answering machine answer it. \"Hello, Jodie?\" It was Cooper, I picked the phone up. \"Yes?\" I said. \"Jodie, could you do me a favor, I have to go talk tornJonathan, and I'd feel better to take one of my dancers …\" \"Why don't you take Nona, I'm really busy right now Cooper,rnand you know that Jonathan never liked me all that well.\" \"Sure he did Jodie, please?\" \"I-I'll think about it, I was going to go see Charlie todayrnanyway, and that's on the way.\" \"Great, pick you up at three Jodie.\" He hung up. Why is itrnso impossible for me to say no? I ran my fingers through my hair and looked atrnthe apartment, it was a mess. \"I miss Mom,\" I said under my breath plucking discardedrnclothes off the floor. The phone rang again. I picked it up right away. \"Hello?\" \"Hi Jodie, it's Maureen.\" I sucked in my breath. I hadn'trnseen Maureen since our last ballet (which I must report was a big success). \"Hey! I haven't seen you in a while, is everything allrnright?\" \"Yes, fine, me and Jim are getting married!\" \"Married? That's great! When?\" \"Next month, listen, Jodie, I want you to be there.\" \"Oh, how exciting! Does Eva or Bill or Emily or anyone elsernknow yet?\" Stupid question, of course they knew. \"Yes, Eva has agreed to be my maid of honor!\" \"How wonderful!\" \"Jodie?\" \"What?\" \"Would you be a maid as well? I mean, we really weren't thernbest of friends back at the academy, but you were always nice to me—and oh,rnwould you?\" \"Yes, it would be an honor!\" \"Thank you so much! Well, I guess I'll see you, bye!\" \"Bye.\" Married, how romantic, they were getting married. I decidedrnto call Charlie … ****** A/N To Be Continued … but ONLY IF I GET REVIEWED A COUPLErnTIMES!!! ~Kat","LastChapter":"1 – Back at ABC rnrn rn E. Halloranrn Normalrn E. Halloranrn 2rn 39rn 2001-10-30T03:57:00Zrn 2001-10-30T03:57:00Zrn 1rn SE Halloran Designsrn 1rn 1rn 9.2720rn rnrn rn 0rn 0 1 – Back at ABC At my apartment I was practicing my stretches. Since I hadrnbeen principle for Cooper's company I had gotten everything a little biggerrnthan it would have been if I had been a ABC dancer. For instance my apartmentrnwas quite a bit bigger than I could have hoped, and the fact that it wasrnsectioned off in the nicer part of the city was a plus as well. Cooper hadrngotten married to that wealthy divorcée that I still can't remember the namernof. Ironically I felt sorry for her, the only reason Cooper married her was forrnthe money, though I can't figure out why he needed any more it. Cooper was richrnwithout a wealthy wife; as for me I had been seeing Charlie for two months now.rnCooper always had a look of scathing in store for Charlie, I don't know why, hernnever really loved me anyway, I was just another one of the faces in the crowd.rnWell, you know what they say, you always want what you can't have. I aboutrnpicked up the phone, but decided to let the answering machine answer it. \"Hello, Jodie?\" It was Cooper, I picked the phone up. \"Yes?\" I said. \"Jodie, could you do me a favor, I have to go talk tornJonathan, and I'd feel better to take one of my dancers …\" \"Why don't you take Nona, I'm really busy right now Cooper,rnand you know that Jonathan never liked me all that well.\" \"Sure he did Jodie, please?\" \"I-I'll think about it, I was going to go see Charlie todayrnanyway, and that's on the way.\" \"Great, pick you up at three Jodie.\" He hung up. Why is itrnso impossible for me to say no? I ran my fingers through my hair and looked atrnthe apartment, it was a mess. \"I miss Mom,\" I said under my breath plucking discardedrnclothes off the floor. The phone rang again. I picked it up right away. \"Hello?\" \"Hi Jodie, it's Maureen.\" I sucked in my breath. I hadn'trnseen Maureen since our last ballet (which I must report was a big success). \"Hey! I haven't seen you in a while, is everything allrnright?\" \"Yes, fine, me and Jim are getting married!\" \"Married? That's great! When?\" \"Next month, listen, Jodie, I want you to be there.\" \"Oh, how exciting! Does Eva or Bill or Emily or anyone elsernknow yet?\" Stupid question, of course they knew. \"Yes, Eva has agreed to be my maid of honor!\" \"How wonderful!\" \"Jodie?\" \"What?\" \"Would you be a maid as well? I mean, we really weren't thernbest of friends back at the academy, but you were always nice to me—and oh,rnwould you?\" \"Yes, it would be an honor!\" \"Thank you so much! Well, I guess I'll see you, bye!\" \"Bye.\" Married, how romantic, they were getting married. I decidedrnto call Charlie … ****** A/N To Be Continued … but ONLY IF I GET REVIEWED A COUPLErnTIMES!!! ~Kat","Summary":" 1 – Back at ABC rnrn rn E. Halloranrn Normalrn E. Halloranrn 2rn 39rn 2001-10-30T03:57:00Zrn 2001-1","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Drama Romance  - Words: 555 - Reviews: 25 - Favs: 5 - Follows: 5 - Published: 10 29 2001 - id: 438285 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Dance Like Nobody's Watching","Author":"kRaZykIsS77","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1563576","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 \"EVA!!!\" Jodie shrieked as she jumped off Charlie's lap.n\"Jodieee! Haha, girl, I haven't seen you in ages!\" Eva was grinning likena madman.madwoman? The three of them were in Charlie and Jodie's apartment. They werenall getting together, the old gang, for a reunion. Erik would be comingnsoon from his mother's house, Sergei and Galina would be a bit late sincenthey had to come all the way from California, and Maureen and Jim.who knewnwhere they were? Jodie had been sitting on Charlie's lap, kissing, when the door tontheir apartment burst open. And there was Eva.n\"So, when are the others coming?\" Eva asked excitedly. \"Ooooh, I can'tnwait to see everybody! We all have so much to catch up on!\"n\"Ha ha, Erik, Maureen and Jim should be here any minute and Sergei andnGalina's plane is arriving in about 45 minutes,\" Jodie answered happily,nglancing at the clock on the wall.n\"Hey, you know what? I'm gonna go outside and wait for them. That way Incan grab a smoke, too. Plus.don't you want me to get rid of some of thisnenergy?\" Eva really was going insane now. She took out a cigarette andnskipped backwards toward the door, smashing into it. She fell to thenground and started rolling around, laughing hysterically the whole time. Charlie got up and opened the door for her. \"Yeah, you just might wanna open the door. We haven't gotten any ofnthose, you know, non-existant walk through doors yet,\" he said as henhelped her up. \"Good ol' Charlie!\" Eva thanked him. This time, she walked out thenOPEN door and pranced down the hallway. She turned around at the top ofnthe stairs. \"I'll come up as soon as someone comes! Don't miss me too much!\" Jody turned to Charlie. \"Do you think she's gonna make it down the stairs without falling?\" \"Nah, don't worry about her. You should be worrying about yourself!\"n Charlie warned her as he tackled her on the couch and began tickling her.nAs he stared at her face, gleaming with laughter, he thought, *She has gotnto be the most beautiful girl in the world.* Jody stopped laughing. \"Why are you staring at me funny? Do I have something in my teeth?n*gasp* I'm not growing a uni-brow, am I?\" Jody panicked as she thought ofnher mom and grandma. They both had unibrows. Jody'd been praying sincenshe was a little girl that it was just a coincidence, and that it wasn't anfamily gene or anything. \"Hah, no, nothing.\" \"Well then don't scare me like that anymore! You know how I feelnabout unibrows.\" Jody playfully slapped him across the face, andnimmediately put on a puppy dog face. \"Uh oh, I was a bad girl.\" Jody said sadly. \"Aah, stop! I hate the puppy dog face! Especially on you! Alright,nalright.how to make it go away.\" Charlie thought. He suddenly raced into the kitchen and closed the door. He didn'tncome out for a couple minutes, Jody sitting there completely clueless,nstill with her classic puppy dog face. When Charlie came back, he had 2ntall glasses of strawberry banana smoothies. \"Aww, Charlie! You never told me you knew how to make these!\" Jodynexclaimed as she grabbed one out of his hand and started slurping the drinknfuriously. Of course, the sad face had disappeared; it was replaced withninnocent eyes concentrated on the smoothie, and cheeks that contractednevery time she took a sip. *He is the nicest, sweetest guy in the world.*","LastChapter":"Chapter 1 \"EVA!!!\" Jodie shrieked as she jumped off Charlie's lap.n\"Jodieee! Haha, girl, I haven't seen you in ages!\" Eva was grinning likena madman.madwoman? The three of them were in Charlie and Jodie's apartment. They werenall getting together, the old gang, for a reunion. Erik would be comingnsoon from his mother's house, Sergei and Galina would be a bit late sincenthey had to come all the way from California, and Maureen and Jim.who knewnwhere they were? Jodie had been sitting on Charlie's lap, kissing, when the door tontheir apartment burst open. And there was Eva.n\"So, when are the others coming?\" Eva asked excitedly. \"Ooooh, I can'tnwait to see everybody! We all have so much to catch up on!\"n\"Ha ha, Erik, Maureen and Jim should be here any minute and Sergei andnGalina's plane is arriving in about 45 minutes,\" Jodie answered happily,nglancing at the clock on the wall.n\"Hey, you know what? I'm gonna go outside and wait for them. That way Incan grab a smoke, too. Plus.don't you want me to get rid of some of thisnenergy?\" Eva really was going insane now. She took out a cigarette andnskipped backwards toward the door, smashing into it. She fell to thenground and started rolling around, laughing hysterically the whole time. Charlie got up and opened the door for her. \"Yeah, you just might wanna open the door. We haven't gotten any ofnthose, you know, non-existant walk through doors yet,\" he said as henhelped her up. \"Good ol' Charlie!\" Eva thanked him. This time, she walked out thenOPEN door and pranced down the hallway. She turned around at the top ofnthe stairs. \"I'll come up as soon as someone comes! Don't miss me too much!\" Jody turned to Charlie. \"Do you think she's gonna make it down the stairs without falling?\" \"Nah, don't worry about her. You should be worrying about yourself!\"n Charlie warned her as he tackled her on the couch and began tickling her.nAs he stared at her face, gleaming with laughter, he thought, *She has gotnto be the most beautiful girl in the world.* Jody stopped laughing. \"Why are you staring at me funny? Do I have something in my teeth?n*gasp* I'm not growing a uni-brow, am I?\" Jody panicked as she thought ofnher mom and grandma. They both had unibrows. Jody'd been praying sincenshe was a little girl that it was just a coincidence, and that it wasn't anfamily gene or anything. \"Hah, no, nothing.\" \"Well then don't scare me like that anymore! You know how I feelnabout unibrows.\" Jody playfully slapped him across the face, andnimmediately put on a puppy dog face. \"Uh oh, I was a bad girl.\" Jody said sadly. \"Aah, stop! I hate the puppy dog face! Especially on you! Alright,nalright.how to make it go away.\" Charlie thought. He suddenly raced into the kitchen and closed the door. He didn'tncome out for a couple minutes, Jody sitting there completely clueless,nstill with her classic puppy dog face. When Charlie came back, he had 2ntall glasses of strawberry banana smoothies. \"Aww, Charlie! You never told me you knew how to make these!\" Jodynexclaimed as she grabbed one out of his hand and started slurping the drinknfuriously. Of course, the sad face had disappeared; it was replaced withninnocent eyes concentrated on the smoothie, and cheeks that contractednevery time she took a sip. *He is the nicest, sweetest guy in the world.*","Summary":" Chapter 1 \"EVA!!!\" Jodie shrieked as she jumped off Charlie's lap.n\"Jodieee! Haha, girl, I haven","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Drama Romance  - Words: 795 - Reviews: 6 - Favs: 5 - Follows: 2 - Published: 10 17 2003 - id: 1563576 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Aftermath","Author":"Toggin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1482818","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer-- I don't own anything and don't care to. * The warning signs were all there, but Jonathan's candidrninventory of her shortcomings had been the clincher. When the director callsrnyou into his office and asks you to reconsider attending his school, it's generallyrnnot indicative of your expertise. She had persisted anyway, plaintively moaning, \"I don't wantrnto go to college, I want to dance ,\" when Maureen, with her usualrnsensible bluntness, had suggested applying. No one else ever said anything, but she caught the upturnedrnnoses, the sympathetic eyes, and that was enough. The message radiated loud andrnclear, sinking through Jody's pretty sheaf of wheat-colored hair and into herrnbrain. You aren't good enough. Not good enough, maybe. But attractive enough? Oh, yes.rnCooper was proof of that and, though she didn't know it, it was the only reasonrnshe had been accepted to the Academy in the first place. Whoever said looks don't matter was probably ugly. Dancingrnis an art, above all, and being naturally beautiful has its advantages. If yourncan't pirouette your way to the top, you can always sleep your way thererninstead, whoring for success. If you play your cards right you might even endrnup a prima ballerina, twirling across the stage and praying the audiencerndoesn't notice the corps is better than you. This is what comes of being arnconglomeration of wholesome blond hair and naïve blue eyes and sweet Midwesternrnsmiles, all settled together atop an awkward body and undeniably bad feet. Jody reminisces sometimes, recalling the people she oncerntrained with. There's Eva, a star in spite of herself.xa0 Popping her gum and mouthing offrnindiscriminately, she could dance circles around Jody without even trying. Sherndoesn't need to hide her technique behind elaborate modern-dance sequences orrnartistic poses. Always upfront, she. Jody misses her the most. Then there's Maureen, the prima bitch herself. Exquisiterntechnique, unfailing devotion, and then she threw away a future most dancers onlyrndream about. She's in college now, Eva says, Columbia. Jody doesn't find itrnquite fair that Maureen is academically brilliant as well. She herself wasrnnever much of a student—all the more reason to struggle with ballet instead ofrncollege, never mind that she wonders more and more often if she's any better asrna dancer. And there's Charlie, who visits her whenever he can. Sherngreets him with giggles and kisses and he calls her an angel, making somernboyfriendish comment about how she gets more gorgeous every times he sees her.rnWhen they trade stories of what's been going on in their respective companies,rnhe doesn't understand when she tells him what hard work it is. Dancing isrnanything but work to him, but then, he's gifted, while Jody has to strain for agesrnto make even the tiniest scintilla of progress. Her thoughts end when Jody scolds herself for the jealousyrnand regret she knows she shouldn't be feeling. She has what she's alwaysrnwanted; there's no cause for such things. She's a principal now, and that hasrnto mean something. \"I want people to see the real me, past my looks.\" The plearnechoes worldwide in every profession there is. But Jody knows she can't mindrntoo much. Past her looks, there isn't much there.","LastChapter":"Disclaimer-- I don't own anything and don't care to. * The warning signs were all there, but Jonathan's candidrninventory of her shortcomings had been the clincher. When the director callsrnyou into his office and asks you to reconsider attending his school, it's generallyrnnot indicative of your expertise. She had persisted anyway, plaintively moaning, \"I don't wantrnto go to college, I want to dance ,\" when Maureen, with her usualrnsensible bluntness, had suggested applying. No one else ever said anything, but she caught the upturnedrnnoses, the sympathetic eyes, and that was enough. The message radiated loud andrnclear, sinking through Jody's pretty sheaf of wheat-colored hair and into herrnbrain. You aren't good enough. Not good enough, maybe. But attractive enough? Oh, yes.rnCooper was proof of that and, though she didn't know it, it was the only reasonrnshe had been accepted to the Academy in the first place. Whoever said looks don't matter was probably ugly. Dancingrnis an art, above all, and being naturally beautiful has its advantages. If yourncan't pirouette your way to the top, you can always sleep your way thererninstead, whoring for success. If you play your cards right you might even endrnup a prima ballerina, twirling across the stage and praying the audiencerndoesn't notice the corps is better than you. This is what comes of being arnconglomeration of wholesome blond hair and naïve blue eyes and sweet Midwesternrnsmiles, all settled together atop an awkward body and undeniably bad feet. Jody reminisces sometimes, recalling the people she oncerntrained with. There's Eva, a star in spite of herself.xa0 Popping her gum and mouthing offrnindiscriminately, she could dance circles around Jody without even trying. Sherndoesn't need to hide her technique behind elaborate modern-dance sequences orrnartistic poses. Always upfront, she. Jody misses her the most. Then there's Maureen, the prima bitch herself. Exquisiterntechnique, unfailing devotion, and then she threw away a future most dancers onlyrndream about. She's in college now, Eva says, Columbia. Jody doesn't find itrnquite fair that Maureen is academically brilliant as well. She herself wasrnnever much of a student—all the more reason to struggle with ballet instead ofrncollege, never mind that she wonders more and more often if she's any better asrna dancer. And there's Charlie, who visits her whenever he can. Sherngreets him with giggles and kisses and he calls her an angel, making somernboyfriendish comment about how she gets more gorgeous every times he sees her.rnWhen they trade stories of what's been going on in their respective companies,rnhe doesn't understand when she tells him what hard work it is. Dancing isrnanything but work to him, but then, he's gifted, while Jody has to strain for agesrnto make even the tiniest scintilla of progress. Her thoughts end when Jody scolds herself for the jealousyrnand regret she knows she shouldn't be feeling. She has what she's alwaysrnwanted; there's no cause for such things. She's a principal now, and that hasrnto mean something. \"I want people to see the real me, past my looks.\" The plearnechoes worldwide in every profession there is. But Jody knows she can't mindrntoo much. Past her looks, there isn't much there.","Summary":" Disclaimer-- I don't own anything and don't care to. * The warning signs were all there, but Jonath","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Angst  - Words: 581 - Reviews: 12 - Favs: 4 - Follows: 1 - Published: 8 18 2003 - id: 1482818 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Zero in a Thousand","Author":"AnnaChase","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3349619","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Zero in a Thousand Cooper Nielson had not always been so arrogant; once he had been an insecure boy, scared of things in life he was supposed to find exciting. Years of ambition and success had turned him into the man he now was. Even the break-up with Kathleen Donahue, whom he'd considered the love of his life, did not seem to affect him bad enough to turn him into that little boy again. Perhaps not Kathleen, but the ballet was the true love of his life. It had certainly been his first love, even though when Cooper was much younger and the people around him did not yet understand his passion. They ought ballet to be for little six- year old girls in pink tutus. Of the possibility of a future at the ballet for their son, Cooper's parents had never though; it was simply incomprehensible to them. The only had one child, one son, who would become a successful lawyer in his father's firm one day, and not a performer! Especially not a performer of a girls-thing. However, they could not change Cooper's mind, and without the help of his family, he started to climb the ladder to the top, motivated only by his own longing to be on stage, the centre of attention. And it seemed enough, for he surely reached the top. And not just the top. Cooper was also facing a successful career as a choreographer and did well in helping Jonathan teach at the American Ballet Academy sometimes. He seemed to have it all; a successful career, money, good looks, and a nice home. Yet one thing was missing… Cooper was still alone. Sure, as soon as the rumours of his break-up with Kathleen had been confirmed he'd gotten even more attention from all the girls, and he'd also made us of that, but he was still alone. Several one-night-stands could not fill up the emptiness Kathleen had caused, for they were nothing but a distraught to him; ideas that made him think he was less lonely while in fact he was not at all. He spent his lonely days in London, dancing performances his heart wasn't really in. His heart was still with Kathleen. That is, till the day he met Susannah Wilkes. He met her at the Royal Ballet School, where he taught a few hours a week to make some extra money. She was beautiful and talented, yet only 18 years old, but very mature for her age in all senses of the word. He'd noticed her immediately and she had of course noticed him too, but it wasn't so hard to notice your good-looking, famous ballet teacher. Surprisingly, she'd shown some initiative and made the first step by asking Cooper to help her train some extra for an upcoming performance night. As usually when Cooper was involved in something like this, one thing led to an other, and it didn't take long before he'd started inviting her to his apartment. For the first time in a long while Cooper wasn't so sad anymore. He wasn't sure if he was in love with Susannah, but she sure made him feel happy and forget his broken heart. She was mending it. Because of all that, he didn't mind at all doing some things for her to help her dance career. After all she was very talented and had the potential to become a very successful ballerina one day. This after noon, Susannah would come over to his apartment as well and, childish or not, Cooper couldn't wait. When eventually the doorbell rang, a smile turned up on Cooper's face like he hadn't smiled in a long time. \"Hey\", he greeted her with a long kiss. Susannah returned the kiss with a big smile before she entered and took of her coat. \"Guess what?!\" Cooper looked at her expectantly. It was obvious now that this wasn't just a crush; he was madly in love with this girl! Days long, all he could think of were her golden blond hair, her ocean blue eyes, and the way her smile lit up his formerly dark world. \"That audition I had yesterday at school, for Carmen ?? I got the part!\" she happily exclaimed. \"See?!\" Cooper laughed along with her happy mood; when she was happy, he was happy. Very happy. He lifted her up in his strong arms and continued to kiss her. \"Thank you so much for recommending me, Cooper! You're wonderful!\" \"You could have done without those recommendations too, they would have seen your talent.\", Cooper said. He'd been all frustrated when he'd been the only one noticing her obvious talent, so he'd talked to some people to give her a chance. It may not have been considered real fair toward the other dancers at the audition, but his girl was worth it. The rest of the after noon, and then also the night, was spent in Cooper's bedroom, and he was a happy man again. He had the woman he desired so much in his arms; Kathleen was all forgotten, even though she'd once touched his heart so deep. Funny how much lighter and better the world seems to people who are in love. The next morning Cooper woke up as light shone through the curtains. It was a sunny day in May, and he couldn't wait to spend it with Susannah. Speaking of, she wasn't laying in bed with him anymore. She was probably in the bathroom. Cooper put on a pair of jeans and entered the bathroom. No Susannah either…, he was starting to get slightly suspicious. \"Susannah?\", he called out, checking out the living-room and the kitchen to see if maybe she'd got up to have breakfast already, but she wasn't there either. Strange, had she said anything about having to leave early? Cooper sat down on the couch and tried to recall the things she'd said last night. A lot of things, but he couldn't remember one of them being about leaving early. He did find a note on the coffee table, in Susannah's handwriting. Dear Cooper, We had a great time together, but you're just not the right guy for me, I'm sorry. We had a great time together. Xxx Susannah Pain and anger filled Cooper's heart. She'd just used him to get that ballet part she wanted! She hadn't loved him at all, hadn't even cared about him! He angrily threw the note, now perched up in a ball, to the floor. He'd made her love him. The bitch. He simply didn't understand, there were thousands of girls interested in him, but zero of those were sincere.","LastChapter":"Zero in a Thousand Cooper Nielson had not always been so arrogant; once he had been an insecure boy, scared of things in life he was supposed to find exciting. Years of ambition and success had turned him into the man he now was. Even the break-up with Kathleen Donahue, whom he'd considered the love of his life, did not seem to affect him bad enough to turn him into that little boy again. Perhaps not Kathleen, but the ballet was the true love of his life. It had certainly been his first love, even though when Cooper was much younger and the people around him did not yet understand his passion. They ought ballet to be for little six- year old girls in pink tutus. Of the possibility of a future at the ballet for their son, Cooper's parents had never though; it was simply incomprehensible to them. The only had one child, one son, who would become a successful lawyer in his father's firm one day, and not a performer! Especially not a performer of a girls-thing. However, they could not change Cooper's mind, and without the help of his family, he started to climb the ladder to the top, motivated only by his own longing to be on stage, the centre of attention. And it seemed enough, for he surely reached the top. And not just the top. Cooper was also facing a successful career as a choreographer and did well in helping Jonathan teach at the American Ballet Academy sometimes. He seemed to have it all; a successful career, money, good looks, and a nice home. Yet one thing was missing… Cooper was still alone. Sure, as soon as the rumours of his break-up with Kathleen had been confirmed he'd gotten even more attention from all the girls, and he'd also made us of that, but he was still alone. Several one-night-stands could not fill up the emptiness Kathleen had caused, for they were nothing but a distraught to him; ideas that made him think he was less lonely while in fact he was not at all. He spent his lonely days in London, dancing performances his heart wasn't really in. His heart was still with Kathleen. That is, till the day he met Susannah Wilkes. He met her at the Royal Ballet School, where he taught a few hours a week to make some extra money. She was beautiful and talented, yet only 18 years old, but very mature for her age in all senses of the word. He'd noticed her immediately and she had of course noticed him too, but it wasn't so hard to notice your good-looking, famous ballet teacher. Surprisingly, she'd shown some initiative and made the first step by asking Cooper to help her train some extra for an upcoming performance night. As usually when Cooper was involved in something like this, one thing led to an other, and it didn't take long before he'd started inviting her to his apartment. For the first time in a long while Cooper wasn't so sad anymore. He wasn't sure if he was in love with Susannah, but she sure made him feel happy and forget his broken heart. She was mending it. Because of all that, he didn't mind at all doing some things for her to help her dance career. After all she was very talented and had the potential to become a very successful ballerina one day. This after noon, Susannah would come over to his apartment as well and, childish or not, Cooper couldn't wait. When eventually the doorbell rang, a smile turned up on Cooper's face like he hadn't smiled in a long time. \"Hey\", he greeted her with a long kiss. Susannah returned the kiss with a big smile before she entered and took of her coat. \"Guess what?!\" Cooper looked at her expectantly. It was obvious now that this wasn't just a crush; he was madly in love with this girl! Days long, all he could think of were her golden blond hair, her ocean blue eyes, and the way her smile lit up his formerly dark world. \"That audition I had yesterday at school, for Carmen ?? I got the part!\" she happily exclaimed. \"See?!\" Cooper laughed along with her happy mood; when she was happy, he was happy. Very happy. He lifted her up in his strong arms and continued to kiss her. \"Thank you so much for recommending me, Cooper! You're wonderful!\" \"You could have done without those recommendations too, they would have seen your talent.\", Cooper said. He'd been all frustrated when he'd been the only one noticing her obvious talent, so he'd talked to some people to give her a chance. It may not have been considered real fair toward the other dancers at the audition, but his girl was worth it. The rest of the after noon, and then also the night, was spent in Cooper's bedroom, and he was a happy man again. He had the woman he desired so much in his arms; Kathleen was all forgotten, even though she'd once touched his heart so deep. Funny how much lighter and better the world seems to people who are in love. The next morning Cooper woke up as light shone through the curtains. It was a sunny day in May, and he couldn't wait to spend it with Susannah. Speaking of, she wasn't laying in bed with him anymore. She was probably in the bathroom. Cooper put on a pair of jeans and entered the bathroom. No Susannah either…, he was starting to get slightly suspicious. \"Susannah?\", he called out, checking out the living-room and the kitchen to see if maybe she'd got up to have breakfast already, but she wasn't there either. Strange, had she said anything about having to leave early? Cooper sat down on the couch and tried to recall the things she'd said last night. A lot of things, but he couldn't remember one of them being about leaving early. He did find a note on the coffee table, in Susannah's handwriting. Dear Cooper, We had a great time together, but you're just not the right guy for me, I'm sorry. We had a great time together. Xxx Susannah Pain and anger filled Cooper's heart. She'd just used him to get that ballet part she wanted! She hadn't loved him at all, hadn't even cared about him! He angrily threw the note, now perched up in a ball, to the floor. He'd made her love him. The bitch. He simply didn't understand, there were thousands of girls interested in him, but zero of those were sincere.","Summary":" Zero in a Thousand Cooper Nielson had not always been so arrogant; once he had been an insecure boy","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Romance Drama  - Words: 1,157 - Favs: 3 - Follows: 2 - Published: 1 19 2007 - Status: Complete - id: 3349619 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"The Way You Make Me Feel","Author":"AbsintheFairy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/310864","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Way You Make Me Feel","LastChapter":"The Way You Make Me Feel","Summary":" The Way You Make Me Feel","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  M - English - Romance Drama  - Words: 1,811 - Reviews: 18 - Favs: 3 - Follows: 1 - Published: 6 8 2001 - id: 310864 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Waiting For The Dawn","Author":"ModernScribe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5276338","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I am as likely the owner of this film as I am a ballerina and as my sister will vouch for me, I am definitely not a ballerina. Spoilers: Major subtle spoilers for pretty much the whole movie. You could conceivably read it without having seen the film, but some of it might go over your head. Warning: Severe mushiness and drama alert! Like you'll need a shovel to get through this. Waiting For The Dawn From the moment we first held hands, I knew I had found my fire for she was my sun, the center of my universe. Dancing with her, I was invincible. I could do anything with her in my arms. I lifted her to the heavens and I could swear I was already there. With every sauté I flew and every saut de basque I floated. I was her Sistine Chapel and she was my Michelangelo, just as I was her Da Vinci and she was my Mona Lisa. She was more than my partner; she was my sun. My other partner--the one my teacher assigned to me--never knew that as I lifted her, I pictured another's face. The empty walls of placid gray would melt and fade, becoming walls of brick and steel. That was my true home and my true heart. I lived for the night when my sun would be mine. During the day, I danced. During the night, I flew. There she was above me, smiling that perfect smile, glowing that perfect glow. She was the definition of beauty, the image of perfection. She was Aphrodite in mortal form; my goddess through and through. At night as she lay sleeping, I'd look down upon her flawless skin. I'd watch her sleep and I could swear that she had no mortal match. Through rose-colored eyes I watched her and in black clothes I let her go. My sun hid behind the clouds and the world seemed darker for it. But as it sets, so doth it rise. So here I stand, waiting for the dawn. A/N: It really irritated me that there were no Center Stage 2 fanfics here, so I decided to write my own. Usually I'd write a poem, but nothing was coming to me. I kind of got a little poetic towards the end though, I suppose. What can I say; prose has never really been my thing.","LastChapter":"Disclaimer: I am as likely the owner of this film as I am a ballerina and as my sister will vouch for me, I am definitely not a ballerina. Spoilers: Major subtle spoilers for pretty much the whole movie. You could conceivably read it without having seen the film, but some of it might go over your head. Warning: Severe mushiness and drama alert! Like you'll need a shovel to get through this. Waiting For The Dawn From the moment we first held hands, I knew I had found my fire for she was my sun, the center of my universe. Dancing with her, I was invincible. I could do anything with her in my arms. I lifted her to the heavens and I could swear I was already there. With every sauté I flew and every saut de basque I floated. I was her Sistine Chapel and she was my Michelangelo, just as I was her Da Vinci and she was my Mona Lisa. She was more than my partner; she was my sun. My other partner--the one my teacher assigned to me--never knew that as I lifted her, I pictured another's face. The empty walls of placid gray would melt and fade, becoming walls of brick and steel. That was my true home and my true heart. I lived for the night when my sun would be mine. During the day, I danced. During the night, I flew. There she was above me, smiling that perfect smile, glowing that perfect glow. She was the definition of beauty, the image of perfection. She was Aphrodite in mortal form; my goddess through and through. At night as she lay sleeping, I'd look down upon her flawless skin. I'd watch her sleep and I could swear that she had no mortal match. Through rose-colored eyes I watched her and in black clothes I let her go. My sun hid behind the clouds and the world seemed darker for it. But as it sets, so doth it rise. So here I stand, waiting for the dawn. A/N: It really irritated me that there were no Center Stage 2 fanfics here, so I decided to write my own. Usually I'd write a poem, but nothing was coming to me. I kind of got a little poetic towards the end though, I suppose. What can I say; prose has never really been my thing.","Summary":" Disclaimer: I am as likely the owner of this film as I am a ballerina and as my sister will vouch f","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K - English - Romance Drama  - Words: 409 - Reviews: 1 - Favs: 3 - Follows: 1 - Published: 8 4 2009 - Status: Complete - id: 5276338 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Under Different Circumstances","Author":"Tony Terrace","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8797272","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hey guys, this is my first Flushed Away fanfic… I'm not completely sure how this story was created. Guess I just wanted to try some different things Somehow at some point I managed to think, \"Hey! What would've happened if Roddy and Rita met under different circumstances?\" and decided to write this. Or something like that, anyways… Originally this was going to be a one-shot but I decided to make it multi-chapter. I dunno… maybe like a fan-version of the original Chapter One: Burst Water Main A strangle, gurgling sound from elsewhere in the house startled Roddy awake. For a moment he lay completely still, breath held tight, heart beating fast with adrenaline, and just listened… There it was. That gurgling sound again. What was it? An intruder? Roddy cringed at the thought. He needed reinforcements. After all, in a big, empty house like this, one rat on his own didn't stand much of a chance. Minutes later, he was in the kitchen, clutching tightly onto an army doll and a keychain which doubled as a torch. Oh, and wearing a plastic Viking helmet for protection. Roddy was using the soldier as a shield, but there didn't appear to be any immediate danger, despite the noise definitely coming from the kitchen. He listened. There again… the sink ! It sounded almost blocked up. But what could – The recorded sound of \" Give up your weapons of mass destruction! \" made Roddy jump, and in the panic of thinking an intruder might spot him, Roddy began doing battle with the army doll to shut him up. Having at last removed the batteries from Sarge's back, Roddy clambered somewhat ungraciously onto the counter in the middle of the kitchen, where he saw the tap of the sink beginning to shake and vibrate. As Roddy shone the torch's beam of light directly at the sink, a burst of water shot up from the sink almost like a fountain… Roddy saw a flash of colour before he looked up… a shape somersaulted through the air, propelled by the push given by the water, and landed almost silently on the counter, and straightened up. A rat – a girl rat, probably from the sewer. Actually, Roddy thought, she was quite a pretty girl rat. Even if she was from the sewer. Then again, he'd never seen another girl rat in his life before. But she was definitely prettier than Tabitha's fashion dolls. The girl rat was looking straight at him, through the glare of the torch. The shock of seeing her green eyes bore into his – of actually being stared at by someone alive , someone who wasn't just a human or a fashion doll – momentarily erased all memory of how, exactly, speech worked. Probably, it involved not standing there staring with your mouth hanging open. It was the girl rat who broke the silence first. Underneath her cockney accent, her voice was tentative; cautious. Perhaps even a little hesitant. \"Is this… your house?\" That sentence seemed to kick some sense into Roddy, who was feeling very awkward, still wearing the plastic helmet. He hurried to remove it. \"Yes,\" he replied. Then he added: \"Who are you? How – how did you get here?\" \"Not sure. I was in the pub, but there was a burst water main…\" the girl rat stopped talking, as though she felt she really didn't need to explain any further. And it was true, Roddy understood just fine: the burst water main had sent the girl up through the pipes and she had ended up here. So she must be from the sewer. \"Who are you?\" Roddy asked again. \"Rita,\" the girl answered absently. She seemed to be searching for something. Despite his horror, Roddy had to admit he was enjoying conversing with someone who could actually… well, talk back. \"Where's the toilet?\" Rita asked. Roddy blinked. \"Why?\" \"The pipes lead to the sewer. Duh.\" Rita stared at Roddy as though he were a complete idiot. He wasn't sure he approved of being given such a sarcastic look. Especially not by a sewer rat . \"Look here, you can't –\" \"Are you going to answer my question or not?\" \"It's through the door to your right, but –\" \"Thanks.\" Rita hopped off the counter and headed for the door. Roddy's stare of annoyance dropped into a frown. He'd just met the first rat he'd ever seen in his entire life – other than himself, of course – and he couldn't think to be courteous? Okay, he thought. Take two. I'll just have to make a better impression than I did five minutes ago. Roddy immediately followed Rita out the door, calling out nervously: \"Rita! Wait! Rita!\" Standing with her left hand on the toilet handle and her right hand checking something in her back pocket, Rita turned to stare at him. \"What?\" she asked. Her fingers closed around the silver handle. Roddy froze. He hadn't planned this through, and now Rita's green eyes were staring directly into his and his brain was melting. \"I – uh –\" \"Look, I have to get going, alright?\" \"Well, I was – I was wondering if…\" Roddy was plenty experienced with talking to plastic fashion dolls, but apparently he needed practise with talking to real people. Especially with girls. \"Spit it out,\" Rita said. \"Would you like to stay for a while?\" Roddy blurted out. Rita looked at him, seeming to think the suggestion through carefully. \"Sure,\" she said at last. \"Probably safer if I stay here for a bit.\" Roddy blinked. \"Safer?\" \"Long story,\" Rita said, jumping down to stand in front of Roddy. She extended her hand. \"I'm Rita Malone.\" \"Roddy St. James,\" Roddy replied, shaking Rita's hand. Her hand was incredibly warm, especially in comparison to Tabitha's fashion dolls. Roddy had to try and repress a small grin. \"Would you like something to eat?\" Rita regarded him again. \"Sure. What've you got?\" Now it was Roddy's turn to think. \"Well… there's plenty of food in the kitchen… and Tabitha's parents may have left some chocolate cake behind… what would you like?\" \"So… d'you get to live here on your own?\" Rita asked. She was lounging on a sofa cushion, eating a small slice of cake, watching an advertisement for the upcoming world cup match. Roddy couldn't stop watching her. Especially her eyes. She had charming eyes, he thought. Absolutely lovely . \"Not – not exactly,\" Roddy stammered, unsure of how to continue. Should he explain that he was a pet rat, or make something up? He should probably explain, but make it sound better than it could, Roddy finally decided. \"My owners live here too, but they're usually out, and they don't realise I can get out of the cage whenever I want.\" \"You're a pet rat, then?\" Rita didn't look surprised. At least, not much. \"My mum knew a pet rat once. Not as – er, refined – as you, though.\" \"Do you have much of a family?\" \"Huge. Thirty-something siblings, I think.\" \"I never knew my family.\" Roddy couldn't stop the sad undertone in his voice. \"That's unfortunate.\" Rita turned to face Roddy. She had been very reserved at first, but Roddy felt he had been able to get Rita to open up to him. Just a bit. \"Roddy, don't worry about it, alright? I mean, a huge family like mine isn't exactly easy…\" Rita continued to watch the television with mild interest, as Roddy, in return, watched her. She wore a green jumper, sewer boots and Union Flag jeans, with a red ponytail. Her clothes had all been scavenged, of course. As had the clothes of the vast majority of her family, she had explained. Oh, she said, others who lived in the sewers wore scavenged clothes too, but normally the material was scavenged and then the clothes were made in a boutique; but in Rita's family, the material usually went straight to her mother, who made clothes. They couldn't afford the boutique clothes if they wanted to keep eating. \"You… have a large family, then?\" Roddy asked. \"Yeah,\" Rita answered. \"Huge. The house is pretty full. There's not a lot of money but we get by.\" Roddy had never realised there was even poverty among sewer rats. \"Is there anything I could do to help?\" he asked the question before he realised what he was doing. \"Nah,\" Rita answered. \"We'll be okay. I've got this.\" She took a jewel-shaped piece of red glass from her pocket. To an inexperienced eye, Roddy realised, it would look like a ruby. He frowned. \"Is there a story behind all this?\" \"Sure,\" Rita said. When she turned to find Roddy waiting expectantly, she continued: \"I used to work the drains with my dad, and we found this ruby one day… Dad broke every bone in his body trying to get to it. But we got it. Problem is, this crime boss – the Toad – wanted it and he keeps trying to steal it, so then I have to steal it back… long story short, I was hiding in the pub after I'd nicked it back again. The Toad's henchrats are probably looking for me.\" Roddy's frown deepened. Rita and her father had possibly risked their lives… for a piece of glass. But wait: wasn't there a jewellery box in the master bedroom? Roddy wasn't sure if he was feeling generous or just trying to impress Rita. \"Rita…\" he began, slightly more sure of what he'd say this time. \"I can give you a ruby, if you want one.\" Rita stared at him as though he was an idiot, and raised the false gem in her hand a little higher. \"I've got one.\" \"No,\" Roddy explained, moving closer to her. \"I doubt that. It's just glass. Look: you can tell. Real gems don't break.\" With that, he snatched the piece of glass from Rita's hand and hurled it to the ground, where it shattered. For a moment, Rita stared dumbly at the shards; then her jaw set and her hands curled into fists. Almost too late, Roddy realised his mistake. He didn't quite expect the first punch, which knocked him backwards. Roddy stumbled away and grabbed a cushion to defend himself with. Perhaps I shouldn't have done that, he thought. Making Rita angry was the exact opposite of what he'd planned to do. Now he had to get her to calm down so he could – Wait. Rita wasn't attacking. Roddy lowered the cushion and peered around it. Rita was at the opposite end of the sofa, her knees drawn up to her chest. She looked ready to cry. Well done, Roddy, old chap. You're just smashing at this, aren't you? Roddy stepped cautiously up to Rita. \"I'm sorry,\" was all he could think to say. He wasn't used to guilt. \"Just leave me alone,\" Rita mumbled. \"Rita, please. I want to help you.\" Rita scoffed. \"Is that what you call helping Up Top?\" \"Rita.\" Roddy's voice was firm enough that it even surprised himself. It certainly made Rita look at him. He knelt next to her. \"In the master bedroom, there's a jewellery box full of diamonds, rubies and pearls… real ones. I can give you one.\" Rita looked doubtful. Roddy couldn't say he blamed her. It probably sounded too good to be true. \"Why?\" she asked suspiciously. \"I want to help,\" Roddy answered. \"Is that so hard to believe.\" \"A little.\" Roddy chuckled and stood up. \"Come on,\" he said, offering his hand to Rita. She stood up on her own, casting him a defiant glare, and followed him into the master bedroom.[Chapter 2] A/N: Still my first Flushed Away fanfic… terrified to make it good Probably not working and I got a bit carried away but oh well Chapter Two: Dirty Tricks Rita wasn't sure whether she should trust Roddy, especially after he broke her ruby, but then, he wasn't exactly asking her to trust him, she reasoned. She let him lead her into the master bedroom, although she did put up a bit of a fight when Roddy tried to place his hands over her eyes. It didn't take much to get him to give up. He led her over to a jewellery box and made her close her eyes. Rita covered her eyes with her hand but peeked through her fingers, at Roddy. She hated to admit it about such a prissy rat, but he was undoubtedly one of the most handsome blokes she'd met. Especially recently. \"Here,\" Roddy said, grinning as he reached into the box, picked something up, and withdrew his arm (Rita dropped her hand from her eyes now); holding what was possibly the most beautiful gemstone Rita had ever seen. Compared to this, Rita could see how the ruby she and her dad had worked so hard to get was just glass. She found herself breathless. But then a thought formed at the back of her mind. \"You want something in return, don't you?\" Roddy frowned. \"I – I don't think so.\" He looked almost confused. \"Then why are you helping me?\" Rita demanded. She knew she should just accept the help, but something wouldn't let her. \"Well,\" Roddy said, crossing his arms and sticking his nose in the air with a feigned, over-dignified tone to his voice, \"I can tell when I'm not wanted. If that's the way you're going to be, then I…\" he pretended to cry but it didn't last very long, because he and Rita began to laugh. \"Thank you,\" Rita said, when they had both recovered their breath. She accepted the ruby; clutched it to her chest. \"It's beautiful.\" \"Do you think it'll be enough?\" Roddy asked. Rita nodded. \"I have another idea,\" Roddy said. \"It sounds stupid, but if you're up for it…\" Considering his last idea had involved smashing the ruby she'd found, Rita wasn't sure if she wanted to accept Roddy's offer. On the other hand, he had just given her a new one, so she didn't have much choice but to agree. The next box was in Tabitha's room. Tabitha, Roddy explained, was the little girl who looked after him. She absolutely adored her fashion dolls (and Roddy) and spoiled them something rotten. It was why Roddy was dressed so nicely: Tabitha had boxed of clothing, many of which were never used. Roddy wanted to give some of the clothes to Rita's family. This was getting a bit weird. Had she accidentally stumbled into some hidden camera show, or charity event? But… the way Roddy kept smiling, a goofy smile mixed with sincerity… somehow she couldn't imagine Roddy was anything other than a lonely, generous, very rich pet rat. And that meant that somehow she just couldn't bring herself to say no to the poor guy. Besides, it wasn't like he got much company around here, was it? The box of doll clothes that weren't used was actually a bright pink shoebox. It was decorated mostly with wrapping paper, paint and glitter. Inside the box were masses of dolls' clothes, ranging from 1960s rocker gear to football shirts; hot pant bikini outfits to flowing evening gowns; Wallace & Gromit t-shirts with ripped jeans to dinner suits much like the one Roddy was wearing. Rita turned away. \"No.\" \"No?\" she heard Roddy ask. He possibly stepped closer to her as he said it. She wasn't sure. \"What do you mean?\" \"I can't accept all this,\" Rita answered. \"I mean, aside from the obvious reason –\" \"Pride?\" Roddy offered. She knew he meant her pride wouldn't let her accept the gifts he was willing to give her. He was probably right, too, but she wouldn't admit it. \"I've also got no way of getting any of those clothes back into the sewers without ruining them. Besides, won't Tabitha notice they're gone?\" \"I doubt it,\" Roddy answered. \"After all, the hardly even looks at this box. And I'm sure I can find you some way of getting the clothes back into the sewers without ruining them.\" Rita wasn't sure why, but she continued trying to deny the help. \"With the ruby you've given me, we won't have to worry about clothes…\" \"Maybe not for now, but who knows how long the money will last?\" \"It'll last us long enough…\" \"Rita.\" He was taking a firm tone with her again. Not quite commanding; more like willing, almost begging her to listen to him. Rita looked at Roddy: his brown eyes pleaded with her to take the offer. He looked almost like a puppy. \"Alright,\" Rita heard herself saying. \"If I can find a way to get them back home, then maybe –\" \"At least try something on before you say that.\" Rita tried on a green dress that appeared to be designed for some sort of prom, if only to shut Roddy up. The silky material was so smooth against her skin, and it fit her so nicely… if she never wore it out, she could perhaps keep it as a disguise, because the Toad's henchrats would probably never recognise her in – Bloody hell. That was a dirty trick. He probably knew I couldn't say no if I tried something on, she thought to herself. That little sneak. Suddenly begrudging Roddy every movement she made in this flipping dress, Rita stepped out of the doll house she'd been changing in. \"What d'you think?\" she asked unenthusiastically. It definitely shut Roddy up. He stood staring at her, mouth hanging open like he was trying to catch flies. Charming . Rita cleared her throat loudly and glared while Roddy snapped out of it. \"You – you look lovely, Rita,\" he said. He sounded almost breathless. Rita rolled her eyes. She'd heard all the lines – she'd had multiple boyfriends and too many rats flirting with her to count – and at the end of the day, she wasn't as big a fan of the sweet talk routine as she would have been when she was, say, fifteen. \"Yeah, well don't get used to it,\" she grumbled, and stormed back into the doll house to get changed back into her regular clothes. When she re-emerged from the house, with the dress folded over one arm, she said, \"Alright, Roddy, you win. I'll take the clothes with me.\" \"Wonderful! I'm sure we can find a sealable bag to put these in…\" Yep. He definitely knew she'd have to keep the clothes if she tried them on. He'd probably been planning it. Sneaky little git. He summoned her over to a bright red convertible and sped off to the kitchen. Rita had absolutely no idea what was going on or why he couldn't have just left her in the bedroom, but she figured he was probably just really lonely. Sudden company must have come as a huge shock to him. In fact, he probably – \"Found them!\" he called from one of the drawers. He waved a couple of see-through zip-lock bags over his head and hopped ungraciously down to the floor again. Roddy's movements in anything like this were always clumsy, Rita noted. Every time he jumped or climbed or basically did anything athletic, he automatically switched from a smooth, faultless gentleman to… well, a bit of an ungainly twit. \"These should keep any water away from the clothes. All we would have to do is keep hold of them.\" He looked so proud of himself for figuring it out. Rita sighed. She'd probably be leaving soon. It wasn't that she was used to it here – sure it was comfortable, but it wasn't her home, and besides, she'd only arrived recently – but perhaps it was that she felt bad for Roddy. He'd be all alone up here again. Maybe she felt bad for leaving him. Maybe she should – Wait. \" We? \" Roddy's face went red and he stared at the floor. \"Well… yes. I was thinking – could I perhaps – stick with you for a bit? Just for a while. I'd return home after a bit.\" At first Rita was going to accuse Roddy of not having thought any of this through, but then she realised he probably had no idea about life in the sewers. \"How d'you propose to get back when you're sick of the sewers?\" she demanded. \"Well, I thought I could find one of the manhole covers just outside and –\" \"Roddy, you'd have to take a boat. The treatment plant at Hyde Park creates rapids . They're almost impossible to get past.\" \"I'm sure you could figure something out.\" Rita glared. \"Stop trying to sweet talk me, St. James.\" \"Maybe if you ask nicely, Malone.\" Two second later, they were laughing again. \"You might not be a fan of my house,\" Rita warned, looking around. This house… it was like a palace. \"I won't stay too long,\" Roddy said, as though in reply to Rita's statement. \"What about Tabitha?\" \"Pets run away all the time.\" \"What if they replace you?\" Roddy paused. He probably hadn't thought of that. \"Well,\" he said, \"I'll probably only stay for a couple of days, then. At least until the world cup's over and they get back.\" He smiled; she frowned. It really didn't sound like a good idea. But then, he was giving her all those nice clothes, and a ruby. Maybe they could find some way to get him home other than Hyde Park. There must be another way. \"Alright,\" she said at last. \"If you're sure.\" Roddy grinned. About half an hour later, they were standing on the toilet seat in the bathroom, having moved everything around so it looked as though nothing had been disturbed – just in case there wasn't time when Roddy returned. Rita had secured the ruby in the heel of one of her boots and she and Roddy each gripped a couple of zip-lock bags. \"Ready?\" Roddy asked. He didn't look like the sort of rat who'd enjoy the sewer but Rita just went along with it. \"Not too late to change your mind,\" she said. \"Honestly, Rita, I'm starting to think you don't want me going with you,\" Roddy teased. Not if the henchrats catch us, Rita thought grimly. You'll probably hold me up and get me in trouble. \"Alright,\" Rita said. \"Get ready.\" She made to push Roddy into the water. \"Wait!\" he exclaimed. \"I can't swim…\" \"So stay here.\" \"No, I want to –\" Rita sighed heavily. \"Alright, fine . When we get there, I'll help you. Okay?\" \"Uh –\" \"Okay.\" Rita grinned cheerfully and shoved Roddy into the toilet water. He seemed to panic. Maybe he thought she'd just leave him. \"Wait! Stop! Please!\" Ignoring him, Rita pulled the flush on the toilet and then jumped into the water herself. She was okay with the drainpipes but he wasn't. He crashed into everything, screamed, worried, turned around to check if she was still there, crashed again and the whole cycle would start again. Rita had survived the trip with minimal damage and now stood in maybe an inch or two of water, watching Roddy have a panic attack. He obviously hadn't thought his plan through very carefully. He was standing on the walkway crying about wanting to go home and how he shouldn't be here. Rita rolled her eyes and groaned, picking up the clothing bags he'd dropped. This was gonna be a long day.[Chapter 3] A/N: I don't own Flushed Away … why d'you think there hasn't been a sequel yet? Chapter Three: Welcome to Ratropolis Roddy wasn't enjoying himself. He'd been in the sewers for all of about ten minutes now. He was damp from the water, which was making him cold, which was making him uncomfortable. Why was he stupid enough to suggest going to the sewers, anyway? A sideways glance at Rita held the answer. She was walking slowly, holding the ruby tight in one hand now, trying to figure out where they were. Her eyebrows were pulled together thoughtfully. She didn't care about the damp, or the cold, or how dark it was down here. She was tough. And gorgeous, a small voice at the back of his mind added. Admit it, Roddy. You decided to visit the sewers because you like Rita. He couldn't exactly argue with his own logic. \"This way,\" Rita said, pointing around a corner. \"Not long now. Maybe ten or fifteen minutes,\" she added, before Roddy could ask. \"Not long to where, exactly?\" Roddy asked irritably. Rita turned; advanced on him. \"Look,\" she said angrily, \"you wanted to come to the sewers. I get that it's not your idea of a great place to be, but if you don't like it then you've only got yourself to blame. Alright?\" Shrinking back, Roddy nodded slightly. \"Good.\" Rita sounded satisfied. She carried on walking. \"We're going to find my boat, the Jammy Dodger .\" Roddy resisted the urge to laugh, hurrying to catch up with her. \"And where to after that?\" \"Well, I'd better stop off at the pub and tell them I'm alive, but apart from that we should be able to get straight back to my house.\" Roddy breathed a sigh of relief. At least he'd be able to warm up soon. \"Here it is.\" Roddy had never seen a real boat in person before, but as he looked over the Jammy Dodger , he had to commend the skill of whoever had built it. It had clearly been hand-built from bits of scrap and spare parts which had been scavenged, and Roddy doubted it would be a smooth, fast ride; but clearly it floated and it looked interesting. \"We'll stash the clothes below-deck and I'll find a place to hide the ruby,\" Rita told him. He sighed. She was so… matter-of-fact. He knew this, of course: Rita had been very matter-of-fact before; but he liked it when she had opened up to him. He'd felt almost like he'd had a friend – one who wasn't made out of plastic, at any rate. But he'd probably ruined it when he'd smashed the fake ruby. So, perhaps in an attempt to get back on Rita's good side or perhaps to try and lighten the mood (especially his own) Roddy saluted and offered to stash the clothes himself. Rita agreed and opened the hatch which led below the deck. It was crowded down there but Roddy tucked the bags of clothes carefully into a corner and then returned up the ladder, shutting the hatch behind him. Rita had probably returned the ruby to the heel of her boot, because she was leaning most of her weight on one leg. \"Ready?\" she asked, gripping the wheel. Roddy sat down near the bow and watched her, nodding politely. \"Alright,\" she said. She seemed cheerier now. Roddy breathed a sigh of relief. Rita laughed. \"Don't be so worried, Roddy. We should be home in less than an hour, and then you can get changed into something dry. I'm sure there are dry clothes in one of those bags.\" The boat began to move. The motion surprised Roddy for a moment, but then he settled down and said, \"Would it be asking too much if I asked to get changed into something dry now ?\" \"Depends if you're planning to pester me about it,\" Rita shrugged. Then she said, \"Go ahead, Roddy. You can probably hang your dinner suit over the engine. The heat it generates should dry your clothes off.\" With the hatch safely closed overhead, Roddy stripped down to his underwear and hung his sodden clothes over the engine by a stretch of fishing line. He examined a tear in the sleeve of his jacket. It didn't seem too bad. He figured he could either abandon the jacket, or ask Rita's mother to patch it up – after all, hadn't Rita said her mother was a seamstress? Roddy found that his trousers and shirt began to dry quickly, and once they were completely dry he put them back on. They were toasty-warm, he thought happily. The jacket was still damp, but it was drier than it had been. Roddy rolled up the sleeves of his shirt and headed back up the hatch. \"Not bad,\" Rita said approvingly, as Roddy emerged from below the deck. \"You should stay dressed like that, Roddy. It suits you a bit.\" Roddy grinned. Oh, it felt so wonderful to hear somebody say his name! Especially when that somebody was Rita Malone, with her absolutely lovely voice and – Roddy slapped himself mentally. He suspected he was developing a crush on Rita, but this was no time to be acting so ridiculous. The tunnels seemed to lighten all of a sudden. \"Here we are,\" Rita said. They turned a corner and found themselves in the centre of a bustling city. Roddy, who had never seen a city before, also found himself in shock. It looked almost like a miniature replica of London, built especially for and by the rats living here. Instead of roads and cars, of course, were sewer water and boats. It was so… incredible. \"Welcome to Ratropolis,\" Rita said, placing a hand on Roddy's shoulder and smiling gently. At the nearest docks, she moored the Dodger and hopped onto the walkway, asking Roddy if he wanted to join her. Of course he did. He didn't plan on telling her, but Roddy enjoyed Rita's company. He felt almost honoured to stand in her presence; to be walking beside her while people glanced at them on the street. Some even stared, although he had no idea whether they were staring at him or at Rita. On occasion they passed someone Rita apparently knew, and Rita would say hello, and more often than not the other person would ask about Roddy, and Rita would reply that he was a friend who was visiting from out of town. A friend . Roddy's heart soared at the thought. The pub was called The Bog & Brush . Roddy glanced doubtfully at the sign, painted in gold capital letters, and wondered whether it was the owner's attempt at being funny. He had, he decided, seen quite enough of toilets for one day. As they entered, Roddy paused to let his eyes readjust to the change of lighting. It was rather darker in here than it was outside. A few people looked around; someone wolf-whistled. Roddy subconsciously grabbed Rita's hand out of nerves. She gave his hand a reassuring squeeze and then took her hand from his. \"Hello, Rita! I was worried about you,\" a large rat with dark hair called out. Rita went over to join him at his table and Roddy followed. He wore a t-shirt made from a pair of y-fronts and leather jacket with denim jeans, and was nursing a beer. \"You know y' don't need to worry about me, Sid,\" Rita said to the dark-haired rat. \"I knew you'd get back okay,\" Sid replied, \"but I still think we should've swapped places, because then at least – hello, who's this?\" He had spotted Roddy. \"Roderick St James of Kensington,\" Roddy said, trying his best to say it with a highly dignified air. Rita shot him a look as though he was an idiot. Roddy felt his ego deflate a little. \"The water main sent me to his house,\" she said, turning back to Sid. \"Roddy here decided to come back and see the sewers 'til his owners get home.\" Another blow to his pride. \"Don't worry Roddy,\" Sid cheered, clapping him on the back. \"You'll have a right fun time with Rita guiding you 'round! I might join you meself! Want to stay for a drink, Rita?\" \"Maybe later, mate. I'd best go tell the family I'm okay.\" Rita turned to leave. \"See ya, Rita! See ya, Rodney!\" Rita burst out laughing as they walked through the door. \"Don't worry about Sid, Roddy. He's a bit mental but he means well. One of my best and only mates in school, Sid was.\" As they headed to Rita's house on the Jammy Dodger , Roddy noted that Rita seemed significantly happier than before. Perhaps she was looking forward to seeing her family. They docked in front of a very unstable-looking building which rocked from side to side, multiple cases balancing precariously on top of it. \"Good heavens!\" Roddy exclaimed. \"Is that a house?\" \"Yep,\" Rita replied, handing him all the bags of dolls' clothes. \"It's not the safest but it'll do. Why don't you wait outside for a bit? I'll draw the mob's attention away,\" she added gently, only teasing lightly. \"Mob?\" \"You'll see,\" Rita chuckled. Then she crossed to the door and entered. Still on the boat, Roddy heard what seemed to him, a loner all his life, like hundreds of little voices cry \" Rita! \" and saw the entire house, porch and all, tip to one side. Eager to see, he scrambled out of the boat, across the dock and over to the window. Rita hadn't been joking: her family really was huge! She was surrounded by a small army of young children; and still more were playing behind her, hollering greetings to their eldest sibling: \"It's Rita!\" \"Rita's back!\" \"She's home!\" and, Roddy swore, \"See, I told you she'd be okay.\" A woman who Roddy could see was Rita's mother entered from the kitchen and enveloped her in a tight hug. \"Thank goodness you're alright.\" Rita smiled. Smiled . \"I'm fine, mum. Actually, I –\" \"Rita!\" Another figure entered from the kitchen. Judging by his age, wheelchair and full-body cast, Roddy figured he was Rita's father. \"Hello, dad,\" Rita said, still smiling warmly. I wonder if I can get her to smile at me like that, Roddy thought. Suddenly the entire house tipped again as a large-looking brother of Rita's skated in the direction of the porch, and Roddy, along with Rita's father and several of her siblings, was thrown off-balance. Roddy heard a loud crash as several people hit the wall, and carefully picked himself up. He thought, I seem to be falling over today far more often than I'd like. \"Oi, mum!\" yelled one of Rita's brothers, a spotty, greasy-haired teenager wearing a t-shirt that read Bubonic Plague . \"There's a Peeping Tom outside!\" Rita spotted Roddy over the boy's shoulder and waved. \"Tom?\" shouted a somewhat batty-sounding old woman wearing a pink nightgown and hair curlers, shoving the greasy-haired teenager out of the way. \"Ooh, it's Tom Jones!\" \"Mother, it's not Tom Jones,\" Rita's mother said, laughing a little. \"That's just Roddy,\" Rita said. \"The water main sent me up to his house and he's given us some clothes and a ruby in return for letting him stay for a couple of days.\" \"He's very good-looking,\" Rita's mother commented, restraining the old woman. \"Mum…\" Rita grumbled. \"I know what you're thinking… he is not my –\" \"Come on in, m'lad,\" Rita's father said as a couple of children opened the door and pulled Roddy into the warm, unstable house. Remembering at the last minute, Roddy picked up the bags of clothes, which Rita told him to set on her father's lap. The majority of the children immediately crowded around to get a better look. \"Mum, dad,\" Rita said, \"this is Roddy St James. Roddy, this is Mum and Dad.\" \"What a beautiful name,\" Rita's mother cooed. \"Thank you,\" Roddy replied. Already he liked this family. \"Are you Rita's new boyfriend?\" the teenager, who'd recently accused Roddy of being a Peeping Tom, asked very loudly. Roddy felt his cheeks heat up and Rita looked equally embarrassed. \"No, he's not,\" she grumbled. \"Not yet,\" Rita's mother whispered to Rita's father and Roddy, winking. \"What's that supposed to mean?\" Rita asked accusingly. \"Don't worry about it, dear,\" her mother replied. Rita sighed heavily, rolling her eyes. She was about to say something when one of her sisters interrupted her: \"Mum! Mum! Can I try this dress on?\" The sister was holding up what looked like a green prom dress. \"Sorry hun,\" Rita said, holding her hands out for the dress. \"That one's mine.\" The sister handed the dress delicately over to Rita, who folded it over her arm. \"Rita, can I try it on later?\" \"Sure,\" Rita said softly. \"Such a lovely dress,\" Rita's mother said, impressed, as she felt the material. \"I'm sure it'll look lovely on you, Rita.\" \"It does,\" Roddy said, before he could stop himself. Rita arched a warning eyebrow at him and he shrugged apologetically. \"Soup's on!\" Rita's mother called. There was, Roddy had recently discovered, only one bowl, full of soup. The entire family would sit at a long table, each holding a spoon, and as the house rocked, the bowl would slide from one end of the table to the other, and everybody would try to get a spoonful of soup as the bowl went along. \"So… how long have you been Rita's boyfriend?\" asked a girl sitting opposite Roddy. \"He is not my boyfriend ,\" Rita said firmly. The girl stuck her tongue out. \"Thank you so much for those clothes,\" Rita's mother said. \"They're absolutely wonderful.\" \"You're very welcome,\" Roddy answered, taking a swipe at the soup bowl as it passed. He was the only one who missed. \"So, Rita,\" Rita's father said, \"what's going on between you and this handsome young man, then, eh?\" Rita rolled her eyes. \"I told you before, Dad. He's a new friend. That's it, alright? He's –\" \"Tom Jones!\" Rita's grandmother cheered excitedly, standing up and accidentally slamming her hands down in the soup bowl. Rita hid her face in her hands, almost in fed up resignation. Dinnertime continued much in the same hectic manner. Afterwards, Roddy offered to wash the dishes but Rita said, \"No, Roddy, pass 'em here. I want a word with mother dearest .\" She placed a lot of emphasis, and a little annoyance, on those words. \"Ooh, sing us a song, Tom!\" Rita's grandmother exclaimed. Roddy smiled. \"Of course.\"[Chapter 4] A/N: Still don't own Flushed Away , unfortunately Chapter Four: The Bog & Brush Rita took the soup bowl from Roddy and walked steadily into the kitchen, followed by her mother. \"Mum,\" she said as soon as she heard enough noise coming from the front room to hide the conversation she was about to have, \"I know what you're playing at.\" \"What's that, dear?\" was the innocent reply, as her mother took the bowl from her and placed it in the sink. \"Don't play the innocent,\" Rita grumbled. She loved her family, but they were very good at ticking her off sometimes. \"You're dropping hints to me and Roddy. You and dad are trying to play matchmaker. Again.\" Rita's mother sighed. \"Honey, looking at your previous track record for boyfriends, can you blame me?\" Most of Rita's old boyfriends were common as dirt and certainly none of them were as refined, handsome or willingly helpful as Roddy. She had dated some twits in the past, yeah, but she'd also gone out with some decent lads. She voiced this thought to her mother, who laughed. \"Rita, honey, the only decent lads you know are Sid and Roddy.\" She sighed. \"I know you don't want Dad and I playing matchmaker, but we like to think we know what's best for you – even if you don't agree. But it would make us ever so happy if you'd give him a chance, darlin'.\" Rita was trying to think of a counter-argument when she heard Roddy singing in the front room and called her mother over. \"Hey, mum, come have a look at this.\" Standing on the table, Roddy was singing Tom Jones' She's a Lady , doing his own dance to it. Rita had to admit, he was a good singer, and not a bad dancer, either. She and her mother entered the room almost cautiously and Mum took one of the chairs while Rita remained standing – a decision she immediately regretted, because Roddy spotted her and in one swift motion, he reached down, took her hand and pulled her onto the table with him, trying to get her to join in. Her siblings cheered, called out and laughed; her parents were cheering her on and her grandmother was even joining in; and all the time she was standing on the table with Roddy singing, dancing around and holding her hand. Seeing no other way out, Rita relented and joined in the dancing; and Roddy grinned at her. As he ended the song, he spun her under his arm once and dipped her slightly. For a minute Rita thought he was going to drop her. Looking into his eyes, him holding her like he was… Rita had to admit, it was nice. She smiled, and this time Roddy really did drop her. Normally she would've laughed at the look of shock on his face, but instead she scowled playfully. She felt almost drunk – which reminded her, hadn't she agreed to meet Sid at the pub? \"C'mon Roddy,\" she said, heading for the door. Roddy looked a bit disappointed but he followed her as she called over her shoulder, \"I'll be back soon!\" \"You said that the other night,\" her father replied. \"Ah, but then she met me,\" Roddy called back, smiling. Rita shot him a dirty look and boarded the Dodger . \"Where to, miss Captain-Skipper… thingie?\" he asked, joining her. \"Pub,\" Rita said shortly. \"I told Sid I'd meet him there, remember?\" \"Didn't you say maybe ?\" \"That pretty much means always, in our family.\" Sid turned up at the Bog & Brush about five minutes after they did. He'd gone to work since they'd left and was now in his work overalls. \"Rita! Rodney!\" \"Roddy; it's Roddy .\" Roddy replied irritably, as Rita high-fived Sid; and from there they grappled their hands together, pulled the other towards them and patted each other on the back. When they let go and Rita turned to Roddy, he looked almost jealous. \"Don't look so down, Rodders,\" Sid cheered. \"We'll get you a drink, yeah?\" Roddy sighed and Rita caught him glancing sideways at her. He blushed and looked down. \"Oh… alright,\" he said at last. Sid told them the first round of beers were on him and headed to the bar while Roddy and Rita stayed at their table. \"So…\" said Rita, \"my parents like you.\" \"They do?\" Roddy seemed pleased enough. \"Yeah. Mum made a point of telling me so.\" \"Is that why you wanted to speak to her?\" Roddy asked, almost gently. \"Eh?\" \"To your mother. You wanted to talk to her about the hints they were both dropping, right? The ones about – us…\" he said the last word hesitantly, almost as though talking about the two of them was a topic to be carefully sidestepped. Rita thought she saw him blush a bit. \"Yeah,\" she said. \"Mum and dad like playing matchmaker. They think it's fun.\" \"Oh. I see.\" Roddy looked a bit dejected, so Rita placed her hand on his and gave his hand a gently squeeze; he flashed a charming smile, but Sid chosen that moment to turn up with their beers. He was holding them between both his hands, which were organised into a triangular-ish shape. \"One for you –\" he put a beer down in front of Roddy; \"– one for you –\" he did the same for Rita; \"– and one for me!\" Sid plopped down in a seat and looked between the faces of his companions; then down at their hands. \"Sorry! Was I interrupting something?\" \"No!\" Roddy and Rita exclaimed simultaneously, both pulling their hands back. Rita picked up her beer and gulped half of it down in one go; then realised she'd probably be driving back so she should probably only have this one, and put the glass back down again. She spotted Roddy staring at his beer with deep suspicion. Sid had already finished his. \"Problem, Roddy?\" \"What? Oh! No, I just –\" Roddy leaned in toward Sid and Rita – \"I've never had a beer before.\" \"You what?\" Sid exclaimed. \"Rodney my friend, you are missing out big time! Come on me ol' cream cracker, you gotta drink with us!\" Roddy glanced over to Rita. \"Is he drunk already?\" \"No,\" she answered simply. \"He's just being Sid. Just ignore him and try your first drink.\" Roddy gave her a nervous look but she just raised her eyebrows defiantly at him; he complied and raised the drink to his lips. Opened his mouth to let the alcohol in. Swallowed. Immediately started coughing. Rita patted him on the back. \"No fancy drinks here, mate.\" \"It's stronger than I expected,\" Roddy coughed, as though it was an excuse. \"Puts hair on yer chest,\" Sid said cheerfully. He slapped Roddy on the back and – judging by how loud the impact sound was and how far Roddy's eyes bugged out of his head – put a few vertebrae out of place in the process. \"Indeed,\" Roddy winced. He picked up the beer and downed the rest. Sid and Rita found themselves watching his face expectantly. Rita's eyes flicked from Roddy's face in general to his chocolate-ish-coloured eyes. They were looking at hers; their gazes locked for a moment before Roddy shot out of his seat and excused himself so he could go to the bathroom; but he came back about five seconds later to ask where it was. A drunk rat told him before stumbling outside for a tactical chunder: throwing up in the gutter so he could drink more. Sid looked around to make sure no-one was listening; then leaned in towards Rita. \"I reckon 'e fancies you.\" Rita turned to look at the rat who'd just returned from his chunder and pretended to study him thoughtfully. \"Nah,\" she said, grinning. \"He's not my type.\" They laughed. They both knew Sid had actually been talking about Roddy. \"My parents were trying to hint at me and Roddy getting together earlier,\" Rita said. She took a drink from her glass. \"You know what they're like.\" \"They just worry about you,\" said Sid. \"They probably think you should be settling down, luv.\" Rita snorted. \"Or maybe they think if you got a bloke he'd be able to help look after you when you get yourself in trouble.\" \"Out of you and Roddy, Sid, I think you're better suited to that.\" \"Why's that?\" \"Look.\" Roddy was returning from the bathroom, looking significantly paler. \"Trouble holding your drink, mate?\" asked Sid. \"A little,\" Roddy replied, sitting back down. \"Truth be told, I'm not accustomed to a working-class lifestyle.\" \"There's a surprise,\" Sid teased. \"Come on, Mister Fancy! You're one of us now!\" Then Sid proceeded to pull Roddy into a cross between a headlock and a hug, and tousle his hair. \"Lucky you,\" Rita drawled sarcastically, trying not to laugh at the look of shock (and some horror) on Roddy's face. Sid didn't generally smell to great when he'd just got back from work, and Roddy had just been given a face full of armpit. Lovely. \"Yes, well,\" Roddy grimaced, \"just so long as 'us' includes a working shower.\" Rita chuckled. Sid sniffed his armpit, grimaced as well, and removed his arm from Roddy. \"What I get for turning up straight from work, I guess,\" he laughed. \"I'm going for another beer. Anybody want one.\" \"I'm driving,\" Rita replied simply, taking another sip of her own drink. \"No, thank you,\" Roddy told Sid. Rita wasn't surprised to find that her parents, but not her siblings, were still awake when she and Roddy returned to the house. Her mum was going through the clothes. She held up the green prom-style dress again. \"Roddy, how did you say Rita looked in this dress?\" \"Hello to you too,\" Rita said under her breath. \"She looked absolutely beautiful,\" Roddy told Rita's mother, wrapping an arm around Rita's shoulders. She shrugged him out and leaned against the wall. \"Stop it.\" Her parents immediately ceased the pointed looks they had been giving her. \"Are you sure you want us to keep these, Roddy?\" her dad asked. \"Of course. They would go to waste otherwise.\" \"Well, thanks very much, m'lad! Rita, Mum said you told her Roddy's given us another ruby.\" Rita shook her head. \" A ruby, dad. A ruby. Ours was just glass.\" She retrieved the real ruby from the heel of her boot. \"How beautiful,\" he mother cooed, gazing at the ruby. Her father wheeled himself closer to better inspect the jewel. Then he looked at Roddy. \"Seems like we owe you a lot, son.\" \"It's nothing. Really.\" Rita caught Roddy staring at her again. They both blushed and averted their gaze. Rita really wished that would stop happening. \"I'm off to bed,\" she grumbled, trudging outside to sleep on the Dodger . What was going on? She wasn't starting to develop a crush on Roddy, was she?","LastChapter":"A/N: Still don't own Flushed Away , unfortunately Chapter Four: The Bog & Brush Rita took the soup bowl from Roddy and walked steadily into the kitchen, followed by her mother. \"Mum,\" she said as soon as she heard enough noise coming from the front room to hide the conversation she was about to have, \"I know what you're playing at.\" \"What's that, dear?\" was the innocent reply, as her mother took the bowl from her and placed it in the sink. \"Don't play the innocent,\" Rita grumbled. She loved her family, but they were very good at ticking her off sometimes. \"You're dropping hints to me and Roddy. You and dad are trying to play matchmaker. Again.\" Rita's mother sighed. \"Honey, looking at your previous track record for boyfriends, can you blame me?\" Most of Rita's old boyfriends were common as dirt and certainly none of them were as refined, handsome or willingly helpful as Roddy. She had dated some twits in the past, yeah, but she'd also gone out with some decent lads. She voiced this thought to her mother, who laughed. \"Rita, honey, the only decent lads you know are Sid and Roddy.\" She sighed. \"I know you don't want Dad and I playing matchmaker, but we like to think we know what's best for you – even if you don't agree. But it would make us ever so happy if you'd give him a chance, darlin'.\" Rita was trying to think of a counter-argument when she heard Roddy singing in the front room and called her mother over. \"Hey, mum, come have a look at this.\" Standing on the table, Roddy was singing Tom Jones' She's a Lady , doing his own dance to it. Rita had to admit, he was a good singer, and not a bad dancer, either. She and her mother entered the room almost cautiously and Mum took one of the chairs while Rita remained standing – a decision she immediately regretted, because Roddy spotted her and in one swift motion, he reached down, took her hand and pulled her onto the table with him, trying to get her to join in. Her siblings cheered, called out and laughed; her parents were cheering her on and her grandmother was even joining in; and all the time she was standing on the table with Roddy singing, dancing around and holding her hand. Seeing no other way out, Rita relented and joined in the dancing; and Roddy grinned at her. As he ended the song, he spun her under his arm once and dipped her slightly. For a minute Rita thought he was going to drop her. Looking into his eyes, him holding her like he was… Rita had to admit, it was nice. She smiled, and this time Roddy really did drop her. Normally she would've laughed at the look of shock on his face, but instead she scowled playfully. She felt almost drunk – which reminded her, hadn't she agreed to meet Sid at the pub? \"C'mon Roddy,\" she said, heading for the door. Roddy looked a bit disappointed but he followed her as she called over her shoulder, \"I'll be back soon!\" \"You said that the other night,\" her father replied. \"Ah, but then she met me,\" Roddy called back, smiling. Rita shot him a dirty look and boarded the Dodger . \"Where to, miss Captain-Skipper… thingie?\" he asked, joining her. \"Pub,\" Rita said shortly. \"I told Sid I'd meet him there, remember?\" \"Didn't you say maybe ?\" \"That pretty much means always, in our family.\" Sid turned up at the Bog & Brush about five minutes after they did. He'd gone to work since they'd left and was now in his work overalls. \"Rita! Rodney!\" \"Roddy; it's Roddy .\" Roddy replied irritably, as Rita high-fived Sid; and from there they grappled their hands together, pulled the other towards them and patted each other on the back. When they let go and Rita turned to Roddy, he looked almost jealous. \"Don't look so down, Rodders,\" Sid cheered. \"We'll get you a drink, yeah?\" Roddy sighed and Rita caught him glancing sideways at her. He blushed and looked down. \"Oh… alright,\" he said at last. Sid told them the first round of beers were on him and headed to the bar while Roddy and Rita stayed at their table. \"So…\" said Rita, \"my parents like you.\" \"They do?\" Roddy seemed pleased enough. \"Yeah. Mum made a point of telling me so.\" \"Is that why you wanted to speak to her?\" Roddy asked, almost gently. \"Eh?\" \"To your mother. You wanted to talk to her about the hints they were both dropping, right? The ones about – us…\" he said the last word hesitantly, almost as though talking about the two of them was a topic to be carefully sidestepped. Rita thought she saw him blush a bit. \"Yeah,\" she said. \"Mum and dad like playing matchmaker. They think it's fun.\" \"Oh. I see.\" Roddy looked a bit dejected, so Rita placed her hand on his and gave his hand a gently squeeze; he flashed a charming smile, but Sid chosen that moment to turn up with their beers. He was holding them between both his hands, which were organised into a triangular-ish shape. \"One for you –\" he put a beer down in front of Roddy; \"– one for you –\" he did the same for Rita; \"– and one for me!\" Sid plopped down in a seat and looked between the faces of his companions; then down at their hands. \"Sorry! Was I interrupting something?\" \"No!\" Roddy and Rita exclaimed simultaneously, both pulling their hands back. Rita picked up her beer and gulped half of it down in one go; then realised she'd probably be driving back so she should probably only have this one, and put the glass back down again. She spotted Roddy staring at his beer with deep suspicion. Sid had already finished his. \"Problem, Roddy?\" \"What? Oh! No, I just –\" Roddy leaned in toward Sid and Rita – \"I've never had a beer before.\" \"You what?\" Sid exclaimed. \"Rodney my friend, you are missing out big time! Come on me ol' cream cracker, you gotta drink with us!\" Roddy glanced over to Rita. \"Is he drunk already?\" \"No,\" she answered simply. \"He's just being Sid. Just ignore him and try your first drink.\" Roddy gave her a nervous look but she just raised her eyebrows defiantly at him; he complied and raised the drink to his lips. Opened his mouth to let the alcohol in. Swallowed. Immediately started coughing. Rita patted him on the back. \"No fancy drinks here, mate.\" \"It's stronger than I expected,\" Roddy coughed, as though it was an excuse. \"Puts hair on yer chest,\" Sid said cheerfully. He slapped Roddy on the back and – judging by how loud the impact sound was and how far Roddy's eyes bugged out of his head – put a few vertebrae out of place in the process. \"Indeed,\" Roddy winced. He picked up the beer and downed the rest. Sid and Rita found themselves watching his face expectantly. Rita's eyes flicked from Roddy's face in general to his chocolate-ish-coloured eyes. They were looking at hers; their gazes locked for a moment before Roddy shot out of his seat and excused himself so he could go to the bathroom; but he came back about five seconds later to ask where it was. A drunk rat told him before stumbling outside for a tactical chunder: throwing up in the gutter so he could drink more. Sid looked around to make sure no-one was listening; then leaned in towards Rita. \"I reckon 'e fancies you.\" Rita turned to look at the rat who'd just returned from his chunder and pretended to study him thoughtfully. \"Nah,\" she said, grinning. \"He's not my type.\" They laughed. They both knew Sid had actually been talking about Roddy. \"My parents were trying to hint at me and Roddy getting together earlier,\" Rita said. She took a drink from her glass. \"You know what they're like.\" \"They just worry about you,\" said Sid. \"They probably think you should be settling down, luv.\" Rita snorted. \"Or maybe they think if you got a bloke he'd be able to help look after you when you get yourself in trouble.\" \"Out of you and Roddy, Sid, I think you're better suited to that.\" \"Why's that?\" \"Look.\" Roddy was returning from the bathroom, looking significantly paler. \"Trouble holding your drink, mate?\" asked Sid. \"A little,\" Roddy replied, sitting back down. \"Truth be told, I'm not accustomed to a working-class lifestyle.\" \"There's a surprise,\" Sid teased. \"Come on, Mister Fancy! You're one of us now!\" Then Sid proceeded to pull Roddy into a cross between a headlock and a hug, and tousle his hair. \"Lucky you,\" Rita drawled sarcastically, trying not to laugh at the look of shock (and some horror) on Roddy's face. Sid didn't generally smell to great when he'd just got back from work, and Roddy had just been given a face full of armpit. Lovely. \"Yes, well,\" Roddy grimaced, \"just so long as 'us' includes a working shower.\" Rita chuckled. Sid sniffed his armpit, grimaced as well, and removed his arm from Roddy. \"What I get for turning up straight from work, I guess,\" he laughed. \"I'm going for another beer. Anybody want one.\" \"I'm driving,\" Rita replied simply, taking another sip of her own drink. \"No, thank you,\" Roddy told Sid. Rita wasn't surprised to find that her parents, but not her siblings, were still awake when she and Roddy returned to the house. Her mum was going through the clothes. She held up the green prom-style dress again. \"Roddy, how did you say Rita looked in this dress?\" \"Hello to you too,\" Rita said under her breath. \"She looked absolutely beautiful,\" Roddy told Rita's mother, wrapping an arm around Rita's shoulders. She shrugged him out and leaned against the wall. \"Stop it.\" Her parents immediately ceased the pointed looks they had been giving her. \"Are you sure you want us to keep these, Roddy?\" her dad asked. \"Of course. They would go to waste otherwise.\" \"Well, thanks very much, m'lad! Rita, Mum said you told her Roddy's given us another ruby.\" Rita shook her head. \" A ruby, dad. A ruby. Ours was just glass.\" She retrieved the real ruby from the heel of her boot. \"How beautiful,\" he mother cooed, gazing at the ruby. Her father wheeled himself closer to better inspect the jewel. Then he looked at Roddy. \"Seems like we owe you a lot, son.\" \"It's nothing. Really.\" Rita caught Roddy staring at her again. They both blushed and averted their gaze. Rita really wished that would stop happening. \"I'm off to bed,\" she grumbled, trudging outside to sleep on the Dodger . What was going on? She wasn't starting to develop a crush on Roddy, was she?","Summary":" A/N: Hey guys, this is my first Flushed Away fanfic… I'm not completely sure how this story was cre","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Adventure Romance - Chapters: 4   - Words: 8,438 - Reviews: 8 - Favs: 13 - Follows: 14 - Updated: 12 21 2012 - Published: 12 15 2012 - id: 8797272 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Cooper's Realization (A Prequel)","Author":"Jody","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/174528","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ~**Disclaimer: I don't own anything from Center Stage except memorabilia.**~ Cooper's Realization \"And I hear you got yourself a Principal dancer...\" Cooper Neilson turned around quickly as he say Jody Sawyer emerging from the building, \"Are you with me?\" he asked her anticipation in his voice. \"I'm with you...\" she grinned, and his heart soared. He swung her around, and looked deep into her penetrating blue eyes... one of the many attractive features she had to offer. \"You're not gonna regret this...\" Cooper leaned forward and caressed her cheek before kissing her. But before he could, she pulled away,\"Cooper... you're an amazing dancer, and a great choreographer but...\" her voice trailed off, \"As a boyfriend... you kinda suck.\" It was then she ran off to meet with Charlie Simms, and Cooper began to slowly realize that his chance was lost. Charlie stroked Jody's face in a warm and gentle kiss, and behind them a sigh was heard. Cooper felt a sudden let down, as if his heart and soul had been completely sucked from his body. He hadn't fully realized the danger of his situation. After being hurt before, he didn't see an Ace in his deck of cards. But quite to his surprise, it was the Queen of Hearts that snuck up on him. Jody was that special woman he had been waiting for, and he knew it deep down the minute he saw her leaving with someone else. What a idiot he had been! At one time, it was he that cradled her in his arms, and he who held her heart in the palm of his hand. Cooper turned a full circle round, and walked away from the celebration. His head hung low, chest aching with stabbing pain. Thinking back to the night at his loft, he remembered taking her innocence away, and then the evening of the Stars and Stripes performance was when he betrayed her. The agonizing stabbing feeling soon gave way to wave after wave of incredible remorse. Why had he been so cruel and heartless in the first place? It was because of Kathleen, the woman he had loved more than anything... she had ran off and married Jonathon, after they had been having a long affair. How could he ever trust again? Could his heart mend enough to let love in once more? He hadn't thought so. Salty tears began to slide down his cheeks, and mixed in with the rain that had steadily began to fall. His emotions distorted every feature on his face, and Cooper tried his damnedest to keep from being seen in such a vulnerable state. What he wouldn't give to be able to pull her away, and say all that was on his mind, in his heart. But Jody had moved on, she was now with Charlie, and there was no way in hell that he'd have a chance to ever tell her how he felt. For Charlie was the type of guy that knew what a good thing was. By the time he reached ABA, it was past dark. He looked up into one of the dorm windows, the drapes were pulled shut... but he knew who lived there. \"I love you Jody...\" he whispered blowing a kiss to the window, \"I hope he makes you happy...\" Then stuffing his hands into his pockets, he walked away. Cooper Neilson was a scorned lover yes, but he was also a foolish man... a man who had thrown away the best thing that could have happened to him. And what for? To fuel his damaged pride, giving him a sense of control. But in the end, any control he had was completely lost. How could he go on now? Day to day, looking at the woman he loved knowing he couldn't have her. To dance with her, to touch her and remember she was with another... that could practically kill him. Breathing a deep sigh, Cooper stared at his Harley before getting on and going home. To the place filled with sad memories, the remembrances of that evening; the wine they drank, the music he played... his bed, where he had made love to her. It all hit him like a thousand knives being thrust into his body. He lay down that night, and cried himself into a tortured, dreamless sleep... and all the while calling out Jody's name. Would he ever find his resolution? Would he finally be at peace? All these questions were to be answered in the future...[Chapter 2] ~**Disclaimer- Center Stage is not mine... honest!**~ Author's Note: Much of the arguing between Cooper and Charlie came from a role-play a good friend of mine and I did. It is HIS Charlie that I depict in this story, therefore I take no credit for him whatsoever :) Nothing's Gonna Change My Love For You The sunlight shone in on a pair of lovers; curled up in bed, limbs intertwined together. Jody slowly opened her eyes and looked about. She was no longer in her dorm, but in the apartment that she shared with Charlie. They had moved in together that very same night that they joined with their respective companies. She brushed a strand of blonde curls from her face, and watched him for a time. Sleeping peacefully, he looked as innocent as a newborn child. Rising slowly as not to disturb him, Jody grabbed a few articles of clothing and headed into the bathroom to take her morning shower. The warm water sprayed out, sliding down every curve, cleansing every inch of her. Poking her head out from behind the curtain, she noted it was 7:30. In a few minutes, she would have to wake Charlie... whether he liked it or not. She wasn't about to let either of them be late for their first rehearsal as full-fledged company members. As soon as Jody finished drying her hair, the telephone rang. Apparently, from Charlie's half of the conversation... their good friend Dimitri Spencer had the same idea. Knocking on the door Charlie asked politely, \"Mind if I come in?\" Wrapping a towel about her waist she replied, \"No, go ahead... I'm almost done.\" Jody's tongue could have practically rolled out of her mouth at the sight of him. Sporting only a pair of gray boxer shorts, and uncombed hair... he was certainly a sight to see in the morning. \"Hey... where's my morning kiss hmm?\" Turning around, Charlie smiled, and gave her what she asked for. The kiss, like the many they shared, made her heart burst with happiness. Jody knew she had done the right thing, buy choosing him. But as she pulled her things together, a thought struck her. What is my relationship with Cooper going to be like now? After everything they had shared, could they really stay friends... if that? There was no denying that she had loved Cooper Neilson. The question was, did she still? One never really gets over their first love. I'm just being silly... Jody told herself. Turning on the radio, to ease her troubled mind, a familiar tune came on. A song that sent chills through her body, \"I wanna be with you, if only for one night... to be the one who's in your arms to hold you tight.\" Swallowing a lump in her throat, Jody closed her eyes and sat down, taking in one of the many memories she had acquired over that year. She and Charlie were sitting together in the Great Practice room before rehearsal. Many of the other students just went on warming up, and readying themselves, while others gossiped. Cooper rested his body against the doorframe, and shook his head. Being as BUSY as he was, Jonathon couldn't possibly have taken care of the class while Juliette was out sick for the day. So he had to call on someone whom he thought had nothing better to do. Cooper noticed Jody sitting on the floor with Charlie, one of the students whom he didn't get along with. And only God knew why. \"You know... these floors were made for dancing... \" He started walking towards the radio on the floor, in front of the mirror, \"Not to rest your asses on...\" Jody cleared her throat, and Charlie glared at Cooper. The hatred was more than obvious on his face. \"Well you know, if you'd actually get off YOUR ass and tell us what to do... then we wouldn't be having this discussion...\" he smiled, a VERY fake smile. Turning his attention to him, Cooper said rather calmly, \"Now, if you recall Charlie... I'm not Juliette... but that doesn't mean I don't have the authority to tell you to get up and dance... for yourselves at least. You don't always have to be lead around like children...\" Charlie's eyes narrowed more, but then he decided to keep his mouth shut for the moment. Jody took Charlie's hand, \"Don't let him get to you...\" \"Hard not too...\" Cooper's eyes met with Jody's for a moment, almost as if he wanted to say something. Watching him for a moment, Charlie looked just like a panther waiting to attack its prey. Jody looked away, then at the floor before squeezing his shoulder, \"Well... we might as well get up and dance right?\" Charlie locked his jaw, and crossed his arms over his chest, \"Nope...\" \"Charlie... the last thing I wanna do... is to see you two battle it out again... please?\" she practically begged. Sighing loudly, he stood up, \"Fine... if we have to...\" The music blared out of the radio, and the class began counting beats. Cooper waits for a suitable starting point, \"And.... 5, 6, 7, 8...\" And the group started, after a short period of watching, he joined the rest of them on the floor... very much unlike Jonathon. Charlie muttered to himself, \"Wow...actually dancing... amazing...\" He danced just like the others, performing the exact steps he was told to do over and over again. At the junction in the song where the men join their partners, Jody felt a pair of arms around her waist, hands that flirted with her curves. Her expression turned to one of surprise when she noticed... they weren't Charlie's. Turning his head, Charlie stopped dancing, and walked over to them. Jody pulled herself away from Cooper and the rest of the class stopped as well... fully aware of the brimming altercation. Cooper folded his arms over his chest and his eyes caught sight of Charlie's clenched fists, \"At this point, Jody was supposed to have someone partnering her, I didn't assume you'd have a problem with that...\" \"Yeah... I know that Cooper...\" he crossed his arms, his chest stretched up almost like a tomcat proving his size. Cooper glanced at Jody momentarily, then back at Charlie \"So what's the problem?\" Cringing his nose slightly, his eyes held a rather intimidating gaze, \"Why don't you get your own damn girlfriend and leave her alone...\" Jody hugged her arms around herself, and closed her eyes. \"Letting your temper run won't help matters any... it was a dance. Nothing to be jealous of...\" Coopers' tone still remained calm and reserved. \"Never said I was jealous... I just don't trust you... your a stuck up asshole that thinks he's God's gift to women...\" Charlie looked at Jody, and his features softened slightly, he didn't like to see her like that. Jody looked up at Cooper then at Charlie, her face full of hurt, \"Just stop this... both of you...\" Charlie walked over to Jody, and pulled her into a gentle hug. \"I'm sorry...\" he whispered into her ear. Jody ducked out of it, \"I know you're sorry Charlie... I know...\" she turned around, and walked towards the door, \"I need to take a moment to clear my head...\" She gave Cooper an unreadable glance from where Charlie stood. \"Jody... hey... you in there?\" She suddenly snapped out of her daydream, and looked at Charlie. He kneeled in front of her, his arms resting on her legs. \"Sorry... I was just thinking... that's all.\" \"You were out there for at least a good five minutes... are you alright?\" his voice was filled with genuine concern, \"Yea... I'm fine.\" Jody stood up and threw her dance bag on her shoulder. \"I'm going to take off now... there are a couple things I need to get straightened out with Cooper before the others get there. Giving him a quick kiss on the cheek, she was out of the door in a flash. Charlie pulled his shirt over his head, and sighed deeply. He wasn't so sure about this. While being a principal in the company made Jody happy, he just couldn't stand to see his hands on her. Dancing his ballets or not. How did he know what Cooper's intentions were? He didn't trust that man any farther than he could throw him. But there was nothing he could do... just believe that Jody wouldn't succumb to his charms again. He couldn't bear to be hurt again... but any good relationship has its ups and downs, and the occasional fight. Charlie just hoped that fight wouldn't involve Cooper Neilson...","LastChapter":"~**Disclaimer- Center Stage is not mine... honest!**~ Author's Note: Much of the arguing between Cooper and Charlie came from a role-play a good friend of mine and I did. It is HIS Charlie that I depict in this story, therefore I take no credit for him whatsoever :) Nothing's Gonna Change My Love For You The sunlight shone in on a pair of lovers; curled up in bed, limbs intertwined together. Jody slowly opened her eyes and looked about. She was no longer in her dorm, but in the apartment that she shared with Charlie. They had moved in together that very same night that they joined with their respective companies. She brushed a strand of blonde curls from her face, and watched him for a time. Sleeping peacefully, he looked as innocent as a newborn child. Rising slowly as not to disturb him, Jody grabbed a few articles of clothing and headed into the bathroom to take her morning shower. The warm water sprayed out, sliding down every curve, cleansing every inch of her. Poking her head out from behind the curtain, she noted it was 7:30. In a few minutes, she would have to wake Charlie... whether he liked it or not. She wasn't about to let either of them be late for their first rehearsal as full-fledged company members. As soon as Jody finished drying her hair, the telephone rang. Apparently, from Charlie's half of the conversation... their good friend Dimitri Spencer had the same idea. Knocking on the door Charlie asked politely, \"Mind if I come in?\" Wrapping a towel about her waist she replied, \"No, go ahead... I'm almost done.\" Jody's tongue could have practically rolled out of her mouth at the sight of him. Sporting only a pair of gray boxer shorts, and uncombed hair... he was certainly a sight to see in the morning. \"Hey... where's my morning kiss hmm?\" Turning around, Charlie smiled, and gave her what she asked for. The kiss, like the many they shared, made her heart burst with happiness. Jody knew she had done the right thing, buy choosing him. But as she pulled her things together, a thought struck her. What is my relationship with Cooper going to be like now? After everything they had shared, could they really stay friends... if that? There was no denying that she had loved Cooper Neilson. The question was, did she still? One never really gets over their first love. I'm just being silly... Jody told herself. Turning on the radio, to ease her troubled mind, a familiar tune came on. A song that sent chills through her body, \"I wanna be with you, if only for one night... to be the one who's in your arms to hold you tight.\" Swallowing a lump in her throat, Jody closed her eyes and sat down, taking in one of the many memories she had acquired over that year. She and Charlie were sitting together in the Great Practice room before rehearsal. Many of the other students just went on warming up, and readying themselves, while others gossiped. Cooper rested his body against the doorframe, and shook his head. Being as BUSY as he was, Jonathon couldn't possibly have taken care of the class while Juliette was out sick for the day. So he had to call on someone whom he thought had nothing better to do. Cooper noticed Jody sitting on the floor with Charlie, one of the students whom he didn't get along with. And only God knew why. \"You know... these floors were made for dancing... \" He started walking towards the radio on the floor, in front of the mirror, \"Not to rest your asses on...\" Jody cleared her throat, and Charlie glared at Cooper. The hatred was more than obvious on his face. \"Well you know, if you'd actually get off YOUR ass and tell us what to do... then we wouldn't be having this discussion...\" he smiled, a VERY fake smile. Turning his attention to him, Cooper said rather calmly, \"Now, if you recall Charlie... I'm not Juliette... but that doesn't mean I don't have the authority to tell you to get up and dance... for yourselves at least. You don't always have to be lead around like children...\" Charlie's eyes narrowed more, but then he decided to keep his mouth shut for the moment. Jody took Charlie's hand, \"Don't let him get to you...\" \"Hard not too...\" Cooper's eyes met with Jody's for a moment, almost as if he wanted to say something. Watching him for a moment, Charlie looked just like a panther waiting to attack its prey. Jody looked away, then at the floor before squeezing his shoulder, \"Well... we might as well get up and dance right?\" Charlie locked his jaw, and crossed his arms over his chest, \"Nope...\" \"Charlie... the last thing I wanna do... is to see you two battle it out again... please?\" she practically begged. Sighing loudly, he stood up, \"Fine... if we have to...\" The music blared out of the radio, and the class began counting beats. Cooper waits for a suitable starting point, \"And.... 5, 6, 7, 8...\" And the group started, after a short period of watching, he joined the rest of them on the floor... very much unlike Jonathon. Charlie muttered to himself, \"Wow...actually dancing... amazing...\" He danced just like the others, performing the exact steps he was told to do over and over again. At the junction in the song where the men join their partners, Jody felt a pair of arms around her waist, hands that flirted with her curves. Her expression turned to one of surprise when she noticed... they weren't Charlie's. Turning his head, Charlie stopped dancing, and walked over to them. Jody pulled herself away from Cooper and the rest of the class stopped as well... fully aware of the brimming altercation. Cooper folded his arms over his chest and his eyes caught sight of Charlie's clenched fists, \"At this point, Jody was supposed to have someone partnering her, I didn't assume you'd have a problem with that...\" \"Yeah... I know that Cooper...\" he crossed his arms, his chest stretched up almost like a tomcat proving his size. Cooper glanced at Jody momentarily, then back at Charlie \"So what's the problem?\" Cringing his nose slightly, his eyes held a rather intimidating gaze, \"Why don't you get your own damn girlfriend and leave her alone...\" Jody hugged her arms around herself, and closed her eyes. \"Letting your temper run won't help matters any... it was a dance. Nothing to be jealous of...\" Coopers' tone still remained calm and reserved. \"Never said I was jealous... I just don't trust you... your a stuck up asshole that thinks he's God's gift to women...\" Charlie looked at Jody, and his features softened slightly, he didn't like to see her like that. Jody looked up at Cooper then at Charlie, her face full of hurt, \"Just stop this... both of you...\" Charlie walked over to Jody, and pulled her into a gentle hug. \"I'm sorry...\" he whispered into her ear. Jody ducked out of it, \"I know you're sorry Charlie... I know...\" she turned around, and walked towards the door, \"I need to take a moment to clear my head...\" She gave Cooper an unreadable glance from where Charlie stood. \"Jody... hey... you in there?\" She suddenly snapped out of her daydream, and looked at Charlie. He kneeled in front of her, his arms resting on her legs. \"Sorry... I was just thinking... that's all.\" \"You were out there for at least a good five minutes... are you alright?\" his voice was filled with genuine concern, \"Yea... I'm fine.\" Jody stood up and threw her dance bag on her shoulder. \"I'm going to take off now... there are a couple things I need to get straightened out with Cooper before the others get there. Giving him a quick kiss on the cheek, she was out of the door in a flash. Charlie pulled his shirt over his head, and sighed deeply. He wasn't so sure about this. While being a principal in the company made Jody happy, he just couldn't stand to see his hands on her. Dancing his ballets or not. How did he know what Cooper's intentions were? He didn't trust that man any farther than he could throw him. But there was nothing he could do... just believe that Jody wouldn't succumb to his charms again. He couldn't bear to be hurt again... but any good relationship has its ups and downs, and the occasional fight. Charlie just hoped that fight wouldn't involve Cooper Neilson...","Summary":" ~**Disclaimer: I don't own anything from Center Stage except memorabilia.**~ Cooper's Realization ","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Romance - Chapters: 2   - Words: 2,259 - Reviews: 32 - Favs: 6 - Follows: 9 - Updated: 2 3 2001 - Published: 1 13 2001 - id: 174528 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Family Mask","Author":"TylerFG","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6621897","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's a hot summer day in Verge City. A family is driving down a highway in a SUV, a moving truck following them. These are the Zabinskis. The father of the family, Jeff Cooper, a scrawny man with brown hair, is driving the car. His wife Brenda is sitting in the passengers seat, with her blond hair tied into a ponytail, and wearing sunglasses.. The kids, 13 year old Aaron and 16 year old Gina are sitting in the back seat. \"So, dad, when are we gonna be at the new house?\" asks Aaron. \"The GPS says in about 10 minutes.\" says Jeff. \"I don't even get why we had to move away from our old home. It was better there.\" says Gina, butting into the conversation. \"Your mom got a job offer here in Sub City, so we had to.\" Says Jeff \"Besides, it's better than where we used to live.\" says Brenda. \"All there was there was crime and violence. And our house was a hellhole too boot.\" \"But there's nothing to do here. And I had all my friends down in Edge City.\" whines Gina. \"All your friends were dorks.\" says Aaron. \"Shut up. At least my friends weren't a bunch of losers.\" says Gina. \"Hey, you two. Stop it.\" says Brenda. \"You guys will probably make friends here in Verge City. It's really nice down here, from what I've heard.\" \"Your mother's right, kids. And there's a lot more here than in Edge City.\" says Jeff. 10 minutes later, the Zabinskis park their car in the driveway of their new home, a 2 story house. The moving truck stops behind them. \"Here we are!\" says Jeff with excitement in his voice. \"I still think Edge City is better.\" says Gina, with a tone of boredom. \"Come on, it's perfect here.\" Jeff tells Gina. \"It's nice and quiet here. Nothing to bother us.\" \"I think it's really nice here.\" says Brenda. \"The house looks really pretty, too.\" \"Yeah, pretty stupid.\" says Aaron \"Hey, I heard that!\" says Jeff with a sharp tone in his voice. \"Lets just make the best of it here.\" \"I agree\" says Brenda. \"Now let's unpack.\" Later that day, after they were done unpacking, the Zabinskis hear the doorbell ring. Brenda answers it. A man with blonde hair in his mid to late 40's and a brown haired woman are standing at the door. \"Hi\". says the woman. \"We're the Pattersons. I'm Erica and this is John.\" \"Nice to meet you.\" says Brenda, shaking Erica's and John's hands. \"We're the Zabinskis.\" Jeff walks to the into the living room. \"Jeff, come meet the neighbors.\" says Brenda, motioning for Jeff to come to the door. \"And get the kids too.\" \"Gina, Aaron, come meet our neighbors.\" yells Jeff. Aaron and Gina walk downstairs. Jeff is shaking the neighbors hands. \"Nice to meet you all. I'm Jeff and these are our children. Gina is 16 and Aaron is 13. \"Oh, we have a 16 year old. His name is Eric.\" says John. \"I'm sure Gina would love to meet him\" says Brenda. \"Sure, as long if he's cute\" says Gina, with a sense of humor in her voice. \"Oh, by the way, we made a pie for you.\" tells Erica. \"You can come over for a little while if you want. \"Oh, that'd be lovely\" says Brenda. \"Kids, me and your father will be gone for an hour.\" \"Alright, see you when you get back.\" says Gina Brenda and Jeff go across the street to the neighbor's house. Gina confronts Aaron as soon as they walk out the door. \"Ok, I'm in charge.\" says Gina, with a stern tone in her voice. \"Do anything stupid and your dead.\" \"Fine.\" says Aaron. \"You have my word.\" Later, Gina is outside on a lawnchair in a bikini, sunbathing. Aaron is in the backyard, looking around. \"There must be something to do around here.\" he says to himself. He keeps walking around until he trips over a hill of dirt. \"Crap! What was that?\" he asks himself. He finds a shovel the previous owners left behind and digs the dirt hill. There is a box with a lock on it hidden in the dirt. The box looks ancient, no older than a few centuries old. Aaron picks the box up and blows the dirt off of it. The key to the box was under the box in the dirt hill. Aaron notices the key is still in the dirt. He picks it up and unlocks the box. In the box is a green wooden mask , also known as The Mask of Loki. Aaron is surprised with what he found. \"Woah. Gina, come check this out!\" He calls over to his sister. \"What is it? I'm in the middle of sunbathing.\" She says, annoyed with Aaron for interrupting her while she was relaxing. \"I found this old mask buried in the dirt.\" He tells her. \"Woah, freaky.\" She replies. \"Who do you think left it here?\" She asks. \"I don't know, but I think we should show Mom and Dad this.\" He tells her. Later that night, the Zabinskis are eating dinner. Aaron decides to bring up what he found in the backyard. \"Mom, Dad. There's something me and Gina gotta tell you.\" Aaron says at the dinner table. \"What is it?\" Jeff asks the kids. \"We found something in the backyard. It's a mask.\" Gina tells her parents. \"A mask? How'd it get there?\" asks Brenda. \"That's what we were wondering. But you gotta see it.\" tells Gina \"You guys would love it.\" Aaron goes to get the mask from the closet. He takes it out from the top shelf. He hands it to Brenda. \"It looks really nice.\" says Brenda. \"It would make a nice decoration for the house.\" Brenda goes to put the mask on the shelf on the bookcase in the living room. \"There. It really fits in.\" Brenda says. \"I like it.\" Jeff replies. The Zabinskis go back to eating their dinner, also admiring the mask Gina and Aaron found.[Chapter 2] It was a few after dinner. Jeff went out to go food shopping. Brenda was sitting in the living room, watching a movie on Lifetime and drinking tea, while Gina and Aaron were upstairs. She was starting to get bored with her movie and turned off the TV and set her tea on the coffee table. She was still excited about the mask Gina and Aaron found. She walked up to the bookshelf where it was and picked it up. \"It wouldn't help to try you on.\" She said to the mask. Brenda pulled the mask up to her face, but just when it was a few inches close to her face, it began to suck onto her face. Brenda pulled the mask away before it got the chance to get attached to her head. \"What the hell?\" She said in shock\" The mask began to glow in her hands. Brenda was scared, but curious as to what would happen if she put it on. She pulled it slowly to her face. The mask suddenly jumped to her face and wrapped around her head slowly, scooping her long blond hair in the process. \"Help meeeeeeeeee!\" She screamed, but the mask muffled her screams, so no one could hear her. Suddenly, the mask stopped wrapping around her head, but Brenda started spinning around the room. She kept spinning and spinning, faster and faster, she was basically a human tornado. Papers were flying across the room, she knocked her tea and a few People magazines off the coffee table. Suddenly, she stopped spinning. But she was a lot different than she was earlier. She was wearing a long red dress, she was carrying a matching red purse and the most noticeable, her face was green. She was wearing purple lipstick and silver eyeshadow. Her hair was as long and curly as ever. \"Sssssssssmokin!\" she said in a sassy voice, different than her normal voice. She zoomed to the mirror, she noticed her new look. She was surprised how beautiful she was. \"Boy, do I look good in red and green or what?\" she said to herself, still shocked about who she was now. \"There's no way this is a dream.\" She said. \"But just to make sure….\" Suddenly, she stretched her arm all the way to the kitchen, somewhat like Stretch Armstrong, and balled her hand into a fist. Her arm snapped back and she hit herself in the face so hard, her head was turned backwards. She snapped it back to normal. Then she pulled a large mallet out of her purse and hit herself so hard, she was flattened into the shape of an accordion. She put her thumb in her mouth and inflated herself back to normal shape. \"MOM!\" Gina yells to Brenda. \"Aaron won't stop annoying me!\" \"Ah, my cue\" Brenda says just before she zooms up to Gina's room. \"Just admit it, you like Trevor.\" Aaron says to Gina. \"No, you little rat. I only saw him once.\" She replies back. Suddenly, Brenda is standing at the door, with her arms crossed at her chest. \"MOM?\" The kids both say in shock. \"Who else?\" She replies back. \"Now what's this I hear about Aaron giving you a hard time?\" \"It's nothing, Mom.\" He replies, with a shocked look on his face. \"Uh, mom, what happened to you?\" Gina asks Brenda, also in shock. \"Oh, just a little makeover.\" She tells the kids. \"Now, Aaron were you or were you not annoying your sister. \"Uh, yes.\" He says, scared of what his mom will do to him, with the new powers she discovered. \"Well, looks like you need a time out.\" She says, grabbing him by the head. She spins him around, in a 5 second human tornado. Now he's dressed like a prisoner in the 50's. Brenda reaches into her purse. \"I just know I had it somewhere in here.\" She says, pulling stuff out of her purse. Some of these include: a baseball bat, an anvil, a bazooka, a giant mouse trap and a stick of dynamite. She finally finds what she's looking for. \"Ah, here we go.\" Brenda says, as she pulls a giant cage out of her purse. She sticks Aaron in it and locks the cage. She puts the key in her purse. \"I'll let you out tomorrow. Love you.\" She says, as she zooms away. Gina and Aaron are surprised at the fact that their mother did all that. Jeff walks in the house with the groceries in his hand and places them in the kitchen. Brenda zooms down to the living room just as Jeff walks in. Her eyes pop out of her head and her tongue pops out of her mouth with her eyes. Her head turns into a cartoon wolf's and she howls into the night, kind of like what Stanley Ipkiss did at the Coco Bongo. Jeff is also shocked at his wife's new look. \"Brenda?\" He says in shock. \"Why, hello there, handsome.\" She replies with a sexy tone to her voice. \"What happened to you?\" He asks Brenda. \"Oh, this new getup? Let's just say I had help from a friend.\" She tells Jeff. \"Now how about you and me make this an unforgettable night?\" Her lips begin to inflate like a balloon as her arms stretch to grab Jeff. She pulls him toward him and she plants a wet sloppy kiss on him. His whole entire face is covered in purple lipstick. \"I'm starting to like your new makeover.\" He says. \"I'll be upstairs if you want some love.\" Brenda zooms up after him, excited about what's to come. For all she knows, this could change everyone's lives forever.[Chapter 3] Brenda was asleep in bed with Jeff. Her face was back to normal, she was in her pajamas, and the mask was on the table next to the bed. The alarm clock went off. It was 7:45 AM in Verge City. The alarm clock woke Brenda up. She got out of bed and felt her face, wondering if the mask was still on. She went up to the mirror. She was back to normal. \"It must've been a dream.\" she said to herself. She got ready for her first day of work. She got her business suit on and walked out of her and Jeff's bedroom. She walked past Gina's room, where Gina was sleeping, and Aaron was still in the cage Brenda set up from her purse, sleeping. Brenda noticed this and walked into Gina's room. \"Oh my god.\" she said to herself, whispering so she wouldn't wake the kids up. \"It really wasn't a dream after all.\" Brenda ran back to her and Jeff's room as quickly as possible. She saw the mask on the table and picked it up. \"What'd you do to me?\" she asked the mask. The key to Aaron's cage was on the table also, on the spot where the mask was. Jeff began to wake up. \"Brenda?\" he said in a tired voice. \"Good morning.\" she replied back. \"What was up with you last night\" Jeff asked Brenda. \"How did you do all that stuff?\" \"It's a long story. I'll tell you when I get home from work.\" She replied. \"Alright. Have a good day at work.\" He tells her. Brenda picks up the key and goes back to Gina's room. She unlocks Aaron's cage while he's still sleeping. She leaves for work. Later that day, Gina is sitting outside listening to a Maximo Park CD and sunbathing. Sudden a football hits her CD player, pausing the CD. A boy around the age of 16 with a buff body and short hair runs over. This is Trevor, the son of the Pattersons. \"Hey, sorry about that.\" Trevor apologizes to Gina. \"Did I break your CD Player?\" \"No. It's fine.\" Gina says, looking at him with a smile.\" \"I'm Gina Zabinski. Nice to meet you.\" \"Oh, you're the new girl.\" He replies. \"Your parents were over my house yesterday. I'm Trevor Patterson.\" Trevor notices the Maximo Park CD next to Gina's CD Player. \"You like Maximo Park?\" Trevor asks. \"Yeah. They're one of my favorite bands ever.\" she says. \"Same. I love this album.\" he replies. \"We should hang out sometime. Me and some friends are going Bowling tomorrow night. You can come if you want.\" \"I'd love to.\" Gina says, now excited she's gonna hang out with the boy she likes. \"Ok, it's a date then.\" Trevor says. \"Ok. I'm gonna go inside.\" Gina says. \"I'll see you tomorrow.\" \"Ok. Nice meeting you.\" Trevor replies. Trevor walks away and Gina goes inside the house. Aaron is sitting on the couch in the living room. \"Enjoy talking to your lover?\" Aaron says, being sly about listening into Gina and Trevor's conversation. \"How'd you know?\" she asks. \"I was looking through the window.\" he replies \"When are you guys gonna kiss?\" \"Shut up!\" She says, now pissed at Aaron. \"I'm gonna get back at you for eavesdropping. I don't know how, but I will.\" \"Oh, I'm so scared!\" He says in a sarcastic tone. \"Just be aware.\" she says, trying to scare him. \"Sleep with one eye open tonight.\" Aaron walks up to his room. Gina goes to the kitchen. Jeff is sitting at the table, drinking coffee. \"Gina, I have good news.\" Jeff tells Gina. \"What is it?\" she asks. \"I got you a job\" he tells Gina. \"A job?\" she says, happy and surprised. \"Thanks!\" \"Just wait until you see what's in your room.\" Jeff says, excited for Gina. \"I can't wait!\" Gina says, excited to see what's waiting for her upstairs. Gina runs upstairs to her room in excitement. She opens her door, but isn't excited at what she sees on her bed. Sitting on her bed is a Clown outfit, a clown nose and white and red face paint. The excitement suddenly washes away from her face. Jeff walks into her room. \"So do you like it?\" He asks Gina. \"Uh, yeah. I love it.\" She says with fake excitement and copping a fake smile. \"You start tomorrow at 5. I'll give you the address later.\" He tells her. Jeff puts the clown nose on Gina's face and squeezes it. He pretends to make a honking noise. Gina fakes a laugh. Jeff walks out of the room. Gina stops her fake excitement. \"Kill me now.\" She says to herself, throwing the clown nose on her bed. Meanwhile, up in Valhalla, Loki has found out the mask has been found again. He is furious. \"Damn it!\" He screams in anger. \"Why did I even think of burying it in Earth!\" Odin is just as furious as Loki. \"Looooooooooooooooookiiiiiiiii!\" Odin screams in fury. \"Great, here comes the headache.\" Loki says under his breath. \"What is wrong with you? Odin screams at the top of his lungs. \"Why is the mask back on Earth? \"I wanted to give it a second chance.\" He tells Odin. \"Apparently I made a mistake.\" \"Damn right you did!\" Odin says with fury in his voice. \"I want that mask destroyed this instant! Who knows what it could do this time?\" \"I promise you I'll have it back and destroyed by next week.\" Loki assures Odin. \"Good. And if you don't, I'll banish you to Hell for all eternity!\" Odin screams at his son. \"Fine. You got it.\" Loki says. Odin walks away in anger. \"Jackass.\" Loki says under his breath. \"WHAT WAS THAT?\" Odin screams the loudest anyone could ever scream. \"Nothing\" Loki says in fear. \"I thought so.\" Odin says, with a tone of anger. Odin walks away. Loki, scared out of his mind, spins into a tornado down to Earth.[Chapter 4] Gina was at her job, entertaining little kids at Edge City Daycare, hence the reason she was wearing a Clown costume. \"Now, I know my ABCs. Next time won't you sing with me.\" She sung with a faked happy expression, really hating her new job. All the kids sat there with blank expressions on their faces. \"God, what has my life come to.\" Gina mumbles to herself. Later, Gina is walking home. She is already on her street. \"I hate my life, I hate my life, I hate my life.\" She keeps repeating herself. Suddenly, she notices someone sitting on their porch. It's Trevor. He's sitting with his friends Kennedy and Jim. He looks up and notices her. \"Gina? Is that you?\" he calls out to her. She hides behind a bush, hoping he wouldn't find her dressed up in these goofy clothes and face paint. He walks up to the bush Gina is hiding behind. \"Gina?\" he says. \"Is that you?\" Gina gets up from behind the bush, risking her dignity in the process. \"Oh, hey.\" She says \"What's up?\" \"Why are you dressed up like a clown?\" he asks her. \"My dad got me this crappy job at the daycare down block.\" She tells him. \"You don't think I'm weird, do you?\" \"No. You look cute with a clown nose anyway\" he says jokingly. \"Oh, great. Just what every girl wants to hear.\" She says sarcastically. \"I was joking\" He replies. \"So, are you still coming Bowling tonight?\" \"Yeah.\" She tells him. \"I can't wait.\" \"Alright, I see you tonight.\" He tells her, walking away. Gina does a little wave, with a happy look on her face. She forgets she's wearing her clown outfit. She walks into her house, happy about what's to come. Kennedy begins to say something. \"Who was that clown chick?\" he asks. \"That's the new girl.\" He replies. \"She's pretty cute.\" \"You got weird taste then.\" Jim butts into the conversation. \"Shut up.\" Trevor says in a joking tone. Later, Brenda and Jeff are sitting on the couch. Brenda trys talking to him about the mask. \"Hey, Jeff, remember what happened the other night when I was all green and I did all that stuff?\" She asks him. \"Yeah. How'd you do all that.\" He asks back. \"You're gonna find this hard to believe, but it was that mask the kids found.\" She tells him. \"Yeah right.\" He says, not believing her. \"You gotta be joking.\" \"I'm not.\" She tries to coax him. \"I'll show you.\" Brenda takes the mask and puts it on her face slowly. Nothing happens. \"What the hell? She says, still holding the mask. \"It worked the other day.\" Remember, the mask only works at night. Brenda put it on in the late afternoon. \"You must've been dreaming.\" Jeff tells her. \"Look, why don't you and me go out to dinner tonight. Just to get your mind off this mask thing.\" \"I don't know, Jeff.\" She tells him. \"Gina's going out with friends and she's not gonna be watching Aaron.\" \"He's old enough.\" He tries to coax her. \"Well, you're right.\" She agrees. \"Ok, we'll go out.\" Meanwhile, Gina is upstairs getting ready for going Bowling. Aaron walks in her room. \"What are you doing in here?\" She asks him, slightly annoyed. \"Oh, nothing. So, did you make out with Trevor?\" He asks in a sly voice. \"That's it.\" She says, really getting ticked off. \"I'm gonna get you back good. I'll find you a tombstone later. Just get out.\" Aaron walks out of her room with a smile on his face. \"Good luck.\" He says. Later, Gina is about to walk out the door, but she notices the mask on the bookshelf. \"Oh, I forgot you were here.\" She says to the mask. She takes the mask of the shelf. She turns it around to it's backside. The mask does it's infamous glow again. \"What the heck?\" she says to herself. \"That's not right at all\" She pulls the mask closer to her face, just to get a look at it. It jumps on Gina's face and wraps around her head, only a lot faster than it did with Brenda. Gina suddenly spins into a tornado. After a few seconds, the tornado stops. Gina's face is green and she's wearing an outfit that's a cross between a girl's private school uniform and Stanley Ipkiss's famous Banana yellow zuit soot, with a matching fedora, her long beautiful black hair hanging down from it. \"Well, that was a rush.\" She says in a voice similar to Brenda's voice when she had the mask. Gina suddenly pulls a ridiculously large and cartoony alarm clock from out of nowhere. The time is 7:30. \"Woah, look at the time.\" She says to herself. \"I gotta get on my way!\" But a thought pops into her head before she zooms out the door. \"But FIRST!\" she says. She zooms up the stairs, with a plan of revenge. Aaron is upstairs, watching an episode of Tom and Jerry, laughing his head off as Jerry gets his payback on Tom. But suddenly, the screen goes to static. \"What the?\" He says in confusion. Suddenly, the screen cuts to a grainy video of a well, just like in The Ring. Suddenly, a girl with long hair, covering her face crawls out of it. She walks slowly to the TV, closer and closer. She begins to crawl out of the TV. Aaron is scared out of his mind. She is all the way out of the TV. She brings her head up slowly. The girl is revealed to be Gina. She has a smile on her face. \"Gotcha! HAW HAW HAW!\" She says. She does a quick tornado spin and is back to the clothes she was wearing before. Aaron just stands there with a shocked expression and faints. \"Haha, sucker.\" She says to herself. Gina jumps out of Aaron's window and lands on the sidewalk, now flattened like a pancake. She picks herself up and puts her thumb in her mouth and inflates herself. \"Now for the night of my life.\" She says to herself. She turns herself into a human tornado again to get to the Bowling Alley fast, ready for what's to come.[Chapter 5] Trevor and a bunch of his friends are at the Bowling alley. Trevor's friend Kennedy walks up to Trevor, right after he hits a perfect spare. \"So, when is that clown chick gonna be here?\" He asks Trevor. \"Her name is Gina and she'll be here anytime soon.\" He replies. Suddenly, the door to the Bowling alley busts open. Gina is standing there, in a pose just like Stanley Ipkiss when he first arrived at the Coco Bongo wearing the mask. \"How do?\" she says in a tone like Stanley Ipkiss. Trevor and Kennedy and Jim are standing there, bewildered at Gina's new look. \"Gina?\" Trevor says, in shock and surprise. Gina zooms over to Trevor, Jim and Kennedys's lane, ready to start the normal lovestruck Mask antics. \"Well hey there, hot stuff.\" She says to him, in a tone like Stanley Ipkiss's but with a sexy twist to it. \"You're looking ssssmokin' this evening!\" \"What happened to you?\" Trevor asks Gina. Everybody is staring at the pair, Gina looks like she's ready to kiss Trevor. \"Oh, I decided to look special for tonight.\" She tells him. \"Just for you.\" \"Oh, uh, that's nice.\" Trevor says, somewhat weirded out by Gina, due to her green face and strange attitude. \"Now let me show you how a true lady bowls.\" Gina says, grabbing a ball. Gina throws the ball, but she forgot to let go. Her arm is stretching, still attached to the ball. The ball barely makes it to the pins but it snaps back to where Gina is standing. Gina holds up a sign saying \"Uh oh\". The ball hits her in the face. She goes flying back to the tables at the snack bar. She is sitting on the floor, small tweeting birds flying above her head. The bowling ball is stuck to her face. She pulls it off, making a popping noise. There is a dent right where her face is. She pulls her nose, making her face go back to normal and spits some teeth out. Jim leans over to Trevor and whispers something in his ear. \"You still got a weird taste in women, man\". he says to Trevor. \"That was just a warmup.\" She says. \"This is the real deal.\" She jumps back up, holding the ball in her hands. She goes back to her and Trevor's lane. She puts her fingers in the ball. She twists her hand, the one holding the ball. \"I call this the Tee-nado ball!\" She says in a rough southern accent, just about done winding up her arm. She throws the ball. Like she said, the ball is spinning in a mini tornado. It keeps spinning around in circles, until it reaches the pins. She gets a perfect strike. Trevor and his friends are stunned. \"And Gina Zabinski does a perfect strike with her Tornado ball!\" Gina says, dressed up like a sports reporter with her hair pulled back in a ponytail, standing over by the tables once again. \"That is what I like to call a dedicated bowler!\" Gina zooms back to her and Trevor's lane, back to her zoot suit/private school mixed outfit. \"Gina! That was incredible!\" Trevor says \"How'd you even do that?\" \"Trust me, anything's possible when you're with me!\" She exclaims, now in a sexy, inviting tone. Gina starts to show off her bowling skills. Such as: Putting the ball in her mouth and spitting it out, hitting all the pins, squeezing herself into the shape of a ball and hitting the pins, and even the cliché shooting the ball out of a cannon. Trevor walks up to Gina, after all those weird and crazy bowling tricks. Jim and Kennedy watching them talk. \"Gina! That was amazing!\" he says, surprised at the fact Gina did all that stuff, not knowing that it was all mostly the Mask doing it. \"Well, I wanted to show you I'm special.\" she tells him. \"You are.\" He tells her. \"In fact, I kinda like you.\" Trevor leans over to give Gina a kiss on the cheek and walks away. \"I'll talk to you tomorrow.\" He tells her Gina is excited at the fact that the guy she likes actually kissed her. Gina melts into a green and yellow puddle, with her eyes and mouth still intact. Kennedy and Jim are weirded out by Gina. \"Dude, something's not right with the green clown chick.\" Kennedy whispers to Jim. \"She's all freaky and cartoony.\" \"I know, man.\" Jim replies. \"There's only one logical reason why she's like this.\" \"She's an alien.\" Kennedy says. \"Dude, how'd you know I was gonna say that?\" Jim asks. \"I don't know.\" Kennedy tells Jim. \"Now I'm freaking myself out.\" Gina gets up, back to her normal shape and zooms out the door of the bowling alley. She busts through the door of the Zabinski residence. \"I'm hooooooooommmmeeee!\" She sings. Aaron wakes up, still scared out of his mind from the trick Gina pulled on him earlier. He takes a bat out of his closet. He's armed and ready for Gina, just in case if she pulls anything crazy on him again. Gina is slowly creeping up the stairs, thinking Aaron is still asleep. But she notices Aaron walking out of his room. He notices Gina too. \"Miss me?\" she asks him. Aaron is standing there, scared to even think about what his sister will do if he tries to hit her in the head with a bat. Gina stretches her neck and head all the way to where Aaron is standing. \"Boo.\" she whispers in his ear. Aaron faints again. \"Don't you just love emotionally scarring your brothers?\" she says, breaking the forth wall to the readers of this fanfic, letting off a silly cackle after.[Chapter 6] Trevor was sitting on a bench on the Verge City waterfront, wearing a tuxedo. He was writing something on his journal. \"Gina Zabinski is the love of my life. She is the wind beneath my wings. She is the piece to my puzzle.\" He writes in his journal, also speaking it out loud. Suddenly Gina walks over to him. She is wearing a beautiful white gown. \"Oh, Trevor. That is the sweetest thing I've ever heard.\" She says, making this seem more and more like a cheesy Spanish soap opera. Trevor leans closer to Gina as they begin to make out. It turns out it was all just Gina's dream. But it feels like it's real, because she's making out with the mask. She wakes up and realizes what she's doing. She sees the mask close to her face and screams. \"Oh my god.\" She says to herself. \"What happened?\" She doesn't believe what the mask did to her last night. It turned her into a boy crazy cartoon like freak, not the shy girl that she's always been. She also got payback on Aaron, something she always wanted to do for a while. She convinces herself that it all was just a dream. She goes downstairs, taking the mask with her. Aaron is sitting on the kitchen table while Brenda is making breakfast. Aaron is still paranoid from Gina's antics from the last night. Gina, putting the mask back on the bookcase, overhears their conversation. \"Mom, I swear. Gina was really doing all this stuff. She even came out of the TV.\" He tries to tell his mom. \"Honey, you were just having a bad dream.\" Brenda tells him, thinking that is the case. Aaron notices Gina standing in the doorway. He screams and runs away. Gina doesn't even know let alone remember why he's scared of her. \"What's up with Aaron?\" Gina asks Brenda. \"He had a nightmare about you.\" Brenda tells her, pouring a cup of coffee. \"Said you came out of the TV, like the girl from that scary movie.\" Things suddenly clicked in Gina's head. Everything that happened last night was actually real. Gina getting payback on Aaron, the tricks she pulled at the Bowling Alley, and even that kiss on the cheek by Trevor. Gina decides to play along and act like nothing even happened. \"He's crazy. I wouldn't hurt him.\" Gina tells her mother. \"I know. I gotta talk to him about watching scary movies home alone. Don't you know what they do to kids these days?\" Brenda tells Gina. \"Maybe you're right. You remember what happened when I watched The Exorcist. Trust me, that wasn't pretty.\" Gina says. \"Alright, I gotta go to work.\" Brenda says, giving Gina a kiss before she leaves. \" Don't go near Aaron today, alright?\" \"Ok, mom.\" Gina replies. \"Love you. Bye.\" Gina runs upstairs, up to her room. She starts to think about the last night. But she realizes something else isn't right. She just can't remember what. Meanwhile, Loki is looking for his mask. His longcoat isn't the perfect clothing for summer weather, but he doesn't care. All he wants is his mask. He wants to find the mask and end it's antics once and for all. He's in a field at the Verge City playground, where he thinks he buried the mask. But he actually buried the mask at the Zabinski residence, way before their neighborhood was built. \"I could've sworn it was here.\" He tells himself. \"At least, I thought it was.\" Suddenly, something hits him in the head. He screams in pain. Suddenly he looks behind himself. He notices a soccer ball. He picks it up. 2 little boys, no older than 8 run up to him. Turns out they kicked a ball at his head by mistake. \"Hey mister.\" Says one of the boys \"Can we have our ball back?\" \"You know what, forget the ball.\" He tells the kids. \"Do you wanna see a magic trick?\" The kids are excited, thinking he's some sort of Magician. Loki suddenly and dramatically turns into his evil form, like at the museum in Edge City. The kids run away in fear. All the other kids in the playground run away too. Loki is already finished his transformation, but everyone is gone from the playground. \"Hey, you forgot your ball!\" he says in a deep creepy voice as the kids run away. Meanwhile, Gina was sitting at the window, watching Trevor just work out. She wanted to tell him about the mask, but she didn't know what would happen. Would he pass it off as some sort of joke? She decided to act like nothing ever happened that night and just go with the flow. Gina walks outside and goes to Trevor's yard. He's lifting one weight at a time, a Foo Fighters song blasting on his CD player. Gina pauses the CD mid song. Trevor finally notices Gina. \"Hey. What's up?\" he asks. \"Nothing.\" Gina replies \"So how was last night?\" \"It was good.\" He tells her. \"But I got a question.\" \"What is it?\" Gina asks, getting a little nervous. She didn't want to make a fool of herself telling him some old mask turned her into that freak the night before. \"Why were you acting the way you were at the bowling alley last night? And why was your face all green?\" he asks. Gina doesn't know what to say to Trevor. \"I don't really know if I should tell you.\" She tells him, but she gets an idea. \"Why don't I show you?\" \"I can't today. I'm going somewhere with the boys.\" He replies. \"But tomorrow would be better.\" \"Alright. I gotta go get ready for my job at the daycare anyway.\" She says. \"I'll see you later.\" \"Ok. Sounds good.\" Gina walks away, but she suddenly remembers one last detail about that night: The kiss. \"Wait, I have something to ask you.\" She says. \"What now?\" \"When you kissed me, did that mean we were…\" Gina says, but stops mid sentence, almost getting embarrassed. \"Boyfriend and girlfriend?\" Trevor says. \"I like you, but I need to know you better before we get into that stuff.\" \"Alright.\" Gina says. \"I'll see you later.\" Gina walks away, with mixed feelings. She found out Trevor actually likes her, but she felt like a weirdo for bringing it up. But at least she got what she wanted. And she couldn't wait to show him the mask. Later that night, Aaron was in his room, watching The Toxic Avenger Part III, the intro scene where the title character erases a henchman's face on a tape eraser in a video store. He got over what Gina did, but he still kinda didn't feel right about what happened. His mom passed it off as a nightmare, but it was real as anything. He couldn't stop thinking about it. Aaron paused the movie and went downstairs to get a snack. His mom and dad were asleep, so he creeped down the stairs to be quiet. But walking past the bookshelf, he sees something that startles him. It's just that old mask. \"Holy crap.\" He said to himself. \"That thing is creepy.\" Aaron puts the mask back on the couch putting it on it's face. A few minutes later after eating some leftover pasta from dinner the other night, he walks back upstairs. But as he passes the couch, something catches his eye. Did that mask just glow? He picks the mask up just to see if it was really happening. The mask glows again. Aaron puts the mask slowly to his face, sort of creeped out by the mask. It jumps out of his hands and onto his face. Aaron tries to get the mask off, but it sticks on, the mask growing to the back of his head, covering his shaggy hair. He tries not to scream, but he can't resist it. Suddenly, he twists and turns into a tornado. This lasts for 10 seconds, then the spinning comes to a stop. But now, Aaron was wearing a red suit with grey hexagon patterns, with a matching tie. His head was bald and lime green.[Chapter 7] ","LastChapter":"","Summary":" It's a hot summer day in Verge City. A family is driving down a highway in a SUV, a moving truck fo","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Humor - Chapters: 6   - Words: 6,553 - Reviews: 9 - Favs: 7 - Follows: 7 - Updated: 4 20 2011 - Published: 1 3 2011 - id: 6621897 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"A Little of This, and a Little of That","Author":"Charlotte688","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/532700","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dropping her groceries on the kitchen counter, Jodie Sawyer hit the buttonnon her answering machine. \"You have 2 messages,\" it chimed happily in its monotone voice. It beeped and then, \"Jodie! It's mom! You need to come visit. Oh! We havenyour plane tickets all ready for you. We got two so that you can bringnCharlie with you. We know that you two aren't together anymore, but we wantnto see him again. He so sweet! Anyway, call us back as soon as you can!\" Jodie laughed as she listened to the next beep. \"Jodie, it's Charlie. Wenneed to get together so we can talk about rehearsal times. Call me backnwhen you get the time. Bye,\" the machine beeped and concluded. Jodie sighednrecalling that Charlie had just joined Cooper Neilson's company with her.nHe hadn't been happy at ABC. She sighed again and picked up the phone. \"Hi, it Jodie, is Charlie there?nYes, I'll hold,\" she switched the phone to her other ear as she began tonunload her groceries. \"Jodie! How are you?\" came Charlie Sims' friendly voice from the othernline. \"Hey Charlie, I'm fine. Listen, my parents want us to come visit them in anweek. They've already gotten us plane tickets. My mom wants to see younagain. I think that Cooper will give us time off. He's usually prettyngenerous about it. And since you two are friends.just kidding!\" \"Oh my gosh! That would be so great! Your mom's too cool. Listen aboutnrehearsal times, we need to get in more since we're gong to be dancingnRomeo and Juliet together.\" \"Yeah, I was thinking that we could practice during vacation. We have anstudio in our house from my old dancing days. I could ask my mom to cleannit up a little bit.\" \"That sounds great!\" They proceeded to coordinate the rest of the details. Then, Jodie put in ancall to Cooper. She got his voicemail. \"Listen Cooper, Charlie and I arengoing back home to visit my family. We're going to be practicing though,ndon't worry. We are going to leave this Sunday and we won't get back untilnthe following Sunday. Have fun with the chorale! See ya soon,\" shenexplained and signed off. ~~~~~6 DAYS LATER~~~~~ A taxi honked outside the apartment building and Jodie rushed out the door.nShe ran smack dab into Charlie on the sidewalk. \"Oops! Sorry! I'm just anlittle nervous,\" \"Why? We're not dancing for the president or anything. We're just going tonsee your parents,\" said Charlie flashing his gorgeous smile. \"I know, it's just that I haven't seen them for so long. I feel like I'mnnot going to know them,\" she said pulling her suitcase over to the trunk ofnthe taxi. \"It's okay, they're your parents. And, we're going to have a great time!nWe'll lay out in the sun and dance all vacation long!\" he said hugging hernreassuringly. \"Yup, now let's get this show on the road!\" she laughed and pulled him intonthe taxi with her. Not realizing that they were flying first class, they immediately gotncomfortable in their seats and proceeded to mess around with the channelsnon their headsets. They both found the same classical station and startednto choreograph a ballet in their minds. The started to write down thendetails. \"Wow Jodie, we should seriously show this to Cooper. He'd like it. Then, wencould dance it together!\" smiled Charlie putting the finishing touches onnit as the plane landed. He helped her out of the plane and they walked intonthe main terminal and got their luggage. Then they immediately began tonlook for Jodie's parents. \"Jodie! Over here!\" yelled Mr. Sawyer. \"Here, let me help you with those![Chapter 2] Jody ran up to her parents and hugged them immediately. \"Oh my gosh! I missed you guys soooo much!\" Charlie walked up behind her a minute later clutching their bags. \"Hi Mrs.nSawyer. How are you?\" he asked smiling. \"Charlie! We're great! How are you?\" she asked hugging him. \"I'm good.\" He replied. Mr. Sawyer picked up two of the bags and headed towards the door. Henmotioned for them to follow him. Charlie caught up with him and helped himncarry the rest of the bags out to the car. Jody and Mrs. Sawyer came a fewnyards behind talking in hushed voices. \"Oh honey, Charlie is such a sweetheart. Why did you two ever break up?\" \"Cooper,\" answered Jody shortly. \"Oh, I see. And you two are now dancing together? That should be fun. Incleaned up the studio for you.\" she said smiling mischeviously. \"Mom! It's over between us. You of all people should know that… Don't looknat me like that!\" she protested and opened the car door. She climbed intonthe backseat of the Expedition and scooted over to the other side. Charlienslid in next to her. \"See,\" he whispered, \"It's okay. They're exactly the way you remembernthem,\" he smiled at her reassuringly and buckled his seatbelt. When they reached the house, they unloaded their bags and went inside. \"Jody, why don't you go take Charlie to Brian's old room. Take your bagsnwith you,\" her mother suggested and shooed them upstairs. Jody led the way up a large staircase and down a hall. She showed Charlieninto her older brother's old room and showed him how the bathroom wasnconnected to her room. Then she started to help him unpack. After theynfinished that, she led him down another hallway to the studio. It had anwood floor and mirrors on two walls and windows on the other two walls.nThere was a bar on one wall and a stereo next to it. In a pile next to thendoor were a bunch of old toe shoes and leotards. \"Geeze, it's exactly how I remember it. Amazing…\" she said looking aroundnthe room smiling. \"It's great!\" he answered. \"I brought our music. We don't have to practicenno-\" \"No! Let's. I really want to try this out together. 'Cause we haven't triednit together yet. We've only done our parts by ourselves. I'll go getnchanged,\" she said excitedly and left the room. He went to her brother'snroom and started to change into his ballet clothes. He grabbed his shoesnand walked back into the studio. He walked in and found her on the floornstretching. She was wearing a black leotard with a skirt attached to it,nwhite tights, and her hair was up in a bun. She was stretching her feet atnthe bar. God, she's gorgeous…he thought to himself. He put on his shoes and came upnto the bar next to her and started to stretch. \"Hey!\" she said and startednto do a few plies and such. He did likewise and after 10 minutes they werenwarmed up. He handed her a CD and she popped it into the stereo. Cooper'snvoice came on telling which part of the ballet the song was and how theynshould start. She and Charlie got into their positions and got ready fornthe music to start. Charlie had his hands on her waist ready to lift her. \"And five…six…seven…eight…\" Cooper's voice counted. Charlie lifted Jody and they started to do the balcony scene dance of Romeonand Juliet. Completely forgetting where they were and what they were doing,nthey danced. They danced and danced. Finally they got to the end of thensong where they were supposed to kiss. He pulled her towards him and kissednher softly. The song ended and she pulled away. \"There…that was good. Should we go onto the next song?\" she asked timidly. \"Sure…\" he answered. \"Jody!\" came her mother's voice. \"We're sending you two to a party atnElizabeth's house! You should go get ready!\" \"Alright!\" she yelled back. \"I guess we should go get ready. We cannpractice again tomorrow,\" she smiled at him, bit her lip, and started tonwalk to the door. He caught her hand and turned her and kissed her lightly.nShe pulled away and smiled at him again. She walked from the room and henfollowed her a minute later.[Chapter 3] Here's Chapter 3. Sorry I haven't updated in a while. I have the flu andnit's hard to think. By the way, I just found out yesterday, that Charlien(Sascha Radetsky) is gay in real life. Why are all the cute ones alwaysngay? Darn it! Oh well…here we go! Charlie walked to his room and heard the sound of the shower comingnfrom the Jack and Jill bathroom connected between his and Jody's rooms. Henknocked on the door and called \"Jody! What am I supposed to wear? What kindnof a party is this?\" He heard the water turn off and a towel being pullednoff of the towel bar. The door opened and Jody leaned out with a yellownfluffy towel wrapped around her. \"It's just a party that Elizabeth's having because I'm in town. She'snlike that. Just wear whatever you would wear to one of the things after onenof our shows. Like after the workshop. Okay? I'm taking my hair dryer andnmakeup and stuff into my room so you can use the shower if you want to.\" Hennodded and she shut the door. He heard her padding back across the bathroomnand clinking things around. As soon as he heard the click of her door, henopened the door and stepped into the bathroom. Blasted in the face by warmnmoist air, he set down his shampoo and washrag on the ledge. He turned onnthe water so it could get hot while he undressed. He took off his shirt andnrevealed a muscular chest and shoulders, not surprising on a guy who doesnballet. He felt the water streaming in lines from the shower head with hisnhand. It was just right. He finished undressing and stepped into the saunanof hot water. The water ran paths down his back and through his hair. Whennhe finished his shower, he pulled a towel off the rack hung on the wallnnext to the shower door. He wrapped it around his waist and started to picknup his things. The last thing he did before returning to his room, was tonunlock the door to Jody's room. Jody, who was doing her makeup and needednsomething from the bathroom thought that he was dressed, so she opened thendoor to the bathroom. Charlie quickly turned around surprised. \"Sorry!\" exclaimed Jody and she turned to leave. \"No! It's okay! I shouldn't have unlocked the door,\" he said like itnwas his fault. She smiled and said, \"It's not like I haven't seen you in a towelnbefore.\" She touched his shoulder gently, and he caught her fingers. Henkissed each of them softly, and then moved to kiss her. Instead of lettingnhim make all of the moves, she kissed him first. SORRY IT'S SO SHORT! I JUST FEEL LIKE LEAVING YOU ALL HANGING!","LastChapter":"Here's Chapter 3. Sorry I haven't updated in a while. I have the flu andnit's hard to think. By the way, I just found out yesterday, that Charlien(Sascha Radetsky) is gay in real life. Why are all the cute ones alwaysngay? Darn it! Oh well…here we go! Charlie walked to his room and heard the sound of the shower comingnfrom the Jack and Jill bathroom connected between his and Jody's rooms. Henknocked on the door and called \"Jody! What am I supposed to wear? What kindnof a party is this?\" He heard the water turn off and a towel being pullednoff of the towel bar. The door opened and Jody leaned out with a yellownfluffy towel wrapped around her. \"It's just a party that Elizabeth's having because I'm in town. She'snlike that. Just wear whatever you would wear to one of the things after onenof our shows. Like after the workshop. Okay? I'm taking my hair dryer andnmakeup and stuff into my room so you can use the shower if you want to.\" Hennodded and she shut the door. He heard her padding back across the bathroomnand clinking things around. As soon as he heard the click of her door, henopened the door and stepped into the bathroom. Blasted in the face by warmnmoist air, he set down his shampoo and washrag on the ledge. He turned onnthe water so it could get hot while he undressed. He took off his shirt andnrevealed a muscular chest and shoulders, not surprising on a guy who doesnballet. He felt the water streaming in lines from the shower head with hisnhand. It was just right. He finished undressing and stepped into the saunanof hot water. The water ran paths down his back and through his hair. Whennhe finished his shower, he pulled a towel off the rack hung on the wallnnext to the shower door. He wrapped it around his waist and started to picknup his things. The last thing he did before returning to his room, was tonunlock the door to Jody's room. Jody, who was doing her makeup and needednsomething from the bathroom thought that he was dressed, so she opened thendoor to the bathroom. Charlie quickly turned around surprised. \"Sorry!\" exclaimed Jody and she turned to leave. \"No! It's okay! I shouldn't have unlocked the door,\" he said like itnwas his fault. She smiled and said, \"It's not like I haven't seen you in a towelnbefore.\" She touched his shoulder gently, and he caught her fingers. Henkissed each of them softly, and then moved to kiss her. Instead of lettingnhim make all of the moves, she kissed him first. SORRY IT'S SO SHORT! I JUST FEEL LIKE LEAVING YOU ALL HANGING!","Summary":" Dropping her groceries on the kitchen counter, Jodie Sawyer hit the buttonnon her answering machine","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Romance - Chapters: 3   - Words: 2,021 - Reviews: 47 - Favs: 5 - Follows: 3 - Updated: 2 4 2002 - Published: 1 5 2002 - id: 532700 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Simply True","Author":"LoveChasezSync","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/412295","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Simply True[Chapter 2] Simply True[Chapter 3] Simply True Simply True Disclaimer: I don't own any of the original characters from \"Center Stage\"! Ok? Good! The only thing I own is a copy of the VHS… and hopefully the DVD soon. LOL. Thankx. Three Mr. Simms drove them all to their large house outside the city. Charlie brought in his and Jody's bags. He set his stuff down in his old room, and Jody's stuff in the guestroom across the hall. When he came back downstairs, his parents, Jody, and his younger brother Mark were standing around talking. Mark was 14, and looked a lot like Charlie. Mark looked up at Charlie and smiled. \"Hey. Oh, Jim called a while ago, wondering if you were back yet. He just said to call him.\" Charlie nodded and excused himself to call his best friend. A few hours later, Charlie, Jim, and Jody were lounging in the pool in the backyard. Charlie was in the floating lawn chair, Jim was sitting on a basketball (who knew?), and Jody was lying on her back in the inertube. \"So, you guys used to date, huh?\" Jim asked. Charlie groaned loudly and spoke up before Jody could. \"Yeah. But we broke up.\" \"Why?\" Jim asked, oblivious to the fact that this bugged Charlie. \"I really don't think that's any of your business.\" Jody blurted out. \"Ok, sorry.\" Jim said, then looked over at Charlie. The truth was, Jody was still in love with Charlie, though she refused to admit it, even to herself. Things had been going fine between them, and she was perfectly happy. Then she kinda flipped out when Charlie said he loved her. At first, she went a long with it, saying she loved him too, which she did. But, she was so scared of getting hurt again. Her memories of Cooper wouldn't go away, so she just confronted Charlie one day and broke up with him. Charlie looked over at Jody and sighed. He couldn't see why she was so afraid of him. He wouldn't ever hurt her, he loved her. He wasn't anything like Cooper. He hated Cooper. But Jody was so scared that Charlie would hurt her, she just pushed him away. After Jim left, Jody walked up to Charlie. He was sitting at the kitchen table, eating a bowl of dry cereal. She sat down next to him and he looked up. \"Can we talk?\" She asked. \"Of course.\" \"Ok.\" Jody sighed. \"What is it with all these people? I mean, really, how many people did you tell about us? Because, it's getting kinda annoying.\" \"I know. I'm sorry, I forgot they even knew. So, I didn't think of telling them that we broke up.\" Jody nodded. \"Ok. Cause, to be honest, it's kinda embarrassing.\" \"Why?\" \"Because! All these people are like, into our private lives, and I don't even know them.\" Charlie nodded. \"Ok. I'll try to tell everyone before you meet them. But, I don't know if you'll be meeting a whole lot more people. I mean, some of my friends, but that's it.\" Jody nodded and stood up again. \"Ok. Well, I guess I should go change out of this wet suit. See ya.\"","LastChapter":"Simply True Simply True Disclaimer: I don't own any of the original characters from \"Center Stage\"! Ok? Good! The only thing I own is a copy of the VHS… and hopefully the DVD soon. LOL. Thankx. Three Mr. Simms drove them all to their large house outside the city. Charlie brought in his and Jody's bags. He set his stuff down in his old room, and Jody's stuff in the guestroom across the hall. When he came back downstairs, his parents, Jody, and his younger brother Mark were standing around talking. Mark was 14, and looked a lot like Charlie. Mark looked up at Charlie and smiled. \"Hey. Oh, Jim called a while ago, wondering if you were back yet. He just said to call him.\" Charlie nodded and excused himself to call his best friend. A few hours later, Charlie, Jim, and Jody were lounging in the pool in the backyard. Charlie was in the floating lawn chair, Jim was sitting on a basketball (who knew?), and Jody was lying on her back in the inertube. \"So, you guys used to date, huh?\" Jim asked. Charlie groaned loudly and spoke up before Jody could. \"Yeah. But we broke up.\" \"Why?\" Jim asked, oblivious to the fact that this bugged Charlie. \"I really don't think that's any of your business.\" Jody blurted out. \"Ok, sorry.\" Jim said, then looked over at Charlie. The truth was, Jody was still in love with Charlie, though she refused to admit it, even to herself. Things had been going fine between them, and she was perfectly happy. Then she kinda flipped out when Charlie said he loved her. At first, she went a long with it, saying she loved him too, which she did. But, she was so scared of getting hurt again. Her memories of Cooper wouldn't go away, so she just confronted Charlie one day and broke up with him. Charlie looked over at Jody and sighed. He couldn't see why she was so afraid of him. He wouldn't ever hurt her, he loved her. He wasn't anything like Cooper. He hated Cooper. But Jody was so scared that Charlie would hurt her, she just pushed him away. After Jim left, Jody walked up to Charlie. He was sitting at the kitchen table, eating a bowl of dry cereal. She sat down next to him and he looked up. \"Can we talk?\" She asked. \"Of course.\" \"Ok.\" Jody sighed. \"What is it with all these people? I mean, really, how many people did you tell about us? Because, it's getting kinda annoying.\" \"I know. I'm sorry, I forgot they even knew. So, I didn't think of telling them that we broke up.\" Jody nodded. \"Ok. Cause, to be honest, it's kinda embarrassing.\" \"Why?\" \"Because! All these people are like, into our private lives, and I don't even know them.\" Charlie nodded. \"Ok. I'll try to tell everyone before you meet them. But, I don't know if you'll be meeting a whole lot more people. I mean, some of my friends, but that's it.\" Jody nodded and stood up again. \"Ok. Well, I guess I should go change out of this wet suit. See ya.\"","Summary":" Simply True[Chapter 2] Simply True[Chapter 3] Simply True Simply True Disclaimer: I don't own any o","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Chapters: 3   - Words: 2,044 - Reviews: 11 - Favs: 3 - Updated: 11 8 2001 - Published: 9 23 2001 - id: 412295 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Daughter of the Mask","Author":"Citywriter84","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11449992","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Generations The sky was leaden and overcast as Jack waited for the bus that evening. A group of girls standing nearby were conversing with one another at the tops of their voices. Jack became aware that one of them was shooting him burning looks. He knew not to make eye contact. It was not the done thing for a man to stare at a strange girl. Strange as in a stranger and acting strangely. On the bus he tried to stare blankly out of the window, but he could not avoid her burning stare out of the corner of his eye. She was a beautiful girl he supposed, with smooth, pale skin and long auburn hair, but she had a strangely angular profile with a very prominent chin… like his own, even though she was a girl and he supposed a prominent chin was quintessentially a masculine thing. Back in his flat, he reflected again on how empty and monotonous his life seemed. A boring, dead end job and no girlfriend or family. And yet he still remembered a strange encounter he had had as a boy. But it was so strange. How to describe it? He still remembered the lady who had deflowered him. How could he forget her? With her round, bald bright green head, thick rubbery features and weird grin… She had said she was his good fairy. But there was not getting around the fact that she had seduced him and he was a mere boy then. What she had done would not have been legal for a human lady. What had she been? She couldn't really have been supernatural. Rather, she must have been on some kind of drug to behave so strangely and move so fast and she was wearing a strange mask… or had shaved her head and applied strange prosthetic makeup. As he slept, he dreamed about her again… The next evening, he decided to have tea in a café. The tea in the café wasn't great, but at least it was warm. Suddenly he became aware of the strange girl from the bus sitting at a nearby table. She was staring at him again. There was another girl with her who was gazing at her anxiously. Jack tried to interest himself in his baked potato, but he couldn't help seeing her. The lamplight shone off her freckled nose and cheeks and glinted off her auburn hair. She had a long pale face, but she was definitely beautiful when viewed full on. However, her profile was strange and angular, sort of like a pale crescent moon cartoon face. She really must look strikingly like him. He didn't wait to find out what her problem was though, he decided to leave. \"Excuse me, sir,\" said the girl getting to her feet and striding to block his way to the door. He couldn't get to the door without pushing her out of the way. Well this was awkward… \"Just walk with me down the street, OK?\" she murmured out of the corner of her mouth. Oh well, if she did turn out to be a maniac, then at least she didn't look very strong. She was tall, but of a slender build. Her friend got nervously to her feet and trailed after them. They strode down the pavement. From side on, the girl's profile really was jagged. Her nose seemed like a beak and her chin jutted out. \"Now that we're out of there…\" she said. She had a pleasant, quite refined sounding voice really, but it was a bit strange and she had a slight difficulty making rounded vowels. Sort of like his voice would have been before it broke. \"I owe you an explanation, Jack,\" she said. So she knew his name. She had been stalking him. \"Lottie,\" said her friend with a tone of warning in her voice, struggling to keep up on her shorter legs. OK, so now he knew her name as well. Lottie. \"I'm set on this, Anne,\" said Lottie tersely. She turned to face Jack. Her eyes were a pretty shade of light hazel. Actually like his were… \"Jack,\" said Lottie. \"I know you are my dad.\" His heart leapt. What was this about? Was she mad? \"I don't think he can be the one, he looks so young,\" said Anne. \"Is he really over thirty?\" \"That's the point,\" said Lottie. \"Too young and not ready to be a father, remember?\" She addressed Jack again. \"We have to talk,\" she said, \"I think in a pub where it's noisy anyway.\" She pointed sideways at one. Well Jack knew that he had been seduced when he was just a boy. Could this strange girl have really come about from that coupling? He couldn't bear not knowing. He followed her into the Duke Tavern and they sat down at a small wooden table. The smokey air was filled with such hubbub anyway. Noone would hear them. \"Now I must be the one to explain first,\" said Lottie. \"Jack, my mother says that you and she got together when you were too young and that she was wrong to do it and that she was not herself at the time. I know you look too young to be a father to a girl as old as me. She said you didn't recognise her, because she wore a strange green mask.\" Jack gave a start. \"That means something to you then,\" said Lottie, eyeing him shrewdly, \"well I have a right to know where I come from.\" \"Your mother told you she wore a strange green mask…?\" Repeated Jack, dazedly. \"Yes,\" said Lottie, \"she said she wanted a child, but that you were not ready to be a father. But I nagged at her until I got an answer as to who you were. She is Nicole… your old art teacher.\" Jack shook his head, trying to clear it. Nicole? His art teacher? She had been a really nice lady. Pretty too. He remembered… she had long, glossy honey blond hair, smooth skin, applied makeup so well. She had been young. Only twenty three, he knew that. She had always been kind to him. She never gave off the impression that she wanted anything sexual from him. Lottie was looking at him anxiously. \"Jack… please tell me… what happened? I need to hear your side of the story.\" So this was it. If she was indeed his daughter, Jack must tell her how he had done it with the lady in the Mask.[Chapter 2] A Trip Down Memory Lane Jack told the story of the she-mask as he remembered it. Nicole had been his art teacher when he was fourteen. One afternoon the art class had been unruly and Nicole was struggling. At the end she was really flustered. \"I'm not asking you, I'm telling you, your attitude will change,\" she said frantically, pushing her long wavy blond hair out of her face. \"I am your teacher…\" \"Just an art teacher,\" said a boy, impudently. \"Chuck him out,\" said a second boy in a gruff voice. \"That's enough. Class dismissed,\" said Nicole throwing up her arms. Jack hung back. Nicole's violet blue eyes were bright with tears. He had wanted to do something to impress her, but the other boys had done all they could to wind her up. \"Are you OK?\" he asked. He wasn't a Joe Soap type character who could masterfully comfort the ladies, but he knew he ought to try as best he could. \"Yes, thank you my dear,\" said Nicole sniffing and patting his arm. Her sparkling tears were causing her mascara to run. She was very pretty even though she was starting to cry. She had a cutely formed nose, smooth skin and quite a wide mouth, he thought. Her lips were painted the same bright red as her nails. She was a young woman, but her perky, firm breasts were of ample size already. He had fantasised about kissing her and more… \"The fellows are obnoxious,\" he said. \"And that Sebastian Jones… he has the nerve to suggest you're not a teacher? He's so rude. He actually called me \"chin boy\" this morning because of my angular face.\" \"You are privileged to have such strong, handsome features. You are growing up into an exceptionally handsome young man,\" said Nicole earnestly. \"I-\" she shook her head as if to clear it and pushed her blond hair away from her face again. \"This American website I looked over said that students of our age – 'middle schoolers' they call them over there – are the sort who teachers are most afraid of. Is that correct?\" \"The American website was right,\" said Nicole, \"when the hormones first start kicking in, most children do get hard to handle. Older and younger students are better behaved. I really wanted to teach little ones, but inexperienced teachers have to prove themselves by doing a hard teaching job first.\" She sighed, \"I shouldn't be burdening you with my worries, sweetie. In fact… I'm thinking you're too nice a boy for my class.\" \"Well…\" Jack could take a compliment OK. They both sat down at separate seats at the teacher's desk. \"Tea, sweetie?\" asked Nicole, \"I've vending machine clearance.\" Soon she had prepared two cups of steaming tea and then she began to show him sketches she had made. \"An American writer wrote about masks as a metaphor,\" she said, \"the masks in these sketches symbolise different faces that are put on in different situations.\" She took a carved wooden mask from the desk drawer. It appeared to be carved from old, weathered wood, with prominent cheeks and an iron nose plate. \"This carving represents dark desires,\" she explained. \"I wanted to try to carve a replica myself.\" She turned the Mask over in her hands. \"This carving is very old and could be valuable. It symbolises the Freudian Id – our dark subconscious.\" \"What we want really deep in our hearts?\" said Jack. Nicole smiled and nodded, her violet blue eyes sparkling. \"Even if we can never say what it is.\" Jack had wanted to give her a flower – an edelweiss which he had collected earlier. He gave it to her, stammering and blushing. She beamed and tied it in her hair. She did look cute with the flower in her long, wavy blond hair. The sun outside was setting lower in the sky. The rays of the setting sun gleamed off her lustrous hair. \"I really ought to walk you home, dear,\" said Nicole. \"Oh I was going to use the library,\" said Jack. \"But thank you all the same.\" \"See you soon,\" said Nicole, smiling, her eyes sparkling. When Jack was finished in the library, the librarian had already left and the lights had dimmed. As he strode down the empty corridor, there was a whoosh and to his amazement, a whirlwind came tearing down the dark corridor to meet him. What could this mean? He just stood there in astonishment. Suddenly the whirlwind came spinning to a halt before him. And there stood a very strange apparition indeed. A young woman, clad in leather. Very tight fitting leather that showed off all her curves. But that wasn't the strange thing. No, the strange thing was her big, round bright green head, completely bald, like it had been shaved and then fused with a thick green rubber of some kind. \"Hallo…. Ssssmokin'\" she breathed. Her voice was low and husky. It sounded breathy and seductive. He could see her features moving behind the thick green rubber to form a grin. She was grinning widely at him. She had dark green lips. \"Heyyyyy… handsome young man. Want to donate some seed?\" asked the apparition. She patted her chest and to his astonishment, her chest expanded. Her breasts were growing before his eyes! \"Am – am I dreaming?\" he stammered. \"It's a hot dream,\" she whispered, putting her arms round him, her firm breasts pushing into his chest. He began to feel aroused at her touch. \"Are you feeling alright?\" he asked. He decided to put his arms around her as well. The top of her smooth bald head brushed his cheek. Her scalp felt cool and silky. \"Help me feel alright, please?\" she whispered in his ear, her warm breath tickling him. \"You're a lovely boy who would want to help a lady. I know it. Please stay with me in there.\" A door to their left swung open inwards. But that door always opened outwards. It was just a utility cupboard for caretaking supplies. But to his astonishment, Jack could see a candlelit room with a Jacuzzi and a round, pink bed that looked very soft. \"Please take a dip with me?\" said the masked woman, looking him full in the face. What was familiar about her violet blue eyes? It was hard to read the expression of her freakishly altered face, but did she look anxious? Pleading? As though she could not bear for him to decline? He nodded. They went into the Jacuzzi room that had magically appeared in the utility cupboard. She closed the door behind them and her leather outfit slipped to the ground, leaving her stark naked. Her curvaceous body was very pale and unblemished, a contrast with her strange, bright green head. He averted his eyes. She grinned and slipped into the pool where she was concealed with bubbles up to her neck. \"The water's lovely, you gorgeous thing,\" she said, beckoning him in. He undressed and slipped into the water. This was exciting. He thought this kind of thing only happened in dreams… The Jacuzzi water was warm and the bubbles burst against him, arousing his sensitive manhood. She grinned. \"I need your help,\" she said. Suddenly her voice was much more subdued. Serious. \"I'm lonely and confused,\" she said. \"Please, please comfort me. Please be generous with what you have.\" She moved in close. Her nose was a cute shape, coated as it was with strange green rubber. \"Kiss me…\" she whispered and he kissed the cool, smooth tip of her nose. He could feel himself becoming aroused… \"I am your good fairy,\" she whispered huskily, \"let me love you with passion.\" Did this strange woman really want him to do what he thought she wanted? He wondered what he should say. He noticed the bubbles on the surface seemed to have grown thicker, forming a milky white foam. \"I have a mole on my stomach, though you can't see…\" he said, feeling himself blush, not able to think of anything else to say. \"Awww you have a freckled nose and cheeks too. So cute,\" she said, leaning close. \"I would want your dear face, whether or not I can get my own back.\" That night they made sweet love and he felt like he really had found his love one. The mind of a teenage boy can be easily turned in the passion of the moment.[Chapter 3] The Mother and The Father The next day, Jack remembered his encounter to the last vivid detail. He would not forget such an introduction to manhood. Who was the mysterious masked lady? Would he see her again? His feelings were confused. He felt so passionate and yet so protective of her. Could they become an item somehow? Should they? During midmorning break, Nicole approached him as he sat on the old wooden bench. She looked pale and anxious and appeared to have spent a sleepless night. \"Jack, are you alright?\" she asked, laying a hand on his arm and peering into his face, \"I – I…\" she opened and shut her ruby lips as if at a loss for words. \"Perfectly fine thanks, Miss,\" said Jack. He couldn't very well tell her of his steamy encounter of the previous night. She was gazing at him searchingly. He wondered why. \"If there is anything you need to tell me… anything you need to talk about, I am here,\" she said, biting her bottom lip. \"There is nothing, I've never felt better,\" said Jack with sincerity, \"I feel like a new person. Not the person I was.\" Nicole squirmed in her seat. \"It might help you to talk about it some time,\" she said, her high voice quavering. \"Even if something seems enchanting, it may not be good all the same.\" She pushed her blond hair away from her face, her eyes oddly bright. \"Do you think you would like to go to the museum this Saturday or soon? As a free educational trip? I can ask your mum and dad too.\" A day with Nicole appealed to him far more than the prospect of a day with any of the masters would have done. \"Oh that would be nice,\" he agreed. On Saturday they drove to the museum in Nicole's car. Nicole had explained that especially promising pupils could receive special educational trips as a reward. \"Dad was right. It is kind of you,\" he said. \"I'm not sure I do deserve such approval,\" she replied shaking her blond head. Jack could not think what that meant, so kept silent. At the museum, Jack stared in awe at the iconic gem of the Victorian stuffed animal collection – a great stuffed walrus. \"But the 19th century taxidermists stuffed the hide too taut so that it doesn't have the natural creases a walrus should,\" said Nicole, \"but I always loved the walrus. Ever since I was a little girl. I would definitely take any child of mine here as soon as they could walk.\" The museum had an aquarium too, built on steps, a set of tanks on each level. At the top there was an axolotl tank. The lizard swam contently through the water in the tank, unaware that it was being watched. \"The axolotl can live out its entire life in this form,\" said Nicole, \"but then if its water source dries up it becomes a salamander – a completely different creature adapted to a dry environment. This lizard could become something else entirely, but it has no idea…\" her violet blue eyes were misty for a moment. She was lost in thought. \"Ignorance is bliss little fellow,\" she said to the axolotl. They looked through the puppet section next. There was an array of old Punch and Judy puppets in a glass cabinet. \"I liked Punch and Judy,\" said Jack who could remember a show once at a beach, \"but I didn't know it was supposed to be so dark.\" He was looking at a collection of puppets and the placard underneath which told of a Punch and Judy story. In it, Punch threw the baby puppet out of the window and then beat Judy to death. The final puppet represented the ghost of Judy who haunted Punch in retribution. \"Comedy and Horror are similarly reactive modes of story telling I think,\" said Nicole. Then they came to another cabinet. In it there was a puppet representing a beautiful girl who put on a strange mask and became another puppet. The caption underneath said that in her altered state she would become a witch, swooping down on young men in the night and having sexual intercourse with them, in this way taking their children and their future. The girl puppet had long golden hair, but with the mask on, she had a weirdly distorted green face. Nicole suddenly turned white at the sight of the puppet and began gasping. Jack took her by the arm and they sat down on a bench. He put his arms around her and she buried her face in his chest. \"Is your girlfriend finding the puppets too frightening?\" asked a curator who was walking past. \"Not my girlfriend,\" said Jack, patting Nicole's back. He was uneasy. She hadn't lost it like this in class even when the boys were winding her up. What could he do? She was the adult here. \"It's just a silly puppet,\" he whispered, stroking her hair and hoping that would comfort her, \"and frankly, the Judy ghost puppet is more frightening. That one has a skull for a head and is dressed in a shroud. The witch puppet is actually strangely exciting.\" Thinking about the witch reminded him of his mysterious masked lover. He would never forget her. His manhood rose at her memory. Nicole looked up. Her mascara was running and her tears had left black mascara tracts down her cheeks. Her carefully applied makeup had been smudged. Her violet blue eyes shone with tears in the dim light. \"Dearest,\" she said sniffling, \"if anything has happened that you feel you can't talk to me about, perhaps it could help to either write it down or to draw a picture of it. That could help get it out of your system.\" In the weeks that followed, Nicole did seem to be looking out for Jack. One day he tried to enter the canteen, but Seb Jones tripped him. Nicole was there in an instant. \"How dare you, Jones,\" she said fiercely, her violet blue eyes flashing, \"don't smirk at me. I've a good mind to take you to Mr Crombie.\" Mr Crombie was the deputy head and in charge of discipline. Jones scowled and dropped his gaze. Jack and Nicole walked into lunch together and sat at the same table. As she ate she looked distinctly queasy. \"Oh dear, I don't think I can finish this,\" she said. She did look pale and sickly. \"Are you OK?\" asked Jack. \"Fine, sweetie,\" said Nicole and clapped a hand to her mouth and ran out of the canteen, leaving her food untouched. He took her advice and tried to draw images of how he remembered the she-mask. He showed her illustrations he had drawn of the she-mask one afternoon after art class. \"These are so evocative. You are talented,\" she said, gazing at him. \"I remember her anxious expression,\" said Jack, \"she definitely…\" he realised he had been about to talk about his encounter with the she-mask. He fell silent. \"You can tell me,\" said Nicole, gazing at him, \"I would always take your word.\" So he told her. Her violet blue eyes shone with tears when he had finished. \"Whoever the masked lady was, whatever her issues were, she should not have sought a relationship with someone who was still a teenager,\" said Nicole, pushing her blond hair away from her face, \"she can't have been in her right mind to do something so wrong.\" She shifted in her seat. \"I'm leaving at the end of the year,\" she said suddenly. \"Leaving?\" said Jack. He didn't want Nicole to leave. But Nicole was suddenly retching and clapping her hands to her mouth. Jack quickly helped her to the ladies room. He could hear her vomiting noisily as he waited outside the door. She emerged, pale and clammy. \"I'm going to have a baby, dear,\" she said, \"that's why I keep throwing up.\" \"Congratulations!\" said Jack. Nicole smiled ruefully. \"I want a child, but these circumstances are strange. I haven't got a man in my life. I'll manage though.\" As winter gave way Spring, Nicole's sickly phase passed and she seemed much happier. By the summer, her belly was swelling. At the midsummer day event she seemed to be glowing when they met for the last time. Her blond hair glinted in the sun. \"Good to see you looking so well,\" she said, hugging him, \"feel my baby bump.\" He could feel her baby kicking as she hugged him. And he still had no idea the baby was his.[Chapter 4] The Inheritance Jack gazed at his beautiful daughter. Those eyes, so like his own, gazed back. \"And despite all this it never occurred to you that I could possibly be yours?\" said Lottie, her voice trembling a little. Jack hoped fervently that she wasn't going to burst into tears. He wished he knew how to comfort her. It felt so awkward… if he had taken part in her upbringing he could hug her but as it was they were virtual strangers. At that moment he felt a surge of resentment against Nicole. Why had she excluded him from their daughter's life? Of course that was obvious. It had been illegal for them to have a child together, whether or not she was masked. However much he might have wished it otherwise, they could not have been together as man and wife. And yet he felt that she should not have left his life like that taking his daughter away. Looking at her now the pieces had all fallen into place he felt a sense of pride in the woman she had become mixed with a terrible sadness that he had never been able to be there with her. Tears shone in Lottie's hazel eyes. At that moment he wanted to connect with her more than anything. \"You are my only child, Lottie. I haven't a wife or a girlfriend. You could live with me. We are family.\" \"I… I… yes… we've got to try,\" said Lottie, her bottom lip trembling. Sparkling tears trickled down her cheeks. Anne's eyes darted to Lottie and then to him. \"And your mum Lottie, you'll tell her…\" said Anne. Ah yes, there was that little snag. It would be so weird facing Nicole again. What could they do? Get married for Lottie's sake? A bit late for that. He pictured himself with Nicole in the Mask – that would have made for an interesting family photo… \"Oh yes, I've got to confront her about these secrets she's kept for so long,\" said Lottie, wiping the tears away from her cheeks, \"Jack… Dad… can you come now? We can't delay. We've already lost so much time.\" She was right. They left the pub. It was dark outside and the night air was cool. Lottie proudly slipped her arm in his. Jack's heart was hammering at the thought of seeing Nicole again. \"Are you nervous, Dad?\" asked Lottie. The light of a lamppost illuminated her long pale face and glinted off her auburn hair. \"Just a little,\" he admitted. \"Nicole and I do go back a long way… that is, it's been so long…\" \"She's quite approachable,\" chimed Anne. \"So approachable. But she kept us in the dark,\" said Lottie grimly. \"We will have words.\" She gazed at him again and when she spoke her voice was soft once more. \"We'll get the bus the rest of the way if you're nervous. I've got an adult oyster with me if you need one.\" \"I – I have my own, Lottie,\" he replied. He registered that she now spoke to him tenderly but what was the dynamic between them. Really they couldn't ever be like father and daughter. She seemed so mature for her age and he thought her concern was rather like that of an older sister. \"Well that's a stroke of luck,\" said Lottie as they approached a bus stop and the bus came into view. On the bus Lottie held his hand. \"I wish I had my youtube favourites playlist to calm me,\" he said abruptly. He tended to say what was on his mind without thinking how it might sound. He thought perhaps he had been alone too long. Oh well, he was proud of his playlist. \"It's got all types of music from all different eras.\" \"I'm the same, I like all kinds of music,\" said Lottie. \"I think something that is cheesy and eerily soothing would calm me now, like Johnny Leyton.\" Lottie giggled, \"mum could say, 'Johnny… remember me,' in a ghostly wail.\" \"I see why you're so random, Lottie,\" said Anne cheerily, \"runs in the family.\" Lottie raised her eyebrows. \"Anne, do you mind?\" Jack was beginning to feel more at ease. \"Lately I've been listening to Joseph and his Technicolour Dreamcoat.\" Lottie smiled and began singing Any Dream Will Do. Jack liked her voice. \"I wish I could sing, but I never trusted my voice after it broke on me and then turned in to a bass.\" Lottie laughed, her hazel eyes shining. Jack felt very much at ease with his daughter now. \"I do wonder what happened to Jacob to make him passive-stupid by that point in Genesis. He was really unaware of what the horrible brothers were up to? The part which stayed with me the most was how he loved Joseph so much that he would wake up and get to his feet when Joseph appeared. What must he have gone through when they were separated?\" Lottie knew what he was driving at although Anne looked baffled. Tears shone in her eyes again. Eventually they reached their stop. Jack held his daughter's hand as they approached the house. Anne trotted a little way behind them. The street was in a nice area, a row of terraced houses with privet hedges. Nicole had done well for herself to live here, especially as she had become a single mother. Jack's heart began to thud as they approached the green painted front door. \"Are you OK?\" whispered Lottie. Jack nodded, but his throat seemed to have seized up. Lottie opened the front door. \"I'm home!\" she called. The lighting in the hall was soft and pleasant. The air smelled faintly fragrant. The front door included a stain glass pane through which the moonlight shone. The sound of footfalls. Then Nicole was here. Jack's heart skipped. She was clearly older, her glossy blond hair appeared to have been bleached, perhaps because it had started to go grey. She was carefully made up although her skin was not quite as lustrous and radiant now. She had not gained much weight although he wondered if she was as graceful and slender as she had been when they had done the deed… he wasn't sure… She gave a start as she saw him, her violet blue eyes wide and shocked, as though she had seen a ghost. Her mouth opened and shut, like a fish out of water. Anne followed them in at this point. \"Nicole, are you alright?\" she asked. Lottie's eyes were very bright as she pointed at Nicole. \"See anyone familiar, Mum? Anyone you didn't tell me – tell me about for – for sixteen years?\" Her voice trembled with emotion. Jack's insides squirmed. He felt so bad for Nicole at this moment. But it was she who had hidden his daughter from him… \"Jack…\" said Nicole weakly. She looked really pale. \"I – come in…\" she beckoned them all into the front room where they sat down on couches. \"I'll make some tea, shall I?\" said Anne brightly. \"Yes dear...\" said Nicole, her voice still faint. Anne left the room Lottie glared at her mother. \"You really have some explaining to do, understand? You've got to tell the rest of the strange story of the she-mask. Starting from the end of Jack's involvement. He is my father and he still doesn't know.\"[Chapter 5] A House of Hell Nicole was very pale. She gazed at Jack and he steeled himself and folded his arms. It felt wrong not comforting her, but what could he do? Lottie clearly wanted a confrontation to take place and he did not want to go against his daughter's wishes. \"I - I...\" she said, her voice quivering. She swallowed. \"There is no point in lying any more. My dears, you know how we are all a family and my folly. I knew this day would come. I was hoping it would. I don't deserve to hide anything.\" Her eyes were bright with tears, but she sat up straight. \"There is more to the story of the she-mask.\" Nicole began to tell her story. I had to stop work when darling Lottie came along. I couldn't afford rent and I had no relationship. My old boyfriend had already betrayed and left me before I found the Mask. We had to live with my mother at first. Coward that I was, I told no one else, but her of what I had done. That I had taken sexual advantage of a boy. I would carry the Mask with me, concealed about my person to remind myself of my guilt and ensure that it would never be used again. Mum was disappointed of course, but her priorities were to protect her guilty daughter and her blameless grandchild. But I had to get back into work and that is not easy for a single mother who has taken a break from the workplace. I applied for a position that seemed too good to miss - flexible hours and really good pay and I was granted an interview. But it was in another city, a considerable drive away. I suspected nothing as I left to go to the interview, leaving my little Lottie with mum. My sense of direction was never very precise, my dears. I took a wrong turn along the way, at Mingleford, after taking directions from an old man with long white hair. Looking back on it I thought I remembered a mischievous glint in his eye. I had been driving for a long time before I realised I was hopelessly lost. Night fell and a storm started up. I kept driving, but it became hard to see anything in the deluge. Suddenly there was a flash of lightning. It illuminated the figure of an old man standing in the road right in front of me. The old man in Mingleford! I swerved and the car careened off the road and into the ditch. My heart was thumping and I was trembling as I got out of the car and into the pouring rain. I prayed I had not hit him. I looked up and down the road and called out, but there was noone there. But I had been so sure I had seen someone! I searched up and down the road becoming soaked to the skin. My hair was sodden and my dress clung to me. There was noone here. Had I imagined it? With my weird experience as the she-mask, I might be starting to go mad... I got back into the car and tried to start it, but the engine was dead. In those days I didn't have a mobile phone. What was I going to do? The car was parked firmly in the ditch. It had been miles since I had passed the last house. As if in answer to my thoughts, a light flickered in the distance. I got out of the car and into the rain again. Across the ditch was a long, winding drive, leading up to a curious ramshackle old house. What luck! Or so I thought... I hurried up the drive, realising how awkward and impractical my high heels were. The drive needed a small fortune in repairs. There was a light shining through the window on the first floor of the house. It was not an electric light. Rather, the glow of an oil lamp. Close to the house was in a shocking state of disrepair. Parts appeared to be literally falling off. I climbed the creaking steps to the front porch, glad to be out of the rain. I knew that the owner of the house would not thank me for waking them up at this hour - five minutes to midnight - but I had to get to a telephone if I was to call a garage. I tugged on the old fashioned bell pull and a deep gong sounded from within the house. A few moments later the door opened and a tall middle-aged fellow stood before me looking at me with disapproval. \"Yes?\" he said frowning at me. He listened, his long face solemn, as I gabbled on in my nervousness. I explained my predicament, how I was lost and how my car had broken down. \"Come in,\" he said, \"the Master is expecting you. Follow!\" He led me into the reception hall and told me to sit and wait for the Master. I sat in a solid carved chair and looked around. The reception hall was not what I expected from the dilapidated exterior of the house. It was elegantly decorated with tapestries and fine oak panels. A number of portraits lined the walls. A sturdy sixteenth-century table was set against one wall and there was an array of paintings. I take an interest in art, as you know. I stood to examine the portraits and whether they were genuine antiques. The first painting was of a beautiful young woman with long dark hair, wearing a fine white dress and a tiara. A plaque beneath read \"Lady Bethany of Danvers: 1802 to 1824.\" I was sure it was genuine. I admired how well the painted had captured her beauty and wondered why this lady of an aristocratic household had died so young. As I stared at how the painting showed up the fine contours of her face, I blinked and looked again. Were her lips moving? A whisper reached my ears and I leaned closer. I could hear the soft voice of a girl with a refined accent calling my name: \"Nicole, Nicole, beware of this place, for it is cursed. Many have succumbed to the horrors that lie within, myself included. The evil Lord Kilnor is already plotting your death. Drink not his red wine. Or if you still can, escape while you may.\" A cold prickle ran down my spine. I knew of course that the supernatural was very real and ghosts, witches and succubae really existed. I had even been one myself. What sort of place was this? Was Bethany communicating to me from beyond the grave or was it that I was really going mad, as I feared? Footsteps! I hastily sat down in my chair again. The fellow who had opened the door for me walked in, this time accompanied by a large and imposing man dressed in a blood red smoking jacked. His black hair was slicked down and his piercing dark eyes seemed to stab right into me as he towered above me, smiling an icy smile. The servant announced: \"May I present Lord Kilnor, the Earl of Drumer?\" I hastily got to my feet and curtseyed. I was wishing I could be back at home cuddling my darling Lottie. Lord Kilnor crushed my hand in his and I tried not to wince. He drew back his lips to reveal his teeth, which were very white and even, but looked strangely sharp. \"There will be no need to speak.\" His cold voice resonated deeply. \"I can see you have been caught in the filthy storm. Come into my parlour, please do. We can sit by the fire and soon you will find all your cares are ended forever. Franklins!\" He snapped at the butler. \"Order the cook to prepare some food for our guest and step on it.\" \"At once Master,\" said Franklins gulping and he hurried away. I protested that I did not want to be any trouble, but the Earl ignored me. He stalked into the drawing room and I trotted after him. A fire was burning under the ornate mantelpiece. The warmth of the fire washed over me. I sat down and hastened to explain myself. \"I thank you so much for your gracious hospitality, my Lord,\" I said, brushing my sodden hair away from my face, \"I desperately need to get to a job interview tomorrow morning.\" His cold eyes bored into me. He had not sat, but was towering over me. \"I am an art teacher,\" I stammered \"and a single mum, so it's a unique opportunity for me to be likely to get a-another job.\" \"Our phone lines have come down in the storm,\" said the Earl abruptly, \"but you can stay for the night... and maybe a bite? Ah, here is Franklins now.\" The butler had returned and announced that the meal was ready. Well that had been very quick. It should have been obvious to me then that I had been expected. The Earl strode to the dining room and I hastened to follow him. The dining room looked magnificent. A long table strechted between two fine chairs and was laid with gleaming silver cutlery. A rich red wallpaper covered the walls and the room was lit by a sparkling chandelier, bristling with candles, which hung from the ceiling. I sat down and the Earl finally sat down as well. The butler moved behind me to offer wine. I remembered Beth's whispered warning from the portrait. Well... whether or not I was going mad, I would take no further chances. \"White wine,\" I squeaked. The wine was dry and light, obviously a very expensive vintage. Franklins brought in a rack of lamb. I ate my fill. No point going hungry. At that point I just wanted to feel more at ease and tried to get the Earl talking. \"You have a wonderful collection of paintings,\" I told him, \"Bethany's painting is most remarkable.\" \"Ah, she died amid strange circumstances,\" said the Earl with relish, \"the story goes that she was found in a clearing not far from here with strange marks on her throat. Strange, no?\" I shuddered. \"Strange,\" I agreed. \"But of late, there have been unfounded rumours about this house being cursed, so the ignorant farmers have deserted the estate. Nothing in it of course. Now you must be tired, for it is well past midnight. Franklins will show you to your room. You will be very pleased here.\" Franklins led me up the stairs and into a room with a plaque on the door which read \"Apolloyon.\" The Apollyon room was a richly appointed lady's bedchamber with an ornate foreposter bed and lace curtains that stretched from floor to ceiling. Franklins bade me goodnight and shut the door. I could hear a key grating in the lock. I was feeling really worried. There was definitely something phoney about all this. And then I saw her. The shimmering outline of a beautiful young woman with long dark hair, wearing a white bridal gown that had been ripped and torn... there was no mistaking those delicate features. It was Bethany, her spirit form coalescing before me. My heart thudded. There really was a ghost then. The house of Drumer was haunted. Bethany's dark eyes were wide and anxious. Her ruby lips moved and I heard her soft voice echo once more: \"Nicole... thank God I have found you before it is too late. I warned you Nicole. This place is a den of terrible evil. A sect of devil-worshippers have made their lair here, under the leadership of Kilnor, the Earl of Drumer. Could you not sense anything wrong about him?\" \"I - yes he is a bit creepy,\" I replied weakly. \"You have been lured here Nicole. They intend to sacrifice you to the Demons of Hellfire. They have locked their other victims in the cellar ready to be sacrificed. Yesterday they captured a pretty young girl like yourself, a district nurse who came calling. But I can sense that you are not helpless like she is. You have a power the evil ones know not. You can free us all.\" Suddenly the Mask concealed in my inner pocket seemed to burn. But at that moment there was a dreadful barking close at hand and two ghostly great danes appeared their eyes glowing red. \"They've come for me,\" cried Beth. Without hesitating, without even thinking about it, I reached into my pocked and drew out the Mask. As the dogs sprang at Beth, I jammed it onto my face. Yes my dears, I did not want to use it again. But what else could I have done? Just as I had done a year previously, I felt the jolt through my entire being and the mask clenching hard on my skull, agonisingly tight. I whirled around at an impossible speed, tearing down furnishings and curtains... I heard the whimpering of the spectral hounds as they retreated... And then I stood before the mirror, seeing myself as she-mask once more. My head, huge, lurid green and completely bald, my face covered in that thick green rubber. I was back in that tight leather outfit again. It was originally just you and I who knew Jack, but now others were going to as well. The sense of power and unlimited confidence surged through me again. It was intoxicating. Memories of the last time I had been she-mask were very vivid. I felt that I wanted Jack back in my arms, but knew that there were more pressing matters. Bethany hovered beside me. \"Welcome back, Lady of the Night,\" she whispered, \"now we really do stand a chance. The minions of Hellfire will not know what hit them.\"[Chapter 6] A Demonic Foe \"Feels sooo good to be back,\" I purred as I gazed at my reflection. I puckered my dark green lips and blew a kiss at the mirror. I patted the top of my shiny green head. \"It's been too long already. Beth darling, do you happen to have a wig I might use?\" When I had worn the Mask previously I had not known that I would change back at dawn's first light. I had wondered if I would be stuck in she-mask form forever, but that prospect actually hadn't bothered me. She-mask does not worry about things. She does what she wants. Bethany cast no reflection. She shook her head and her noir tresses rippled and bounced. \"I never had need of wigs.\" \"No matter, I don't need hair just yet. I will strike fear into our enemies. But first a little spruce up. Got to keep my looks green and elegant.\" I conjured a small pot of green powder from thin air along with a powder puff. It was just as I remembered. The strange powers I had as she-mask came as easily as a sigh. I only had to think of an object to create it. I did not yet know the limits. I rubbed my shiny green face with the powder puff. \"Now come, my poor darling,\" I concentrated and took hold of Bethany's hand. She gave a little gasp of surprise. As a ghost she presumably hadn't been able to interact with anyone living before, but I could bend the normal rules now. \"Mind if I call you Beth? 'My lady' would sound too stiff. We're going to spook these devil-worshippers out together, Beth.\" Franklins had locked the door, but it was an ordinary door and an ordinary lock. The idea of it holding against me was laughable. I didn't even have to give it a thought, it just swung open and we swept out onto the landing. My impractical heels were gone. I now had a pair of leather boots and while these had stiletto heels, I pranced along with perfect balance while Bethany floated beside me. The carpet of the landing was thick and blood red. A horrible colour scheme. The landing was lit by oil lamps, but suddenly these dimmed and I sensed malign intent all around us. \"Do you sense it too, Beth?\" \"Most certainly.\" Beth's echoey voice was grave, her delicate features composed in a solemn expression. \"The spirits of evil-doers haunt this place as well.\" A shadow appeared before us and coalesced into the form of a decapitated man in Tudor dress with a ruff. He was holding his head which leered at us and dripped blood. Beth gave a little cry, but I was not afraid. Was I not a terror myself? \"Fool girl, who was never a bride and you, you foul witch, you know not your peril,\" echoed the cracked voice of a man from the decapitated head. \"You know not yours, because you are not ahead of us.\" I quipped. \"You were never the head of this household. You're a head short.\" \"Nicole...\" murmured Beth. \"Alright, let's not loose our heads,\" I urged as the evil spirit snarled at me. I started forwards and snatched his head from him and flung it into the air. He tried to retrieve his head by his psychic power, but mine was greater and I sent it whirling around the ceiling. On a whim, I conjured a basket ball hoop out of thin air and propelled the ghostly head through it. \"Slam dunk! Would you believe I'm an art teacher not a gym teacher?\" Exerting my will power again I crumpled the spook's head and his decapitated body into two little sphere's of light. \"Now beat it and never go around scaring people again. My dear Beth is sensitive.\" I hurled the evil spirit from us, but he was not banished from this plane. There was a malign enchantment on this place that bound the spirits to it. This would have to be looked into. \"There is a greater evil close by, a malign spirit more potent than that one,\" said Beth, stroking her cheek in an anxious way. \"I know, because he ended my life. I believe the wicked Kilnor told you of the rumours.\" I could not stand to see her agitated. I put my arms around her and she hugged me back - I could feel her gossamer grip. Her silky hair tickled my smooth green cheek. The surface of the Mask was sensitive although you might not think it. \"We'll get him, don't worry,\" I breathed. We turned from the main landing through a side passage and arrived at a door on which there was a gleaming plaque with the words \"Abaddon Room.\" The door swung open before me to reveal a room lit only by a glimmering blood red light. There was a leather armchair facing away from the door and two more doors in the far wall. \"The foul spirit is here,\" whispered Beth, \"I cannot enter.\" \"Fret not, dear Beth, I'll evict that nasty.\" I stepped over the threshold. A chilling voice sounded: \"so the hapless girl is inquisitive? Perhaps wanting to stay for some, shall we say... amusements?\" Suddenly the voice turned sharp. \"Wait! That cannot be our visitor, what are you?\" A man reared into view, tall and dark and swathed in a black cape lined with red velvet, his glaring black eyes seeming to gleam red in the bloody light, his lips drawn back to reveal impossibly sharp teeth, like those of a wolf... With my heightened senses I could feel a palpable aura of evil around him. \"She-Mask has guessed what you are,\" I declared, \"your bloodsucking nights are over.\" \"Slaves! Attack!\" Roared the vampire. One of the doors opposite swung open and a pair of rotting, shambling corpses shuffled forwards, desiccated skin stretched taught over their skulls, eyes lidless and staring, blackened lips drawn back to reveal rotted teeth... Without the Mask, I would have been overwhelmed by that horrible sight, but now I was imbued with unlimited self-confidence. \"An amusement of my own!\" I crooned. I envisioned how much I considered a spiderweb to be a work of art with intricate threads and laces. Silken strands of webbing shot out of my fingertips and ensnared the zombies which collapsed, thrashing in the sticky strands, becoming entangled tighter and tighter. \"Now you know what is at stake!\" I said chuckling my low, husky chuckle. And with that I snatched a long wooden stake out of thin air. The point was exceedingly sharp - the very tip whittled down to just one molecule. The head of the stake was shaped to resemble the bald green head of the She-Mask - me - complete with the detail of my broad, toothy grin. The vampire glared at me with an intense glare. I sensed he was attempting some kind of hypnosis, but I contemptuously waved it away. \"You have to get up earlier in the night to try mind games with me.\" I lunged faster than the human eye could measure and grasped at him as he attempted to disappear. The vampire thrashed in my grip and I willed my body to become iron. Now my grip was literally iron he could not break free and attempted ineffectually to bite me. \"Don't bust your teeth,\" I urged and held him down and lifted the stake. \"Hmm... I get to use one of these...\" I plunged the point into his chest, piercing his shrivelled black heart and he gave a blood curdling roar. Instantly, his illusion of himself as a tall and dark man was gone to reveal his batlike undead form which crumbled as I held it down until there was nothing left, but blackened bones. The zombies in the web ceased to struggle. The zombification spell was broken too. The blood red glimmering light went out. I stood and willed a glowing sphere of silvery light into being. \"Come in Beth, it's quite safe,\" I called. Beth drifted over the threshold her pale transparent hands clasped. \"Thank all the powers of goodness! You have killed the monster. But my spirit cannot rest until the evil spell of this house is ended as well. There are prisoners in the cells beneath the house. We must free them first.\" I followed Beth as she floated through the other door in the far wall and down two staircases until we arrived in a dingy, musty smelling bare stone passage which opened out into a wide, bare stone room lined with four cells. One was empty, clearly intended for me, but the other three had occupants. One prisoner was a pretty young woman in a grimy nurse's uniform, with shoulder length blond hair, her cheeks streaked with grime and tears. As we entered she screamed at us, begging to be released. The second cell contained a calm elderly lady who had maintained a sense of quiet dignity even despite her predicament and the third a red headed boy with a strikingly handsome, freckled face that immediately caught my attention. I beamed at him - that wide toothy grin again. I have a weakness for very handsome red headed boys, as you know, but She-Mask does not have any inhibitions about it. \"The witching hour approaches, handsome,\" I purred, \"want to work some magic?\" \"Nicole, please focus.\" Beth was hovering anxiously by my elbow. \"Ah well, I had better get rid of the Devil-Worshippers first,\" I conceded and snapped my fingers. The cell doors all swung open. The blond girl rushed forwards, throwing her arms around me and sobbing incoherent thanks. I put an arm round her as the lady and the red headed boy stepped forwards cautiously. \"My thanks to you Miss,\" said the lady, \"we are forever in your debt.\" \"Aw come on, make it a group hug,\" I urged and my arms extended to a shocking length as though they were elastic and wrapped around Beth and the three erstwhile prisoners. \"How about kissing me as thanks?\" I said in a stage whisper to the red headed boy whose freckled cheeks flushed pink and he quickly brushed his lips against my cheek. I grew excited at his touch, but knew there was work to be done. I stood proudly, gazing at them through the eye holes in the Mask. \"I am She-Mask and the ethereal lady is the lovely Beth.\" \"Lilly,\" said the blond nurse still sniffing. \"Lady Brewster and I thank you.\" \"Ralph,\" the red headed boy was still gazing at me in astonishment. With the Mask on I wouldn't win any beauty contest. \"Now to get you out of here while I settle the score with Kilnor-\" I declared, but was interrupted by the arrival of four men in red robes with masks of their own - fashioned from the heads of dead goats - who rushed into the stone room brandishing knives. The Lilly gave a shriek and Lady Danvers and Ralph moved to stand behind me. \"Oh go to Hell, devil-worshippers,\" I said exasperated and immediately transformed into a living whirlwind, tearing about the stone room and knocking the evil cultists down like ninepins. Very soon, the four of them were locked in the cells. \"See how you like it.\" Beth beckoned. \"We must make haste. The Master can only be challenged in the Red Room, to symbolise a battle taking place in Hell, but we must get these three out of the way first.\" I linked arms with Ralph as Beth led the way along the damp stone passageways, Lilly and Lady Danvers following. \"This is not really my kind of scene,\" I whispered huskily to Ralph, \"the devil-worshippers are creeps. I can tell it's not your scene either, Ralph dear. If you were wondering how to thank me properly, don't worry - we can go somewhere private when all this is over.\" \"She-Mask - you are - you are a super-heroine?\" said Ralph gazing at me, his green eyes wide. \"Yes and you can be my side-kick. Beth is sweet and all, but I crave male company - of the right sort.\" We reached a flight of worn, stone steps and followed Beth up to the ground floor. Back by the front door. I pointed at Beth's portrait. \"You are as beautiful as your painting, sweetie. You would be an excellent art class model. When this is all over, that could be a way you can thank me.\" I turned to the others. \"Isn't she beautiful, like an oil painting?\" \"Indeed,\" said Lady Brewster gravely. \"She is,\" said Lilly sniffling. \"Absolutely,\" said Ralph. \"Well she is a beauty who catches your attention,\" I said, but I could not conceal my feelings. She-Mask wears her innermost desires on my sleeve and now tears sprang to my eyes. \"Nicole is beautiful too and she can show you later, but now we must focus,\" said Beth and glided over to the front door. Of course I had to focus on the task at hand. The door was probably locked, but that never stopped She-Mask... When I grasped the handle I felt an electric shock - the door was boobytrapped to prevent escape, but of course it could not work against me any more. \"Feels like a tickle,\" I observed and pushed the door open without effort. A devil-worshipper stood in the front porch, his mask fashioned from the head of a dead goat dripped animal blood and the dead eyes stared vacantly upwards. Lilly screamed again, but I knew I could handle things. \"I have one Hell of a fist,\" I boasted and gave him such a punch that he reeled and fell. In a trice, I had tied him up with more gossamer strands. I ushered my friends out onto the drive and led them away from the house, into the seclusion of an old copse. \"Look after them,\" I told lady Danvers and sped back to the horrible house in whirlwind form, Beth gliding alongside me, through the front door and then to the door of the dining room. \"This can only be the Red Room. I remember the horrible decor,\" I mused, \"offensive to any artist.\" \"Indeed,\" said Beth gravely, \"the Master can only be summoned to this room.\" The door was locked but I kicked it open and rang the bell on the wall. \"If Kilnor doesn't come quick, I'll find him and drag him here.\" Two minutes later, Franklins the Butler came hurrying into the room and gave a start at the sight of us. \"I - I-\" he stammered, glancing wildly from me to Beth. What a sight we must have presented! \"Don't repeat an alphabetical letter at me, old boy,\" I said sternly, \"I got enough nonsense from my students. Fetch Kilnor now.\" He nodded. \"Right away, Miss\" and then hurried off. Ten minutes later Kilnor stormed in. His cold eyes registered astonishment for a split second. \"What manner of sorcerous trickery is this? No lowly succubus is welcome here. I prepare the way for the demons of Hellfire!\" \"On the contrary, this sexy succubus will stop your sick schemes.\" The Earl pulled a knife with a skull shaped handle and brandished it, but I conjured more webbing and wrapped it around him, trussing him up like a turkey. Franklins backed into a corner. \"Franklins! Move in Man!\" Screamed Kilnor as he lay bound on the floor. \"Step up and attack!\" Franklins shook his head. Obviously he was not the aggressive type. \"Why you could be as smart as Jeeves,\" I told him nodding in approval. \"Wait...\" I sensed something wrong. An aura of terrible evil wrapped itself around Franklins... Beth gave a little cry and Franklins began to yell... Steam billowed around him as his human shell dissolved. Horns cracked through his skull, his form grew and distorted. Now the horror that stood before me was a true demon with scaly red skin and a gaping maw with jagged fangs. Its terrible eyes glimmered with a baleful light. \"Hail, your infernal eminence,\" called the Earl from the floor. \"Oh Nicole... the Earl is not the Master... this is the Master!\" whispered Beth. \"You summoned Franklins, you didn't summon the Earl directly.\" \"I'll handle it, but keep well back,\" I urged and spun into a living whirlwind again, casting bolts of lightning at the horror with all the force I could muster. But it appeared to have no effect. The demon breathed a gout of fire at me, but I willed myself to transmute into an indestructible crystal and my body became hard and gleaming white. The fires were deflected away from my crystalline form and then I willed my forearms to morph into machine guns and sprayed the horror with a hail of bullets. These had no effect either and it charged me down with terrible force, knocking me to the floor and trampling me with its cloven hooves, even though I was struggling through an effort of will to get back on my feet. For once, She-Mask could not do exactly as she wished. \"Your toys are useless against the infernal Master,\" gloated the irrepressible Earl, still on the floor. I willed my crystalline form to sprout sharp spikes, but the demon merely bellowed and continued to trample me, frustrated that I would not crack. \"Nicole, the only weapon I know of that can slay a demon is an angelic sword, but can you conjure one?\" cried Beth from across the room. I had seen a painting of such a thing... the painting of an angel who guided a skilled weaponsmith in fashioning a sword from Earthly metals that would be potent enough to smite a demon... I had admired the fine brushstrokes that appeared to make the blade gleam with an icy white shine like pure platinum... I envisioned it now as I had when I admired the artwork and wondered how I could paint something similar. And low and behold, I now held such a blad in my crystalline grasp. I struck at the fiend's leg and pierced the sinews behind its mighty knee. It bellowed and stumbled and I got to my feet. It tried to lunge at me, but swifter than the eye could see, I dodged and then as it tried to clutch me with its talons, I drove the point of that sword into its foul, black heart. The demon bellowed and flailed as the killing blow struck, knocking the chandelier, causing candles to fall everywhere. \"NOO!\" yelled Kilnor, but I knew we had to get out of there... The demon's carcass burst into flames that could not be stopped and the fire was spreading. How fitting that this terrible place would be purged with hellfire. I grabbed Kilnor and beckoned to Beth to follow. Smoke was billowing from the Red Room as we left through the front door. We sped over to the copse where Lilly, Ralph and Lady Brewster all waited and I dumped Kilnor onto the ground. Lilly and Ralph stared wide eyed, but Lady Brewster gave a nod of satisfaction. \"The Master... defeated... what does it mean...?\" he gibbered. \"It means you can work it out for yourself, in jail,\" I growled. I conjured a mobile phone out of thin air and handed it to Lady Danvers to make a call to the police. Soon the House of Drumer would be beyond rescue. But there was one matter that was troubling me... \"Ralph... do you think I'm beautiful...?\" I pulled at the huge, green mask and it shrivelled in my grasp, becoming wood once more. With a gasp I pulled it from my face and stood there panting. I was back in the clothes I had worn the previous day, with those awkward heels. My blond hair was all dishevelled and I felt as exhausted as if I had just run a marathon. \"She-Mask... you really are beautiful,\" said Ralph. I blushed. I felt awkward for how I had flirted with him. \"A succubus... she'll steal your children...\" grated Kilnor. The webbing was still there, binding him fast. \"Oh quieten down, you dreadful man,\" said Lady Brewster. \"This girl is a heroine.\" \"Listen Ralph, I only put on the Mask tonight because there was no other option. I don't want to do it again. I think we should all be friends, but not super-heroines or sidekicks or anything like that...\" As She-Mask I knew I had a weakness for teenaged partners and was resolute that I would not indulge it. \"The curse of Drumer is broken!\" said Beth, \"now I leave this Earthly plane. Remember me, always...\" she glowed with a beautiful blue light and dissolved into a shining sphere which flew upwards to the sky. I felt a painful mixture of joy and sadness as I witness her ascension and was aware of tears sliding down my face. Ralph and Lilly comforted me, but I did not initiate this group hug. Eventually the police arrived to lead Kilnor away. He ranted about how I was an infernal succubus, but they assumed he was delusional. Lady Brewster rewarded me richly for rescuing her and as you can see, Lottie and I are much better off than we were. Thus ended She-Mask's second story.[Chapter 7] Night of the Spirit Stalker So this was it. Jack was taking his daughter back home... for the first time ever. Her auburn hair rippled and bounced as she trotted along beside him, chatting constantly. He lived on a council estate where every building had been designed as social housing, although the one bedroom flats in the block he lived in were now all privately owned. He lived right at the top. \"These stairs are steep,\" he commented as Lottie went ahead of him, her bright hair glinting in the dim electric lighting of the stairwell. \"Good for keeping fit,\" she agreed. Lottie beamed as she glanced around the small flat. \"Well isn't this nice and tidy?\" The floors were indeed all clear and the starlight lamp on the ceiling of the main room lit everything with the faintest silvery glow ... Jack had wondered if the lady who previously owned the flat had been ugly and kept the lighting dim for when she brought home a date. Jack wasn't sure how to tell her that his mother had visited recently and had demanded that everything be spotless beforehand. \"Listen, I can sleep on the couch tonight and I've got some pink sheets from Primark for the bed. There isn't a lot to do in the flat unless you like reading or surfing the net. I don't keep a TV.\" \"Who needs TV? We have our art. I've been dreaming about when I would get to show my dad my art. Art is in my blood. Supernatural art is in my blood.\" Well yes. Knowing who her mother was, Jack had to agree. Lottie opened her case and removed a carved wooden mask. Jack peered at it, but it was not the Mask. \"I was trying to recreate it, but no success yet. Don't I have the right to be able to turn my face green?\" Lottie stroked her long red hair pensively. Jack wasn't entirely sure how to respond. Lottie laid her hand on his arm gently, as she did now when she wanted to reassure him. \"It's part of finding myself, dad. You are my father, but is my mother Mum, or the She-Mask? Mum gave birth to me, but She-Mask conceived me.\" \"I wish I could answer,\" said Jack. He had been an outsider for his daughter's whole life. But they would live together and he would grow to understand her. He noticed that her suitcases also contained sketches. \"I'm glad to see Nicole's been teaching you her art – she shouldn't stint on that,\" he said, glad to change the subject. \"Like them?\" Lottie picked up one of the sketches. It was a remarkably detailed and 3D looking depiction of an ugly marionette with wide eyes. The marionette depicted had been carved to resemble a young character – a mere boy. \"This is pirate Pugsley.\" Lottie stroked her cheek pensively as Jack himself tended to do when deep in thought. \"This all requires some explanation. When I was little I watched a puppet show called Pirate Place about a little girl named Jenny who went to the shore and was friends with pirates – especially the cowardly pirate Pugsley.\" \"So he was a buffoon of a pirate, like Captain Pugwash?\" suggested Jack. \"Yes, but the show was creepy… Pugsley's ship, the Laughing Clown, had a huge clown face and it would tell Pugsley in a weird booming voice \"you have to go inside ,\" like when he was too afraid to go into a cave to find treasure.\" Lottie tried to make her voice sound gruff when mimicking this ship, but girls are never very good at that. \"Hmm. Odd.\" \"And then it took a really dark turn. The villain in the first episode had been another puppet called Billy the Baddie, but in the second episode he conjured up a demon called \"the Spirit Stalker.\" The Spirit Stalker marionette was a skeleton with huge glassy eyes which stared straight at the camera and threatened to summon other followers of Hellfire and in his grinding voice he chanted: \"down in the cove where no one can ever reach, they'll find your remains scattered on the beach.\" At that point Mum came and asked why I was watching static. She couldn't see anything on the screen. She got agitated when I tried to tell her what was on the screen. She unplugged the TV and wouldn't allow one in the house anymore. She was white as a sheet and trembling.\" \"It sounds like something supernatural,\" said Jack, \"I wonder why only you could see it. Perhaps you have She-Mask vision.\" \"Perhaps,\" said Lottie with a small smile. She held up the sketch. \"And this is Pugsley as I knew him. Puppet or weird vision, whichever he really was.\" That evening they went for fish and chips at the chip shop across the road – Jack couldn't actually cook. As they ate, Jack's computer, which remained switched on, began to make a weird buzzing noise. Lottie looked up startled and brushed her hair away from her face, gazing at the screen. \"Would you believe it? It's Pugsley!\" Jack looked at the screen, but saw nothing apart from the screensaver. Lottie started forwards and grabbed at the screen and Jack gave a start as she dragged a marionette clean from the machine! It was an ugly and dirty marionette and appeared to have been cobbled together from bits of broken dolls. \"Lottie old pal,\" it squeaked in a grating, high pitched voice, \"so good to see you again and to see the woman you've become. But I'm very afraid…\" \"What's new, Pugsley?\" Giggled Lottie, \"so good you haven't changed.\" It was just as well that Jack had had an intimate encounter with the supernatural before. Seeing Pugsley didn't startle him in the least. \"Meet my dad, Pugsley,\" said Lottie, beaming and gesturing towards Jack. \"Good to see you, sir,\" said Pugsley, doing a funny little curtsey, \"but we are all in the gravest danger; the Spirit Stalker has arisen and brought other minions of Hellfire with him.\" \"What?\" Lottie turned pale. \"I have tried to communicate with you before, Lottie. You can get your mother to save us.\" The Spirit Stalker had indeed risen that night. In a dark sub basement on the estate, ghostly glowing bones materialised, hurtling themselves together to form the a skeleton with terrible ghostly eyes. \"Arisssse Disciplesss of Hellfire!\" From the shadows, they materialised. \"Dissccciple Fear…\" hissed the Spirit Stalker. The shadows around coalesced to form the outline of a man dressed in black armour with a long black cape. \"Dissciple Fire…\" infernal flames erupted in the dark stone chamber, forming the outline of a skeleton that burned with ethereal flame and wielded a red hot trident. \"Dissciple Mortissss…\" More bones hurtled together, these ones the sickly grey hue of decay, to form a giant rat skeleton. \"Tonight we rissssse,\" hissed the Spirit Stalker. \"We rissssssse… to bring about the end of all things mortal.\" In one of the communal areas a party to celebrate the blocks anniversary was taking place. It was a lukewarm affair thus far. Brenda, the unofficial head of the block was trying to encourage the other attendees to make an effort. But then the door was flung open. \"A gatecrasher?\" she wondered aloud. But there was a glowing skeleton silhouetted in the doorway. \"Greetingssssss,\" hissed the Spirit Stalker. \"Your crime isss life… the ssentenccce iss death!\" At that he reached out for Brenda and his ghostly claws seemed to phase through her. She gave a little cry and then her eyes rolled upwards as her heart stopped and she slid limply to the ground. \"Run!\" screamed a resident. \"You cannot run, mortal,\" hissed Mortis, appearing beside him. The grotesque rat skeleton tore into him with filthy talons and his body rotted and putrefied there and then, the eyeballs shrivelling, the flesh desiccating around the skull in mere moments. The crowd of party goers rushed for the door, but as they stampeded out, a skeleton blazing with ethereal fire appeared wielding a trident. \"You cannot run mortalsss… you cannot hide!\" he hissed and pointing his trident at the oncoming masses, shot balls of burning flame at them. \"There was a straggler left behind who was not incinerated. He lolled against the wall, so inebriated he could barely stand. \"Thissh party's going with a bang. Isn't that right?\" He turned to the man beside him, a shadowy figure all in black armour with a black helmet complete with visor. The armoured figure gripped his shoulders. \"Gazzze into the facce of Fear!\" he hissed and his visor swung open. What the drunk saw when the visor swung aside caused his eyes to bulge and his mouth to open in a silent scream that never came… The fright was too much for him and his heart stopped. Back in the flat, Lottie picked up the phone and dialled for Nicole. \"Come on, pick up…\" her voice trembled. \"Mum…\" \"Lottie, darling, are you alright? Where are you?\" Nicole could hear in her daughter's tone that something was wrong. \"In the flat with Jack. You should get around here right away. We've reason to believe we've been visited by more strange minions of Hellfire. And you have dealt with their kind before.\" Before she received this call, Nicole had been reflecting on how Lottie now wanted to live with Jack. She didn't blame Lottie – she was the one at fault… but it was hard to receive such blame from her red headed angel. The one she loved most. A blessing to balance the curse of her having been a succubus. And yet she had wronged her sweet Lottie, never letting her know her father. Not to mention she had wronged Jack as well. Her lips quivered and tears shone in her eyes. And then she received the call from Lottie – Devil Worshippers had invaded Jack's estate and her Lottie was there! Nicole's blood ran cold, the sour taste of fear in her mouth. \"Don't move! I'm coming right away.\" So it had come to this. In a turmoil of anxiety, her heart fluttering, Nicole took out the Mask. If there were more Devil-Worshippers then there was nothing she could do, but plenty She-Mask could do. There was no help for it. She hastily unlocked the drawer in which the mask lay, fumbling with the keys in a state of near panic and almost dropping them. She picked up the mask and gazed for a split second at the inside of it which appeared to shimmer with opalescent lights of its own. Her heart beat even faster. \"Goodbye,\" she murmured, glancing at her pale reflexion in the mirror and jammed the Mask on her face. A terrible jolt shocked through her entire body and she felt herself spinning harder and faster until she was sick. The Mask was squeezing her head hard, so hard. It had been painful when she was young and now it was a real strain, the pain and the spinning. But then she felt another jolt and energy coursed through her anew. She had not felt so much energy since her youth. Once again anything was possible, why shouldn't it be? Her inhibitions seemed to melt away. She spun faster and faster and then skidded to a halt. \"Why hellooo…\" she purred, grinning at the mirror. Her face whole head was once again smooth, round, bright green and completely bald. Her face was concealed by a very thick layer of green rubber. She was now clad in tight fitting leather armour that showed off all her curves – just as curvy as she had been when she put on the Mask as a mere girl. But there was no time to be lost. Her darling Lottie was in danger. Those foolish Devil-Worshippers never learned not to bring down the wrath of the She-Mask on themselves. Nicole swirled into her whirlwind form and tore across the city, to the estate on the outskirts of London where Jack was, up the stairs and then into the apartment. Jack and Lottie gave a gasp as she burst into the flat. Jack was older now and he had a few grey hairs, but his face looked as strong and handsome as before, even though his skin was not so lustrous as when he was a boy. But she must remember what she was there for. Lottie came towards her, eyes wide. \"Mum?\" \"You can recognise her?\" Said Jack in a tone of surprise. \"Of course, I'd recognise my own mother's eyes.\" Nicole felt an upsurge of affection for her daughter. She-Mask was always spontaneous. She flung her arms around Lottie and hugged and kissed her. \"Mummy's here, everything's safe now.\" She breathed. Then she grinned over Lottie's shoulder at Jack. \"Hey there, hot stuff, it's been too long since we \"met.\"\" Lottie gripped her mother's shoulders, gazing into her eyes. \"Listen, Mum, remember that time when I was little and told you I watched a show called Pirate Place and you said it was just static on the screen… well one of the characters was trying to warn me… him, on the floor!\" There was an ugly marionette on the floor. What a kitschy thing, made from broken dolls. Nicole had to tut tut at such bad artistry. With her heightened senses, she could feel a ghostly aura around it. It twitched and stood. \"Hullo there, little spook,\" she said subjecting it to her intense gaze, \"did you bring the warning.\" \"Yes, Mistress of the Night. The Spirit Stalker is here and he has brought his three vile lieutenants. They are very close now. Argh! One is here.\" \"Greetingssssssss\"…. That bloodcurdling hiss was a huge man in black armour with a swirling black cape who had appeared in the doorway, his shadow looming over them. \"I am Dissciple Fear… you mussst all die.\"[Chapter 8] The Night of the She-Mask Nicole could sense the fiend's intent. Evil radiated from him very strongly. This was the ghost of an evil-doer who had hated others so much in life that he had found a way to come back in order to re-enact his crimes as a ghost. The undead form he wore was held together by the strength of the spirit's will. And a terrible power emanated from him – probably granted to him by a diabolical force. The ability to instill mortal fear at a glance. Nicole snapped her fingers and in obedience to her will, blindfolds appeared out of thin air, wrapping themselves around Jack and Lottie's eyes. Fear's visor swung open. \"Gazzzze into the faccccce of Fear, foul succubussssss.\" For a split second Nicole stood transfixed at the vision of evil beneath the visor. The gaze of Fear would have overwhelmed any ordinary woman… but She-Mask was no ordinary woman. She shook off the spell. \"Gaze into the fist of She-Mask, foul spook!\" A metal gauntlet appeared on her right hand and she swung it into Fear's helmet with such terrific force, that she punched clean through the metal. The fiend staggered back. Nicole conjured a flamethrower out of thin air and carefully directing the stream of flame with her will power, doused the terrible figure in black armour, willing a force-field around his undead form so that it compressed and fell to ashes as the flames went out. A dark shadow arose from the charred remains of Fear. The evil spirit could not be so easily destroyed as his physical form. The spirit form of Fear glided out of the doorway, frantically communicating to his comrades: \"There is a witch of the night here… the vile harridan issss too powerful…\" \"Stay here, my lovelies, and you too little spook, do not follow me – I will face the other horrors!\" Nicole ordered them. \"Don't worry, I'm not going after them, the other three are so much stronger than Fear was!\" Squeaked Pugsley, diving under the table. \"Wait, Mum, it's too dangerous!\" wailed Lottie starting forward, but Jack restrained her, a hand on each shoulder. With a whoosh, Nicole swirled into a whirlwind and pursued the evil spirit across the estate, following the trail of his vile, twisted thoughts that hung in the air like a putrid stench. \"Mum, don't go, I need you – I love you too much…!\" Lottie's anxious calling after her was balm to Nicole's soul. Meanwhile a neighbourhood watch had gathered on the estate's central lawn in response to the arrival of the evil spirits. Mike, one of Jack's neighbours who had been a brigadier, called together the other ex-military personnel – a small group of elderly men who knew how to use guns and issued them with fire arms. Then he stood and boomed in his stentorian voice for the remaining three Dark Disciples to come out of the smouldering ruin of the party hall. \"Surrender and no one need be hurt!\" Called Mike. \"What fun would that be, ssssssoldier?\" Hissed the Spirit Stalker as he emerged into the night, a glowing skeleton, flanked by the burning bones of Disciple Fire on his right and the livid grey rodent skeleton of Mortis on his left. The soldiers murmured in terror at the horrifying sight of the spectral skeletons. \"Demons… evil spirits…\" Fire lifted a trident and directed a stream of fire at Mike, incinerating him. The old soldiers fired at the terrible trio of skeletons. The Spirit Stalker plucked a bullet from the air. \"That issssss my kind of greeting gift. Sssssomething deadly. But it'sssss not deadly enough!\" The skeletons advanced towards the old men, who fired again, but their bullets had no effect. Fire and Mortis both caused the ground to wither beneath their clawed feet. \"The crime isssss life,\" hissed the Spirit Stalker, snatching the gun from one of the soldiers, \"the ssssentencce iss death!\" \"Oh no you don't!\" growled a husky female voice, as a sparkling green whirlwind shot up to the lawn, careening into the Spirit Stalker and sending him staggering back. Nicole ground to a halt, standing between the men and the skeletons, spreading out her arms protectively. \"Are you help, miss?\" asked one of them. \"Call me She-Mask. I have beaten their kind before.\" \"A sssuccubuss?\" Hissed the Spirit Stalker. \"Nothing that can withssstand hellfire!\" hissed Fire and sent a stream of ethereal flames at Nicole. But it had no effect, for she had transformed herself into a brilliantly white fireproof crystal, just as she had when fighting the demon in the house of hell all those years ago. \"I bet you're nothing that could withstand concrete!\" Nicole raised her shining arms and a barrage of concrete blocks rained down on Fire. Nicole pointed at Mortis and the Spirit Stalker and bolts of blue lighting flashed from her crystalline arms and struck them, sending them reeling back causing rents in their skeletal frames. \"The witch can hurt ussss. We cannot win, we mussst flee, until another time,\" hissed the Spirit Stalker as Fire, with difficulty unearthed himself from the concrete. The Spirit Stalker drew a circle in the air and a dark hole appeared. The spirit of Fear arrived and wrapped itself around him. \" Take meeee…. \" The skeletons leapt through the portal to their own realm, but Nicole knew that she couldn't let them go free or they could return and strike back at any time. She had to finish it now. Quick as lightning she dived through the hole after them. The world Nicole arrived in was like a scene from a nightmare. A dark stormy sky, an endless stony beach with rocky cliffs and the constant crashing of the sea… and the whole shore strewn with bones and skulls. It would have been overwhelming to her before she put on the Mask. And even now she felt trepidation. How much stronger would her enemies be on their own turf? With a rising sense of horror she felt the psychic echoes of the dead on the beaches. Victims of the evil spirits now calling to her… \"we didn't deserve to die… help us Nicole… \" So many of them. It was upsetting. \"Tell me, what can I do?\" she asked, her husky She-Mask voice uncharacteristically distressed. \"Down in the cove where no one ever goessss… we'll grind your skin and make it into clothesss!\" The hiss was Disciple Mortis. The Spirit Stalker loomed into sight, once more with Fire at his right and Mortis at his left and the foul spirit of Fear hovered about him. \"Are you ssso reckless, witch?\" hissed the Spirit Stalker. \"Thisss isss our own realm. Here we can crush your mind…\" Nicole reeled as four blasts of pure malevolence struck her. She reverted to her usual She-Mask form, but now she was overwhelmed. In this weird netherworld the foul foursome were so much stronger! \" Afraid now ?\" hissed Fear. \" We can ssssquezzzzzzzzze your ssoul until it bleeds .\" Nicole felt as though her mind was trapped within a vice. She fell to her knees as she felt her consciousness beset by their evil clamouring. She tried to think of Lottie, who she loved most of all, concentrating on her daughter's porcelain white face and felt a warm glow of love and her head began to clear. The shades on the beach called to her more strongly as she clutched at the shore strewn with their bones and suddenly she knew what to do. She let their energy flow through her. Their voices now found an outlet, channeling through She-Mask. She looked up, her eyes burning with the fire of countless souls now given a voice through her! \" Let the four fiends be judged! \" The Spirit Stalker's jaw dropped and his glassy eyes swiveled about in dismay as the myriad voices beset him. \" The crime was murder! The sentence is death! \" \"Death!\" The Spirit Stalker's glassy eyes swiveled upwards as he roared and staggered at the force of ten thousand spirits blasting him with psychic bolts. Fire's flames flickered and went out. Mortis trembled, his rodent bones clattering. The spirit of Fear writhed… And then as all four evil spirits were extinguished the undead forms of Fire, Mortis and the Spirit Stalker all crumbled. The spirits flowing through Nicole spoke to her. \" Thank you for avenging us. We can now rest in peace. We are sorry for what the strain meant. \" Nicole stood up. \"Sorry dears, I don't follow.\" \"The Mask that empowers you… channeling all that psychic force fused it to your face. You can never take it off.\" Nicole touched her bright green face. \"Ah well, I'm a bit green in the cheeks. But I won't lose sight of what's important. I'm glad I realised it. I have my family to go back to.\" \"Then go, before the portal closes. Be safe and happy. Our blessings be upon you.\" Nicole felt uplifted and full of good cheer as the spirits all blessed her and with renewed vigor, she dived back through the portal and onto the grassy lawn on the estate. The residents all exclaimed in wonder as she emerged and did a somersault, landing on her feet. The portal closed behind her. \"I've won, darlings!\" She called. \"Three cheers for the She-Mask!\" exclaimed one of the soldiers. As they cheered her, Nicole beamed, her toothy grin splitting her bright green face. At this moment of triumph, the fact that she would always be masked and could never get her old face back did not worry her.","LastChapter":"The Night of the She-Mask Nicole could sense the fiend's intent. Evil radiated from him very strongly. This was the ghost of an evil-doer who had hated others so much in life that he had found a way to come back in order to re-enact his crimes as a ghost. The undead form he wore was held together by the strength of the spirit's will. And a terrible power emanated from him – probably granted to him by a diabolical force. The ability to instill mortal fear at a glance. Nicole snapped her fingers and in obedience to her will, blindfolds appeared out of thin air, wrapping themselves around Jack and Lottie's eyes. Fear's visor swung open. \"Gazzzze into the faccccce of Fear, foul succubussssss.\" For a split second Nicole stood transfixed at the vision of evil beneath the visor. The gaze of Fear would have overwhelmed any ordinary woman… but She-Mask was no ordinary woman. She shook off the spell. \"Gaze into the fist of She-Mask, foul spook!\" A metal gauntlet appeared on her right hand and she swung it into Fear's helmet with such terrific force, that she punched clean through the metal. The fiend staggered back. Nicole conjured a flamethrower out of thin air and carefully directing the stream of flame with her will power, doused the terrible figure in black armour, willing a force-field around his undead form so that it compressed and fell to ashes as the flames went out. A dark shadow arose from the charred remains of Fear. The evil spirit could not be so easily destroyed as his physical form. The spirit form of Fear glided out of the doorway, frantically communicating to his comrades: \"There is a witch of the night here… the vile harridan issss too powerful…\" \"Stay here, my lovelies, and you too little spook, do not follow me – I will face the other horrors!\" Nicole ordered them. \"Don't worry, I'm not going after them, the other three are so much stronger than Fear was!\" Squeaked Pugsley, diving under the table. \"Wait, Mum, it's too dangerous!\" wailed Lottie starting forward, but Jack restrained her, a hand on each shoulder. With a whoosh, Nicole swirled into a whirlwind and pursued the evil spirit across the estate, following the trail of his vile, twisted thoughts that hung in the air like a putrid stench. \"Mum, don't go, I need you – I love you too much…!\" Lottie's anxious calling after her was balm to Nicole's soul. Meanwhile a neighbourhood watch had gathered on the estate's central lawn in response to the arrival of the evil spirits. Mike, one of Jack's neighbours who had been a brigadier, called together the other ex-military personnel – a small group of elderly men who knew how to use guns and issued them with fire arms. Then he stood and boomed in his stentorian voice for the remaining three Dark Disciples to come out of the smouldering ruin of the party hall. \"Surrender and no one need be hurt!\" Called Mike. \"What fun would that be, ssssssoldier?\" Hissed the Spirit Stalker as he emerged into the night, a glowing skeleton, flanked by the burning bones of Disciple Fire on his right and the livid grey rodent skeleton of Mortis on his left. The soldiers murmured in terror at the horrifying sight of the spectral skeletons. \"Demons… evil spirits…\" Fire lifted a trident and directed a stream of fire at Mike, incinerating him. The old soldiers fired at the terrible trio of skeletons. The Spirit Stalker plucked a bullet from the air. \"That issssss my kind of greeting gift. Sssssomething deadly. But it'sssss not deadly enough!\" The skeletons advanced towards the old men, who fired again, but their bullets had no effect. Fire and Mortis both caused the ground to wither beneath their clawed feet. \"The crime isssss life,\" hissed the Spirit Stalker, snatching the gun from one of the soldiers, \"the ssssentencce iss death!\" \"Oh no you don't!\" growled a husky female voice, as a sparkling green whirlwind shot up to the lawn, careening into the Spirit Stalker and sending him staggering back. Nicole ground to a halt, standing between the men and the skeletons, spreading out her arms protectively. \"Are you help, miss?\" asked one of them. \"Call me She-Mask. I have beaten their kind before.\" \"A sssuccubuss?\" Hissed the Spirit Stalker. \"Nothing that can withssstand hellfire!\" hissed Fire and sent a stream of ethereal flames at Nicole. But it had no effect, for she had transformed herself into a brilliantly white fireproof crystal, just as she had when fighting the demon in the house of hell all those years ago. \"I bet you're nothing that could withstand concrete!\" Nicole raised her shining arms and a barrage of concrete blocks rained down on Fire. Nicole pointed at Mortis and the Spirit Stalker and bolts of blue lighting flashed from her crystalline arms and struck them, sending them reeling back causing rents in their skeletal frames. \"The witch can hurt ussss. We cannot win, we mussst flee, until another time,\" hissed the Spirit Stalker as Fire, with difficulty unearthed himself from the concrete. The Spirit Stalker drew a circle in the air and a dark hole appeared. The spirit of Fear arrived and wrapped itself around him. \" Take meeee…. \" The skeletons leapt through the portal to their own realm, but Nicole knew that she couldn't let them go free or they could return and strike back at any time. She had to finish it now. Quick as lightning she dived through the hole after them. The world Nicole arrived in was like a scene from a nightmare. A dark stormy sky, an endless stony beach with rocky cliffs and the constant crashing of the sea… and the whole shore strewn with bones and skulls. It would have been overwhelming to her before she put on the Mask. And even now she felt trepidation. How much stronger would her enemies be on their own turf? With a rising sense of horror she felt the psychic echoes of the dead on the beaches. Victims of the evil spirits now calling to her… \"we didn't deserve to die… help us Nicole… \" So many of them. It was upsetting. \"Tell me, what can I do?\" she asked, her husky She-Mask voice uncharacteristically distressed. \"Down in the cove where no one ever goessss… we'll grind your skin and make it into clothesss!\" The hiss was Disciple Mortis. The Spirit Stalker loomed into sight, once more with Fire at his right and Mortis at his left and the foul spirit of Fear hovered about him. \"Are you ssso reckless, witch?\" hissed the Spirit Stalker. \"Thisss isss our own realm. Here we can crush your mind…\" Nicole reeled as four blasts of pure malevolence struck her. She reverted to her usual She-Mask form, but now she was overwhelmed. In this weird netherworld the foul foursome were so much stronger! \" Afraid now ?\" hissed Fear. \" We can ssssquezzzzzzzzze your ssoul until it bleeds .\" Nicole felt as though her mind was trapped within a vice. She fell to her knees as she felt her consciousness beset by their evil clamouring. She tried to think of Lottie, who she loved most of all, concentrating on her daughter's porcelain white face and felt a warm glow of love and her head began to clear. The shades on the beach called to her more strongly as she clutched at the shore strewn with their bones and suddenly she knew what to do. She let their energy flow through her. Their voices now found an outlet, channeling through She-Mask. She looked up, her eyes burning with the fire of countless souls now given a voice through her! \" Let the four fiends be judged! \" The Spirit Stalker's jaw dropped and his glassy eyes swiveled about in dismay as the myriad voices beset him. \" The crime was murder! The sentence is death! \" \"Death!\" The Spirit Stalker's glassy eyes swiveled upwards as he roared and staggered at the force of ten thousand spirits blasting him with psychic bolts. Fire's flames flickered and went out. Mortis trembled, his rodent bones clattering. The spirit of Fear writhed… And then as all four evil spirits were extinguished the undead forms of Fire, Mortis and the Spirit Stalker all crumbled. The spirits flowing through Nicole spoke to her. \" Thank you for avenging us. We can now rest in peace. We are sorry for what the strain meant. \" Nicole stood up. \"Sorry dears, I don't follow.\" \"The Mask that empowers you… channeling all that psychic force fused it to your face. You can never take it off.\" Nicole touched her bright green face. \"Ah well, I'm a bit green in the cheeks. But I won't lose sight of what's important. I'm glad I realised it. I have my family to go back to.\" \"Then go, before the portal closes. Be safe and happy. Our blessings be upon you.\" Nicole felt uplifted and full of good cheer as the spirits all blessed her and with renewed vigor, she dived back through the portal and onto the grassy lawn on the estate. The residents all exclaimed in wonder as she emerged and did a somersault, landing on her feet. The portal closed behind her. \"I've won, darlings!\" She called. \"Three cheers for the She-Mask!\" exclaimed one of the soldiers. As they cheered her, Nicole beamed, her toothy grin splitting her bright green face. At this moment of triumph, the fact that she would always be masked and could never get her old face back did not worry her.","Summary":" Generations The sky was leaden and overcast as Jack waited for the bus that evening. A group of gir","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Drama Family - Chapters: 8   - Words: 15,174 - Reviews: 16 - Favs: 4 - Follows: 6 - Updated: 9 28 2016 - Published: 8 15 2015 - id: 11449992 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Flushed Away: A Long Campaign","Author":"Firefall Bangenthump","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3565285","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Much as I'd like to take the credit for what follows, it goes without saying that everything to do with the film Flushed Away including all characters and settings is nothing to do with me and is entirely the work of the tireless trailblazers at DreamWorks and Aardman studios. I am also in debt to the kind readers of earlier pieces and I can only hope that this does not disappoint. ----------------- \"If I have to shake one more hand,\" muttered Roddy St. James, darkly. \"I think mine is going to fall off.\" \"You think you've got problems,\" said Rita Malone, taking his wrist and massaging his palm with her thumb. \"At least people only want to shake hands with the Hero of Ratropolis. How do you think I feel? All people want to do with me is have a photograph taken giving me a kiss.\" \"You don't complain about that when it's me,\" said Roddy, grinning. \"Although I'm not one for photography, by and large.\" Rita looked up at him and raised an eyebrow. \"All right, next time you can wear a red wig, I'll wear a brown one and we can trade places. Okay?\" \"I'd need a bit more than a red wig to be you, wouldn't I?\" said Roddy, winking. Rita stepped back and looked him up and down critically. \"Good point,\" she said. \"You'd need some poise and charm to go with it.\" \"Not to mention a scathing wit,\" said Roddy. He sighed and straightened his collar. \"Why did we agree to help your father with all of this anyway?\" 'All of this' referred to Mr Malone's latest preoccupation. Ratropolis was in mayoral election mode and every vertical object in every street was plastered with candidate posters, including one or two pedestrians who hadn't been moving fast enough to get away with it. Roddy and Rita were standing behind a makeshift stage on which Mr Malone was giving his usual speech. They'd both heard it so often over the last weeks that they could almost recite it by heart. \"Nobody knows this city better than a Malone,\" he was saying. \"Nobody has a greater stake in the future of our community than I do. Certainly my opponent doesn't- he's never had a stake in anything that doesn't involve tablecloths.\" There was general applause and cheering. Mr Malone waited for it to subside before he delivered what had become the unwritten motto of the Malone campaign. Roddy and Rita mouthed the words absent-mindedly. \"You know what the difference is between Bert Stough and the Toad? The Toad didn't have a tail.\" The crowd showed its appreciation again while Rita rolled her eyes. Turning around, she called across to what passed for the brains behind her father's campaign. The Chief Political Adviser was loitering beside the steps leading onto the stage. Technically he was just standing there, but the Chief Political Adviser was the sort of person who could loiter on the run. \"Hey! How many more of these have we got today?\" she asked him. Sid sauntered over to the couple casually. \"Keep it down, would you?\" he said. \"We're trying to give a performance you know.\" \"Well, excuse me, Mr Lloyd-Webber,\" said Rita. \"How many more?\" Sid grinned. He had squeezed his ample frame into a cheap pinstripe suit which was already starting to fray at the shoulders. His tie was a patchwork of coffee stains and he was wearing a pair of wraparound sunglasses of the sort favoured by certain tennis players. Being recruited as Mr Malone's adviser had been something of a windfall for him. \"Just this one, Rita, don't fret. We don't want to wear the two of you out, after all. You know what's at stake in this election.\" That much was certainly true. Years of de facto governance by the Toad and his gang had come close to eviscerating what passed for Ratropolis' political community as anyone who disagreed with the green gangster had shown a proclivity to disappear without warning. After the Toad's defeat at the World Cup, most of the dissenters had been found in the deathly chill of the Ice Maker. It was in this climate that Bert Stough had been able to rise to the top of the pile. Some might have taken that as a sign of ability, but every sewer-dweller knows that the things that float on top are not always the most pleasant. It had never been proven that Stough had any connections to the Toad but it was widely suspected, a perception not helped by Stough's insistence that the Mayoral Office be moved into the Floodgate Control Tower once the police had finished with it. \"It's been rumoured that Bert Stough has repaired the Ice Maker,\" Mr Malone told the audience. \"I wonder if he means to give me a warm reception when I beat him?\" \"Did you write these jokes, Sid?\" Roddy asked. Sid shook his head. \"What jokes?\" \"Exactly,\" said Roddy. \"Anyway,\" Mr Malone held up his hand for silence. \"A warm reception is always a good thing. And right now I'd like you to join me in giving a very warm reception to two people who need no introduction...\" \"Have you noticed that he always says that we need no introduction just before he introduces us?\" said Roddy, wearily joining Rita at the steps. \"Have you noticed the way you always say that whenever he says that?\" said Rita. It came off as harsh and she took Roddy's hand to show that she hadn't meant it. Campaigning was turning out to be like running on a wheel- a lot of effort, but you end up in the same place you started. \"It's thanks to these two that I'm able to stand here and talk to you today,\" said Mr Malone. \"It's thanks to these two that we're here at all! Without fruther ado- my daughter, Rita, and my good friend Roddy St. James!\" He extended a hand to the steps as the crowd cheered. Taking their cue, Roddy and Rita appeared on stage arm-in-arm, waving and smiling. It was quite a good crowd today, although Roddy had the feeling that there was a chandful of people who turned up to everything. He was sure that he could recognise more than a few faces, even as he tried not to blink in the fusillade of flashbulb photography. The stage was in the middle of Ratropolis' main square, by the fountain Roddy had seen when he first fetched up there. Mr Malone stood aside from the microphone as they joined him. \"Er...hello,\" said Roddy. There were cheers and even a few whistles. \"It's...er...a real pleasure to be here,\" he went on. \"It's a pleasure to be able to support...the best candidate for the job. Yes. And...I'm sure he'll do us all proud when we vote him into office.\" He grinned desperately and wished that he was better in front of an audience. He handed the microphone to Rita, who was a born performer. \"Thanks, Roddy,\" she said, smiling brightly. \"If I could just make a few brief remarks...I'd be much better at speaking in public!\" Someone laughed so loud that it caused feedback in the microphone. Roddy suspected that it was Grandmother Malone, who was generally at these things in the absence of anything else to do. \"Look, you all know me, you all know my old man,\" said Rita. \"You also know Bert Stough. So who's it going to be?\" She put her arm around her father and they both waved as the crowd clapped. Roddy joined them and tried to look happy. \"That was great!\" Sid was exuberant as the trio left the stage. \"Dynamite stuff, boss! You two weren't bad either,\" he added to Roddy and Rita. \"A few more like that and we'll have this in the bag!\" He draped an arm around Mr Malone's shoulder and led him back to where the Jammy Dodger I floated by the path. An extensive repair and repainting session had brought the old derelict back to life and it was now decked out in election rig, with signs and posters on every flat surface. Roddy and Rita followed slowly. \"Why did your father hire Sid anyway?\" asked Roddy. \"Sid, and I say this with all due respect, is an unprincipled, low-life opportunist who wouldn't recognise honesty if it was pushed so hard into his ears that it came out his nose.\" \"Yes?\" said Rita. \"Well, this is politics, isn't it? What do those characteristics have to do with...oh...right.\" Roddy trailed off as he saw Rita nodding. \"The penny drops at last,\" she said sagely. \"You mean he got the job because he has no redeeming features as a person?\" Roddy shook his head. \"I swear I wasn't cut out for this, Rita. I'd rather fight the Toad again than fight another election.\" \"We basically are,\" said Rita. \"Putting aside the campaign rhetoric about Stough,\" said Roddy wearily. \"This is just a matter of personalities, right?\" Rita looked sideways and shook her head. \"No, Roddy, it's not. Especially not for us. It was all before your time but...oh, never mind. You'll find out eventually. Let's just say that Bert Stough is going to be stuffed and mounted on our wall by the end of this, and that's not half of what he deserves.\" Roddy stared in surprise. Rita was the most determined person he had ever met, but by the end of that sentence her tone had contained enough steel to sink a battleship. There was obviously something else in this, but Roddy knew better than to press Rita on something when she began talking like that. Being stuffed and mounted would seem comparatively merciful. They boarded the Jammy Dodger I and helped cast off. Mr Malone began steering the boat into the current. \"Thanks for that, Rita,\" he said. \"I know you hate those things but that's the only way to win this.\" \"I don't mind them, dad,\" said Rita. \"I can't speak for Roddy, of course.\" Roddy waved his hands. \"No, no! I'm fine as well. Happy to help.\" \"I appreciate it, son,\" said Mr Malone. \"I can't win this without you two. And we have got to win this. Sid, what's the Deputy Mayor-to-be doing today?\" Sid consulted a clipboard. \"I, er...I'm trying to keep him out of the spotlight, sir. It's...um, not big enough for all three of you.\" He coughed. Roddy rolled his eyes. Stough's reputation had ensured a very limited field of opposition candidates and it had taken Mr Malone some time to find a running mate. It had been said that only a crazy person would get into the ring with Stough, and Mr Malone had found one. Harold the Prophet had been at a loose end after the World Cup, when his long-held conviction that the city would be destroyed by flood had been overturned by Roddy and Rita. As a running mate and possible Deputy Mayor, he left much to be desired. \"Good,\" said Mr Malone, who was aware of that but didn't want to say so even when Harold wasn't anywhere near them. \"Look on the bright side,\" said Sid. \"He's better than Stough's running mate.\" He pulled a crumpled piece of paper from his clipboard and held it up. It was a rather bad picture of Thimblenose Ted, face frozen into a grotesque attempt at a friendly grin. His campaign slogan (VOTE 1 FOR TED- HE (K)NOSE) was emblazoned across the bottom in a monument to both bad puns and illiteracy. \"Barely,\" said Rita. \"At least you convinced him not to wear bread any longer.\" \"I do my bit for fashion,\" said Sid, smoothing a greasy lapel. Mr Malone turned them into a back canal. The Jammy Dodger II was waiting for them, tied up at the back of a shop. Mr Malone steered alongside and allowed Roddy and Rita to cross onto the newer vessel. The deck was laden down with coils of wire and small lightbulbs in boxes.[Chapter 2] Mr Malone was pacing the floor of the Mayoral Offices and looking agitated. \"He's going to slit us,\" he said eloquently. \"He's going to slit us badly. This is exactly the kind of thing he's been waiting for.\" Roddy looked around the small group as they huddled together. Rita was wearing an expression very much like her father. Harold was looking resigned as usual and Sid's expression was hidden behind his sunglasses. The Chief Political Adviser was slumped in a chair by the fireplace and was giving every indication of being asleep. \"Is it that much of a deal?\" said Roddy. Mr Malone stopped and looked at him. \"We caused a citywide blackout, son. In the middle of an election campaign. Yes, it's that much of a deal. It's probably more. Stough's going to lord it over me until the end of time for this one, I just know it.\" \"The Mayor will see you now,\" said the secretary, looking up from behind her desk. Mr Malone nodded and tried to look dignified as he marched through the big double-doors. Roddy followed and tried not to think about the last time he had been here. Stough had moved the Mayoral Offices into the Toad's former hideout, and had apparently left things much as they were. The fur rug with the terminal look of surprise, the big fireplace, the pictures on the wall…it was worryingly as if the Toad had never left it at all. A desk had been set up in the middle of the room., artfully positioned so that a visitor would not be able to see the face of anyone sitting behind it. A deep shadow fell across it, hiding them from view. \"Ah, Mr Malone. So good of you to come. And you as well, Ms Malone,\" said the shadow. \"Bert,\" said Mr Malone, giving an economical nod. Rita said nothing but folded her arms and glared. \"How's the house going? Reconsidered it yet?\" The darkness seemed to be slightly amused at something. Mr Malone didn't reply. The shadow stood up. It was Mr Malone's fond joke that the only difference between Stough and the Toad was a tail, but Roddy saw now that it was surprisingly true. Stough was not quite as tall as he was, which still made him tower over Mr Malone, but carried a large and ample frame. His pale pastel suit was flawlessly pressed, the gold mayoral chains hung off his shoulders and at first glance his face was open and friendly. A second glance, however, would have noticed the eyes, small, beady and calculating exactly how much they could get from the world. They were not the eyes of a killer, but they sat above the smile of a shark. \"And Harold too, how nice.\" Bert Stough shook Harold's hand. \"You know my deputy, of course.\" He waved a hand. Thimblenose Ted emerged from beside the fireplace and nodded to the assembly. \"We've met on occasion,\" said Roddy. Stough looked at him for a moment, as if trying to think who he was. \"Mr St. James. Of course you have. But times change. Which is of course why we are all here!\" Stough crossed over to the fireplace, framing himself against its glow. Rita rolled her eyes. \"Enough of the theatricals, Stough, what did you want us here for?\" Stough glared. \"I thought I might give you a chance to explain why you shorted out the entire city's power grid before I have to arrested.\" \"Arrested? What for?\" Sid was taken aback. \"It was an honest mistake!\" \"Oh, the charge sheet could take some time to compile. We could begin with gross negligence. You were using a point-12 coupling, were you not? That lighting rig needed nothing less than a point-14.\" \"We asked for a point-14,\" said Mr Malone, carefully keeping his voice level and calm. \"But your office supplied us with a point-12. It was your fault that we had the wrong equipment, not ours.\" \"A trivial mistake on the part of some factotum,\" said the Mayor, grinning nastily. \"The fact remains that you went ahead and used it despite obviously being aware of the danger.\" \"I know what you're doing, Bert,\" said Mr Malone. \"Upholding the law,\" said Ted. The irony of the former hench-rat's statement was not lost on Roddy. \"It's a set-up,\" said Rita, forcefully. \"This whole thing's a set-up isn't it? You're trying to fit us up so you won't be beaten hollow in the election!\" \"Rita…\" Roddy tugged on her sleeve in an attempt to bring her down to earth. Stough's eyes narrowed. \"That's a very serious accusation, Ms. Malone. You might want to have to proof of that before you throw it around.\" Rita suppressed a snarl. \"As if that's not your game! You're the one who'll have to watch out if you-\" \"Easy, girl,\" said Mr Malone out of the corner of his mouth. \"That's just what he wants.\" He turned back to Stough. \"All right, what's the play, then? You didn't really bring us here to get our side of the story so what is it?\" Stough smiled patronisingly. \"I thought you might be interested in the possibility of making up for…your mistake.\" \"My client will not be discussing money,\" said Sid, stepping forward. Stough rolled his eyes. \"Put him away, Malone, before he gets you into trouble. This is a conversation I can only have with you and your daughter.\" \"Hang on, you can't do that!\" Roddy protested. \"I…I mean, we…\" \"Roddy and me go together,\" said Rita. He looked at her with relief. Stough sighed. \"All right. The three of you follow me.\" Roddy followed Rita through a door into the control cabin. The great fridge the Toad had used as an execution chamber was still there. Roddy stared at it and wondered whether the rumours about Stough and the Ice Maker were true.[Chapter 3] The undercarriage of the train was like a cathedral, all flying buttresses and transepts, nooks and crannies packed with machinery. The whole was covered in a fine layer of grease and oil, which was in turn caked with dust kicked up by the train's passage. The rails were a blur beneath them as the express picked up speed, heading north out of London. Rita had located a maintenance locker towards the end of the carriage, and had proceeded to boot it open. Among the tools thus dislodged as a rubber-handled hammer, which she was now sitting on cross-legged. Roddy sat next to her. At least here the roar of the diesels was muted and they were out of the whirling slipstream. \"I thought Stough said that it was a 2.30 train,\" said Roddy. \"It left at 2.20. Why do I get the feeling that we just got set up?\" \"Probably because we just got set up,\" said Rita. \"He'll be made to suffer, Roddy, I promise you that.\" Roddy decided to take a chance. \"So…\" he said. \"About Bert Stough…\" \"It was a long time ago.\" Rita was looking down at her hands. Her voice was soft and low, almost inaudible above the noise of the train. \"Stough and my dad grew up together. Even worked together as journeymen. They were always rivals but it used to be a friendly kind of thing. Then Stough got it into his head to give up prospecting and go into developing.\" \"Developing what?\" Roddy felt that they were about to walk into a minefield. \"Property, mainly. He had his eye on our family house. You see, there's an oil pipeline running directly underneath it. Stough thought he could tap it and make a mint supplying the city. But my dad refused to sell. Nearly drove Stough mad. They didn't speak to each other for months.\" She sighed. \"I was just born at the time. Anyway, one day after all that pipeline stuff, Stough called dad and said he wanted to see him. Just him. Dad was suspicious about that but he felt that he knew Stough well enough to handle whatever was coming. He went off and I stayed at home with mum and grandma.\" She stopped abruptly and looked for a moment as if she was struggling to retain control. Roddy reached out and tentatively touched her shoulder. \"It's all right, Rita. If you don't want to tell me…\" She shook her head. \"You need to know this. While dad was out…Stough sent his goons around to the house. They tried to put the frighteners on us. Kicked down the front door and that sort of thing.\" She put on a brave smile despite herself. \"Grandma saw them off with her umbrella. She was a lot tougher in those days.\" Roddy frowned. That was grounds for distrust all right, but not the kind of hatred that he had heard in Rita's voice before. There had to be more to it. \"Mum was pregnant at the time,\" said Rita, hardly above a whisper. \"Her second child…I was the first of course. Well…they put the frighteners on her all right. We couldn't do anything to help her.\" Rita paused again. She closed her eyes briefly, opening them again quickly to avoid seeing whatever her memory was projecting. Roddy sat still, a sick feeling that he knew what she was talking about. \"It was a girl, Roddy. I should have had a sister to grow up with.\" She bowed her head and a tear fell from her eyes. Roddy shifted closer and took her in his arms, still trying to understand. \"So that's what you dad meant when he told Stough that he wasn't falling for that again? That he wouldn't let Stough separate him from your family again?\" Rita nodded and rested her head against Roddy's chest. Roddy stroked her hair absently. Why hadn't Mrs Malone told him about this? Surely she'd have been more affected than anyone else. \"Mum doesn't like to talk about it,\" said Rita, as if reading his mind. \"None of us do. It wouldn't have come up again if it wasn't for all this business. That's why dad and I want to win so badly. I should have had a sister, Roddy. I should have had a normal childhood with someone my own age to play with. Instead it was just me and dad and the boat. I don't regret a moment of it, don't get me wrong, but…sometimes I just wish it could have been different. It was so long before mum and dad tried again.\" Roddy realised that he should have guessed that. There was a yawning age difference between Rita and Liam, the second-oldest of the Malone children. \"I can't imagine,\" he said. \"I never had brothers or sisters, but I never knew that I should have done. I didn't know I was missing anything until I met you.\" \"You didn't know a lot until you met me,\" said Rita, trying to bring the conversation back onto more familiar territory. She wiped her eyes and sat up, forcing a grin. \"Touché,\" said Roddy, gently. He looked at her and touched her shoulder. \"Thank you for telling me. I'm so sorry you had to. I…really can't imagine.\" Rita shrugged. \"No good crying over spilt milk, as my grandma used to say to me. Like you said yourself, you deserved to know. Besides, it's five hours to Edinburgh. Had to do something to pass the time.\" Roddy nodded slowly. \"If I'd known...I'm sorry if I've not been as involved in this as you have. I didn't know what was at stake.\" Rita took his hand. \"No reason you should have. Anyway, now you know. So let's start thinking about how we're going to get out of this.\" Roddy stood up and looked around. \"Short of breaking the train, I think we're stuck with it. We must be doing 120 by now so we can't exactly jump off. I guess we'll just have to wait until we get there and then find a train back from Edinburgh. What are you doing?\" Rita was eyeing the hammer with a calculating look. \"Well, like you said, that's all we can do short of breaking the train. So let's break it.\" Roddy rolled his eyes. \"If you could control your destructive instincts for a moment? We're doing 120 miles an hour. You break the train now and it could derail and kill us both, not to mention the humans on board. And even if it didn't we'd be stranded here and it'd take us longer to walk back to Paddington that it'd take to ride back from Edinburgh.\" Rita stopped dragging the hammer out of the locker. \"Oh. Right. Good thinking.\" \"It was, wasn't it?\" said Roddy. \"That's what happens you pay attention to things called consequences .\" Rita grinned. \"Touché indeed.\" Mr Malone was sitting on the cockpit step in the Jammy Dodger I , looking dejected. \"There's nothing you could have done, boss,\" said Sid. \"He's got all the cards right now. And when Rodders and Rita get back you'll be able to claim at least some of the credit, right?\" \"Wrong,\" said Mr Malone. \"Because Bert-blasted-Stough will have been the one whose idea it was. And that assumes that they'll get back.\" \"You think they won't?\" Sid scratched his head. 'Werll…it's a long way to Paddington, sure, but not that far.\" \"I didn't mean back on time, Sid, I meant back at all.\" Mr Malone stood up and looked around. He noticed a figure skulking in the shadows nearby. \"Is that you, Adele?\" Adele Scoop looked up at her name. \"What? Oh, yes. Hello, Mr Malone. Hi, Sid.\" \"Are you all right? You seem a little out of breath there,\" Mr Malone stepped off the boat. \"Plus you didn't ask if I had any comments about something, which would be a first time.\" \"Do you have any comments you'd like to make?\" said Adele, reaching for her notebook. \"None that you can print in a family newspaper.\" She grinned. \"I thought it'd be something like that. Off the record, then.\" Mr Malone raised a sceptical eyebrow. \"I didn't know you did off-the-record, Ms Scoop.\" \"I'm off the record now, Mr Malone,\" \"You look exactly the same as you do when you're on the record.\" \"I don't have a switch or anything, Mr Malone. Do you want to consult with your Chief Adviser there?\" Mr Malone turned around. His Chief Political Adviser was polishing his sunglasses on the seat of his pants. Adele's grin grew wider. \"Yeah, I thought so.\" \"Pity Roddy's not here. He'd have something to say I'm sure,\" said Mr Malone. Adele shrugged. \"I doubt that very much. Besides, he's all right. They both are. They didn't look like they were too worried.\" Mr Malone frowned. \"I didn't think you got a good look at the press conference,\" he said. \"No, I meant-\" Adele realised what she was about to say and bit her tongue. \"I meant...yes. At the press conference. They looked fine there. At the press conference. Nowhere else.\" Mr Malone looked at her curiously. \"You sure you're all right? Not been working too hard? This can't have been an easy assignment for a new reporter. You just joined the Ratropolitan when the campaign started, didn't you?\" \"That's right,\" said Adele. \"Yeah…funny, that. You just turned up, this hotshot correspondent whom nobody had ever heard tone or tale of before. Anyway,\" he said, just as a panicky look flickered across her face, \"Sorry about that. I'll get back to…what I was doing.\" \"Campaigning?\" suggested Adele. \"Last chance. Voting opens tomorrow.\" \"Yeah.\" Mr Malone sighed and got back on the boat. \"Let's hope so.\" Roddy stuck his head through a hole in the wall and nearly had it removed by the slipstream. The wind was like a flurry of bricks in his face, but he saw enough. The landscape had changed noticeably. He came back into the maintenance locker and tried to repair his hair. \"Well, we're in Scotland all right,\" he said. \"Can't be long now. Pity we don't have anything to eat, otherwise we'd be pretty comfortable here.\" Rita nodded. \"I'd rather be on the Dodger but sure, we've had worse berths.\" Roddy sat next to her. \"It's also nice not to have worry about imminent death for once. It's almost relaxing. Nothing to do but lie back and think of England.\" Rita raised an eyebrow. Roddy sighed. \"All right, maybe not here,\" he admitted. \"I was going to say, Roddy. This is a fine time for you to get distracted.\" \"I know, that's why I chose it,\" said Roddy happily, \"But still, you must see what I mean. For the next few hours we have nothing to worry about except getting back to London. Never mind about Stough or…the election,\" he corrected himself in the nick of time. \"Nothing to worry about except getting back to London? You say that like it'll be easy,\" said Rita, smiling. \"We're going to Scotland, not the Caspian Basin. They have trains there. Including, shortly, this one. I didn't navigate us across France- twice- and Monaco to get lost in Edinburgh.\" Roddy wagged a finger. Rita laughed. \"You navigated us? It's a good thing you're not navigating us now or you'd have us into the North Sea!\" Roddy grinned. \"Maybe you don't know about trains, Rita. They run on these things called tracks that mean it can only go in one direction.\" \"I'm sure you'd find a way around that,\" said Rita. \"Well, I'm flattered that you have such faith in me, Captain,\" replied Roddy, bowing graciously. Rita laughed again and shook her head. \"All right, maybe you didn't do such a bad job. We did get home after all.\" \"Oh, I thought we got more than that,\" said Roddy. He put an arm around her. Rita leaned into him. \"Yeah…maybe we did.\" She smiled softly. \"Only maybe? I'll have to try better next time,\" Roddy flashed her a grin. \"I guess we're just born travellers. We get back from France and here we are in Scotland. Does it count as travel if it was accidental?\" \"I'd argue that it would,\" said Rita. \"Although…I'm not sure how accidental it really was. Stough sent us to Paddington, even told us what train we should aim for knowing that it'd leave before we were ready. And then there were those guys dropping bricks in the sewer near the station.\" \"You think they were Stough's men?\" said Roddy. \"Who else knew we were there? The only other people who knew where we were going were the journalists Stough talked to at the press conference. You're not the most photogenic of species, Roddy, but I don't think you've irritated the press to the point where they'd try to kill you.\" She patted his hand. \"At least not if it would mean killing me as well.\" Roddy remembered the Irish-accented figure he had seen running along the pipes as the bricks crashed down. Did that mean that she was in league with Stough? But she had stopped the bricks. So whose side was she really on? \"You know, I've been thinking about Adele…\" he said. Rita poked him in the side. \"That wasn't a very diplomatic way to start a conversation, Roddy. You think I want to know what you've been thinking about Scoop?\" Roddy grinned. \"You do seem interested in that, yes. But that wasn't what I meant.\" He explained about what he had seen in the Paddington tunnel. Rita listened intently. \"What do you think she's playing at?\" asked Roddy. \"The way I see it, she had no business being there if she's just a reporter. But she also can't be working for Stough. Aside from anything else I don't think she'd have missed us four times.\" Rita nodded. \"But if she's not with Stough then who is she with? I think we're going to have to talk to Scoop when we get back. I think I've got some questions for her to answer.\" Roddy looked up as the sound of the train's engines changed pitch. \"I think we're slowing down,\" he said, feeling the pull of deceleration. \"We must be nearly there.\" \"Good. As relaxing as being taken a very long way from home is, I want to get back quickly. We'll need to move fast once we get into Edinburgh Station.\" \"Waverley,\" said Roddy. Rita stared. \"Pardon?\" \"It's called Waverley Station, not Edinburgh. Sorry, just making a point.\" \"Which is what?\" \"That even on unscheduled trips like this, I know exactly where we're going. I am a navigator, remember?\" Roddy gave her a cheeky salute. The train growled into the station and came to a halt beside the platform, stopping so sharply that Roddy nearly fell off the beam they were standing on. Rita dropped neatly to the ground and beckoned to Roddy, who followed somewhat less-athletically with the grapnel line. \"Right,\" said Rita. \"Now let's find us a southbound train.\" They set off, keeping in the cover provided by the train's wheels and the steel of the rails. Roddy looked back as they ran and saw something. \"Rita? I think there's someone following us.\" She stopped, and Roddy ran into her, bowling them both over. \"Sorry!\" he hissed, as they extricated each other and stood up again. Rita waved him into silence and looked back up the train. There was a flicker of movement in the shadow of the wheels. A group of rats was there, shining little lights into the undercarriage they had just been sitting on. \"Oh, they're probably just workers,\" said Roddy, relaxing. Rita waved at him again and listened intently. \"…they must be here somewhere,\" said one of the figures. \"Are you sure this is the right carriage?\" said another. \"Of course I'm sure. That's what she told us, isn't it?\" Roddy swallowed hard. Okay. Not workers. \"I don't believe it,\" muttered Rita. \"We've been here for all of eight seconds and already someone's looking for us. I shouldn't have got out of bed this morning.\" \"I wouldn't have complained,\" said Roddy. \"All right! Sorry!\" \"Hey! That's them!\" A voice rang out from behind them. They turned and saw a trio of uniformed rats running towards them from the other end of the train. The first group heard the shout and hurried towards it. Rita gritted her teeth. \"Give me that grapnel,\" she said. Roddy passed it over. \"Aren't we going to run?\" he hissed. \"Not yet.\" Roddy watched as Rita swung the grapnel, looking up into the machinery of the train as she did so. The trio that had spotted them were almost on top of them. \"Now stay where you are, lassie,\" said the apparent leader. \"We don't want any trouble.\" \"Pity,\" said Rita, giving him a cocky grin. \"I do.\" She hurled the grapnel into the guts of the train and yanked hard. The steel hook had gripped onto a rubber hose, which tore as she pulled on it. A torrent of viscous green liquid spurted out of the tear, knocking the three rats to the ground. \"I warned you!\" said Rita, cheerily. She turned to the first group, which had slowed somewhat after seeing what had just happened and waved. \"You want some too? Well, come and have a go if you think you're fast enough!\" She took off, leaping over the goo-coated trio gracefully. \"Now, where have I heard that before?\" Roddy paused in the act of following her. That voice had been familiar. A fourth rat stepped out in front of Rita, barring her path. He stared at her with his piercing blue eyes. \"Rita?\" Rita skidded to a halt. \"Valentine?\" \"She knows who you are, sir,\" said one of the uniformed rats in surprise. Valentine nodded. \"And I know her. Rita Malone. And Roddy St. James. This…is beyond a surprise. It's all right, sergeant, they're with me.\" He nodded to the leader of the rats Rita had covered in brake fluid. Roddy shook Valentine's hand. The three had last met on Burhou Island, where they had become entangled in the Toad's latest plan to bring about the Glorious Amphibian Dawn. \"Still with InterPol?\" he asked. \"Not any longer. My secondment expired and I was sent back to the Met.\" Valentine tapped his officer's rank pins. \"Although not without something to show for it. Now, there are going to be all sorts of questions asked and no doubt you've got some of your own. But I'm going to ask the first one.\" He turned around and paced up and down a few steps as if in deep thought before turning back to Roddy and Rita. \"What the blazes are you doing here?\"[Chapter 4] \"What do you mean, 'what the blazes are we doing here'?\" said Rita. \"What are you doing here looking for us?\" Valentine tapped his foot impatiently. \"Why can I never be the first to get my questions answered?\" \"Because you keep asking them of her,\" said Roddy, nodding to Rita, who glared at him. Valentine sighed. \"I'm here because I'm working. Now, again, why are you two here?\" Roddy took it upon himself to explain it to Valentine. \"So this is all to do with the elections? I thought so. That's what brings me here as well.\" \"You're in the wrong city, aren't you?\" said Roddy. \"To vote? Yes. But there's more important work to be done. You know the incumbent, Bert Stough? I'm investigating him.\" \"Why?\" asked Roddy. \"Because he's a-\" Rita and Valentine spoke together, the former reeling off an impressive list of four-letter adjectives, the latter settling for something a bit less descriptive. Roddy watched the two of them with a faint smile on his face. \"Well, something like that,\" finished Valentine. \"We've got a team of people in the city working under my best agent. She managed to let us know that Stough was sending a couple of people up here, and we rather assumed that he was. I'd been hoping to arrest them and find out enough from them to arrest him. Instead I get you two.\" \"Your agent's obviously not up to much if they didn't let you at least know who it was that was coming,\" opined Rita. \"She had her hands full. Undercover work is like that.\" Valentine shrugged. \"She?\" said Roddy, trying to work this out. \"Who is the agent?\" Valentine coughed. \"For operational reasons, I cannot divulge that at this time,\" he said mysteriously. \"Why, because you'd have to kill me?\" grinned Roddy. \"Not exactly. But her identity will remain a closely-guarded secret until-\" Rita interrupted. \"Oh, for heaven's sake, Roddy, don't be so dense. Who do you think it is? Who's been taking such an interest in our activities recently? Who did you see in the tunnel at Paddington? It's Scoop, isn't it?\" She turned on Valentine, who ran a hand through his hair in resignation. \"So much for the Official Secrets Act,\" he said wearily. \"Sometimes I don't know why I bother.\" \"You and me both,\" said Roddy, which earned him a sharp look. \"So Adele's a spy now?\" \"Officer Scoop…yes, all right, I can't deny it now, can I?\" Valentine cast a wry glance at Rita, who was still glaring at him. \"Why do I get the feeling that my role is going to be limited to exposition again? It was like this the last time.\" Roddy winced at the memory. \"So long as I don't end up hanging off a plane without my trousers again, that's all I ask.\" \"That's all I ask, too,\" said Rita. \"I don't need to see that again.\" \"Oh, that's hardly fair Rita! The Toad took me by surprise! Did you notice how I was taken by surprise?\" \"I think the no-trousers thing speaks for itself, don't you?\" said Rita, grinning. \"Are you done now?\" said Valentine, who had been watching the exchange politely. \"So what are you going to do now?\" said Rita, turning her attention back to him. \"Throw us back?\" \"In a manner of speaking,\" Valentine nodded. \"Look, you're not exactly who we were hoping to find here, but some good may still come of this.\" \"Sorry to disappoint,\" said Rita. \"So what are you going to do now?\" Valentine cast Roddy an amused look. \"Has she been like this long?\" \"Election-eve jitters,\" lied Roddy. Valentine accepted it. \"Well, now we're going to go back to London. The two of you probably know enough to put Stough away and I'd rather arrest a candidate than try to indict a mayor. Don't look at me like that, Rita, in my line of work we need something called 'evidence' before we can start kicking down doors.\" \"You know what I'd call it?\" said Rita. \"How about an excellent idea , Rita?\" suggested Roddy. \"We're going back to London, aren't we? I'd call that an outcome.\" Rita subsided somewhat. She turned around to the policemen she had doused in brake fluid and gave them a small nod that still stopped some way short of being apologetic. Valentine called one of them over. \"Sergeant? Get up to signal control and sort it out, will you? We'll be leaving as soon as possible.\" \"Aye, sir!\" The rat saluted and darted off. \"Signal control?\" said Roddy. \"We can't exactly drive a train all the way to London without being noticed,\" said Valentine. \"If we haven't sorted out all the signals along the way the humans will just pull the plug and bring us to a stop.\" \"You can drive a train?\" said Rita sceptically. \"It's all just wires when you get right down to it,\" said Valentine, evasively. \"Most things are.\" \"I thought that humans drove the trains?\" Roddy said. \"That's all right. So do they,\" Valentine grinned. \"I'd better help out with the signals.\" He turned and followed his squad off, leaving Roddy who glanced back to see Rita's tail already disappearing into the train. \"Hang on! Don't you think we should wait?\" \"On a scale of one to ten? No.\" Rita grinned down at him. \"We're getting back and finishing this by ourselves. All aboard!\" Roddy looked at Valentine as he ducked into a vent and sighed. \"All right. Help me up, then.\" Roddy followed her forward along the train until they reached the throbbing locomotive. Rita was eying the machinery with an appraising look. \"Are you serious about this?\" Roddy caught up with her. \"I'm always serious,\" said Rita. \"Hahaha, good one,\" said Roddy. \"No, really. Do you know how to drive this thing?\" \"Nope. But as Valentine said, it's all wires in the end.\" Rita spotted a way forwards and set off again, Roddy trailing after her as she ducked under a low-hanging beam. \"The same could be said about the space shuttle and I don't see you lining up to fly that! What if- ow!\" There was a metallic sound as Roddy's head bounced off the beam. He rubbed it ruefully and crept underneath it. Rita was standing under the driver's cabin looking for a way up. \"Look, I know you want to get back to help your father,\" said Roddy, \"but we're no good to him dead! Why can't we wait for Valentine? He knows what he's doing.\" \"No, he doesn't,\" said Rita, knowingly. \"You heard him when I asked if he could drive this. He hasn't a clue.\" Roddy thought for a moment. \"When you asked him that, he said exactly what you said when I asked you that.\" \"Yes, but I'm me,\" Rita flashed him a cocky grin. \"I'm glad you noticed,\" said Roddy. \"Now, can we get back to my question?\" \"What was that, Roddy?\" said Rita, poking the metal above her head thoughtfully. \"I'm afraid I wasn't really paying attention.\" Roddy rolled his eyes. \"This isn't one of those arguments I can win, is it?\" Rita frowned for a moment. \"You know, I don't think I've ever heard of one of those.\" Roddy laughed despite himself. \"Oh, all right. What do you need?\" \"Stand over here,\" said Rita. \"And put your hands together.\" Roddy did as he was told. Rita stepped up on his hand and balanced carefully on his shoulders. \"This brings back memories,\" said Roddy, indistinctly. He looked up at Rita and grinned. \"Keep your eyes on the game, Roddy,\" warned Rita, looking down. \"I thought I was,\" said Roddy. \"But never mind. What are you doing?\" Rita touched the roof. \"There's a rusty patch here that I think I can get through. Brace yourself, this is going to be tricky.\" She drew back her fist and slammed it into the brown-stained metal, which parted under the blow like wet paper. A flurry of rust pattered down on Roddy and he tried to shield his eyes. Rita gave a whoop of triumph. \"It worked Roddy! Now stand still for a moment longer, I'm going in.\" Roddy felt her shift and then her feet lifted off his shoulders. Rubbing them painfully, he looked up and saw Rita pulling herself into the cabin. She scrambled in and then reached back to haul Roddy after her. \"Nobody here, Roddy. It's all right.\" Roddy straightened and looked around the empty cabin. Racks of humming controls seemed to take up most of the available surfaces and there was a swivel chair bolted to the floor in front of what looked like the main console. Rita was already scrambling up it. Roddy moved to follow her but she waved him back. \"Hold on, I need you to do something down there. You see that pedal?\" Roddy looked. There was indeed a pedal set into the floor. \"Yes?\" \"I need you to find something to hold that down. It'll be a dead-man's pedal. If it's not pressed to the floor the safety systems will cut the engine and slam on the brakes.\" \"Why?\" Roddy spotted a metal lunchbox, presumably the human driver's, and began pushing it over the pedal. \"In case the driver dies on the job,\" said Rita. She rolled onto the main console and spotted a rack of switches marked 'COUPLINGS'. She hit the first one and grinned when a distant clunk indicated that the locomotive had unlocked itself from the train. Roddy scrambled up to join her. \"So you know what you're doing now?\" \"Almost,\" said Rita. She looked around the panel and spotted the transmission controls. She shifted the switch up a notch and was gratified to hear the note of the engine change, but they still weren't moving. \"Just a thought,\" said Roddy cheerfully. \"But maybe taking the brakes off would be a good idea?\" \"Only maybe?\" Rita looked around for them and then saw that Roddy was sitting on the lever, examining his fingernails. She pushed him off, rolling her eyes, and yanked hard on the control. The locomotive lurched and began rolling out of Waverley station, much to the surprise of the humans on the platform. Rita laughed victoriously as she switched the transmission over to automatic and eased open the throttle. Roddy joined her as they left Waverley and began heading south. Valentine walked out of the vent followed by his squad and realised that there was less train than there used to be. Sighing, he looked down the tracks and saw the receding shape of the locomotive. \"Why am I not surprised?\" he muttered. \"Should we stop them, sir?\" said the sergeant. \"We can go back and reset the signals to stop them at the city limits.\" \"No, no. Let them go.\" Valentine allowed himself a small smile. \"We'll get the next train.\" \"But sir, what about Stough?\" \"Yes, it's unfortunate, I know. I almost feel sorry for him.\" \"Sir?\" The sergeant frowned. Valentine shook his head. \"Never mind. Let them go. I know them. They'll be fine.\" The blue-eyed officer turned around and led his squad back into the vent. \"I just hope we get there in time to save them.\" \"I thought you said they'd be fine, sir?\" \"I wasn't talking about them.\" Mr Malone was pacing in the candlelight that filled the town hall. A murmur of voices filled the air. Hanging above the stage was a banner that read LAST MAYORAL DEBATE, but nobody could read it in the darkness. Attempts to illuminate it by firelight had already cause the evacuation of the building once and Stough had vetoed any further efforts. \"You all right, chief?\" Sid was standing nearby. He was still wearing his sunglasses. Mr Malone sighed. \"I'm over here, Sid,\" he said. \"Not having problems already, are you?\" Bert Stough loomed out of the darkness, followed by the weirdly skeletal form of Ted. \"As a matter of fact, yes,\" said Mr Malone. \"There's a really nasty piece of work trying to talk to me. But that's okay, because I'm going to beat him hollow and then use him as a piñata.\" Stough grinned. \"I hope you're going to be politer than that when we're on stage, Malone.\" \"Not that it'll matter,\" said Ted. Mr Malone glared at him. \"You're not even in this one, Thimblenose. Shove off before someone gets hurt.\" Ted started forwards, but Stough put a hand on his shoulder and waved him off casually. \"No power yet,\" he said. \"Your girl and her friend should be back by now. I do hope nothing has happened to them. That would be a shame. And a tragedy for you, of course.\" Mr Malone gritted his teeth. \"They'll be back.\" \"Oh, we'll see. Although if you keep breaking things like you've already done there might not be anything for them to come back to.\" Stough fingered his lapel absently. \"Speaking of which, Malone…I'm still open to offers about your title deeds. It must have been an expensive campaign for you.\" \"You'll get that house over my dead body,\" said Mr Malone. \"You say that as if I'd find that an unacceptable proposal,\" said Stough. \"But still, if you ever need to sell…my door is always open.\" \"Well, you can shut it again. And you can shut one or two other things while you're at it,\" said Mr Malone. He turned to find Adele Scoop walking past Sid, who didn't see her coming. She gave the Chief Political Adviser a friendly nod and went up to the two candidates. \"Hello, Mr Stough.\" \"My dear Adele,\" said Stough, attempting to ooze affability. \"What can I do for you?\" \"Well, a minute with Mr Malone would be nice,\" said Adele brightly. Stough deflated somewhat. \"Be my guest,\" he muttered. \"No, I don't think I will be. But thanks all the same.\" Adele smiled at Stough and led Mr Malone off to one side. \"What is it?\" asked Mr Malone. \"How are you back here at all? This is a candidates-and-staff only area!\" \"I have my ways and means,\" said Adele. \"Now listen. What are you doing after the debate?\" Mr Malone raised an eyebrow. \"Thanks for the offer, but you know I'm already married, right?\" Adele sighed in frustration. \"Not like that! Seriously, where are you going?\" \"I was just going to go home until tomorrow when voting starts,\" said Mr Malone. \"Why?\" Adele lowered her voice. \"I don't think that'd be a very good idea. I'd prefer it if you didn't go home.\" Mr Malone stared. \"Where else should I go? Adele? What do you know that I don't.\" She grinned. \"I probably know a lot that you don't, Mr Malone.\" She shot a sideways glance at Stough. Mr Malone caught it and grimaced. \"You think he'll try something?\" \"You think he won't?\" Adele looked at him seriously and then wandered off. Mr Malone was still deep in thought when Sid poked him from behind. \"Boss? You'd better get out there!\" He pointed on stage, where the adjudicator was calling the candidates up. There were cheers at Mr Malone's name. He took a deep breath and straightened his tie. \"Well, here goes nothing.\" Twilight passed quickly, the low clouds soon blocking out the setting sun. Rita switched on the locomotive's headlights, which threw a trident of light into the gathering gloom, and sat on the top of the control panel. Roddy checked the speed and went to join her. \"Well, this doesn't turn out to be so bad,\" he said. \"See? All you need is a little confidence in me.\" Rita smiled but didn't look at him. Roddy shifted closer to her and put his arm around her. \"You know I have a little confidence in you, Rita. In fact I'd be hard-pushed to have less. Much like you and my navigation skills.\" \"What navigation skills?\" \"You see, you think you're funny sometimes, but you're not.\" Roddy smiled. \"I was trying to be funny then?\" Rita grinned and put her own arm around Roddy's waist. \"You should probably get some sleep. There'll be a lot to do when we get back to London.\" \"You'd better sleep first,\" said Roddy. \"You're the one driving this thing so you're the one who will have to stop it.\" Rita yawned and nodded. \"All right, fair enough. Wake me in a couple of hours.\" She kissed him lightly and curled up on the nearest piece of flat surface. Roddy looked back out the windscreen. The tracks glinted in the headlights and seemed to go on forever. He squinted as he saw something ahead- a distant but brilliant spark that seemed to be right in their path. \"Easy, old man,\" he said to himself. \"Valentine fixed the signals. We're clear all the way south.\" Actually, Valentine said he was going to fix the signals. We left before he could confirm that it was done. And now I really, really wish I hadn't thought of that. Roddy swallowed and moved over to the brake controls. The ideal, of course, would be to push the lunchbox off the dead man's switch below, but that meant leaving the windscreen and losing sight of the distant light. Or lights, as it now seemed. Three of them, just like on their locomotive. It was a northbound train. Two trains each going 120 miles per hour , Roddy thought, Which adds up to a closing speed of 240 miles per hour. Roddy had little real conception of what 240 miles per hour looked like, but his graphic imagination threw up multiple versions of 240 miles per hour when applied very suddenly to a locomotive, not to mention himself and Rita. He looked up at the lights again. As the distance between them closed, it was starting to seem as if they weren't on a head-on course. A second track emerged from the darkness to Roddy's left and began running parallel to them, giving him cause for optimism. He glanced over his shoulder at Rita's motionless form and wondered whether to wake her. \"Please let me be right,\" he muttered as the northbound train drew into sight. It was a freighter, hauling hundreds of tons of steel and tanker trucks north to Inverness- and it was on the other track. Roddy breathed a sigh of relief as it shot past them with a blare of horn and a rush of slipstream that rattled the windscreen wipers. After a while Roddy looked around and located a box of tissues. He dragged a couple of them out and draped them gently over Rita as an improvised blanket. \"Thank you, Roddy,\" she whispered, pulling them up to her shoulders. \"I didn't mean to wake you,\" he said apologetically. \"You didn't,\" Rita opened an eye and smiled at him. \"Are you sure you don't want to sleep now? There's room under here for two.\" She moved aside. Roddy smiled back. \"There's nothing I'd like better, but someone should stay on watch and make sure we don't end up in Bristol or someplace by mistake.\" He kissed her forehead and went back to the top of the control panel. A light drizzle was falling and he located the windscreen wiper switch. The rubber blades had not been maintained and they squeaked across the wet glass noisily. After a few moments, Rita joined him, draping half of her blanket around him. \"Shouldn't you be sleeping?\" he asked. \"With this noise going on, I'm lucky if I can hear myself think,\" said Rita. \"Oh, I think you'd need to be pretty lucky even without this noise,\" said Roddy. Rita laughed and rested against him. \"It's meant a lot to me and my dad that you've gone along with all of this,\" she said. \"I didn't know I had a choice,\" said Roddy. He grinned at her. \"Don't worry. I wouldn't have missed any of it. Well, most of it.\" She smiled and relaxed slightly. \"We couldn't have done it without you.\" \"We haven't won yet,\" pointed out Roddy. \"And it's all right. This is what family is for, after all. It matters to him, which means it matters to you, and that means it matters to me. All for one and one for all.\" \"It does matter to me. Perhaps…perhaps too much.\" Rita sighed. \"Have I taken this too seriously, Roddy?\" He was silent for a moment. \"Not considering what Stough did to your family, not at all. But be careful. As I say, we haven't won yet and you've invested so much of yourself in this. I'm afraid about what will happen if we don't win.\" Now it was Rita's turn to be silent. \"This is the part where you reassure me that you haven't invested too much in this and everything will be fine whatever the outcome,\" prompted Roddy. Rita shook her head. \"I never promise what I'm not certain I can deliver. I'm so sorry. I just don't know what'll happen if we lose. I just don't know. It scares me too, Roddy, and I don't scare easily.\" Roddy held her closer and sighed. \"I know you don't. Just remember that whatever happened in the past, and whatever is going to happen now, I'll always be here for you.\" \"What would I do without you?\" Rita smiled in the darkness of the cabin. \"A lot of misguided things, I have no doubt.\" Roddy patted her. \"We really should get some sleep.\" Rita nodded and closed her eyes. Her head was resting on Roddy's chest, and despite the muffled rumble of the engines and the squeak of the windscreen wipers, she could hear his steady heartbeat. Shutting out all other sounds, she concentrated on its rhythm as she felt sleep finally overtake her.[Chapter 5] \"It's a matter of trust,\" Stough was saying. \"Who do you trust to run this city the way it ought to be run? Who do you trust to keep government off your backs to let you get on with things? Life down here is hard enough without the mayor's office involved with your affairs!\" There was some applause from the crowd. Stough turned to Mr Malone with a satisfied smirk on his face. \"Mr Malone, your right of reply?\" Adele Scoop, who was leading the panel of journalists asking the questions, looked at him. Mr Malone took a deep breath. \"Well, firstly hearing Bert Stough talking about trust is like hearing fish talking about air. It isn't his natural environment and he'd choke to death if he suddenly found himself in it.\" Laughter rippled through the crowd as Stough glowered. \"Mr Malone, I must ask you to stick to the point,\" said Adele, who was grinning broadly. He nodded. \"Fair enough. What I'd say to that is that if Stough thinks that government is a bad thing, why's he running for it? Government should be involved in everyday life, it should be making things better . As mayor, I won't use 'small government' as an excuse to do nothing. I want to fix this city and I can't do that by keeping my hands off. If you don't want that in your mayor, don't vote for me.\" This time the applause was more sustained. Mr Malone looked over to the wings where Sid gave him a thumbs-up and mimed slamming a basketball into a hoop. Up above, in a cradle hanging from the ceiling, a gang of slugs finally managed to push the battery-powered penlight into position to throw its beam onto Mr Malone, who turned back to the crowd and waved happily. \"All I can say to that is that I'm glad you want to fix the city,\" said Stough, for the first time allowing a flash of anger into his tone, which had hitherto been as plain and well-oiled as an assassin's dagger. \"Because it was you who broke it, after all. We're standing here in the dark because of your carelessness.\" Mr Malone bridled. He had understood that no political hay would be made of that, at least before Roddy and Rita got back, but he could hardly say that in public. \"How can someone who can't even check a power coupling say they are fit to hold the mayoral office?\" continued Stough. \"Since it's my daughter who is out there now to fix it, Bert, I think you could show some respect,\" said Mr Malone, coolly. \"I don't remember you suiting up to get out there and do any work.\" Adele's eyes flickered from one candidate to the other. She could feel that the debate was about to become extremely personal and she was worried where that could lead. \"Um, if I could just interject,\" she began. \"I don't remember you volunteering,\" snapped Stough, ignoring her. \"In fact you outright objected to the plan to fix the power grid.\" \"You know perfectly well why,\" growled Mr Malone. In the wings, Sid was going silently apoplectic, despite the theoretical obstacles to the feat. Ted appeared behind him, wearing the nearest thing he got to a nasty grin. \"Of course I don't know why,\" said Stough smoothly. \"But you were always a one to let your family fight your battles, weren't you?\" For a moment Adele was convinced that Mr Malone was going to hurl himself across the stage. The crowd gasped and whispered as everyone present realised that the line-you-do-not-cross was now disappearing into the rear-view mirror. \"Keep my family out of this, Bert,\" said Mr Malone quietly. \"Since you've chosen to shackle yourself to them at every opportunity this campaign, I don't see why,\" said Stough. \"Except your wife, of course. How is the dear Mrs Malone these days anyway?\" Mr Malone glared. Adele Scoop stood up and banged on the table as hard as she could. \"Gentlemen!\" she shouted. \"If you cannot control yourselves, I will ask that this debate be called off! This benefits nobody!\" \"I think we've covered all the ground we need to cover, my dear,\" said Stough. He walked off without shaking Mr Malone's hand. Mr Malone was left on stage alone for a few seconds before marching off as well, leaving the audience even more confused and Adele looking very close to panic. \"Hi, boss,\" said Sid, nervously. \"Um…well…that was…interesting.\" \"If there hadn't been so many witnesses, I'd have walked off that stage alone,\" muttered Mr Malone. \"You did walk off alone, though,\" pointed out Sid. \"Stough left before you.\" \"That's not what I meant,\" said Mr Malone. \"Let's just get out of here.\" \"Righto, chief,\" said Sid, fidgeting. \"It's just…\" \"What?\" Mr Malone looked around and saw Stough blocking his path. \"Get out of the way, Bert, now is not the time,\" he said. \"Now is exactly the time,\" said Stough. \"You need to watch yourself, Malone, you could very quickly find yourself creating a lot of trouble.\" \"Don't threaten me, Bert,\" said Mr Malone. \"I wasn't threatening you ,\" said Stough. Mr Malone stared. \"Who were you threatening, then? And what do you think you're playing at by attacking my family in this? You think this election means so much to me that I'll let you get away with that?\" \"You'll have to, chief,\" said Sid, tugging his sleeve and trying to lead him away. \"Just for now. Come on. You said you wanted to go so let's go.\" Mr Malone glared for a moment longer and then subsided. He marched off, leaving his Chief Political Adviser scurrying in his wake. Bert Stough watched them go and then beckoned Thimblenose Ted out of the shadow he was lurking in. \"Is everything ready, Ted?\" \"Ready when you are, boss,\" growled the former henchrat. \"Should I give the word?\" \"Not just yet,\" said Stough, smiling thinly. \"Not just yet.\" The drizzle had turned into a downpour by the time Rita woke up. It was pitch black outside except for the triple beam of the locomotive's headlights. She realised that she had fallen asleep across Roddy and sat up hastily, trying to flick her hair back into place. She looked at the digital clock set into the console and realised that they must nearly be there- it was slightly over four hours since they had left Edinburgh. \"Wake up, Roddy,\" she said. \"We must be nearly there.\" Roddy snorted once or twice and blinked as he woke up. \"Nearly where?\" \"Nearly home,\" Rita stood up and slid down the control panel. \"Try to figure out where we are. We should be able to see London pretty soon.\" Roddy stood up and stretched. \"Why me?\" \"Because, as you're so fond of pointing out, you're a born navigator.\" \"Hmm? Oh, right. Yes, yes I am. And there aren't many of us out there so you should be grateful that you have me.\" Roddy rubbed his eyes. Rita grinned. \"I thought there was one born every minute,\" she said. \"Spare me the legendary Malone wit, please,\" said Roddy. \"It's too early in the morning. Or night. Whatever this is.\" He looked around. \"Are you sure there are even any maps in here?\" \"Nope,\" said Rita. \"Well, I can hardly navigate without them,\" said Roddy. \"I can't divine our location. I'm a navigator, not a medium.\" \"I wouldn't even have called you a small. Besides, Christopher Columbus crossed the Atlantic without maps,\" said Rita. \"As you once told me.\" \"Yes, and I also remember telling you that he thought he was in Japan when he reached the other side.\" Roddy sighed. \"But I'll do my best in the absence of maps. Bring me my ouiji board and a magic wand of some kind.\" Rita laughed and Roddy looked out the window as an illuminated sign flashed past, too fast for him to be able to read it. He looked ahead, and saw a distant yellow spark on the tracks. \"I think we should slow down,\" said Rita. \"In this weather it might be harder to stop this thing.\" \"Good idea,\" said Roddy. He turned up the windscreen wipers and peered at the distant spark, remembering the northbound train that had scared him outside Edinburgh. There was no parallel track this time, however. \"Do you have any idea what that could be?\" he said. Rita looked up from the transmission controls, which she had been using to slow them down, and clambered up next to him. She looked at the light. \"Oncoming train?\" she suggested. \"I thought Valentine had the signals sorted out,\" said Roddy. \"And train lights are white. That looks yellow.\" \"There's probably more than one sort of train,\" said Rita. Roddy nodded uncomfortably. \"Well, whatever it is, I think we should probably be slowing down a bit more, don't you?\" \"You're no fun, Roddy,\" said Rita, grinning. \"I'm all in favour of playing chicken,\" said Roddy. \"But this is a train. And the thing about trains, as I told you before, is that they run on tracks and can't get out of the way even if they want to.\" \"You seem a little nervous about it,\" said Rita. Roddy explained what had happened outside Edinburgh. \"I don't want to test our luck much more. We'll need as much as we can get when we're back in London.\" Rita nodded. Ahead of them, the yellow light had resolved itself into two yellow lights, one on either side of the track, flashing brightly. She patted Roddy comfortingly and went to close the throttle again. Roddy looked out of the window again as another sign flashed past. ALBAN CREEK CROSSING- 1Mi One mile? Roddy stared at the yellow lights, trying to judge distance. A creek crossing would be a low bridge, just a cursory structure that kept the tracks out of the water. Why would one have flashing lights on it? Unless… There was a momentary break in the rainfall, brought about by a lucky squall. Roddy looked through the suddenly-clear glass and saw why the lights were on. \"Rita! Brake now!\" \"What?\" She looked around in surprise. \"Brake now! Right now!\" Roddy leapt from the top of the control panel and began frantically clambering down to the floor, where he began straining at the lunchbox holding down the dead man's switch. Rita closed the throttle completely, but it wasn't enough. The emergency brake switch was too high for either of them to reach. \"We're still moving, Roddy!\" she shouted. \"You're telling me!\" he replied, shifting the lunchbox inch by agonising inch, his mind's eye picturing the train thundering closer and closer to a black hole. Rita turned back to the throttle and pushed it into reverse. There was a hideous screech of tearing metal as the violent change shredded the transmission, which exploded colourfully, leaving the runaway locomotive trailing sparks behind it. Rita hissed a curse and dropped down to join Roddy. Together they finally pushed the box aside and the safety switch activated, cutting the engine and slamming on the emergency brakes. Roddy and Rita were thrown by the sudden deceleration. And then the train reached the creek. Roddy knew that when one was about to die, the world seemed to go into slow-motion as the brain tried to make the most of its last few seconds of usefulness. Since meeting Rita, this had been confirmed multiple times and so he was not unsurprised when it happened now. He was suddenly aware of the pattern of rust around the edge of the floor, of the texture of the metal pedal lever, of the expression on Rita's face as she threw her arms up to shield herself and break her fall. There was a strange feeling of weightlessness as the locomotive began tilting. Then there was a screech of metal that made the shredding transmission sound like Elgar, a crackle of breaking glass and an impact so violent that he was sure it would shake him apart. They slammed into the side of the cabin. The lights went out, and Roddy felt Rita take his hand as chilling water surged in around them. \"I shouldn't have let him get to me,\" said Mr Malone. \"It was unprofessional.\" He was lying on the couch at home. Mrs Malone was sitting beside him, rubbing his back comfortingly. \"It's all right, dear. I don't think the Dalai Lama could stomach being on a stage with him for that long.\" Mr Malone forced a smile. \"Still…I think that might have blown it. I mean, if the power thing hadn't blown it already. I should probably go to the office right now and hand in my concession.\" Mrs Malone shook her head. \"There's no need for that, dear. You're still in this! You heard them applaud when you spoke. I still have confidence in you.\" \"Well, that's one vote at least.\" Mrs Malone looked at her husband. Pessimism wasn't his natural state of being and she was deeply worried. \"Are you upset about tonight, dear? Or are you just worried about losing?\" \"Well, both,\" said Mr Malone. \"And about Rita and Roddy. They should be back by now.\" \"I'm sure they're fine wherever they are,\" said Mrs Malone. \"And you shouldn't keep blaming yourself for that. And you shouldn't blame yourself for a lot of other things, too.\" She took Mr Malone's hand and placed it on her stomach. \"Don't think you have to win this for me.\" Mr Malone sighed. \"If only it was that easy.\" \"You'll still beat him, dad,\" said a daughter. Mr Malone smiled. \"We'll see.\" Mrs Malone smiled back. \"Yes, we will. But not if you're still around here moping. Election day is tomorrow. You need to get out there and get the hustings ready.\" \"Yes. Of course. You'll be all right here?\" Mr Malone stood up, but looked back at his wife. \"I always have been, haven't I?\" said Mrs Malone. \"Well, mostly. What's got you so nervous? I know Stough said some nasty things at the debate, but you don't really think he means them do you?\" Mr Malone didn't reply. Suddenly Adele's pre-debate warning seemed a great deal more plausible. Rita surfaced, spitting out water. Roddy was a little way off, floundering around, until he reached shallow water and stood up. \"That wasn't too bad, was it?\" he said, gasping. Rita looked around. The storm had half-demolished the creek crossing, setting off the yellow warning lights they had seen. Their locomotive, or what was left of it, was on its side in the creek. Mud covered every surface, but at least the mud and the still-driving rain had prevented any danger of a fire. Her head was still ringing with the sound of the crash and she saw little white sparks every time she closed her eyes. \"It's as bad as I'd want it,\" she said. \"Are you all right?\" \"I've been better, but could be a lot worse.\" Roddy wrung out his shirt, a pointless exercise in the rain. \"Well, at least I'm still breathing.\" \"It might be a little while before we can find out about brain damage, though,\" said Rita, putting a hand to her head. Roddy grinned. \"You're all right, I take it? I see your sense of humour is mercifully unaffected.\" \"I'm fine,\" said Rita. \"We should get out of here, though. Someone's bound to have seen us go off the rails.\" Roddy nodded and pointed to the bank, where the lunchbox was resting. \"Think that'll float? This creek looks like it runs south, and that's where we need to be.\" Rita waded over to the box and rapped on its aluminium sides. \"Should do. If this is Alban Creek it'll be taken into an underground pipe a few miles downstream and that'll get us back to London. Pretty fast with a flow like this behind it, too.\" \"Good. Hang on a moment, I think we've forgotten something.\" \"What?\" Rita was puzzled. Roddy went back to the wrecked train and began monkeying around amid the twisted steel. \"What are you doing? Are you crazy?\" Rita went to help him. \"If I'm crazy, then I don't want to be sane,\" said Roddy. \"I'm trying to find one of those transformer things. We might as well try to do what we were sent to do in the first place.\" He located a promising piece of engine and pried it open. Rita looked inside and saw the component. As far as she could see, it had survived the crash, although it had been shaken loose from its mounting. It was the work of a few moments to pull it out completely and wrap in with a rag. Rita slung it over her back and returned to the lunchbox. \"Think you could give us a hand with this?\" she said. Roddy joined her and they began pushing the lunchbox into the current, being sure to keep a grip on the handle. \"So we'll get home anyway? The crew of the Jammy Dodger survives again!\" Rita grimaced. \"Survives for now, more like it. I can't see any way to steer this thing.\" Roddy sighed. \"It's never easy, is it?\" \"Nope,\" said Rita. \"That's what keeps it interesting.\" They reached midstream, battling to stay on their feet. \"All right, on the count of three, jump in,\" said Roddy, gritting his teeth. \"Why not just get in now?\" said Rita. He grinned. \"That's not very systematic, is it?\" \"Systematic nothing,\" said Rita. \"Tell you what, I'll get in now and count to three so you can get in afterwards.\" \"You think I'd trust you counting to three? Suddenly I like your plan a lot more.\" Rita laughed. They scrambled up the handle and into the lunchbox as the current took it and whisked it away downstream. Behind them at the crash site, the first of the red and blue lights had appeared to investigate. Sid hit his thumb with the hammer again and moaned, sticking the offended article into his armpit and hopping from one foot to the other. Mr Malone sighed. \"You'd do better if you took them glasses off, Sid, I keep telling you this.\" \"I know, boss,\" said Sid ruefully. \"But I think they're…cool. You know, stylish.\" \"I do know stylish,\" said Mr Malone. \"And they ain't met him.\" He turned back to the poster he was nailing to the fence and heard footsteps approaching. Mr Malone turned around to see Colin the police officer standing behind him, looking uncomfortable. \"Hello, Col,\" he said. \"What's up?\" \"Good day, um, Mr Malone.\" Colin glanced around nervously and then leaned closer and lowered his voice. \"I just want you to know, that this wasn't my choice and it ain't personal.\" \"What isn't personal?\" Mr Malone put down his hammer. Thimblenose Ted stepped out from behind Colin, smirking unpleasantly. \"Oh, what's he doing here?\" Mr Malone glared. Colin heaved a sigh. \"Mr Malone, I am arresting you for misuse of city property in a manner endangering lives and for causing a very large amount of trouble.\" \"Come quietly and there'll be nobody hurt,\" said Ted. \"You've got that half right, Thimblenose,\" said Mr Malone. He looked around for Sid, who had scarpered. \"But if you think I've caused a lot of trouble already, I'm only just getting started. And I'm sorry, Col, but you're wrong as well. This is personal.\" The lunchbox scraped down the side of the tunnel, span around a few times and almost rolled over. Roddy staggered to his feet. \"I think I'm getting seasick,\" he muttered. \"This stopped being fun a long time ago. How far do you think we have to go?\" Rita looked around, entirely unconcerned by the rough passage of the box. \"Not too far now. Probably less than a mile. No time at all at this speed.\" \"I'd be willing to lose some speed in exchange for some stability,\" groaned Roddy. He put a hand to his head. \"Oh, this is worse than I thought it would be and I didn't think it would be very nice…\" Rita watched him sympathetically. The lunchbox was profoundly not the Jammy Dodger and the most that could be said for it was that it floated better than a brick. But with no propulsion or rudder, it was impossible to handle and the current flowing down the storm drain tossed it about at a whim. She tied the transformer tighter around her and shook her hair to shake the water out of it. The tunnel walls flashed past in a blur, but Rita had developed her sense of direction under circumstances like these and her internal compass had never led her astray. Well, not more than once or twice, anyway. \"Close the lid,\" she said suddenly. \"You what?\" Roddy stared. \"Bad enough getting seasick but now you think claustrophobia would be a good idea?\" \"Beats drowning,\" said Rita. She pointed ahead, where the flowing water seemed to disappear. There was a distant thundering. A waterfall where the high storm drain met the lower trunk tunnel. Roddy sighed and stoically helped Rita pull the lunchbox lid down, sealing them into inky, bumpy blackness. \"It'll be all right, Roddy,\" said Rita comfortingly, feeling about until she located Roddy's hand. His fur was damp with water, but his touch was cold. He was clearly terrified, but seemed to be controlling it well. \"Just so long as it's fast,\" said Roddy, teeth chattering. Rita squeezed his hand and opened her mouth to say something, but then the floor dropped out from underneath them. There was a sickening feeling of weightlessness as they went over the waterfall, and then a bone-jarring impact as they hit the bottom. Water seeped into the box for a few seconds before it surfaced again and Rita leapt to her feet, punching open the lid. In the wider trunk tunnel, the current was much less violent. It bore them swiftly but steadily, and Rita breathed a sigh of relief as she helped Roddy to his feet. \"We're nearly there, Roddy. This should run right under Paddington. We'll be back at the Dodger in no time.\" \"You're not kidding,\" said Roddy. \"Just out of interest, are you sure you tied her up properly?\" \"What, the Dodger ? As if I ever don't! What makes you ask?\" Roddy pointed a shaky finger. A red and white boat was bobbing along on the current a little way off. Rita stared at it. \"Well…I thought I tied it up properly…\" she muttered. \"You thought?\" \"Yes!\" \"I'm genuinely impressed. Can we get on board a proper boat now, please?\" Roddy grinned weakly. Rita rolled her eyes and watched as the flow brought the box alongside the Jammy Dodger II. Moving from one moving vessel to another was a finely-honed skill and dangerous at the best of times. With the flow as strong as it was, this was not the best of times. If she fell in, there was no way to get back. \"Are you sure this is safe?\" said Roddy, noticing that as well. \"Of course it isn't,\" said Rita. \"But we've got no choice, have we? If you fall in, just remember this- never, ever try to swim against an opposing current. Swim across it.\" She returned her gaze to the Jammy Dodger II . Hands around her waist broke her concentration and she looked around as Roddy tied them together with the grapnel line. \"Good idea,\" she muttered. \"Now hang on.\" She waited until the two hulls touched, and made her jump as they began drifting apart. Rita's hands grabbed onto the railing of the Jammy Dodger II and strained to hold her as her feet went into the water. \"Rita!\" Roddy looked set to follow her. She shook her head and hauled herself up painfully. \"I'm all right! Hold on!\" Rita gritted her teeth and redoubled her efforts. She felt a weight fall from her shoulders and looked around to see the transformer slip out of its sling and fall into the torrent. \"No!\" She grabbed for it, but it was far too late. She and Roddy watched it be swept away. She tried not to think what the loss could mean for her father, and swung a leg over the railings. Rita dropped onto the bucking deck and turned back. Roddy waited for the two to drift together again, and then jumped. His damp hand slipped off the railing and he plunged into the swift-moving water. Rita gasped and quickly wrapped the grapnel line around the railings, bracing herself for the shock when it reached full extension. She was nearly pulled off her feet and winced as the railing dug into her ribs. \"Rita!\" Roddy broke the surface for long enough to shout her name before being pulled under again by the current. \"You're not getting away with it that easily, Roddy!\" she shouted, heaving on the line. Roddy felt the line tighten around his waist and struck out for the boat, fighting the water as best as he could. He remembered Rita's advice and tried swimming across the powerful currents rather than against them. Despite all probability, it seemed to work. A hand reached over the side of the boat and gripped Roddy's wrist so tightly that it hurt. Rita hauled him out of the water and helped him climb dripping onto the deck. \"Thank you,\" said Roddy, breathlessly wringing out his sleeves. \"You're welcome,\" said Rita, panting with effort. She looked around the boat and shook her head in wonderment. \"Come on, let's get the engine started and go home.\"[Chapter 6] The Jammy Dodger II battled its way into Ratropolis. The canals were virtually deserted as there were few boats in the city capable of fighting the torrents that raced through them, carrying a cargo of flotsam that was caught in the city's salvage nets. Roddy caught Rita eyeing one or two particularly choice pieces and coughed warningly. \"Eyes front, trooper,\" he said. \"Yes, sir,\" said Rita, smiling. Roddy blinked. \"Well…that was unexpected. Who are you and what have you done with Rita? Or could it be that you're developing a certain respect for me?\" \"Stranger things have happened, Roddy, but not as many as you'd think.\" Rita grinned and pointed ahead of them. \"See? Your fan club is already waiting for us.\" Roddy looked. Adele was standing on the dockside with a handful of other rats. She noticed the Jammy Dodger II approaching and waved it over. \"Roddy! Over here!\" \"What's the problem, Scoop?\" shouted Rita as they came alongside. \"It's Stough! He's had your father arrested!\" Rita froze. \"He's what? That double-crosser! He said he wouldn't!\" \"And you believed him?\" \"Not really, but still…I thought I'd at least be here!\" Rita thumped the wheel in anger. \"I've got to go and help him!\" \"I'll go,\" said Roddy. \"You need to get back and check on your family.\" Rita stared at him as she realised that he could be right. What if Stough had attacked her house again? The thought chilled her. \"I'll be all right,\" said Roddy. \"We've dealt with worse than Stough before. Go, Rita, you'll catch me up quickly enough!\" He was already clambering over the rail. Rita watched him go, clearly torn between going with him and her family. She sighed and made her decision. \"Fine, I'll be back soon! Be careful and don't do anything I wouldn't do!\" \"That's some fine mutually exclusive advice there, Rita, I'll bear at least half of it in mind!\" Roddy grinned encouragingly and saluted her. \"Godspeed, captain!\" Rita returned the salute, her heart pounding, and opened the throttle to take the boat back into the channels. Roddy watched her go and then turned to Adele and the others. He recognised most of their faces from the campaign rallies, but couldn't put a name to any of them. \"And when were you going to tell me who you really were, Adele?\" he said. \"You what?\" she blinked in surprise. \"We went to Edinburgh. We met Valentine. We know what's going on.\" \"You do? Oh…right. Sorry about that.\" \"On the subject of things you should be sorry for,\" said Roddy. 'What were you playing at in the tunnel at Paddington with the bricks?\" \"Oh…that. Yes.\" Adele had the decency to look embarrassed. \"Well, we thought that Stough was going to send someone, but I only found out it was you at the last minute. I figured that something had to be awry so…I tried to think of a way to stop you going to Paddington.\" \"By dropping bricks on us?\" Roddy asked. Adele shook her head frantically. \" Near you! Near you! We never meant to hit you. Just…discourage you. I guess I misjudged the determination of my audience,\" she finished, with a telling nod in the direction of Rita's exit. \"You're not wrong,\" said Roddy, with feeling. \"Now-\" \"Sorry, ma'am,\" said one of the others. \"But do we have time for this?\" \"Valentine isn't here yet,\" said Adele. \"Why didn't he come with you, Roddy?\" Roddy coughed a little, remembering that they had left him behind in Scotland. \"He might be a while,\" he said vaguely. \"It's up to us for now.\" He looked up to the Floodgate Control Tower and shivered. \"Let's get this over with.\" Adele looked at him and sighed. \"Well, I knew this wasn't going to be a textbook operation. All right. But we don't know what's going on in there. Mr Malone could be in danger.\" \"I'll go in first,\" said Roddy, setting off. \"If Stough sees you kicking in his doors he might do something irrational.\" \"Because nobody ever acts irrational around you, Roddy?\" said Adele, grinning. \"They do, but it's mainly Rita,\" said Roddy. \"And thus can be discounted.\" Adele laughed. \"She's very involved in this, isn't she?\" Roddy looked at her and remembered that she didn't know about the Malone's past with Bert Stough. \"She takes things seriously,\" he said. Adele nodded. \"Well, here goes nothing, Roddy. You've got ten minutes before I start throwing stun grenades through the windows.\" Roddy set off and did a double-take. \"You have stun grenades?\" Adele sighed wistfully. \"If only.\" \"That's what I thought,\" Roddy looked up at the darkened windows and braced himself. \"I'll see you in ten minutes, then.\" Inside the mayoral offices, it was dark and silent. Roddy crept into the reception area and realised that there was nobody there despite the large piles of boxes stacked around the room. He straightened up and peered around before he heard voices, apparently coming from the wall. A faint glow of candelight traced the outline of a door. Roddy pushed it open gently and stuck his head through. Mr Malone was sitting in a chair to which his ankles had been tied. A table had been set up in front on him with a piece of paper on it. Candles glowed around him. Bert Stough was standing in front of the desk, the mayoral chains glittering around his neck. \"I'm not signing anything, Bert,\" said Mr Malone. \"Take it away.\" \"I'm going to make this as simple for you as possible, Malone,\" said Stough evenly. \"You are under arrest. Now, you're free to apply for bail, but if you do I will need a surety consisting of your property. If you don't want to apply for bail, you'll need money for a legal defence which will require you to sell your property. It is also, however, possible that I will be munificent enough to forget all of this and let you go.\" \"In exchange for my property?\" said Mr Malone. \"Indeed.\" \"Forget it. You're not getting your hands on that house while there's a Malone inside it.\" Mr Malone glared defiantly. \"That can also be arranged,\" said Stough. \"But this is better for both of us. Just sign the deed over to me, and you can walk out of here.\" \"And what about the election? You know I'll beat you, Bert, don't lie. I'm not getting out of here before the votes are counted.\" Roddy moved slightly. A stack of boxes collapsed over him. Cursing, he looked down at them and widened his eyes in shock. They were ballot boxes, stuffed full of votes- despite the fact that the polls hadn't opened yet. Roddy picked one up and looked at it. It was for Stough, as were all of the others. But the noise had attracted some unwanted attention. A hand fastened itself on his shoulder and propelled him through the door into the candlelit room. Thimblenose Ted stepped through after him, shutting the door as he came. Roddy staggered and looked up at Stough and Mr Malone. \"Roddy!\" said Mr Malone. \"I was so worried! How's Rita?\" \"She's fine,\" said Roddy. \"But your game's up Stough, you won't get off for this one!\" He waved the forged ballot paper triumphantly. Stough smiled at him. \"So you two made it back after all. I would normally call that a pity…but under the circumstances it might not be so bad.\" \"It's worse than you can comprehend, Stough,\" said Mr Malone, grinning. \"Oh, yes…but not for me.\" Stough pointed to the fridge, standing darkly in the corner. \"Ted?\" Roddy had just enough time to work out what was happening before he was pushed to the ground and bound hand and foot. \"Now your choice is even easier, Malone,\" said Stough as Ted hustled Roddy towards the fridge. \"Sign the deeds, or your daughter's friend here will suffer a very nasty accident indeed!\" \"That ain't going to work, Bert,\" said Mr Malone. \"The power's off, remember! That thing don't work any more.\" Stough grinned. \"Doesn't it now? Ted?\" Thimblenose grinned and threw the switch to open the door. The chill hit Roddy immediately as he stared into the interior of the Ice Maker for the first time since he and Rita as escaped the Toad. Mr Malone also felt the cold breeze and he paused in shock. \"Not everything in this city runs off the power supply you so inconsiderately broke,\" said Stough, climbing the steps to the control panel. \"Humans, whatever their faults, know how to build things.\" He punched a button. With a whirr of machinery, the lights flickered back on. A glow from beyond the window indicated that power had been restored to the city as well. \"You set it up!\" shouted Roddy. \"You set it all up to get Rita and I away so you could do this!\" \"Yes, I think that much is obvious,\" said Stough. \"You're a nasty piece of work,\" snapped Mr Malone. \"Just when I think you couldn't get much lower, you come out with this.\" Stough ignored the insult. \"You still haven't given me my answer,\" he said. He pushed the paper towards Mr Malone. \"Sign it, or young St. James becomes an exhibit.\" Mr Malone's eyes flickered from Roddy to the paper, and then he sagged visibly. \"All right,\" he muttered. \"Give me the pen.\" \"No! Don't!\" Roddy called. He had lost track of time, but surely Adele and her squad would be here soon? He couldn't let Mr Malone give the game away at the last minute. \"Son?\" Mr Malone gaped. \"It'll be all right!\" Roddy strained against his bindings. \"Don't worry about me! You've got to think about your family! What'll happen to them if you give him the house?\" \"What'll happen to you if I don't?\" Mr Malone looked agonised. \"I've got to, Roddy, I can't have you on my conscience as well!\" \"I know what happened!\" Roddy looked at him. \"Rita told me! Trust me, Mr Malone!\" Stough lost his patience. \"Ice him!\" he snapped. Ted pushed Roddy into the Ice Maker and slammed the door as the glass descended over him. Well, this is familiar, thought Roddy. Pity Rita's not here this time. I could do with her help . He shivered. Maybe this wasn't such as good idea…where's Adele? And Valentine? When's Rita getting back? He heard the machinery hiss into life and looked up in horror at the nozzles that emptied the water and liquid nitrogen into the glass. Maybe it isn't all that bad. After all, Spike and Whitey survived it and still chased us. Although they had each other's body heat, I guess…and they were only iced for a few seconds. Oh, dear. Think warming thoughts, Roddy, think warming thoughts! \"So sad it had to be this way,\" said Stough. \"But you had your chance to save him. Now, Ted. Do it now.\" Roddy curled up into a ball to preserve his body warmth and began hoping for a miracle. Those stun grenades would be a start. He tried not to think about what was about to happen, and took a deep breath of air, trying to think of a thought that might sustain him, or at least be a good one to die with. I love you, Rita. He smiled at the four simple words. That would do. He spoke them aloud as the hiss of pressure rose. He was still repeating them to himself when the cold enveloped him. Rita burst through the door of the family home brandishing a boathook and looking for someone to kill. She was somewhat taken aback to be confronted with the usual scene of domestic chaos, with the interesting additions of Sid, who was looking panicky and tried to hide behind a cushion at the sight of the boathook, and Harold the ex-prophet, who was looking more-than-usually depressed. Candles were propped in the corners of the room. \"Rita! You're back! We were so worried, you were gone for so long!\" Mrs Malone came out of the kitchen wiping her hands. She went to hug her daughter, but Rita was still moving. She crossed to the mantelpiece where Roddy's sabre was sitting in a bracket. \"Rita? What are you doing?\" \"Haven't you heard about dad?\" Rita picked up the weapon and drew it, turning it this way and that to see how the golden light fell across the blade. \"Well, yes, Sid told me…\" Mrs Malone looked flustered. \"But-\" Rita cut off her mother and explained the rest of it. \"So you're taking Roddy's sword?\" \"Yes,\" said Rita simply. \"I'm going to turn it sideways and shove it up Stough's-\" She stopped herself just in time. \"I mean, I'm going to get dad and Roddy back.\" Mrs Malone opened her mouth to reply just as the electric lights blazed back on. \"Power's back!\" said Harold. \"That didn't take as long as I thought,\" \"You thought it'd never be back,\" said Sid. Rita looked at her mother as she jammed the sabre into her belt. Mrs Malone nodded and went back into the kitchen. She re-emerged with a large rolling pin. \"Harold? Mind the children for me. I'll be back soon.\" She nodded to her daughter, who seemed somewhat wrong-footed by her mother's sudden militancy. \"You're not the only one with an interest in this, Rita,\" she said. \"Mum?\" Rita gaped. \"Shift yourself, Rita! There's work to be done!\" Adele Scoop looked around her squad and nodded. \"All right,\" she said. \"That should be long enough. Let's go.\" She stepped forwards as the Jammy Dodger approached at high speed and slammed into the dock. Rita leapt off, not bothering to secure her boat, followed by Mrs Malone. Adele stared at them. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Your job, Scoop,\" said Rita, drawing the sword in her belt. \"Pardon? I don't remember anyone calling for the cavalry!\" \"Maybe not, Officer, but we're here anyway!\" Adele looked around as Valentine arrived with his squad. They were wearing black jumpsuits criss-crossed with bandoliers. Adele saluted. \"Sir! I was just getting ready to storm the place!\" \"And don't let me stop you,\" said Valentine. He nodded to Rita. \"I thought we'd meet in a situation like this. I'm only glad I didn't miss it. Would it be stupid of me to ask if you have a permit for that sword?\" Rita shifted her grip on it. \"Depends on how you define 'stupid',\" she said grimly. \"What took you so long?\" \"Well, it's a long way from Edinburgh as you well know,\" said Valentine, shrugging. \"And some fool, whose name does not occur to me at the moment, seems to have derailed a train just outside London and blocked the track.\" \"Ready?\" shouted Adele. \"Now! Go! Go! Go!\" The door yielded quickly to a flurry of blows and the squad burst into the reception area where they stopped and looked around the empty room dumbly. \"Well, that was anticlimactic,\" said Mrs Malone, subsiding a little. Rita stared around. \"They must be here somewhere!\" She remembered the hidden door and pointed to it. \"There!\" Valentine looked at it and nodded. \"Right. On count of three?\" \"What is it with people and counting to three?\" said Rita. \"Let's just go now!\" They crashed through the door into the control room. Stough looked around I surprise. Ted reached for something inside his jacket, but Rita threw a punch that even Valentine didn't see coming and dropped him like a stone. \"Bert Stough, you're under arrest!\" Valentine shouted. \"What for?\" The mayor was already backing off. \"We can start with electoral fraud,\" said Adele, brandishing one of the fake ballot boxes. \"And work our way up from there!\" \"You do not have to say anything,\" said Valentine, advancing, \"But it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something you may later rely on in court. Anything you do say-\" \"I assure you, there's been a misunderstanding,\" said Stough. \" Anything you do say may be nailed to your forehead and given in evidence against you,\" finished Valentine, raising a finger. \"Metaphorically speaking. For now, at least. Do you understand?\" \"There's some kind of mistake,\" said Stough. His eyes darted around, but lingered too long on the fridge to go unnoticed. Valentine waved, signalling his squad to open it. Rita ran to her father and untied him. She smiled at him triumphantly, but her expression froze when she saw his ashen face. \"Dad? What's wrong? Are you all right?\" She realised that someone was missing. \"Where's Roddy?\" \"I'm sorry, Rita,\" said Mr Malone hoarsely. \"I'm so sorry. I couldn't stop him.\" Rita stood up and looked around. The door to the fridge cracked open, and a mould of ice slid out onto the floor between them. There was no mistaking the figure frozen at the bottom of it. Rita's scream took everyone by surprise. It was almost primal, a wordless expression of purest pain and rage. She threw herself across the room and tacked Bert Stough to the ground even as her parents ran to the block of ice. \"No!\" she screamed. \"I'll kill you for that! I loved him and you killed him!\" \"Get him out of there!\" hissed Mrs Malone. Mr Malone fussed over the ice block. \"We've got to be careful breaking it! If we do it wrong we could hurt him!\" \"Oh, for Pete's sake,\" Mrs Malone rolled her eyes and hefted the rolling pin. She administered a blow that could have split a mountain. The ice shattered like glass, leaving Roddy on the floor as it began to melt. She knelt beside him and brushed ice splinters from his clothes. Rita raised Roddy's sword. At least he might be avenged by his own blade. \"And not just for him either! I should have had a sister, Stough!\" Tears welled up in Rita's eyes, but the sword stayed level. \"You took my sister and now you've taken Roddy!\" \"Don't!\" Stough begged. There was real fear in his eyes and Rita revelled savagely in the fact. After so long, he was finally going to pay. \"Let him go, Rita!\" said Valentine. \"He's ours now!\" \"What do you know, Val?\" snapped Rita. \"You want to arrest me after this? Fine! He murdered Roddy! You think I care what happens to me now?\" She tightened her grip on the sabre and returned her glare to Stough. \"This is better than you deserve,\" she hissed. She drew back the sword and prepared to strike. A hand took her elbow. Not tightly, but implacably, holding it steady. Rita started in shock at the cold touch and turned around, hardly daring to breathe. Roddy St. James, fur soaked with melted frost, was standing behind her, holding her arm. \"Put it down, Rita,\" he said gently. \"You don't need that. Just put it down.\" \"Roddy?\" Rita's eyes wavered. \"Put it down,\" Roddy repeated. \"You're right. It is better than he deserves. But now he'll go on trial. Everyone will find out what he did. Let him go. This is the sort of thing he'd do, and you're better than that. That's why I love you.\" Rita's heart stopped at the words. The sabre fell from her grip and clattered onto the floor. Tears rose up in her eyes and came forth in an expression of emotion every bit as heartfelt as the scream had been. Sagging against Roddy, she dropped to her knees and cried unashamedly even as Valentine and Adele hauled Stough to his feet and led him away. \"It's all right,\" said Roddy, kneeling by her and stroking her hair. \"It's all right.\" Her parents joined them and embraced Rita, holding her as the sobs wracked her body and consoling her. But it was a long time before they succeeded. Roddy lay back in the bath and wondered whether anything would ever be hot enough again. Steam rose in thick, roiling clouds, but he still felt a deep chill within his bones that he was half-sure would never leave him. Through the open window, he could hear the music and cheers of the proclamation ceremony. Mr Malone's triumphant voice could be heard above the crowd as the new mayor addressed his city for the first time. Having his opponent arrested for a startlingly long list of crimes had helped, but he had swept the popular vote by a margin bigger than even Sid had predicted.","LastChapter":"The Jammy Dodger II battled its way into Ratropolis. The canals were virtually deserted as there were few boats in the city capable of fighting the torrents that raced through them, carrying a cargo of flotsam that was caught in the city's salvage nets. Roddy caught Rita eyeing one or two particularly choice pieces and coughed warningly. \"Eyes front, trooper,\" he said. \"Yes, sir,\" said Rita, smiling. Roddy blinked. \"Well…that was unexpected. Who are you and what have you done with Rita? Or could it be that you're developing a certain respect for me?\" \"Stranger things have happened, Roddy, but not as many as you'd think.\" Rita grinned and pointed ahead of them. \"See? Your fan club is already waiting for us.\" Roddy looked. Adele was standing on the dockside with a handful of other rats. She noticed the Jammy Dodger II approaching and waved it over. \"Roddy! Over here!\" \"What's the problem, Scoop?\" shouted Rita as they came alongside. \"It's Stough! He's had your father arrested!\" Rita froze. \"He's what? That double-crosser! He said he wouldn't!\" \"And you believed him?\" \"Not really, but still…I thought I'd at least be here!\" Rita thumped the wheel in anger. \"I've got to go and help him!\" \"I'll go,\" said Roddy. \"You need to get back and check on your family.\" Rita stared at him as she realised that he could be right. What if Stough had attacked her house again? The thought chilled her. \"I'll be all right,\" said Roddy. \"We've dealt with worse than Stough before. Go, Rita, you'll catch me up quickly enough!\" He was already clambering over the rail. Rita watched him go, clearly torn between going with him and her family. She sighed and made her decision. \"Fine, I'll be back soon! Be careful and don't do anything I wouldn't do!\" \"That's some fine mutually exclusive advice there, Rita, I'll bear at least half of it in mind!\" Roddy grinned encouragingly and saluted her. \"Godspeed, captain!\" Rita returned the salute, her heart pounding, and opened the throttle to take the boat back into the channels. Roddy watched her go and then turned to Adele and the others. He recognised most of their faces from the campaign rallies, but couldn't put a name to any of them. \"And when were you going to tell me who you really were, Adele?\" he said. \"You what?\" she blinked in surprise. \"We went to Edinburgh. We met Valentine. We know what's going on.\" \"You do? Oh…right. Sorry about that.\" \"On the subject of things you should be sorry for,\" said Roddy. 'What were you playing at in the tunnel at Paddington with the bricks?\" \"Oh…that. Yes.\" Adele had the decency to look embarrassed. \"Well, we thought that Stough was going to send someone, but I only found out it was you at the last minute. I figured that something had to be awry so…I tried to think of a way to stop you going to Paddington.\" \"By dropping bricks on us?\" Roddy asked. Adele shook her head frantically. \" Near you! Near you! We never meant to hit you. Just…discourage you. I guess I misjudged the determination of my audience,\" she finished, with a telling nod in the direction of Rita's exit. \"You're not wrong,\" said Roddy, with feeling. \"Now-\" \"Sorry, ma'am,\" said one of the others. \"But do we have time for this?\" \"Valentine isn't here yet,\" said Adele. \"Why didn't he come with you, Roddy?\" Roddy coughed a little, remembering that they had left him behind in Scotland. \"He might be a while,\" he said vaguely. \"It's up to us for now.\" He looked up to the Floodgate Control Tower and shivered. \"Let's get this over with.\" Adele looked at him and sighed. \"Well, I knew this wasn't going to be a textbook operation. All right. But we don't know what's going on in there. Mr Malone could be in danger.\" \"I'll go in first,\" said Roddy, setting off. \"If Stough sees you kicking in his doors he might do something irrational.\" \"Because nobody ever acts irrational around you, Roddy?\" said Adele, grinning. \"They do, but it's mainly Rita,\" said Roddy. \"And thus can be discounted.\" Adele laughed. \"She's very involved in this, isn't she?\" Roddy looked at her and remembered that she didn't know about the Malone's past with Bert Stough. \"She takes things seriously,\" he said. Adele nodded. \"Well, here goes nothing, Roddy. You've got ten minutes before I start throwing stun grenades through the windows.\" Roddy set off and did a double-take. \"You have stun grenades?\" Adele sighed wistfully. \"If only.\" \"That's what I thought,\" Roddy looked up at the darkened windows and braced himself. \"I'll see you in ten minutes, then.\" Inside the mayoral offices, it was dark and silent. Roddy crept into the reception area and realised that there was nobody there despite the large piles of boxes stacked around the room. He straightened up and peered around before he heard voices, apparently coming from the wall. A faint glow of candelight traced the outline of a door. Roddy pushed it open gently and stuck his head through. Mr Malone was sitting in a chair to which his ankles had been tied. A table had been set up in front on him with a piece of paper on it. Candles glowed around him. Bert Stough was standing in front of the desk, the mayoral chains glittering around his neck. \"I'm not signing anything, Bert,\" said Mr Malone. \"Take it away.\" \"I'm going to make this as simple for you as possible, Malone,\" said Stough evenly. \"You are under arrest. Now, you're free to apply for bail, but if you do I will need a surety consisting of your property. If you don't want to apply for bail, you'll need money for a legal defence which will require you to sell your property. It is also, however, possible that I will be munificent enough to forget all of this and let you go.\" \"In exchange for my property?\" said Mr Malone. \"Indeed.\" \"Forget it. You're not getting your hands on that house while there's a Malone inside it.\" Mr Malone glared defiantly. \"That can also be arranged,\" said Stough. \"But this is better for both of us. Just sign the deed over to me, and you can walk out of here.\" \"And what about the election? You know I'll beat you, Bert, don't lie. I'm not getting out of here before the votes are counted.\" Roddy moved slightly. A stack of boxes collapsed over him. Cursing, he looked down at them and widened his eyes in shock. They were ballot boxes, stuffed full of votes- despite the fact that the polls hadn't opened yet. Roddy picked one up and looked at it. It was for Stough, as were all of the others. But the noise had attracted some unwanted attention. A hand fastened itself on his shoulder and propelled him through the door into the candlelit room. Thimblenose Ted stepped through after him, shutting the door as he came. Roddy staggered and looked up at Stough and Mr Malone. \"Roddy!\" said Mr Malone. \"I was so worried! How's Rita?\" \"She's fine,\" said Roddy. \"But your game's up Stough, you won't get off for this one!\" He waved the forged ballot paper triumphantly. Stough smiled at him. \"So you two made it back after all. I would normally call that a pity…but under the circumstances it might not be so bad.\" \"It's worse than you can comprehend, Stough,\" said Mr Malone, grinning. \"Oh, yes…but not for me.\" Stough pointed to the fridge, standing darkly in the corner. \"Ted?\" Roddy had just enough time to work out what was happening before he was pushed to the ground and bound hand and foot. \"Now your choice is even easier, Malone,\" said Stough as Ted hustled Roddy towards the fridge. \"Sign the deeds, or your daughter's friend here will suffer a very nasty accident indeed!\" \"That ain't going to work, Bert,\" said Mr Malone. \"The power's off, remember! That thing don't work any more.\" Stough grinned. \"Doesn't it now? Ted?\" Thimblenose grinned and threw the switch to open the door. The chill hit Roddy immediately as he stared into the interior of the Ice Maker for the first time since he and Rita as escaped the Toad. Mr Malone also felt the cold breeze and he paused in shock. \"Not everything in this city runs off the power supply you so inconsiderately broke,\" said Stough, climbing the steps to the control panel. \"Humans, whatever their faults, know how to build things.\" He punched a button. With a whirr of machinery, the lights flickered back on. A glow from beyond the window indicated that power had been restored to the city as well. \"You set it up!\" shouted Roddy. \"You set it all up to get Rita and I away so you could do this!\" \"Yes, I think that much is obvious,\" said Stough. \"You're a nasty piece of work,\" snapped Mr Malone. \"Just when I think you couldn't get much lower, you come out with this.\" Stough ignored the insult. \"You still haven't given me my answer,\" he said. He pushed the paper towards Mr Malone. \"Sign it, or young St. James becomes an exhibit.\" Mr Malone's eyes flickered from Roddy to the paper, and then he sagged visibly. \"All right,\" he muttered. \"Give me the pen.\" \"No! Don't!\" Roddy called. He had lost track of time, but surely Adele and her squad would be here soon? He couldn't let Mr Malone give the game away at the last minute. \"Son?\" Mr Malone gaped. \"It'll be all right!\" Roddy strained against his bindings. \"Don't worry about me! You've got to think about your family! What'll happen to them if you give him the house?\" \"What'll happen to you if I don't?\" Mr Malone looked agonised. \"I've got to, Roddy, I can't have you on my conscience as well!\" \"I know what happened!\" Roddy looked at him. \"Rita told me! Trust me, Mr Malone!\" Stough lost his patience. \"Ice him!\" he snapped. Ted pushed Roddy into the Ice Maker and slammed the door as the glass descended over him. Well, this is familiar, thought Roddy. Pity Rita's not here this time. I could do with her help . He shivered. Maybe this wasn't such as good idea…where's Adele? And Valentine? When's Rita getting back? He heard the machinery hiss into life and looked up in horror at the nozzles that emptied the water and liquid nitrogen into the glass. Maybe it isn't all that bad. After all, Spike and Whitey survived it and still chased us. Although they had each other's body heat, I guess…and they were only iced for a few seconds. Oh, dear. Think warming thoughts, Roddy, think warming thoughts! \"So sad it had to be this way,\" said Stough. \"But you had your chance to save him. Now, Ted. Do it now.\" Roddy curled up into a ball to preserve his body warmth and began hoping for a miracle. Those stun grenades would be a start. He tried not to think about what was about to happen, and took a deep breath of air, trying to think of a thought that might sustain him, or at least be a good one to die with. I love you, Rita. He smiled at the four simple words. That would do. He spoke them aloud as the hiss of pressure rose. He was still repeating them to himself when the cold enveloped him. Rita burst through the door of the family home brandishing a boathook and looking for someone to kill. She was somewhat taken aback to be confronted with the usual scene of domestic chaos, with the interesting additions of Sid, who was looking panicky and tried to hide behind a cushion at the sight of the boathook, and Harold the ex-prophet, who was looking more-than-usually depressed. Candles were propped in the corners of the room. \"Rita! You're back! We were so worried, you were gone for so long!\" Mrs Malone came out of the kitchen wiping her hands. She went to hug her daughter, but Rita was still moving. She crossed to the mantelpiece where Roddy's sabre was sitting in a bracket. \"Rita? What are you doing?\" \"Haven't you heard about dad?\" Rita picked up the weapon and drew it, turning it this way and that to see how the golden light fell across the blade. \"Well, yes, Sid told me…\" Mrs Malone looked flustered. \"But-\" Rita cut off her mother and explained the rest of it. \"So you're taking Roddy's sword?\" \"Yes,\" said Rita simply. \"I'm going to turn it sideways and shove it up Stough's-\" She stopped herself just in time. \"I mean, I'm going to get dad and Roddy back.\" Mrs Malone opened her mouth to reply just as the electric lights blazed back on. \"Power's back!\" said Harold. \"That didn't take as long as I thought,\" \"You thought it'd never be back,\" said Sid. Rita looked at her mother as she jammed the sabre into her belt. Mrs Malone nodded and went back into the kitchen. She re-emerged with a large rolling pin. \"Harold? Mind the children for me. I'll be back soon.\" She nodded to her daughter, who seemed somewhat wrong-footed by her mother's sudden militancy. \"You're not the only one with an interest in this, Rita,\" she said. \"Mum?\" Rita gaped. \"Shift yourself, Rita! There's work to be done!\" Adele Scoop looked around her squad and nodded. \"All right,\" she said. \"That should be long enough. Let's go.\" She stepped forwards as the Jammy Dodger approached at high speed and slammed into the dock. Rita leapt off, not bothering to secure her boat, followed by Mrs Malone. Adele stared at them. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Your job, Scoop,\" said Rita, drawing the sword in her belt. \"Pardon? I don't remember anyone calling for the cavalry!\" \"Maybe not, Officer, but we're here anyway!\" Adele looked around as Valentine arrived with his squad. They were wearing black jumpsuits criss-crossed with bandoliers. Adele saluted. \"Sir! I was just getting ready to storm the place!\" \"And don't let me stop you,\" said Valentine. He nodded to Rita. \"I thought we'd meet in a situation like this. I'm only glad I didn't miss it. Would it be stupid of me to ask if you have a permit for that sword?\" Rita shifted her grip on it. \"Depends on how you define 'stupid',\" she said grimly. \"What took you so long?\" \"Well, it's a long way from Edinburgh as you well know,\" said Valentine, shrugging. \"And some fool, whose name does not occur to me at the moment, seems to have derailed a train just outside London and blocked the track.\" \"Ready?\" shouted Adele. \"Now! Go! Go! Go!\" The door yielded quickly to a flurry of blows and the squad burst into the reception area where they stopped and looked around the empty room dumbly. \"Well, that was anticlimactic,\" said Mrs Malone, subsiding a little. Rita stared around. \"They must be here somewhere!\" She remembered the hidden door and pointed to it. \"There!\" Valentine looked at it and nodded. \"Right. On count of three?\" \"What is it with people and counting to three?\" said Rita. \"Let's just go now!\" They crashed through the door into the control room. Stough looked around I surprise. Ted reached for something inside his jacket, but Rita threw a punch that even Valentine didn't see coming and dropped him like a stone. \"Bert Stough, you're under arrest!\" Valentine shouted. \"What for?\" The mayor was already backing off. \"We can start with electoral fraud,\" said Adele, brandishing one of the fake ballot boxes. \"And work our way up from there!\" \"You do not have to say anything,\" said Valentine, advancing, \"But it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something you may later rely on in court. Anything you do say-\" \"I assure you, there's been a misunderstanding,\" said Stough. \" Anything you do say may be nailed to your forehead and given in evidence against you,\" finished Valentine, raising a finger. \"Metaphorically speaking. For now, at least. Do you understand?\" \"There's some kind of mistake,\" said Stough. His eyes darted around, but lingered too long on the fridge to go unnoticed. Valentine waved, signalling his squad to open it. Rita ran to her father and untied him. She smiled at him triumphantly, but her expression froze when she saw his ashen face. \"Dad? What's wrong? Are you all right?\" She realised that someone was missing. \"Where's Roddy?\" \"I'm sorry, Rita,\" said Mr Malone hoarsely. \"I'm so sorry. I couldn't stop him.\" Rita stood up and looked around. The door to the fridge cracked open, and a mould of ice slid out onto the floor between them. There was no mistaking the figure frozen at the bottom of it. Rita's scream took everyone by surprise. It was almost primal, a wordless expression of purest pain and rage. She threw herself across the room and tacked Bert Stough to the ground even as her parents ran to the block of ice. \"No!\" she screamed. \"I'll kill you for that! I loved him and you killed him!\" \"Get him out of there!\" hissed Mrs Malone. Mr Malone fussed over the ice block. \"We've got to be careful breaking it! If we do it wrong we could hurt him!\" \"Oh, for Pete's sake,\" Mrs Malone rolled her eyes and hefted the rolling pin. She administered a blow that could have split a mountain. The ice shattered like glass, leaving Roddy on the floor as it began to melt. She knelt beside him and brushed ice splinters from his clothes. Rita raised Roddy's sword. At least he might be avenged by his own blade. \"And not just for him either! I should have had a sister, Stough!\" Tears welled up in Rita's eyes, but the sword stayed level. \"You took my sister and now you've taken Roddy!\" \"Don't!\" Stough begged. There was real fear in his eyes and Rita revelled savagely in the fact. After so long, he was finally going to pay. \"Let him go, Rita!\" said Valentine. \"He's ours now!\" \"What do you know, Val?\" snapped Rita. \"You want to arrest me after this? Fine! He murdered Roddy! You think I care what happens to me now?\" She tightened her grip on the sabre and returned her glare to Stough. \"This is better than you deserve,\" she hissed. She drew back the sword and prepared to strike. A hand took her elbow. Not tightly, but implacably, holding it steady. Rita started in shock at the cold touch and turned around, hardly daring to breathe. Roddy St. James, fur soaked with melted frost, was standing behind her, holding her arm. \"Put it down, Rita,\" he said gently. \"You don't need that. Just put it down.\" \"Roddy?\" Rita's eyes wavered. \"Put it down,\" Roddy repeated. \"You're right. It is better than he deserves. But now he'll go on trial. Everyone will find out what he did. Let him go. This is the sort of thing he'd do, and you're better than that. That's why I love you.\" Rita's heart stopped at the words. The sabre fell from her grip and clattered onto the floor. Tears rose up in her eyes and came forth in an expression of emotion every bit as heartfelt as the scream had been. Sagging against Roddy, she dropped to her knees and cried unashamedly even as Valentine and Adele hauled Stough to his feet and led him away. \"It's all right,\" said Roddy, kneeling by her and stroking her hair. \"It's all right.\" Her parents joined them and embraced Rita, holding her as the sobs wracked her body and consoling her. But it was a long time before they succeeded. Roddy lay back in the bath and wondered whether anything would ever be hot enough again. Steam rose in thick, roiling clouds, but he still felt a deep chill within his bones that he was half-sure would never leave him. Through the open window, he could hear the music and cheers of the proclamation ceremony. Mr Malone's triumphant voice could be heard above the crowd as the new mayor addressed his city for the first time. Having his opponent arrested for a startlingly long list of crimes had helped, but he had swept the popular vote by a margin bigger than even Sid had predicted.","Summary":" Much as I'd like to take the credit for what follows, it goes without saying that everything to do ","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Adventure Romance - Chapters: 6   - Words: 24,666 - Reviews: 28 - Favs: 11 - Follows: 4 - Updated: 6 14 2007 - Published: 5 30 2007 - Status: Complete - id: 3565285 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Flushed Away: Another Change of Scene","Author":"Firefall Bangenthump","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3417539","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The characters and story of Flushed Away are entirely the work of those miraculous boffins at Aardman and DreamWorks Studios. May they smile benevolently and not-too-patronisingly on my pilfering of their wonderful creations! This began life as a continuance of Flushed Away: A Change of Scene but evolved into a story so different as to deserve its own posting. My heartfelt gratitude to the kind reviewers of that first effort at a Flushed Away piece- I would not have written this without them. One day, a long time ago, Francois Grimaldi and a band of followers dressed themselves as monks and tricked their way into the inner sanctum of what was then a small Genoese colony on the Mediterranean. Casting their Franciscan cloaks aside, Grimaldi and his men attacked the surprised inhabitants with their concealed swords, capturing the citadel almost unopposed. It was a nasty trick, but Europe in 1297 was a nasty place and Grimaldi knew better than most that history was written by those who survived it. Thus began the events which saw an inconsequential northern Italian colony become the Independent Principality of Monaco. For this action, Francois Grimaldi earned himself the title of ' malitzia ', which translates as \"The Cunning\" or \"The Malicious\", depending on whose side you take. Of course, Francois Grimaldi was not the only one there. He, his men and their victims were not alone. Rodent eyes watched the treachery from the drains and the shadows, and some shrugged because life went on just the same whatever the humans did. But others remembered, and they told their children what had happened in the citadel, and they told their children, and they theirs. Contrary to popular imagination, rats have very good memories. And they know how to hold a grudge. A small band of rats retreated across the sea to Genoa, and there they told their stories and waited for the opportunity to reclaim the Principality for its rightful owners… The clash of steel on steel echoed up and down the Nice East Central Sewer as the Jammy Dodger II motored along it. Roddy St. James struck out with his sabre again, and again it was parried aside by his opponent, who then launched a counter-attack with snakebite speed. He retreated, defending himself as best as he could, but to no avail. The sabre was knocked out of his hands and he was forced to duck hurriedly in order to avoid losing his head. His attacker loomed over him and brought their own weapon down to deliver the coup de grace. Rita Malone pulled her punch at the last second, and the hatpin she had been wielding halted half an inch from Roddy's neck. Not for the first time, Roddy wondered whether it was a good idea asking her to be his sparring partner. Since acquiring the Royal Navy dress sabre that had once belonged to August St. James, a distant relative, he had wanted to learn how to use it. Swordsmanship, he felt instinctively, was something a gentleman should know and Roddy would still have used the word to describe himself despite his voluntary change of lifestyle. Rita, on the other hand, was no gentleman, and that was true not just in the obvious sense but in the metaphorical one. She was a dyed-in-the-wool street fighter and was willing to use anything which presented itself as a possible weapon. It had been with great difficulty that Roddy had persuaded her to limit herself only to the hatpin- early 'lessons' had involved the use of various implements ranging from a ball bearing up to and including a spare drive chain from the boat's engine. Rita's knowledge of swordsmanship extended about as far as knowing which end of the weapon was meant to go into your hand and which end, therefore, went into the enemy, but treated any rule more intricate as more akin to a guideline. She was, in short, enough to make the Marquess of Queensberry hang up his gloves and turn to growing basil. Roddy grinned up at her hopefully. \"I dub thee,\" said Rita regally, winking and tapping Roddy lightly on both shoulders with her makeshift sword, \"Sir Roderick St. James of Loserdom.\" \"Go easy!\" protested Roddy. \"I nearly beat you yesterday.\" \"Yesterday you tried to catch me unawares while I was putting my boots on,\" said Rita. \"That doesn't count. And remember, I still beat you anyway.\" \"Yes, but not exactly fairly.\" Roddy went to recover his sabre. \"I'm sure there's something in the rules about kicking your opponent. Certainly kicking him there , anyway.\" He nodded meaningfully. \"Hey, come off it! You were wearing a bottlecap there, remember? It isn't as if you didn't anticipate it.\" Rita sat down and pointed to the marked dent in her toecaps. Roddy winced. \"That didn't make it pleasant, exactly. And that's what you get for being so predictably underhanded.\" Rita stood up and patted his cheek lightly. \"Forget about where my hands are. I could beat you with my tail. Now are we done?\" \"We are,\" Roddy swept his blade up to the salute, nearly removing her nose in the process. \"Whoops! Sorry about that.\" \"I'll make you caulk the decks again if you're not careful,\" warned Rita, only half-serious. \"If I'm really careless you won't be able to make me do anything ever again,\" said Roddy, sheathing the sabre. \"And wouldn't that be a crying shame?\" \"Oh, come on,\" objected Rita. \"At least I make your life interesting.\" \"You make it a lot more than that,\" smiled Roddy. She smiled too. It had been more than a month since Paris and the Hotel d'Invalides, and though their relationship was still notable for what wasn't said rather than what was, at least neither held any doubts about what the other felt. Rita put her hatpin back in its bracket against the funnel and went up to the cockpit as Roddy went below to hang up August's sabre. \"Remind me again why we left Nice?\" he said. \"I liked it there.\" \"You thought Nice was nice?\" said Rita, making the obvious joke. \"If I had a penny for every time you've made that joke,\" Roddy said, emerging from below decks. \"I'd have…four pennies.\" \"So what?\" Rita made a minor course correction. \"Well, you thought it too. I can tell these things, you know. And now we're going to where, Morocco? Is that the place with the cars?\" \"We're going to Monaco, Roddy, and I have no idea,\" said Rita. \"I know it's the place with Jasper, though, which is why we're going there.\" \"Jasper being...?\" Rita sighed. \"If I had a penny for every time I've had to tell you this, I'd have…three pennies.\" \"Well, I'd still be making a profit,\" said Roddy. \"Jasper, as you should know by now but clearly don't on account of being irreconcilably slow and as thick as a…a…\" She hesitated, trying to find a suitable metaphor. \"Triple-layer brick sandwich?\" suggested Roddy, helpfully. \"Yes. Jasper used to work with my father. He built half of the first Jammy Dodger before striking it rich and going off to Monaco. He gave us the tip-off about the ruby.\" \"The fake ruby?\" \"You like to remind me about that, don't you? Yes, Roddy, the fake ruby.\" She smiled wryly at him. \"And since the boat he helped build is currently at the bottom of the Hyde Park Purification Plant, I thought it would be nice to show him its successor. As well as the goon who sank the last one.\" \"But Le Frog isn't here, is he?\" Roddy feigned ignorance and began peering around. Rita poked him in the side. \"I was referring to you, Roddy,\" she pointed out. \"Oh, were you really? I'm sorry; the subtlety of the reference was lost on me totally. Maybe you should dial the dial the humour up to 'atom bomb' rather than the default 'sledgehammer'.\" Roddy poked her back. She laughed and tried to dodge, leading to the boat scraping along the tunnel wall with a sound which brought both of them down to earth. \"Maybe we shouldn't do that if we're going to show him the boat,\" said Roddy, after a while. \"What kind of chap is this Jasper? If he struck it rich and abandoned you he doesn't sound like much of a friend.\" Rita shook her head. \"That's just Jasper. He was always his own rat. Sure, he was like part of the family for a while- he used to play with me when I was young- but we knew he came and went as he pleased.\" \"Sounds like something of an opportunist,\" opined Roddy. \"You could say that, but without the implied insult.\" Rita scanned the tunnel ahead, her eyes softening as she was mugged in Memory Lane. \"He was just…like that. Amazing mind. But it was never in the same place as his body and that's just how he was. He wouldn't have thought he was abandoning us. He was just a nice old coot. Madder than a haddock. You'll like him.\" Roddy thought for a moment. \"Are haddock…particularly mad?\" he asked. \"Not,\" said Rita. \"In comparison to what I'm about to be if you don't stop pretending to be an idiot.\" \"But I am an idiot,\" grinned Roddy. \"Most of the time I'm pretending to be a suave, sophisticated rat-of-the-world with charm to spare.\" He took the wheel from Rita as she went to the forward locker. She cast him a doubtful look. \"Suave and sophisticated, I don't think so. But you have something which might pass for charm, in a certain light.\" \"I'm glad you agree,\" Roddy said. \"And there was me worried that you didn't like me.\" \"What makes you think I like you now?\" Rita closed the locked and rejoined him, flicking his ear playfully. \"Oh, you know. Just the occasional hint. Which are about as subtle as your sense of humour, by the way.\" Roddy put an arm around her waist. \"So do you know where this Jasper actually is?\" \"It's Monaco. It's a small country. And if he's anything like he was, you just need to follow the explosions and the smell of burning metal. He calls himself an inventor. My dad used to say that if he was an inventor, it was on his mother's side.\" She took Roddy's hand. \"He was always saying how much he wanted to be able to fly. I guess that was a part of why he left the sewers. He was always on about some new kind of flying machine he had an idea for. Never built them of course. Well, he couldn't. But that never stopped him trying and thinking. He was an old romantic in his way. A bit like you.\" She smiled fondly. \"I'd prefer to be a young romantic,\" said Roddy. \"But that's fine, if it works for you. Does this mean I have to start wearing tweed now?\" \"I'd prefer you to start reading the maps again,\" said Rita. \"I'd actually like to get to Monaco the direct way, not like the way we went to Antibes.\" \"We got there in the end, didn't we?\" Roddy pulled the maps over to look at them. \"Yes. Via Belgium.\" \"I thought you liked Belgium?\" \"I did,\" said Rita. \"I very much enjoyed the three hours we spent there trying to get out of it.\" Roddy shook his head in mock resignation. \"It's hardly my fault if you can't follow simple instructions.\" \"Roddy, a simple instruction would be 'turn left here',\" said Rita. \"That's what I said, wasn't it? Turn left at Charles de Gaulle Place.\" \"Yes, but you weren't actually looking were you? You had your eyes closed because you were scared of the traffic.\" Rita grinned. \"That wasn't traffic, that was attempted homicide,\" said Roddy. \"What is it with French drivers? Oh, no…\" \"What is it?\" asked Rita. \"I just realised that Monaco is near Italy. There might be… Italian drivers there.\" \"Roddy, it'll be perfectly safe. We drop by, we see Jasper, we go. This'll be easy.\" He stared. \"I can't believe you actually said that, Rita. 'This will be easy'? That belongs in the same dictionary as 'nothing can possibly go wrong'.\" \"Well? Nothing can go wrong. It's Monaco, Roddy. I hear they have paved roads there and everything.\" Rita patted his shoulder. \"That's not the point. There's such a thing as tempting fate, and that sort of sentence offers it an embossed invitation. You're jinxing us, Rita.\" \"Me? I'm not the one whose family history consists largely of being torpedoed, Commander !\" She pushed him away cheerfully. \"I'm just saying, there's a narrative convention at work! Saying 'this will be easy' is right up there with star-crossed lovers in the world of things-which-go-horribly-wrong.\" Roddy stood up and went to start preparing a meal. \"The star-crossed lovers bit seems to be working so far!\" called Rita. Roddy grinned, clasped a hand to his chest and began reciting dramatically. \"She speaks! Oh, speak again, bright angel, that I might-\" He fell backwards through the open hatch, still posing. Rita fought down her laughter and returned to the controls. \"It's going to get a little risky tomorrow,\" said Rita, scooping up the last of her meal. Roddy, who had already finished his, glanced up.[Chapter 2] The water was so cold that Roddy would have cried out in pain had he not gone under like a stone. The one thought occupying his mind was that there was a solid wall ahead, and the Jammy Dodger bearing down behind him. Being caught between the two would not be a good long-term career move unless one's ambition was to be a bill poster. He swum frantically, not really caring in which direction it was. There was a hideous crunching sound behind him and then a long drawn-out scrape, which indicated the Jammy Dodger II coming to a halt. Roddy found himself being sucked towards a hole in the ice, trapped in a fast-flowing current of freezing water. He lashed out at random, and managed to get a grip on part of the ice formation that was solid enough to allow him to haul himself out of the water. He stood up, shivering so hard his teeth chattered. The Jammy Dodger was stuck fast, rising out of the water at the bow at a comical angle. \"Ri…Rita!\" he called. \"Roddy!\" came the reply. Rita came out of the cockpit and waved to him. \"I'm…fine, fine! A bit…cold, though!\" He made his way over to the boat, being careful not to lose his grip on the smooth ice beneath him. Rita picked him up with the mechanical arm, which was somehow still working. \"You don't look all right,\" she said, lowering him onto the deck. \"Like I said, said! A bit cold, that's all-all.\" Roddy hugged himself and tried to wring out his sleeves. \"Anyone for ska…skating?\" \"This isn't the time for you to be funny, Roddy,\" said Rita severely. \"You're telling… me !\" said Roddy. \"The Titanic was sunk by-by something half that size-size and I feel like a walking snow-cone.\" \"A bit of a frosty reception, was it?\" She grinned. \"What happened-happened to not being funny?\" \"I said it wasn't the time for you to be funny, Roddy. I can be funny whenever I like.\" She nodded to him matter-of-factly. \"R-really? Maybe you sh-should try it now.\" Roddy grinned. Rita laughed and took off her coat, putting it around Roddy's shaking shoulders. \"You should get below and dry off by the engine,\" she said. \"And get changed into something dry. I'm going to check out the damage.\" The only dry article of clothing he had left was August St. James' Navy dress jacket. Roddy put it on and huddled close the engine. It had cut out with the impact, leaving the boat's lights on battery back-up, but if the hull was breached the batteries, which were in a compartment below the engine, would surely drown. Roddy looked over to the port hull and saw the repairs done to fix the last hull breach- back in London on the day before Rita's parents talked them into taking a break. Some break! Rita had nearly needed an amputation, Roddy had almost undergone a similar procedure at the hands of a French chemist's cat…but he supposed it had been worthwhile. He pulled Rita's coat around himself and marvelled that he could still smell her on it. Yes. It had been worthwhile. A small trapdoor nearby opened, and Rita poked her head out. \"No holes,\" she said. \"But there's a dent down here the size of the Toad's ego.\" \"So we're officially in trouble now?\" asked Roddy. Rita shook her head. \"Not exactly. We're well clear of the water for now. What worries me is-\" She was interrupted by a heavy impact to the stern and then continued. \"Is the ice coming down the tunnel towards us. We're a sitting target unless we can break through.\" Roddy rubbed his hands together. Steam was rising from his damp clothes as they warmed. \"Well, we've got the mechanical arm. The ice plug can't be that thick if water is still getting through.\" Rita brightened. \"Good idea, Roddy! We'll need to restart the engine but if we disengage the drive shaft that won't be a problem. We just need something to put in the arm so we can chip away the ice.\" Roddy shrugged. \"How about a certain hatpin? I've seen it up close on a number of occasions and it seems sturdy enough.\" Rita clambered out of the bilges. \"Just when I start thinking of you as ballast, Roddy, you come up with an idea that makes me reconsider.\" \"So you think of me as your skilled equal?\" grinned Roddy hopefully. Rita cocked an eyebrow. \"I was thinking of cargo, myself.\" She patted him on the shoulder and went to check the engine ignition. It was slow going, but headway was being made. The hatpin was as sturdy as promised and was making some quite promising holes in the plug. Rita stood at the controls, bringing the arm back and ramming it forward. The only risk was that the recoil was threatening to shake the boat off the plug entirely. A flotilla of smaller icebergs was building up behind them.[Chapter 3] The sleek boat was moored out of sight beside the Rock of Monaco's main drain outlet. A banner proclaiming the name of Grimaldi was strung across the sewer and busy rats darted in and out of a big set of double doors, carrying trays, tables, chairs and other party paraphernalia. A red carpet was being rolled out. \"It is certain they will be there?\" said the large, elderly rat known as the Godfather. \"Si,\" said the one in grey. \"Both the British naval attaché anda the French ambassador will be there.\" \"We know what they look like?\" \"The ambassador will be wearing red, I am told. The British officer will presumably be in uniform. You saw the photograph, Godfather, we cannot know his face.\" The grey figure shrugged. \"I know this,\" said the Godfather. \"You had better be hoping that he is the only one in a uniform, yes?\" \"He will be, Godfather. Who else could wear one?\" Roddy turned the page of the magazine and found to his irritation that the shiny paper was sticking together. It wasn't his sort of magazine, but it was the only one available. Jasper had directed them to the heart of Fontvieille, to the trendiest strip of shops in Monaco that didn't demand to see your title deeds before letting you inside. Picking his clothes for the Grimaldi Dinner hadn't been hard- his dinner jacket hadn't been the same since its proximity to a Bunsen burner in Paris, so the only other option was his Royal Navy uniform. Rita, on the other hand, had nothing suitable. There was the white silk wedding dress her mother had surreptitiously packed before they left for France, but there was an unspoken agreement never to mention that. Or the gold ring her father had secreted in Roddy's jacket pocket. \"We've been here for hours, you know,\" he said.[Chapter 4] It all happened too fast. Rhys and Roddy kept the gangsters back for a second purely thanks to the shining metal of their sabres. Roddy just had time to think that they might yet get away with it when the net descended over them both and they were borne to the ground. \"We take them alive!\" shouted Ricco. \"The boss needs them both alive!\" \"What about the two that went over the edge?\" said one of the others. \"We do not need them! These two are important! Well…one of them is. I don' know who the other one thinks he is.\" He picked up the swords, glanced at them contemptuously, and threw them one by one over the balcony. \"What are they talking about?\" hissed Roddy. Rhys winced. \"I think they mean me, old chap. I seem to have got you into some kind of a bind here!\" They were hauled to their feet and Ricco began shepherding the ground towards the exit. The rest of the guests watched in bewildered silence as they were marched past and down the steps to the canal outside. Ricco looked around. \"Where is the boat? It shouda be here by now!\" \"It's coming,\" said Carlo. He pointed to one of the Mob rats, who was hunched over a radio control set. \"It better be! Seal the doors behind us, we cannot have anyone pursuing!\" Ricco waved a hand and turned back to Roddy and Rhys. \"I don' know what is going on here,\" he said. \"But I will tella you this- one of you is in a world of trouble. The other one…will wish he was.\" Roddy swallowed anxiously. \"We should stick together,\" whispered Rhys. \"They don't know which one of us they need yet. If they find out who we really are, one of us will be for the high jump!\" Roddy nodded. That made sense, but he still didn't know what their captors wanted. And where was Rita? Had she managed to escape? He had lost sight of her when they attacked. The sound of a powerful engine approached, and a sleek motorboat drew up. A remote-controlled masterpiece, it could have fetched a good price in any country. Roddy couldn't help but admire the stylish lines even as he was hustled aboard and down into a small cabin with a single window. Rhys was pushed in after him. The door slammed shut and was locked, and the two rats heard the engines grumble into life again. Rhys seemed unbothered by the sudden turn of events and lay down in one corner with every sign of relaxation. Now that the chaos was over, Roddy was able to get a good look at him. Rhys was some years older than Roddy, with black hair rather than brown, although it was beginning to show a faint dusting of grey around the edges. \"Well, since we're going to be spending some time together, I think we should get to know each other. Commander Rhys Seddon-Tavish, naval attaché to the British Embassy in Monaco. And you are?\" \"Roddy,\" said Roddy. \"Roddy St. James.\" \"Well, I can't think of a better cove to be in this jam with than a fellow officer, at least,\" said Rhys. \"We'll show them what the Royal Navy can do!\" Roddy hesitated, wondering whether this was the best time to admit that it wasn't really his uniform that he was wearing. \"Well, it's funny you should mention that…\" he began. Rita surfaced, gasping for air. The fall had been bad, but as always it had been the sudden stop at the bottom which had been the problem because water is not as soft as it seems if hit hard enough. She had tried to orient herself to minimise the impact- an old sewer-hand's trick- but it didn't seem to have helped. Every part of her body hurt, and her ears were ringing painfully. Deciding where the shore was by the number of lights, she swam a few strokes towards it, and found herself being washed up, almost at once, on a narrow, pebbly beach. Rita hauled herself out of the water, coughed up what seemed like half the Mediterranean, and lay back, panting for air. After a while, the lights of the city stopped spinning and she stood up shakily. The dress was more or less written off, and Rita wasn't entirely disappointed to see this. She spotted an indistinct figure on a deckchair under an umbrella- a distinctly strange sight at this time of night- and staggered towards it.[Chapter 5] \"It's self-explanatory,\" said Jasper. He pointed to the three levers on the control panel in front of him. \"It goes yaw, pitch and roll.\" He tapped them in turn, and then frowned. \"Or is it pitch, yaw and roll…I can never remember. Anyway, that's definitely the throttle.\" He pointed to a fourth lever near his left knee. He hesitated again and looked at an identical lever on his right. \"Or is that one…well, one of them is the throttle. The other one controls the undercarriage, which we really, really don't want to put down in flight.\" \"We're going to die,\" muttered Rita quietly. \"Pardon?\" Jasper looked up. She waved a hand. \"Nothing, nothing! Why are you telling me this anyway?\" \"Because you're going to be driving it in a minute. I have to go and talk to Sofia.\" Jasper started undoing his seatbelt. The awkward movement did little to help the stability of the Lancaster, which wobbled alarmingly until Rita made a dive past Jasper to grab onto the controls. \"There, you see? Easy.\" Jasper smiled at her and began inching his way back along the fuselage to where the ambassador was sitting. \"Piece of cake,\" said Rita to herself, shifting into the pilot's seat. She looked in a rear-view mirror which Jasper had added to the cockpit. Behind them, Monaco was a sea of golden light. Below them, the Ligurian Sea was dark except for the blinking beacons marking out shipping channels and the occasional brightly-lit human vessel. Rita knew all too well that the one they were looking for would not have lights. Behind her, Jasper squeezed into a seat next to Sofia. It was a cramped fit with the both of them and the bizarre equipment Jasper had collected from the workshop. \"Wotcha, your ladyship,\" he grinned. \"I was 'oping you would explain all this to me,\" said Sofia. \"It's really quite simple, your Excellency,\" said Jasper. \"You see, this plane used to be radio-controlled, but since I wanted to fly it myself I simply dismantled the radio controller and built everything into the plane itself. That meant I had the transmitter left over.\" \"Yes?\" \"Well, from what I've been told, the boat we're chasing is also radio controlled, but they haven't been quite as clever as me. Even if they're standing on top of it, their remote controller has to send out a signal. If our transmitter is stronger than theirs, and if we get close enough and on the right frequency, we can override their signal! We might even be able to take over their boat, or maybe just stop it.\" Sofia looked at the equipment. \"Show me how to do it.\" Jasper connected the oscilloscope to the transmitter. A flickering green line appeared on the tiny round screen. \"If I'm right- which I am- their signal will appear as a spike on that line! If you can get that spike into the centre of the display, you'll have their signal locked and after that it's just a matter of power!\" Jasper grinned. \"This is all tremendously exciting isn't it?\" \"Riveting,\" said Le Frog sarcastically, who was reading his newspaper again in the seat behind them. The wind caught it and plastered it to his face. Jasper rolled his eyes and scrambled forward again, pausing under the jury-rigged biplane wing to make an adjustment to something. Rita was starting to get the hang of flying. It wasn't entirely unlike piloting the Jammy Dodger although she was yet to work up the courage to try some of the more obscure controls. \"We need to lose some height!\" shouted Jasper, over the engines. \"The closer we get the better it'll be for the transmitter to jam their controls!\" \"How do I do that?\" shouted back Rita. Jasper reached past her and shoved hard on one of the levers. The Lancaster's nose dropped and they began plummeting towards the ocean, the wind making a strange screaming noise as it passed them, which was not unlike the one produced by Rita as she felt her head making an earnest effort to separate from her shoulders. Jasper seemed unbothered and began counting off the altitude until he seemed satisfied and pulled the lever back. They levelled off, so low that Rita could see the ripples on the water below. \"Did you know that was going to work?\" she demanded. \"Well, I knew we'd lose the height!\" Jasper laughed again. He was like a young boy with a new toy. After all these years, he was flying at last! Rita shook her head and climbed back into her own seat gratefully. Behind her, Sofia was fiddling with the transmitter, trying to hunt out the kidnapper's frequency. A small peak appeared on the scope, and she smiled with satisfaction. They had to be close. \"Do we 'ave a plan yet?\" Le Frog, who had walked down the side of the plane as only he could, poked his head into Rita's seat. \"Broadly,\" she said. \"We find them, beat them senseless and rescue Roddy and Rhys.\" \"You call that a plan?\" Le Frog was sceptical. \"You got a better one, greenskin?\" \"Many, my impetuous ally-of-convenience, but none we can put into practice while aboard an airborne death trap.\" \"I resent that!\" shouted Jasper, over his shoulders. \"I said aboard one, not being flown by one!\" replied Le Frog casually. \"But never mind. I assume you 'ave something in mind to even the odds a little?\" Rita grinned fiercely and unwrapped a thin canvas bundle by her feet. Two sabres glinted dully. Le Frog looked at them doubtfully. \"When I said, do you 'ave something in mind, I really meant something that would work,\" he said. Rita glared. \"If you have a problem, Le Frog, it's a very short fall and a long swim back to Monaco.\" Le Frog rolled his eyes. \"All right, all right. I am fine with what you call your plan. It is simply a matter of finding them now.\" Roddy and Rhys were bundled back onto the deck. It had changed. Rat Valone's crew had set up some kind of launcher, in which was propped a cardboard tube marked 'INCENDIARY'. A string was coiled near the base, entering the tube at a hole bearing the sober warning 'DO NOT PULL- FRICTION IGNITION'. Roddy eyed it curiously.[Chapter 6] \"That was quite an adventure, really,\" said Rhys as they walked back into Jasper's workshop. It had taken them a while to get back even with the Genoese boat and mid-morning sun was streaming through the vents. The Lancaster had got back before them, and Jasper was fussing over the damaged engine with the assistance of the Bruces. Sofia looked up at the sound of Rhys' voice. She turned, a smile of purest joy spreading over her face. \"Rhys! You are alive…I am so glad! I thought I would never see you again!\" She threw her arms around Rhys, who returned the gesture. \"I hear I have you to thank for it as well, your Excellency! Rita told me about the transmitter. Very clever!\" Rhys hugged her close. Sofia waved it off modestly. \"That was Jasper's idea, not mine. And Rita there was the real 'ero. It was all 'er idea to go after you!\" She smiled softly. \"And I think you don't 'ave to call me 'Your Excellency' any more.\" Roddy and Rita went over to join Jasper as Le Frog came up the ladder into the workshop. \"So you're back?\" said Jasper. \"That's good. I wondered how long it would take you.\" \"Well, we had a good boat,\" said Roddy. \"And I see you finally got this working?\" He nodded to the plane. \"I couldn't have done it without help,\" said Jasper, shaking his head. \"These two make fine mechanics.\" The Bruces gave him a thumbs-up sign. \"And of course, it wouldn't have happened without Rita here. You should have seen her, Roddy! She was ready to move hell and high water to get after you!\" \"Really?\" Roddy looked at her with an amused grin. Rita rolled her eyes and looked away blushing. \"Oh, yes! She just couldn't let you go. Desperate to get you back, she was, desperate. But you're both all right?\" Roddy nodded. \"Bit of a close scare on the boat, but I think you got him before he could get me!\" He fingered the left shoulder of his Navy jacket. Rat Valone's bullet had passed close enough to sever the stitching. Jasper nodded with satisfaction. \"Now that's what I call a job well done! Hahaha, I haven't had so much fun in years. Nothing that exciting in the drains, eh Rita? Your old dad would have a thing or two to say!\" He waved a spanner happily. \"He certainly would,\" said Rita quietly. She took Roddy's hand and held it tightly. Le Frog coughed discreetly. \"Ahem! I am sorry for the interruption…but if there is nothing further 'ere…I am after all on 'oliday.\" Sofia stepped away from Rhys and took Le Frog's hand. \"I am grateful for your assistance, citizen. France thanks you for your service.\" The ever-patriotic Le Frog swelled with pride. \"Whenever the Republic calls, madam!\" He kissed her hand for long enough for a scowl to pass over Rhys' face, then come back and camp there. Sofia laughed and took her hand away. Le Frog bowed graciously to her and waved a hand to the others. \" Bon chance, my inadvertent interceptors! Do not take this personally, but I 'ope we never meet again!\" \"Don't take this personally, but so do we!\" said Rita. Le Frog glared at her, and then scrambled down the ladder and disappeared. \"Oh, Rita?\" Jasper came over to them, wiping his hand on a rag. \"It occurred to me that maybe I should invest in some parachutes for next time, you know…and then I remembered that the best parachutes are made out of silk. I hope you don't mind, but when I was inspecting the Dodger I came across this.\" He gestured to the workbench, where the white wedding dress lay. Rita laughed. \"Sorry, uncle, but I think my mother would like that back! Don't worry, we'll find you something else to use.\" Jasper raised an eyebrow. \"Ah, so you still might need it?\" Rita looked at Roddy, smiled and shook her head. \"Not in the immediate future, Jasper. But you never know.\" She squeezed Roddy's hand. He smiled and squeezed hers back. Jasper shrugged. \"Ah, well. You don't ask and you never know, as they say. It'll be a day or two before the Dodger is ready to be taken out. I'm sure you can find some way to kill time before then? I could really do with a hand on this.\" He banged the spanner on the Lancaster's engine casing. Rita laughed. \"All right, you old goat, show me what has to be done.\" She moved to help him. Roddy watched her for a moment, and then went back on board the Jammy Dodger II to change his clothes. He hung August's uniform on its hook in the cupboard and then hung the sabre next to it. He paused for a moment, looking at the golden hilt and remembering the boat. \"My guardian angel indeed.\" He smiled and shut the door. The Bruces were singing again.","LastChapter":"\"That was quite an adventure, really,\" said Rhys as they walked back into Jasper's workshop. It had taken them a while to get back even with the Genoese boat and mid-morning sun was streaming through the vents. The Lancaster had got back before them, and Jasper was fussing over the damaged engine with the assistance of the Bruces. Sofia looked up at the sound of Rhys' voice. She turned, a smile of purest joy spreading over her face. \"Rhys! You are alive…I am so glad! I thought I would never see you again!\" She threw her arms around Rhys, who returned the gesture. \"I hear I have you to thank for it as well, your Excellency! Rita told me about the transmitter. Very clever!\" Rhys hugged her close. Sofia waved it off modestly. \"That was Jasper's idea, not mine. And Rita there was the real 'ero. It was all 'er idea to go after you!\" She smiled softly. \"And I think you don't 'ave to call me 'Your Excellency' any more.\" Roddy and Rita went over to join Jasper as Le Frog came up the ladder into the workshop. \"So you're back?\" said Jasper. \"That's good. I wondered how long it would take you.\" \"Well, we had a good boat,\" said Roddy. \"And I see you finally got this working?\" He nodded to the plane. \"I couldn't have done it without help,\" said Jasper, shaking his head. \"These two make fine mechanics.\" The Bruces gave him a thumbs-up sign. \"And of course, it wouldn't have happened without Rita here. You should have seen her, Roddy! She was ready to move hell and high water to get after you!\" \"Really?\" Roddy looked at her with an amused grin. Rita rolled her eyes and looked away blushing. \"Oh, yes! She just couldn't let you go. Desperate to get you back, she was, desperate. But you're both all right?\" Roddy nodded. \"Bit of a close scare on the boat, but I think you got him before he could get me!\" He fingered the left shoulder of his Navy jacket. Rat Valone's bullet had passed close enough to sever the stitching. Jasper nodded with satisfaction. \"Now that's what I call a job well done! Hahaha, I haven't had so much fun in years. Nothing that exciting in the drains, eh Rita? Your old dad would have a thing or two to say!\" He waved a spanner happily. \"He certainly would,\" said Rita quietly. She took Roddy's hand and held it tightly. Le Frog coughed discreetly. \"Ahem! I am sorry for the interruption…but if there is nothing further 'ere…I am after all on 'oliday.\" Sofia stepped away from Rhys and took Le Frog's hand. \"I am grateful for your assistance, citizen. France thanks you for your service.\" The ever-patriotic Le Frog swelled with pride. \"Whenever the Republic calls, madam!\" He kissed her hand for long enough for a scowl to pass over Rhys' face, then come back and camp there. Sofia laughed and took her hand away. Le Frog bowed graciously to her and waved a hand to the others. \" Bon chance, my inadvertent interceptors! Do not take this personally, but I 'ope we never meet again!\" \"Don't take this personally, but so do we!\" said Rita. Le Frog glared at her, and then scrambled down the ladder and disappeared. \"Oh, Rita?\" Jasper came over to them, wiping his hand on a rag. \"It occurred to me that maybe I should invest in some parachutes for next time, you know…and then I remembered that the best parachutes are made out of silk. I hope you don't mind, but when I was inspecting the Dodger I came across this.\" He gestured to the workbench, where the white wedding dress lay. Rita laughed. \"Sorry, uncle, but I think my mother would like that back! Don't worry, we'll find you something else to use.\" Jasper raised an eyebrow. \"Ah, so you still might need it?\" Rita looked at Roddy, smiled and shook her head. \"Not in the immediate future, Jasper. But you never know.\" She squeezed Roddy's hand. He smiled and squeezed hers back. Jasper shrugged. \"Ah, well. You don't ask and you never know, as they say. It'll be a day or two before the Dodger is ready to be taken out. I'm sure you can find some way to kill time before then? I could really do with a hand on this.\" He banged the spanner on the Lancaster's engine casing. Rita laughed. \"All right, you old goat, show me what has to be done.\" She moved to help him. Roddy watched her for a moment, and then went back on board the Jammy Dodger II to change his clothes. He hung August's uniform on its hook in the cupboard and then hung the sabre next to it. He paused for a moment, looking at the golden hilt and remembering the boat. \"My guardian angel indeed.\" He smiled and shut the door. The Bruces were singing again.","Summary":" The characters and story of Flushed Away are entirely the work of those miraculous boffins at Aardm","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Humor Adventure - Chapters: 6   - Words: 22,381 - Reviews: 26 - Favs: 12 - Follows: 7 - Updated: 3 3 2007 - Published: 2 27 2007 - Status: Complete - id: 3417539 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Flushed Away: The Last Change of Scene","Author":"Firefall Bangenthump","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3493196","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Everything to do with the original Flushed Away is the result of the inestimable brain-power of DreamWorks and Aardman Animations studios. This story will use characters of my own devising which were introduced in Yet Another Change of Scene - please forgive any trouble this causes. Readers may notice that some kind of temporal distortion appears to have taken place- this story takes place around Christmas, despite an early snowmelt being featured in a previous one. I plead dramatic necessity as my only defence. Grateful thanks, as always, to the reviewers of previous pieces. The door to the shop opened, causing a small silver bell to ring brightly. The two figures who had just entered- a man and woman, both bundled against the London winter in expensive-looking coats- rubbed their hands and looked around. On the glass of the shopfront windows, the name 'Kensington High Street Pets' could be read in reverse. Multicoloured lights glowed around the edges in an attempt to procure a festive air for less than ₤5.20. \"A stroke of luck we found this place, isn't it dear?\" said the man in a refined accent. \"Not many places are open on Christmas Eve.\" \"Yes, and it was so close to home,\" said his wife. \"I just know Tabitha will be so pleased.\" Their conversation had attracted the attention of the only creature in the shop to still be awake. A young rat was peering curiously at them over a pile of shredded paper. The shopkeeper emerged from behind the desk and nodded to them. \"Good evening, madam and sir. What can I help you with?\" \"Ah, good.\" The man stepped forward briskly. \"Well, we're in a bit of a bind. You see, we promised Tabitha- our daughter- a new friend for Christmas but we seem to have left it to the last minute.\" \"That can happen,\" said the shopkeeper, sagely. \"It usually does,\" said the wife, with that kind of brittle cheeriness which indicates a recently-declared ceasefire. \"Anyway, we were rather hoping...that we could pick something up tonight.\" The keeper scratched his head. \"Well, there's not many here. We've just about sold out of most things. What kind of pet did you have in mind? Dog? Cat?\" \"Well, she wanted a pony of course,\" said the man. They all laughed. \"But I think the Council would have something to say if they found it in our kitchen! So something a little smaller. Something easy to take care of.\" The keeper looked around and spotted the rat, who was watching them with interest while nibbling on a piece of food. \"Well, there's always rats.\" \"Rats?\" said the woman, in a tone that was far from convinced of the merits of that notion. \"Don't let the reputation fool you,\" said the keeper. \"They're very good. Loyal, dependable, nice and small too. Cheap to keep. They won't leave a mess, you don't have to walk them every day.\" \"It sounds perfect,\" agreed the man. \"All right. We'll do that, then.\" The shopkeeper smiled and went over to the young rat's box. With practised care, he picked up the rat and put it into a small travelling cage. It looked momentarily confused at this change of scene, and then relaxed. Events looked to be taking a turn for the better! \"Is there anything else I can help you with?\" said the keeper. \"Well, we'll need somewhere to keep the little fellow,\" said the man. He pointed to a large gilt cage in the corner. \"We'd better take that as well.\" The keeper began ringing up the cost of the sale. \"I'll throw in some food as well, just to get you started.\" \"Thanks awfully,\" said the man. \"By the way,\" said his wife. \"Does he have a name yet?\" The shopkeeper looked somewhat put-off. \"Shouldn't you have asked that before you married him?\" \"No, no, I mean the rat.\" She laughed. The young rat had his face at the bars of his little cage and was admiring the Christmas lights glowing around the shop window. \"His name is Roderick, madam. Roddy for short. Roddy St. James.\" Below the deck of the Jammy Dodger II , Rita Malone glared at the condenser in the hope that it would get the message, but her thousand-watt emerald stare had its limits and an inanimate engine component was one of them. She sighed and stuck out a hand. \"Pass me the pipe cleaner, please. We'll have to do this the hard way.\" Roddy St. James, who had been balancing the pipe cleaner on his palm to see how long he could do it, flicked it into the air, caught it again and passed it to her. \"What's the problem with this, anyway? The engine still runs.\" Rita began working over the inside of the condenser with the pipe cleaner. \"That's because we've got two condensers. We're running on the other one now, but this one's stuffed. Look.\" She withdrew the pipe cleaner. It was coated in what looked to Roddy like hard-baked dust. \"Scale,\" said Rita, with disgust. \"Now that's something that shouldn't even be possible in a condenser. This is what happens when you're running impure water through it- the dirt and salt builds up in the pipes and blocks it. Do you see?\" \"I'm just enjoying the novelty of watching you doing routine maintenance for once,\" said Roddy, grinning. Rita feigned a look of annoyance. \"I'm only doing this because I wouldn't trust you with it. You're getting better, Roddy, but you're not an engineer yet. I want you watching what I'm doing, not watching me.\" \"Since when did that become a problem?\" \"Since I needed to show you how to clean out the primary condenser, of course. There'll be time for everything else when we've fixed it.\" Roddy peered over her shoulder. Obsessive maintenance and attention to detail was one of Rita's characteristics, inculcated from birth and eminently justified in a world where a functional condenser meant the difference between a working motor and a pile of dry scrap. \"Well, remember where we're been. Ever since we left Dover, the boat's been either in sewers or salt water. Goodness knows what's been sucked into the intakes. And the beaching on Burhou won't have helped. We probably took on a lot of sand there and sand in an engine is like a...\" \"Cheese-grater in a soufflé?\" said Roddy. \"That'll do for now. What we really need now is an evaporator. We're going to have to flush the whole system clean and I'm not putting dirty water through it again.\" Rita straightened up and closed the condenser. \"Where can we possibly get enough pure water to do that?\" Roddy looked around. \"We've still got the kettle. And we've still got electricity to boil it. If we divert steam from the kettle into the auxiliary condenser we'll soon have pure water to use.\" Rita laughed as she saw the sense of that. \"Okay, maybe I should take back what I said about you not being an engineer yet.\" \"Oh, you think that'll work for the engine? I just wanted a cup of tea but if it'll work on the other thing, I guess that's fine too.\" Roddy grinned. \"It'll take a long time though. It could take whole litres to flush out the circulation system.\" Rita looked slightly doubtful. \"So? Where do we have to be that can't wait?\" Roddy looked at her. \"Home, of course,\" said Rita. \"I know, they're probably not expecting us.\" \"They probably didn't expect most of what happened.\" Roddy put his arms around Rita and rested his head on her shoulder. \"Funny to think that only a couple of days ago I was hanging from Jasper's plane with the Toad trying to kill me.\" Rita relaxed into him. The chaotic events on Burhou were still fresh in their memories. \"Funny? I don't remember you laughing much at the time.\" Roddy conceded that. \"Okay, maybe 'funny' isn't the right word. It was nice seeing them all though...Jasper, Sofia, Rhys...just like Monaco.\" \"You nearly got killed in Monaco,\" pointed out Rita. \"Yes, and I nearly got killed on Burhou as well. So as I said: just like Monaco.\" Rita said nothing. The 'holiday' her parents had orchestrated for them had seen them face more danger in a matter of months than in their lives to date, but it had also made possible some things that previously weren't. The way they were standing now, for instance. She resisted a desire to sink further into her companion's arms and remembered the engine problem which had brought them below in the first place. \"We'd better get started if we're to put your brilliant idea into practice. Get the kettle ready.\" She moved to a locker and produced a short length of insulated tubing. It was a simple effort to plug one end securely over the kettle spout and the other over the condenser's steam intake. Roddy filled the kettle with water and put it on the coil of copper wire which served as the Jammy Dodger Ii 's hotplate. It was a simple device- current was fed through it by the alternator- but highly effective. The kettle was boiling in no time. \"Be careful to keep the water topped up. Don't let it run dry or it'll burn out the bottom.\" Rita watched it carefully. The first drops of purified water were already dripping out of the condenser. She placed a bucket underneath it to catch them. \"It's not very fast, is it?\" said Roddy. \"We've got larger metal containers. Why not use one of them?\" \"Because we need to get the steam into the condenser and the hose won't fit anything else.\" Rita shrugged. \"Nothing to do but wait.\" She made her way on deck. Roddy followed with a bucket, which he dipped into the water. \"Don't they say that a holiday is ninety-five percent waiting and five percent pure terror?\" he asked jovially. \"I think that's meant to be the life of a soldier,\" said Rita. \"Close enough for me,\" said Roddy. He straightened up and looked around. The Jammy Dodger II had arrived in Portsmouth Harbour having proceeded through the narrow entrance in the wake of HMS Illustrious , an aircraft carrier so huge that Roddy and Rita could barely believe that it could still move. They were now moored in a drain near The Hard. Rita had decided to call a day of maintenance because, as she put it, there was no way that they were going to survive everything they'd survived only to break down near home. They'd never hear the end of it. Roddy picked up the bucket and went back below to top up the kettle. He'd never hear the end of it if he let it burn out. Putting the bucket aside, he noticed a large box in the corner of the engine room. Frowning, he went to investigate it. To his surprise, it was filled with small items wrapped in paper- any paper that had been available. One little package bore a headline from Le Monde while another was a shiny duck-egg blue. He sifted through them curiously and then went back on deck.[Chapter 2] The engine purred. Rita cast an expert eye over the row of gauges to check that the pure water had done its job. \"Pressure looks good, Roddy. I think you did it!\" Roddy looked up from the other side of the engine. \"So I can make a cup of tea now?\" he asked. \"Only if you make one for me too,\" said Rita. \"Well, I'll check my schedule, but I can't see that being too much of a problem.\" Roddy picked up their cups from a shelf and topped up the kettle again. Rita disappeared back on deck, and Roddy felt the floor lurch underneath him as she brought the Jammy Dodger II around and turned into the drain heading for London. He measured out the leaves carefully and paused. It hadn't occurred to him for a moment to doubt that his move to the sewers had been the best decision of his life. Everything he could have ever hoped for was there- and Rita too, he added to himself. Far more than he could have hoped. And despite the trials of recent months, during which both of them had passed under Death's dark wing on more than one occasion, he had never felt any longing for his old life. Now they were going home. The thought should have made him as happy as it was making Rita- but she was returning to her beloved family. Roddy…well, he was returning to her family as well, but it was her family at the end of the day wasn't it? He looked around him and saw a coil of festive lights hanging from the roof. They'd forgotten to put them up. He clamped the frayed copper end of the wire in an alligator clip- Shocky would have been proud- and connected the clip to the alternator. The lights blazed on in all the colours of the spectrum. Roddy stood for a moment, remembering the other set of lights he had seen all those years ago in Kensington… He shook himself and the memory disappeared. He put the teas on a tray made from a bottlecap and draped the lights around his shoulder before climbing back on deck. The drain entry was already a distant circle of fading light behind them. The boat's powerful lights were aimed ahead now, pointing the way for their captain who was steering with one hand. \"Thanks,\" she said, taking her tea from Roddy. Rita did a double-take and laughed. \"What are you doing with those lights?\" \"Well, they were taking up space down below.\" Roddy put his own tea aside and began thinking of ways to rig the lights. \"Since when has taking up space on this boat been an offence?\" asked Rita, grinning. \"In the interests of a happy relationship, I'm going to pretend I didn't hear that.\" Roddy fingered a nail. \"Could you give me a hand with this?\" Rita secured the helm and went to assist. The string of lights was soon crowning the cockpit, casting a multicoloured glow about the Jammy Dodger II as it entered the heart of Portsmouth. It was a small city, far smaller than London, but remarkable for the number of uniformed rats. The harbour had been the stronghold of the Royal Navy for centuries and the tradition was still strong below the streets. Roddy, who was wearing his wearing his Commander's jacket, got more than a few salutes from ratings who noticed his gaze. Rita was more concerned with finding the turn to London. \"I think it's right here,\" she said, pointing down a large tunnel. \"Check the maps, would you? I don't want to get lost in my own drains.\" \"Portsmouth still counts as 'yours'?\" said Roddy, joking. \"Where my boat goes, those are my drains,\" said Rita. \"Now check the maps, navigator.\" \"Or you could check the signs,\" said Roddy, pointing to the large green drain-sign hanging over the tunnel entrance. Through the scrappy paint job and even scrappier rust patches, the word LONDON was visible. Rita looked at it hard and made the turn. She looked over to Roddy, who was watching her smugly. \"Don't…say…a…word,\" she said, fighting not to smile. \"Oh, I wouldn't dream of it.\" \"What did I just say?\" \"Not to say a word. By my count, I said six. Seventeen now. Eighteen. Nineteen…\" Rita laughed. \"Twenty?\" \"Probably more than that by now. Anyway, I don't mind having to read the signs for you, just so long as I don't have to steer at the same time.\" Roddy picked up his tea again and sipped at it delicately. \"Since when have you been any good with reading signs, Roddy?\" Rita gave him a meaningful look. Roddy hesitated, unsure of how to read it. \"What…kind of signs?\" he tried. Rita made no reply, but cocked an eyebrow and shrugged. Roddy grinned nervously and collected the cups. \"I'll just take these below,\" he said, and disappeared. Rita watched him go and sighed. Roddy wasn't the only one with mixed feelings about the holiday ending. Rita was glad to be getting back, if only because it meant that they'd be far away from Parisian cats, Genoese assassins and rogue Channel seabirds, but she knew that it also meant closing a chapter of their lives they would never forget. They'd found out a lot about each other in the few months they'd been away, far more than they'd have found out had they never left London in the first place. She'd been angry with her parents for setting them up on the trip, but by now felt at least willing to forgive, if not quite forget, the brazen conspiracy which had put her together with Roddy. All the same…there were things they hadn't done and, if she was honest with herself, they weren't things she would have felt happy about doing within ten miles of her parents. Aside from anything else, they almost certainly knew. Roddy returned to the deck and threw their pillows back on the bed. He smoothed down the covers carefully and then noticed that Rita was watching him with what he considered to be undue attention.[Chapter 3] \" Siiiiiilent night, hoooooooly night, Alllllllll is calm, allllllll is briiiight…\" Roddy woke up slowly, in case what he remembered had been a dream. If it was, then he would have been happy never to wake again. \" Round yon viiiiirgin mother and chillllld…\" That rather broke the spell. He peered around, trying to locate the source of the music. A small chorus of sewer-slugs had materialised on the rail on the other side of the boat and were singing mournfully. They wore festively-coloured woollen caps and scarves and the apparent leader of the chorus had a small wooden box around its neck. \"I have to pay you to make you go away, is that the deal?\" Roddy sat up, blinking myopically. \" Hooooooly infant so tender and mild…\" \"That'll pass for a yes, then.\" Roddy stood up and noticed their plates from last night. His still had some food scraps left on it. How choosy could slugs be? He passed it over to them. The singing stopped and they began attacking the leftovers enthusiastically. \"It doesn't occur to you that singing the lyrics 'silent night' at the top of your voice is just a little ironic? No? Well, I guess not.\" The slugs finished and disappeared over the side again with a trio of splashes and not a single backward glance. \"No need to thank me,\" said Roddy, to the vacant space left behind. He realised that it was, indeed, still night. Street light was very different to sunlight and the sewer was still largely dark. He also realised that he was freezing cold. Roddy looked down and realized why. He grabbed up his Royal Navy trousers, donned them hastily, scrambled back into bed and pulled the blanket up to his chin. Then the realisation hit him. \"W'the…? Why're you awake?\" Rita sat up beside him, squinting at him. She was wearing his white shirt and at some point had allowed her hair to fall out of its usual businesslike ponytail. It now resembled a haystack in a hurricane. \"I didn't mean to wake you,\" said Roddy, apologetically. \"There were these slugs, you see. Singing ones.\" \"Singing?\" \" Silent Night , ironically.\" Rita nodded and settled back down. Under the covers, her hand touched Roddy's. \"How long had they been there?\" \"Oh, not long, they were still in the first verse. So…not long enough to have seen anything, to answer the question you didn't ask.\" He smiled at her. \"That wasn't what I meant. I couldn't care less about that.\" Rita yawned and half-turned to face him. \"Even if your family knew? News travels fast down here.\" Roddy raised an eyebrow. \"My family has already assumed, Roddy, as if you didn't know that. They'd wonder why it took so long.\" \"It didn't take that long, did it?\" said Roddy. \"It took long enough.\" Rita squeezed his hand affectionately. Roddy paused and replayed the recent exchange once or twice before realising something. \"Are we talking about the same thing? Because when I said 'it didn't take that long' I wasn't talking about-\" He was cut off by Rita. \"Not that, Roddy, don't worry. When I asked how long they'd been there, I meant what time it is.\" She laughed. Roddy shrugged. \"It's still night. Still Christmas Eve. But it must be past midnight now.\" Rita sat up and pulled the white shirt around her. \"Well, we might as well keep moving since we're both awake. You get dressed while I put some water on to boil.\" It was the night before Christmas, and all through the sewers it seemed that not a creature was stirring, except for the crew of the Jammy Dodger II , which proceeded slowly through the drains. It was unusual for it to be this quiet- underground, London was every bit the city it was Up Top and the eerie stillness was starting to get to Roddy. The Jammy Dodger II 's engine echoed off the walls and down the tunnel, the occasional backfire sounding like a gunshot. Still…it had been a night to remember. Roddy looked at the bundle of Christmas lights in the stern which Rita had unplugged and picked up the end of the cord.[Chapter 4] Rita watched aghast as Roddy vanished. \"I'll be back to help as soon as I can, Dad!\" she promised quickly before taking off after her companion, leaving her father and the others slightly bemused. \"Roddy! Where do you think you're going?\" Roddy paused as he boarded the Jammy Dodger II . Rita vaulted the rail and landed next to him, glaring. \"I was…just going to get my things ready,\" he invented, desperately. \"You were trying to leave without me!\" \"No I wasn't! I was…\" He floundered. \"Trying to leave without me?\" suggested Rita, tapping her foot. Roddy gave up. Rita's tail was flicking from side to side as well, and under those circumstances it was safer and easier to yield painlessly. \"All right, you caught me. I'm sorry. You just seemed to be busy with your father and I thought I might be able to make a start.\" \"Why would you try to leave by yourself? You might not be able to make it alone.\" Rita watched him, nervousness overcoming her initial anger. \"Well, it was because…it was because…\" Roddy trailed off. It was because having you there will make this harder than it already is! But he couldn't bring himself to say it. He stood there in silence until Rita took pity on him. \"Prepare to cast off, then,\" she said. \"We'll have to get going.\" They prepared the boat in silence. As the engine fired up and Rita began reversing into the tunnel, her father came bowling through the hole in the gate, waving his hands frantically. \"Wait! Wait! I've got something important to tell you!\" Rita cut the engine and gunned the reverse thrusters hard, throwing Roddy off-balance. \"What is it, Dad?\" she called. Sid clambered through the gate and joined Mr Malone. \"Wait! Wait! I've got something important to tell you!\" \"I've already done that part, Sid,\" said Mr Malone. \"But thanks for helping. Rita, didn't you notice that the city was empty?\" \"Yes?\" \"Didn't that strike you as odd?\" said Mr Malone. \"Well, we assumed it was because it was Christmas Eve,\" said Roddy. \"No such luck!\" shouted Sid. \"Think about it, Rita! With this place out of commission-\" he jerked his thumb at the plant behind him- \"all the currents that stop boats from getting Up Top will be gone!\" Rita stared as she worked it out. \"Everyone's gone Up Top for Christmas?\" \"Everyone with a boat or a will to swim!\" shouted Mr Malone. \"The humans are going six kinds of bonkers! They think it's a plague!\" Roddy joined Rita at the helm. \"That could make things difficult,\" he said. \"The City's called in ratcatchers!\" yelled Sid. \"They're trying to hunt everything with a tail!\" \"Do you want to turn back?\" said Roddy to Rita. \"This isn't your problem. If you want to stay-\" \"Where you go, I go,\" said Rita, taking his hand below the cockpit wall. She waved back to Sid and her father. \"Thanks for the warning! Good luck with the salvage!\" She opened the throttle and the engine drowned out her father's objections. Roddy looked at the maps as they motored back into the main drains. \"It's a lot different from last time. We never actually worked out how to get back to my place…I mean, my old place, by boat. We ended up arriving by air mail.\" \"Maybe we should have asked Jasper to fly us,\" said Rita. \"No, I think arriving is the important part.\" \"What happened to the journey being the best bit?\" Rita smiled. \"People who say that have never flown Air Jasper,\" said Roddy. \"Look, Rita, really. You don't have to risk coming with me. If there's ratcatchers up there we could end up in great danger.\" \"Oh, yeah. Because that's never happened to us before,\" said Rita, rolling her eyes jokingly. \"Not another word on the matter Roddy. Or I'll throw you overboard and go to Kensington myself.\"[Chapter 5] Mr Malone pulled the cable towards himself and tried to tie it onto the front of the Jammy Dodger's bows. It was just short and he sighed. Behind him, the Bruces had tied similar cables to the port and starboard rails, which seemed strong enough to take the boat's weight. \"Can't you give me some slack?\" he said. \"I just need a little more.\" \"You reckon we can't just lift it as is?\" asked Bruce One. \"Ask Jasper,\" said Mr Malone. Number Two Bruce hollered up the shaft. \"Hoi! What are the odds of doing a two-point lift on this thing?\" There was a pause before Sid's voice floated back down. \"He says Scotland'll win the World Cup before you should try that!\" The Bruces looked at each other and then to Mr Malone. \"Not good, then,\" concluded Number One. Mr Malone raised an eyebrow and nodded. \"It's three points or nothing. Four for preference but I know we can't do that.\" \"There's some cable down in the engine room,\" said Bruce One. \"I found it down there while I was looking for stuff.\" Mr Malone shook his head. \"Can't use that. It's been in the water for too long, it'll have been damaged too badly.\" \"Well, I'm out of ideas, then,\" said Bruce. \"Unless…\" \"Yes?\" Mr Malone looked at him. \"Well…we could always dismantle the salvage platform. That'll give us enough cable to do an eight-point lift.\" Bruce looked doubtful. \"It would,\" said Mr Malone. \"But then we'd have to be standing on the boat when we hoist it. And I ain't that stupid.\" \"It's the only way,\" said Bruce Two. \"Unless you tie the cable to the cockpit roof.\" \"Nope. Got to be the hull,\" Mr Malone shook his head. \"If anything goes wrong we'd tear the roof off and lose the boat as well.\" The Bruces shrugged. Mr Malone paused for a moment, deep in thought. \"All right,\" he said reluctantly. \"Dismantle the platform. And then hope that the hull really is intact. I don't want to live to regret this.\" \"I dunno if this counts as a bright side,\" said Bruce One helpfully. \"But if the hull isn't intact we probably won't live long enough to regret anything.\" Mr Malone glared. \"Yeah. Not a bright side, really.\" Bruce backed off. \"I'll…get onto the platform, then.\" Roddy looked out of the floor vent and breathed a sigh of relief. There was nobody there. He could hear conversation in one of the other rooms, but there was nobody in this one- and better yet, no sign of the cat which Sid had warned him about. He scrambled out and looked up at the table on which the cage- his cage- had stood. It was still there, glittering and golden. Roddy clambered up behind it and touched the bars, emotion crowding his mind. \"Hello,\" said a voice. \"Who are you?\" Roddy opened his eyes. He was being addressed by a rat wearing a dressing gown and slippers. The newcomer was leaning on the staircase railing inside the cage and regarding him with interest. \"My name's Roddy,\" said Roddy. \"Funny,\" said the other rat. \"So's mine. Well, actually it's Gerald but everyone here calls me Roddy. Not sure why, but as you can see, I've nothing to complain about.\" Roddy was nonplussed. Sid had replaced him. Obviously this Gerald had replaced Sid. How could Tabitha not have noticed the fact that she had seen three different rats? \"How long have you been here?\" asked Roddy. Gerald joined him at the bars and shrugged lazily. \"Couple of days. They bought me in a bit of a hurry. Like they had to replace someone or something. That happens, you know. Humans are so stupid they can't tell the difference between us so when one of us dies or runs away, they just replace us.\" He didn't seem concerned by this statement. Roddy blinked. It had to be true. \"And the cat?\" \"Oh, that furball? Easy enough to live with. I don't bother it, it doesn't bother me.\" Gerald shrugged again. \"If that's the price to pay to live here, I'm happy to pay it. Look at this place. It's a palace. Wouldn't you?\" \"No,\" said Roddy, firmly. His mind was made up. He'd come back, risked his life- risked Rita's life too, he guiltily reminded himself- to see whether he was being missed only to find that he had been replaced- again! The indignity was almost physically painful. \"Cheer up,\" said Gerald, \"It's Christmas after all.\" \"That's the point,\" said Roddy, half to himself. \"I'm sorry for intruding. I'll…just be going then.\" \"No problem, Roddy,\" said Gerald. He waved casually and went back upstairs. Roddy dropped back into the ducts and wandered along, lost in thought and shame. This had been his whole world once. The humans had been his family. And they hadn't even noticed that he was gone. He was a fool for thinking he had to come back- no, that wasn't true. He was a fool for telling himself that he had to come back for any reasons that weren't his own. He wasn't Roddy St. James of Kensington any longer. That, he saw now, had always been a convenient lie. One he had told to himself- and to Rita. Poor Rita. What had he put her through to get here? And what could she think of him now that he had been so stupid? His selfishness had almost cost them both everything. Roddy sagged against the wall, tears of shame and futility coming into his eyes. With nobody around to see him, Roddy St. James slumped to the floor, lost track of time, and began to cry. \"So that's it, sir,\" He looked up at the voice and wiped his nose. It came from above him, through a vent. A human voice, but not one of the family. \"They've been laid?\" That was the father. \"Yes, sir! Twenty of the finest fumigation bombs money can buy. When they go off, nothing survives. Money back guarantee.\" A man in blue overalls was speaking. \"Good,\" said the mother. \"It's a shame, having to fumigate the place on Christmas Day. But needs must with the rat plague the way it is. When can we come back?\" \"Three days,\" said the stranger. \"Just to be sure. That stuff's as bad for humans as it is for rats!\" \"Oh, that reminds me! Tabitha, did you remember to get Roddy? We can't leave him behind!\" There were footsteps going into the room Roddy had just left. \"It's not a big deal anyway. We've been staying at her cousin's place ever since they shut off the water supply here.\" The father sounded resigned. \"Oh, that'd be the Hyde Park maintenance work?\" said the man. \"That's right. Damnably inconvenient at this time of year but I suppose it has to be done some time.\" \"It'll be fixed soon,\" said the blue-dressed man. \"My brother's a plumber with the Water Board. He says they'll be able to bring it back on-stream tonight.\" Tabitha returned carrying the golden cage. Gerald noticed Roddy watching from the floor vent and waved. \"Got him, Mother!\" said Tabitha. \"And the cat's in the car already,\" said the father. \"We're all set. Let's go, shall we?\" \"I'll light the fuse,\" said the stranger. \"Thank you,\" said the father. \"And who should I make the cheque out to?\" \"K&E; Pest Control,\" said the man. \"Kingston and Ewart, to be precise.\" \"Then that's who it'll be,\" said the father. \"We'll just head outside.\" The family left. The man took a last look around the kitchen and then went out towards the back garden whistling tunelessly. It took Roddy a couple of seconds to realise what was about to happen. The ratcatchers Sid had warned them about! They were here! How much worse could his luck get? He stood up, eyes dry, and looked around frantically. He had taken a wrong turn while he was blinded by his tears and had lost track of where he was. He knew only one thing- he had to warn Rita before it was too late. Rita was kicking around a ringpull she had found, thankful for the distraction. She picked it up and twirled it around her finger expertly before hurling it, discus-style, into a far corner. She wandered over to the nearest of the cardboard cylinders and rapped on it with her knuckles. It was solid all right, and it smelled terrible. Rita wrinkled her nose against the chemical tang. Above her, a door slammed at the front of the house. A car started up and pulled away. A second door slammed at the back of the house. There was a distant hissing sound, and the noise of human footsteps hurrying away. Rita stepped out from behind the cylinder and looked around. There was a small column of smoke working its way down the string connecting the cylinders. \"Rita! We've got to get out of here! Now!\" Roddy barrelled out of the vents, clearly on the verge of panic. \"What? What's going on?\" Rita ran towards him as he stopped at the brick. \"The ratcatchers! They're here!\" \"The ones Sid was on about?\" Rita's eyes widened. \"Yes! And they've planted poison bombs around the house and they're about to set them off! They'll light the fuse any moment! Come on!\" Roddy pulled at her arm. Rita looked behind them. \"You mean…that fuse?\" Roddy looked and spotted the column of smoke as well. \"Yes...that fuse.\" Rita looked at the cylinders with a sick feeling. \"And...those poison bombs?\" Roddy studied them for a moment. \"This,\" he said, with the careful calmness of those about to die, \"Is unfair on so many levels.\" The column of smoke reached the first cylinder. A heartbeat later there was a small flash of flame, a bigger puff of black smoke and a detonation so loud that Rita was sure her eardrums would burst. She ducked instinctively and Roddy dropped to the ground. They helped each other up as the second fumigation bomb went off. \"Let's go!\" They ran together as more explosions went off behind them, kicking up dirt and throwing scraps of stone and cardboard around like shrapnel. Rita chanced a glance backwards and saw the underfloor was filling with roiling smoke. The cloud reached out to choke them as they ran. The stench of poison was overpowering and she fought to avoid retching. Another bomb went off, practically beside her, and the blast threw her aside like a doll. \"Rita!\" Roddy stopped and ran back to her, trying to hold his shirt over his nose in a futile defence against the chemical smoke. The fumigation bombs on the other side of the house began going off, removing the immediate danger of explosions but accelerating the far worse danger of choking. Roddy began pulling at Rita, trying to get her up. \"Just go!\" she choked. \"Leave me! Go or we both die!\" She tried to push him away. \"I've made enough mistakes today already!\" Roddy draped her arm over his shoulders. \"I'm not going to make another! We go together, that's what you always say!\" He coughed. His eyes were streaming with tears again. Every breath made him feel as if his lungs were on fire and he resisted an urge to drop to his knees and be sick. In this atmosphere, any delay would be fatal- if they weren't dead already. He cursed himself for bringing them to this place again. There was nothing but pain here. Gasping for air, they staggered through the gathering darkness. Jasper watched the Bruces and Mr Malone working far below. \"They've dismantled the platform,\" he said. \"Well, it got them the cable they needed,\" said Sid, who was eating something peacefully. \"That's not the point. Safety first, remember? They're relying on the boat to hold, and the boat's been in boiling water for months already! I'll be amazed if it even floats. And I helped build it here, I'm not some bum off the streets.\" Jasper wagged a finger severely. Sid shrugged. \"Well, they know what they're doing.\" Far below, Bruce Number One tugged on a cable speculatively. \"Do we know what we're doing?\" he asked. \"No,\" said Bruce Two. \"Speak for yourself,\" said Mr Malone. \"Well, we've got our eight-point lift set up. Now we just have to try it out.\" He went to the central cable and yanked on it twice. \"Ready to hoist!\" he shouted up the shaft. Sid saluted and kicked a lever. The crane began winding the cable back in, pulling it tight and straining to lift it. \"It's working!\" shouted Mr Malone as the keel was pulled free of the compacted mess at the shaft bottom. \"It's working!\" He laughed and waved joyously as the Bruces high-fived. The hull creaked as it took its own weight, but it held and the Jammy Dodger began its long ascent. Rita rolled over, propped herself up on her elbows, and was violently sick into the gutter. Her eyes felt as if they'd been used as pincushions and as for her throat- even the most sand-clogged engine couldn't feel this bad… Her memory kicked into action and replayed the last few seconds to her. Roddy had run back to save her, even as the exploding bombs filled the air with poison…Roddy had saved her She sat up and looked around. Roddy was draped over the edge of the gutter a little way off, looking decidedly green. \"If this is heaven,\" he groaned. \"It wasn't worth the trouble of dying.\" \"I don't think we're dead,\" said Rita hoarsely. She swallowed twice to try to moisten her mouth again. \"I think…you just saved us both.\" Roddy rolled over and looked back at the house. Smoke was still issuing from the vent they had escaped out of. \"Oh…I did? Good show…\" He sat up and put a hand to his head painfully. His own memory flickered into life and he remembered the conversation he had overheard between the humans. \" My brother's a plumber with the Water Board. He says they'll be able to bring it back on-stream tonight.\" Panic seized him again. He shot to his feet and pulled Rita up quickly. \"There's no time! We've got to get back to your father!\" \"What? Why?\" Rita shook her head and followed Roddy as he ducked back down into the drains. By the time she clambered down the mechanical arm, Roddy was already preparing the Jammy Dodger II for departure. \"I heard them talking about it up there,\" explained Roddy, gunning the engines. \"The Hyde Park Treatment Plant is going to be turned back on tonight! It could happen any minute and everyone in it will be killed for sure!\" Rita's face was a picture of horror. \"Dad's in there!\" \"Yes!\" Roddy turned them into the current and opened the throttle. Rita pushed him aside and took the wheel. \"In that case,\" she said firmly, \" I'll do the piloting.\" She turned the wheel. \"You're going the wrong way!\" Roddy pulled at her frantically. \"You're going back to the lake! The plant is the other way!\" \"I know!\" snapped Rita. \"We're not going to save them in this thing!\" \"What else is there?\" Roddy stared at her and remembered. There was the Flying Malone …but only Jasper could fly that. \"I can fly it,\" said Rita. \"He showed me how in Monaco when we were chasing you and the Mafia. I know what to do. It's our only chance. Once they bring the plant back on-stream all the currents will go back to normal and we won't be able to get near them in a boat without going over the rapids again!\" Of course. Only Rita could have put together a plan like that in so little time. \"But coming from the air is impossible!\" said Roddy. \"There's that chimney stack. The plane's too wide to fly down it!\" \"Only if its wings are out,\" said Rita, calmly. \"You want to fly it without wings?\" \"You remember that cylinder we saw attached to it before? And the dorsal hatches? I think I know what they are now!\" Mr Malone was practically dancing around the deck. The Bruces were watching him curiously. \"Madder than a frog in a sock,\" said Bruce One. \"Madder than six of 'em,\" said Bruce Two. He looked up. The ascent was slow going, but that was to be expected. The boat was probably as heavy as it was sturdy. The eight cables strained alarmingly, but none looked like fraying, even though they were so taught that they almost didn't vibrate when flicked. Bruce One winced as Bruce Two demonstrated by playing Advance Australia Fair on them. \"Don't do that, mate,\" he said. Jasper looked down as the crane's control panel counted down the feet. There were an awful lot of them to go, but Sid was unconcerned. \"Don't worry, me old china. Everything'll be fine.\" \"That's the last sound people hear before it isn't,\" said Jasper. \"You know what I always say-\" \"Safety first,\" said Sid sarcastically, holding up his hand in a Boy Scout salute. \"The Scout motto is 'be prepared',\" said Jasper. \"Which I also say a lot. But in this case-\" He paused. The shaft had just been illuminated by the lights set into the walls. A row of red rotating bulbs behind him, in the tunnel that fed from the main drains, began flashing. \"What's going on?\" Jasper looked around wildly. Sid looked down the tunnel and swallowed nervously. \"I think,\" he said, \"That we're in trouble.\" Jasper turned and saw that the floodgates were opening. The first trickle of water from the main drains was already winding its way down the tunnel towards them. A surge of dry, hot air came from below, rocking the crane's jury-rigged mounting. Sid and Jasper exchanged horrified looks as they heard the Hyde Park Treatment Plant's machinery wake up Rita scrambled into the Flying Malone 's cockpit after making a cursory effort at tying up the Jammy Dodger II . Roddy finished the job and darted across to join her in the Lancaster as she fired up the engine nacelles. Casting off from the side of the outfall, she turned the plane around and steered it onto the lake. \"Are you sure this is a good idea? What if the pelicans are still there?\" Roddy bucked himself into the sea behind the pilot's cockpit. Rita ignored him and was studying the controls, tapping each one in turn. \"All right, we've got pitch, yaw and roll…throttle control…rudder control.\" She shook her head and began looking under her seat. \"There must be a valve of some kind! Help me look for it. There'll be a pipe, and a valve to open it.\" Roddy looked down. There was nothing by his feet. He undid his belt and looked over at the third seat. By the left side of the fuselage was a shiny red butterfly valve. \"Found it!\" \"Turn it!\" said Rita over the engine noise. Roddy wrenched it round. There was a hiss of gas under pressure. He looked up as the dorsal fuselage burst open. A brightly-coloured mass emerged, inflating rapidly. \"It's a balloon!\" he said. \"I know! That's how they landed in the sewers!\" Rita punched the controls triumphantly. She had been right! \"VTOL- vertical takeoff and landing! Of course! Jasper, you old goat, you might just have saved the day again!\" Roddy watched the balloon inflate to its full, awesome height. It was taller than it was wide- clearly selected to be narrower than the plane it was attached to so as not to defeat its own purpose. It was garishly yellow, striped with purple, but style was not their concern right now. Having emptied itself of helium, the metal cylinder disengaged and dropped into the lake. Freed of its weight, the Flying Malone rose vertically into the air, water dripping from the floats. Rita laughed as if they'd already done it. Roddy got back into his seat and buckled in again, trying not to think about the widening gap between them and the ground. \"Let's go!\" shouted Rita. She reached down and opened the throttle. The engines roared and she began steering the unlikely aircraft towards the distant chimney stack. Mr Malone stopped dancing as the waterfall dropped past them. He froze on one leg as he worked out what was happening. The two Bruces, who had been quicker on the uptake, were already sheltering in the cabin. \"Was this supposed to happen?\" said Number One Bruce as Mr Malone joined them. There was already a drumming of water on the roof and the deck was awash with spray. \"What do you think?\" said Mr Malone. \"Of course not! We're going to be in right trouble if we can't get above the waterfalls quickly!\" \"We shouldn't have taken apart the salvage platform,\" said Bruce Two. \"The crane'd have us up there quick-sticks if it didn't have this weight on it.\" \"I know. But it was my idea.\" Mr Malone sighed. \"All right, it was Bruce's idea but I said yes. I'm sorry, lads.\" \"Could be worse,\" said Bruce One. \"Really?\" \"Probably not. I just wanted to make you feel good.\" The three rats sat together in the cockpit of the derelict ship as the water crashed down around them. Far above them- too far- Jasper and Sid watched helplessly. The rope bridge which was the only way to get to the crane had been swept off its moorings and dangled loosely, marooning them on the platform. There was nothing they could do as their companions below them battled their way up through the descending torrents. The crane's clockwork motor gave up under the battering and jammed. Sid moaned and looked up. \"If there's anyone up there,\" he said, clasping his hands together, \"I'd just like to say that I'm very sorry for everything. And if there's any help you could send us right now, that'd be great. Amen.\" He opened his eyes to see if anyone had been listening. To Sid's surprise, it seemed like they had been. Something was blocking the light from the top of the chimney.[Chapter 6] \"We're right over the chimney!\" shouted Roddy. Rita looked over the side of the cockpit and punched a red button on the control panel marked 'IGNITION' on the principle that the same button which turned the engines on would turn them off. Behind her there was an explosion and a panicky yelp. Rita looked around in time to see the seat behind Roddy ascending into the sky on a pair of small rockets. Roddy was staring around wildly. \"I thought you said you could fly this thing! Stop shooting off the ejector seats!\" \"I didn't know it had ejector seats!\" said Rita, genuinely surprised. \"They've modified it since then, remember?\" \"So you actually don't know how to fly it?\" Roddy stared in disbelief. \"You want to come up here and have a go? I'll get it right this time!\" Rita flashed him a cocky grin and hit a different red button, causing Roddy to make a dive for cover. The engines spluttered into silence. \"There, you see? Nothing to be afraid of.\" Rita turned back to the controls and began descending, fighting to keep them steady against the winds that toyed with the balloon and the thermal updraught from the chimney itself. \"Who's frightened?\" muttered Roddy. The dark circle of the chimney was right below them and he tried to guess how wide it was. Even with the wings folded, the Flying Malone was a sizable machine. Rita gritted her teeth and hoped that she had judged this right. A crunching sound from behind her told her otherwise. \"It's the tail!\" shouted Roddy. The Lancaster's tail had struck the edge of the chimney hard and had almost been torn off by the impact. Held on only by the fabric fuselage lining, it scraped down the wall as they descended into the chimney. Below them, they could hear the terrible sound of the waterfalls crashing into the depths. They were either just in time- or too late. \"Rita! Roddy!\" Rita looked down. Jasper and Sid were standing on the crane platform, waving to them. She descended towards them. \"We've got to get you out of here! Where's Dad and the others?\" Jasper said nothing, but pointed over the edge. Rita looked down and her breath caught in her throat. Far below them, the white-bleached Jammy Dodger was hanging forlornly amid the waterfalls, spray exploding off every surface. It was a miracle it was still in one piece. Rita brought the Flying Malone down and held it level just above the crane platform. \"We've got to do something!\" said Roddy. \"How can we get the boat out of here?\" \"How much lift has this thing got?\" said Rita to Jasper. \"We'll find out!\" said the mechanic, catching on. He turned to Sid. \"Unlock the cable spool! Give me the other end! We'll tie it to the Malone 's undercarriage.\" Sid gaped. \"Unlock the spool? If the brake blocks give way it'll unravel! They'll be dead for sure!\" \"We're all dead for sure if this doesn't work!\" shouted Rita. \"Just bloody well do it, Sid!\" Sid yanked a pin from the crane's neck and passed the other end of its cable to Jasper, who lashed it securely to the Lancaster's floats. \"You've still got to detach the crane from the pipe!\" shouted Roddy, pointing to the pins on the platform edge. Sid grabbed up an axe and laid about with a will. Splintered wood dropped into the abyss below them and the crane lurched as it left the pipe. The Flying Malone dropped suddenly before resuming its height. Everything- the crane, Jasper, Sid, the Jammy Dodger , the Bruces and Mr Malone- was now entirely dependent on the Lancaster. It wasn't enough. The boat and its three passengers were still in danger and the pounding water threatened to drag everything down after them. \"We've got to lose weight!\" shouted Rita to Roddy. \"Throw everything we don't need overboard! That goes for you too!\" she added to Jasper and Sid. \"She…she doesn't mean me, right?\" hissed Sid. \"I don't think so, but I'm prepared to risk being wrong on that,\" said Jasper, who took the axe from him and hurled it into the abyss. Sid began hurling anything he could get his hands on- tools, spare parts and assorted detritus plunged into the bowels of the treatment plant. It still was not enough. Rita could feel the insistent drag on the plane. It took all her strength just to keep the controls steady. \"I can't hold it for much longer!\" she shouted through clenched teeth. Roddy dumped a roll of fuselage canvas over the side and looked around desperately. They couldn't be out of options yet! He looked aft, and saw where they could lose the weight. The badly-damaged tail was dangling from the body of the Flying Malone . Well, they wouldn't be needing that now, would they? Roddy closed his eyes for a moment to concentrate and then clambered out of his seat. Trying not to think of the thundering abyss beneath him, he began inching his way back along the fuselage. \"Roddy! Get back, it's too dangerous!\" Rita had felt his movements and had turned to see him clambering through the arched wings. \"If you want to stop me, feel free to leave the controls!\" shouted Roddy, stronger than he felt. His head still hurt from the poison gas and a single mis-step would see him fall beyond all help. He reached the broken tail and began kicking at it. \"Come on! Fall off, you blasted thing!\" It finally gave way with a ripping of canvas and a rending of metal. The rear third of the bomber fell away, carrying with it most of the Flying Malone 's fuel- but also most of its weight. Like a cork held under water and suddenly released, the crippled plane shot up again and Rita was only just able to steer it into the chimney. Roddy cried out in terror as the Lancaster bucked like a wild horse, throwing him from his precarious perch at the stern. He stuck out an arm and gripped the rear-facing port propeller which creaked under his weight, but held. The walls shot past at a dizzying speed and then they were back in the air, over Kensington. The last rays of Christmas Day were falling across the city as the bizarre apparition levelled out. A badly-damaged model Lancaster was attached to a clockwork crane on which two rats were clinging for dear life. Far below the crane, but now safe, was a wrecked boat with three more passengers. But it was the two rats on the Lancaster who were cheering the loudest as the whole collection drifted down towards the lake. Rita leapt down from the cockpit and embraced Roddy tightly as he dropped down from the port wing, still shaking with adrenaline. Jasper and Sid, pitched into the lake as their crane sank beneath them, hauled themselves out of the water in the drain outfall Rita had touched down in and squelched towards them. \"Not bad, Rodders! Not bad at all!\" Sid hugged Roddy, who was so high on relief that he didn't resist the soggy sewer rat. \"Oh, it was really Rita,\" he said modestly. Rita jerked a thumb at the bomber. \"Sorry about the tail, uncle. I'll help you fix it.\" Jasper looked at what was left of his beloved flying machine. \"Thanks, but I should be able to manage. Even if I can't, I'm glad she was destroyed doing something worthwhile.\" Rita smiled at him. \"You never change.\" Roddy tapped her on the shoulder and pointed up the outfall. The Jammy Dodger II was there…and so was the Jammy Dodger I . The old boat, bleached white by its time in the Treatment Plant, looked almost ghostly as it floated next to its successor. Three figures emerged from the cabin and looked around dumbly. \"Are we dead, Bruce?\" \"No, Bruce. We're in London.\" \"Oh. Pity.\" The two Australians noticed the small group gathered by the Flying Malone . \"Crikey, talk about a last-minute rescue.\" Bruce One rubbed the back of his head. \"I was just about ready to declare my innings there.\" \"You and me both, Bruce,\" said Bruce Two, waving. Mr Malone said nothing. He looked at his daughter and gave her a small nod to let her know that he was all right. Rita smiled and nodded back. That was all she needed to know. Liam Malone was standing at the window of the family home, looking out at the water. Its surface rippled. \"I think the current's changed, mum,\" he called. \"For real, this time.\" Mrs Malone joined him. \"It can't have done, though. He's not back yet.\" \"Dad knows what he's about,\" said Liam, confidently. \"And old man Jasper can do anything.\" Mrs Malone didn't reply. She'd gone along with her husband's salvage plans because his ideas usually paid off and seldom went catastrophically wrong thanks to his apparently-inexhaustible depths of sheer luck. It was the same kind of luck which had kept Rita alive, and that was another reason Mrs Malone had let her husband go. Rita was still on holiday with young Roddy, and they had the new Jammy Dodger with them. A second boat would be a great asset. It would also get Mr Malone out of the house, where he had become as ubiquitous as wallpaper and as often underfoot as the carpet. Retirement hadn't done him much good and Mrs Malone knew that he was one of those men who needed to be busy. \"I'm sure he'll be all right,\" she said vaguely. \"He always is.\" \"Yeah. Right.\" Liam turned back to the window. \"I'd better get back to the dinner,\" said Mrs Malone. \"Fergus, stop that! Put him down!\" The largest Malone paused in the act of holding Shocky up to the ceiling fan. \"It was his idea, mum!\" \"Static electricity, mum!\" said Shocky, waving a Q-tip happily. He touched it to the hub of the rotating fan to demonstrate. \"Put him down, you little whippersnapper!\" snapped Grandmother Malone, poking Fergus with her stick. There was a crackle of electricity and Grandmother Malone ended up sprawled against the far wall, her hair standing on end despite the rollers. \"I haven't seen that many colours for a while…\" she muttered. Shocky grinned, an expression which faded when he saw his mother's look of disapproval. \"Sorry, mum.\" Fergus lowered him gently and Shocky attempted to hide the Q-tip behind his back. Mrs Malone rolled her eyes and went back to the kitchen, pausing only to dislodge various daughters from the Christmas tree in the family room. \"It's already got an angel on top, dears, it doesn't need another one. Or five.\" \"Mum! Mum!\" She sighed. \"The current is not changing direction, Liam!\" \"Yes it is, mum, but that's not the point!\" Liam was gesticulating wildly at something outside. \"What is the point, then?\" Mrs Malone went back to join him. \"They're back mum!\" \"What? Mr Malone and Jasper?\" \"Them too, mum!\" \"Well, who else is there?\" Mrs Malone stared out of the window, trying to make sense of what she could see. Two boats were pulling up at the jetty. One was the familiar Jammy Dodger II , not seen since Roddy and Rita had left for France some months before. Mrs Malone stared at the boat it was towing. \"It couldn't be…\" she said to herself. Mr Malone was at the helm of the ghostly white hulk of the Jammy Dodger I . He waved to his wife as they came alongside. \"Hello, dear! I said we'd be back on time!\" Mrs Malone laughed with relief. \"It's your father, everyone! Let's go and say hello!\" She led the clan out onto the jetty as the two boats tied up. Mr Malone stepped ashore and hugged his wife fondly. \"Would I ever let you down?\" he grinned. Mrs Malone gave him an unreadable but meaningful look. \"And Jasper, you're back too! So glad to see you!\" \"Glad to be back! And I'm glad to see me too!\" he chuckled. Mrs Malone shook her head and greeted the three who just stepped off the boat behind them. \"Sid! Bruce and Bruce! Oh, you're all right, I'm so pleased. We were so worried. Liam kept thinking that the currents were changing back!\" \"He was right,\" said Mr Malone. \"They turned the plant back on before we could get out.\" \"Told you,\" whispered Liam to Shocky, who hit him with the Q-tip. \"But how did you get back if that happened?\" Mrs Malone looked at the group. \"Well, we had some help.\" Mr Malone pointed to the second boat. Two figures had just dropped onto the jetty, where they were mobbed instantly by the Malone children. \"Rita! Roddy!\" Mrs Malone shook her head in wonderment. \"Well, if this isn't all my Christmases rolled into one! Hello, darling, how was the trip?\" Rita disengaged herself from her siblings and embraced her mother. \"I couldn't begin to tell you, mum,\" she said. \"Happy birthday. We didn't have time to get you anything, though.\" \"Oh, you know I don't like to make a fuss about that! But having you two back safe and sound is more than I could ask for. You look very well, Rita. I see Roddy's been taking good care of you?\" Mrs Malone raised an eyebrow. \"Ahah, well I'd like to call it a joint effort,\" said Roddy, grinning awkwardly. \"I bet you would, son,\" said Mr Malone, approvingly. \"Happy Christmas, Mister Jones!\" hollered Grandmother Malone from the top of the steps. Roddy cringed and attempted to hide behind Fergus. \"Back inside, everyone!\" Mrs Malone took charge, ushering her children back into the house. She turned to the returnees and smiled. \"Well, I never expected this to happen! Everyone back all together, I'm so pleased. Come on, then. That Christmas dinner won't eat itself, you know!\" She led the way inside. Mr Malone and Jasper followed her, with the Bruces and Sid close behind. Rita took a step towards her house and then looked back to Roddy, who was standing and watching the water with a faint smile on his face. \"Roddy? You're smiling.\" She took his arm. \"Yes…yes, I was just watching your family and thinking…how lucky I am to be watching them.\" \"So going back to Kensington did you some good?\" She looked at him hopefully. \"We were nearly killed, if you recall.\" \"Yes, and I recall that you saved me. You saved us , in fact. Everyone. And you nearly got yourself killed doing it.\" Rita led him slowly up the jetty. \"It was the least I could do,\" said Roddy. \"Since it was my fault you were there. Rita, I'm-\" She kissed him to shut him up. \"Bad timing, Roddy. It's Christmas! We can talk about that later. But remember- I wanted to be there. Don't ever forget that. Now come on.\" She turned back to the house. \"No, hang on, we've forgotten something.\" Roddy extricated his arm from hers and started back to the Jammy Dodger II . \"What?\" Rita followed him, wondering what he was on about. Roddy went aboard and held up a large cardboard box filled with wrapped objects. Rita laughed. The presents! \"And I thought that I'd be the one who had to remember them!\" she said. \"Oh, don't worry. You can thank me later.\" Roddy grinned. \"Besides…I couldn't forget about… my family, could I?\" Rita stared at him, a smile spreading over her face. \"Hurry up, you two! There'll be none left if you don't!\" \"Coming, dad!\" called Rita over her shoulder. She took one side of the box and led the way back into the house. The Bruces were teaching a small gaggle of Malone children the words to various Australian Christmas carols, having been made to promise not to sing anything inappropriate by Grandmother Malone. The threat had lapsed somewhat since Grandmother Malone had located the sherry and was asleep behind the couch. Sid had been banished to the kitchen to do the dishes on the grounds that he had used most of them. \"You two must have had the most interesting time, visiting all these exotic places,\" said Mrs Malone. \"Voodoo and everything.\" \"Actually, voodoo isn't from France,\" said Roddy, holding up a hand. \"It's still foreign, right?\" said Mr Malone, whose conception of 'foreign' began somewhere on the outskirts of Birmingham. \"Yes, dad,\" said Rita, poking Roddy to prevent him issuing another correction. Mr Malone was never going to be a cosmopolitan. \"I've got to take you back to Monaco,\" said Jasper to Mr Malone. \"I'll show you proper foreign. Of course, I'll have to fix the Flying Malone first.\" Mr Malone shook his head at the name. He'd been told the story of Monaco twice now and was no closer to understanding it. \"It sounds like you'd have had a safer time staying here,\" he said to Rita and Roddy. \"Tangling with gangsters and everything else. And running into the Toad again.\" \"Safer? Probably. But not as interesting.\" Rita shifted closer to Roddy and pretended not to notice the approving looks her parents traded. She looked around at her siblings, all of whom were playing with their new presents. Miniature Eiffel Towers were being used as rocket ships or shuttlecocks. \"Definitely not as interesting,\" said Roddy, who was doing the same with an expression that was almost proud. \"I'd love to hear more of it,\" said Mrs Malone. She turned suddenly to the Bruces. \"I heard that! I'll not have language like that in my house!\" The two Australians paused mid-verse and stared at her. \"It's the name of a bird, missus!\" objected Number One Bruce. \"Perfectly innocent,\" agreed Number Two Bruce. \"It's pronounced cock -a-too ,\" clarified Bruce One. \"You've a dirty mind there, Mrs Malone. The lyric is take a cockatoo .\" Roddy and Rita laughed. Mrs Malone turned back and crossed her arms. \"Don't encourage them,\" said Jasper. \"How you put up with them, Jasper, I don't know.\" Mrs Malone shook her head. \"I try not to,\" said Jasper. \"But make sure Sid stays here. It's bad enough with those two in stereo, I don't need Sid there to make it Surround Sound time. Even if they are half-decent mechanics.\" \"There's nobody else who could help you, Jasp?\" said Mr Malone. Jasper shrugged. \"Well, I've got a grandson up in Inverness but that's too far to go.\" \"No help, then?\" \"I haven't seen him for years, actually,\" said Jasper. \"Probably wouldn't recognise each other.\" \"It must be nice having grandchildren,\" said Mrs Malone wistfully, accompanied by a none-too-subtle look in Rita's direction. \"We'll help fix the plane,\" said Rita, pretending to ignore it. \"Sorry about breaking it.\" \"Given a choice between it and me? I'm not complaining,\" said Jasper. \"I'm glad to see my modifications worked all right though.\" \"They worked brilliantly,\" said Rita, \"I can't imagine how long it took you to do it.\" \"Well, we took our time getting it right,\" said Jasper. \"Safety first.\" \"Obviously, because you wouldn't want to do anything risky in it,\" said Roddy pointedly, remembering the ejector seat. \"That's right,\" said Jasper, impervious to sarcasm. \"Your boat worked all right, though, didn't it?\" said Mr Malone. \"No problems with the Dodger ? I mean, the new one.\" \"None we couldn't deal with,\" said Rita, deciding that now was not the best time to catalogue the mechanical faults which had dogged them. Mr Malone seemed happy. \"That's the way. A place for everything and everything in its place, isn't that right, dear?\" Mrs Malone nodded and gave a small cough to indicate a change of conversational drift. \"Which reminds me, Rita, you had to pack in a bit of hurry to leave. You didn't happen to come across-\" Rita grinned and pulled a bundle of white silk from the box under her chair. \"I wondered when you were going to ask, mum. You must have left it on board by accident . Right?\" She tossed her mother's wedding dress across to her. Mrs Malone caught it and had the decency to look embarrassed. \"Oh, good point!\" said Roddy. \"Sorry, Mr Malone. I'd return that ring you accidentally left in my jacket, only we used it as a joining brace on the fuel pump.\" \"The ring? Oh…that…\" Mr Malone wasn't the sort of person to be easily embarrassed, but he at least looked slightly contrite. Roddy and Rita exchanged satisfied glances. The whole holiday had been her parents' idea and there was some enjoyment to be had in preventing them from claiming a complete victory as matchmakers. \"Well, at least you found a use for it,\" muttered Mr Malone. \"Not the use I thought you'd find, obviously, but-\" \"What did you think I'd do with it?\" said Roddy, innocently. \"Yes, and Jasper thought of turning your wedding dress into a parachute, mum,\" said Rita, in the same tone of wilful ignorance. \"You should be more careful where you put it, you know, something might happen to it.\" \"Pardon?\" said Jasper, who had been watching the Bruces carefully. \"I'm just telling mum where she should put her wedding dress, Jasper,\" said Rita, grinning nastily. Roddy gave a warning cough. Mrs Malone looked at the clock on the wall, grateful for the distraction. \"Good grief, it's past midnight! Come on, you lot, off to bed!\" She shepherded the children upstairs. Rita stood up and yawned. \"We'd all better turn in as well. We had a bit of a late night last night, didn't we Roddy?\" Roddy grinned. \"Not so much that as an early morning,\" he said, getting up as well. Mrs Malone shrugged. \"I'd put you up in here, of course, but with Jasper and his friends here we've got no room.\" \"We can sleep on the Dodger ,\" said Rita. \"I mean, on the Dodger II .\" \"It's not right, you coming all the way back and having to sleep on the boat,\" said Mr Malone. \"Are you sure about that?\" \"Of course,\" said Rita. \"It isn't as if we haven't done it before.\" \"All right, then,\" said Mrs Malone. \"Happy Christmas, everyone. I'm so glad we were all here to see it. Leave the rest of the dishes, Sid!\" \"Sweet!\" came an answering yell, accompanied by the crash of plates. \"Well, good night everyone,\" said Mr Malone. \"Sleep well.\" Roddy and Rita left and shut the door behind them. Arm in arm, they went back to the boat. \"You know, it just occurred to me that I forgot to get you a Christmas present, Rita. I'm terribly sorry.\" \"Don't worry about it, Roddy. We've both been a bit busy. I didn't find one for you, either, so we'll call it a draw.\" She gave him a small smile. \"Well...thanks...but that's not the only thing I'm sorry for.\" He turned her towards him, his brown eyes filled with concern, and said what she had stopped him from saying before. \"I've been so stupid recently. I nearly got us both killed in Kensington.\" \"You saved me, Roddy,\" said Rita quietly. \"I'd have sooner stayed than left you.\" Roddy dropped his gaze. \"Neither of us should have been there at all but I was an idiot and-\" \"No.\" Rita stroked his ear gently. \"You went back because you felt you had to. You're apologising to me and I wanted to go with you, but you feel like you have to. You feel things, and although you don't always show it, Roddy, I think you feel them deeper than most people can. Going back can't have been easy for you and we shared the danger together, but you still feel sorry for me .\" \"That's because I put you through it all for nothing!\" Roddy took her wrist and held it. \"You didn't put me through anything I didn't volunteer for,\" said Rita, taking his hand. \"And you saved my father and all the others. It wasn't nothing.\" Roddy shook his head hopelessly and tried to put his feelings into words. \"You may have volunteered but I talked you into it. It was my fault. All of it.\" The guilt rose up inside him and for one awful moment he felt as if he would start crying again. The lights in the house went out, plunging them into darkness and Rita held Roddy's hand tighter as she spoke. \"You think you can talk me into anything I don't want to do?\" She tried to put a wry smile on her face, but failed. This wasn't a time for her usual tough-captain routine. Roddy was clearly in pain and she hated the sight of it. Even in the dark, his eyes glistened with unshed tears. She tried again. \"You're too hard on yourself. You care so much that you assume responsibility for things beyond your control, and that makes you so vulnerable.\" She touched a tender hand to his cheek. \"Don't feel guilty. Don't feel ashamed. Whatever changed for you these past few days, one thing is the same- and that is that I love you. I love you and I will never, ever let you carry a heavier burden than you should.\" She hugged him. Roddy held her like a drowning man holds a log, buried his face in her scarlet hair and took a deep, shuddering breath. \"Thank you,\" he said simply. \"And I love you too. That's why I tried slipping away before. I love you and I knew it would be hard. I'm so sorry\" \"Nothing to thank me for,\" replied Rita. \"Nothing to be sorry for either.\" They broke the hug and stood there for a moment, just looking at each other. \"They replaced me, you know,\" said Roddy after a while. \"They replaced me with Sid and then he left and they replaced him. How can they not notice?\" \"That's Up Top for you,\" said Rita. \"But you're not Up Top any longer. You're down here and I wouldn't replace you for anything.\" \"No?\" \"Good first mates are hard to find, you know.\" Rita patted him, sensing the upturn of the conversation. \"So if you ever see one, let me know.\" Roddy laughed. Rita took his arm and led him down the jetty, yawning deeply. \"Not like you to be getting tired,\" said Roddy, surprised. \"Well, it can take it out of you, this business.\" Rita smiled. Roddy looked down and realised that she was wearing a red ribbon around her waist, tied artfully into a bow. He glanced up. Rita inclined her head slightly towards the boat and raised an eyebrow. \"Yes…all of a sudden, I feel a little battle-weary myself,\" he said, grinning. They boarded the Jammy Dodger II and moved quietly into the stern. \"Well…happy Christmas, Roddy.\" \"Happy Christmas, Rita. I hope you're not too tired.\" \"I am a little tired, to tell you the truth.\" Rita sat down on the bed and kicked off her boots. \"That's not surprising, after today,\" said Roddy. Rita smiled. \"You mean after everything in the last few months! You know…I think…I think…\" \"Yes?\" She laughed and took his hand, pulling him to sit beside her on the bed. \"I think we could do with a holiday, Roddy. Don't you?\" The End","LastChapter":"\"We're right over the chimney!\" shouted Roddy. Rita looked over the side of the cockpit and punched a red button on the control panel marked 'IGNITION' on the principle that the same button which turned the engines on would turn them off. Behind her there was an explosion and a panicky yelp. Rita looked around in time to see the seat behind Roddy ascending into the sky on a pair of small rockets. Roddy was staring around wildly. \"I thought you said you could fly this thing! Stop shooting off the ejector seats!\" \"I didn't know it had ejector seats!\" said Rita, genuinely surprised. \"They've modified it since then, remember?\" \"So you actually don't know how to fly it?\" Roddy stared in disbelief. \"You want to come up here and have a go? I'll get it right this time!\" Rita flashed him a cocky grin and hit a different red button, causing Roddy to make a dive for cover. The engines spluttered into silence. \"There, you see? Nothing to be afraid of.\" Rita turned back to the controls and began descending, fighting to keep them steady against the winds that toyed with the balloon and the thermal updraught from the chimney itself. \"Who's frightened?\" muttered Roddy. The dark circle of the chimney was right below them and he tried to guess how wide it was. Even with the wings folded, the Flying Malone was a sizable machine. Rita gritted her teeth and hoped that she had judged this right. A crunching sound from behind her told her otherwise. \"It's the tail!\" shouted Roddy. The Lancaster's tail had struck the edge of the chimney hard and had almost been torn off by the impact. Held on only by the fabric fuselage lining, it scraped down the wall as they descended into the chimney. Below them, they could hear the terrible sound of the waterfalls crashing into the depths. They were either just in time- or too late. \"Rita! Roddy!\" Rita looked down. Jasper and Sid were standing on the crane platform, waving to them. She descended towards them. \"We've got to get you out of here! Where's Dad and the others?\" Jasper said nothing, but pointed over the edge. Rita looked down and her breath caught in her throat. Far below them, the white-bleached Jammy Dodger was hanging forlornly amid the waterfalls, spray exploding off every surface. It was a miracle it was still in one piece. Rita brought the Flying Malone down and held it level just above the crane platform. \"We've got to do something!\" said Roddy. \"How can we get the boat out of here?\" \"How much lift has this thing got?\" said Rita to Jasper. \"We'll find out!\" said the mechanic, catching on. He turned to Sid. \"Unlock the cable spool! Give me the other end! We'll tie it to the Malone 's undercarriage.\" Sid gaped. \"Unlock the spool? If the brake blocks give way it'll unravel! They'll be dead for sure!\" \"We're all dead for sure if this doesn't work!\" shouted Rita. \"Just bloody well do it, Sid!\" Sid yanked a pin from the crane's neck and passed the other end of its cable to Jasper, who lashed it securely to the Lancaster's floats. \"You've still got to detach the crane from the pipe!\" shouted Roddy, pointing to the pins on the platform edge. Sid grabbed up an axe and laid about with a will. Splintered wood dropped into the abyss below them and the crane lurched as it left the pipe. The Flying Malone dropped suddenly before resuming its height. Everything- the crane, Jasper, Sid, the Jammy Dodger , the Bruces and Mr Malone- was now entirely dependent on the Lancaster. It wasn't enough. The boat and its three passengers were still in danger and the pounding water threatened to drag everything down after them. \"We've got to lose weight!\" shouted Rita to Roddy. \"Throw everything we don't need overboard! That goes for you too!\" she added to Jasper and Sid. \"She…she doesn't mean me, right?\" hissed Sid. \"I don't think so, but I'm prepared to risk being wrong on that,\" said Jasper, who took the axe from him and hurled it into the abyss. Sid began hurling anything he could get his hands on- tools, spare parts and assorted detritus plunged into the bowels of the treatment plant. It still was not enough. Rita could feel the insistent drag on the plane. It took all her strength just to keep the controls steady. \"I can't hold it for much longer!\" she shouted through clenched teeth. Roddy dumped a roll of fuselage canvas over the side and looked around desperately. They couldn't be out of options yet! He looked aft, and saw where they could lose the weight. The badly-damaged tail was dangling from the body of the Flying Malone . Well, they wouldn't be needing that now, would they? Roddy closed his eyes for a moment to concentrate and then clambered out of his seat. Trying not to think of the thundering abyss beneath him, he began inching his way back along the fuselage. \"Roddy! Get back, it's too dangerous!\" Rita had felt his movements and had turned to see him clambering through the arched wings. \"If you want to stop me, feel free to leave the controls!\" shouted Roddy, stronger than he felt. His head still hurt from the poison gas and a single mis-step would see him fall beyond all help. He reached the broken tail and began kicking at it. \"Come on! Fall off, you blasted thing!\" It finally gave way with a ripping of canvas and a rending of metal. The rear third of the bomber fell away, carrying with it most of the Flying Malone 's fuel- but also most of its weight. Like a cork held under water and suddenly released, the crippled plane shot up again and Rita was only just able to steer it into the chimney. Roddy cried out in terror as the Lancaster bucked like a wild horse, throwing him from his precarious perch at the stern. He stuck out an arm and gripped the rear-facing port propeller which creaked under his weight, but held. The walls shot past at a dizzying speed and then they were back in the air, over Kensington. The last rays of Christmas Day were falling across the city as the bizarre apparition levelled out. A badly-damaged model Lancaster was attached to a clockwork crane on which two rats were clinging for dear life. Far below the crane, but now safe, was a wrecked boat with three more passengers. But it was the two rats on the Lancaster who were cheering the loudest as the whole collection drifted down towards the lake. Rita leapt down from the cockpit and embraced Roddy tightly as he dropped down from the port wing, still shaking with adrenaline. Jasper and Sid, pitched into the lake as their crane sank beneath them, hauled themselves out of the water in the drain outfall Rita had touched down in and squelched towards them. \"Not bad, Rodders! Not bad at all!\" Sid hugged Roddy, who was so high on relief that he didn't resist the soggy sewer rat. \"Oh, it was really Rita,\" he said modestly. Rita jerked a thumb at the bomber. \"Sorry about the tail, uncle. I'll help you fix it.\" Jasper looked at what was left of his beloved flying machine. \"Thanks, but I should be able to manage. Even if I can't, I'm glad she was destroyed doing something worthwhile.\" Rita smiled at him. \"You never change.\" Roddy tapped her on the shoulder and pointed up the outfall. The Jammy Dodger II was there…and so was the Jammy Dodger I . The old boat, bleached white by its time in the Treatment Plant, looked almost ghostly as it floated next to its successor. Three figures emerged from the cabin and looked around dumbly. \"Are we dead, Bruce?\" \"No, Bruce. We're in London.\" \"Oh. Pity.\" The two Australians noticed the small group gathered by the Flying Malone . \"Crikey, talk about a last-minute rescue.\" Bruce One rubbed the back of his head. \"I was just about ready to declare my innings there.\" \"You and me both, Bruce,\" said Bruce Two, waving. Mr Malone said nothing. He looked at his daughter and gave her a small nod to let her know that he was all right. Rita smiled and nodded back. That was all she needed to know. Liam Malone was standing at the window of the family home, looking out at the water. Its surface rippled. \"I think the current's changed, mum,\" he called. \"For real, this time.\" Mrs Malone joined him. \"It can't have done, though. He's not back yet.\" \"Dad knows what he's about,\" said Liam, confidently. \"And old man Jasper can do anything.\" Mrs Malone didn't reply. She'd gone along with her husband's salvage plans because his ideas usually paid off and seldom went catastrophically wrong thanks to his apparently-inexhaustible depths of sheer luck. It was the same kind of luck which had kept Rita alive, and that was another reason Mrs Malone had let her husband go. Rita was still on holiday with young Roddy, and they had the new Jammy Dodger with them. A second boat would be a great asset. It would also get Mr Malone out of the house, where he had become as ubiquitous as wallpaper and as often underfoot as the carpet. Retirement hadn't done him much good and Mrs Malone knew that he was one of those men who needed to be busy. \"I'm sure he'll be all right,\" she said vaguely. \"He always is.\" \"Yeah. Right.\" Liam turned back to the window. \"I'd better get back to the dinner,\" said Mrs Malone. \"Fergus, stop that! Put him down!\" The largest Malone paused in the act of holding Shocky up to the ceiling fan. \"It was his idea, mum!\" \"Static electricity, mum!\" said Shocky, waving a Q-tip happily. He touched it to the hub of the rotating fan to demonstrate. \"Put him down, you little whippersnapper!\" snapped Grandmother Malone, poking Fergus with her stick. There was a crackle of electricity and Grandmother Malone ended up sprawled against the far wall, her hair standing on end despite the rollers. \"I haven't seen that many colours for a while…\" she muttered. Shocky grinned, an expression which faded when he saw his mother's look of disapproval. \"Sorry, mum.\" Fergus lowered him gently and Shocky attempted to hide the Q-tip behind his back. Mrs Malone rolled her eyes and went back to the kitchen, pausing only to dislodge various daughters from the Christmas tree in the family room. \"It's already got an angel on top, dears, it doesn't need another one. Or five.\" \"Mum! Mum!\" She sighed. \"The current is not changing direction, Liam!\" \"Yes it is, mum, but that's not the point!\" Liam was gesticulating wildly at something outside. \"What is the point, then?\" Mrs Malone went back to join him. \"They're back mum!\" \"What? Mr Malone and Jasper?\" \"Them too, mum!\" \"Well, who else is there?\" Mrs Malone stared out of the window, trying to make sense of what she could see. Two boats were pulling up at the jetty. One was the familiar Jammy Dodger II , not seen since Roddy and Rita had left for France some months before. Mrs Malone stared at the boat it was towing. \"It couldn't be…\" she said to herself. Mr Malone was at the helm of the ghostly white hulk of the Jammy Dodger I . He waved to his wife as they came alongside. \"Hello, dear! I said we'd be back on time!\" Mrs Malone laughed with relief. \"It's your father, everyone! Let's go and say hello!\" She led the clan out onto the jetty as the two boats tied up. Mr Malone stepped ashore and hugged his wife fondly. \"Would I ever let you down?\" he grinned. Mrs Malone gave him an unreadable but meaningful look. \"And Jasper, you're back too! So glad to see you!\" \"Glad to be back! And I'm glad to see me too!\" he chuckled. Mrs Malone shook her head and greeted the three who just stepped off the boat behind them. \"Sid! Bruce and Bruce! Oh, you're all right, I'm so pleased. We were so worried. Liam kept thinking that the currents were changing back!\" \"He was right,\" said Mr Malone. \"They turned the plant back on before we could get out.\" \"Told you,\" whispered Liam to Shocky, who hit him with the Q-tip. \"But how did you get back if that happened?\" Mrs Malone looked at the group. \"Well, we had some help.\" Mr Malone pointed to the second boat. Two figures had just dropped onto the jetty, where they were mobbed instantly by the Malone children. \"Rita! Roddy!\" Mrs Malone shook her head in wonderment. \"Well, if this isn't all my Christmases rolled into one! Hello, darling, how was the trip?\" Rita disengaged herself from her siblings and embraced her mother. \"I couldn't begin to tell you, mum,\" she said. \"Happy birthday. We didn't have time to get you anything, though.\" \"Oh, you know I don't like to make a fuss about that! But having you two back safe and sound is more than I could ask for. You look very well, Rita. I see Roddy's been taking good care of you?\" Mrs Malone raised an eyebrow. \"Ahah, well I'd like to call it a joint effort,\" said Roddy, grinning awkwardly. \"I bet you would, son,\" said Mr Malone, approvingly. \"Happy Christmas, Mister Jones!\" hollered Grandmother Malone from the top of the steps. Roddy cringed and attempted to hide behind Fergus. \"Back inside, everyone!\" Mrs Malone took charge, ushering her children back into the house. She turned to the returnees and smiled. \"Well, I never expected this to happen! Everyone back all together, I'm so pleased. Come on, then. That Christmas dinner won't eat itself, you know!\" She led the way inside. Mr Malone and Jasper followed her, with the Bruces and Sid close behind. Rita took a step towards her house and then looked back to Roddy, who was standing and watching the water with a faint smile on his face. \"Roddy? You're smiling.\" She took his arm. \"Yes…yes, I was just watching your family and thinking…how lucky I am to be watching them.\" \"So going back to Kensington did you some good?\" She looked at him hopefully. \"We were nearly killed, if you recall.\" \"Yes, and I recall that you saved me. You saved us , in fact. Everyone. And you nearly got yourself killed doing it.\" Rita led him slowly up the jetty. \"It was the least I could do,\" said Roddy. \"Since it was my fault you were there. Rita, I'm-\" She kissed him to shut him up. \"Bad timing, Roddy. It's Christmas! We can talk about that later. But remember- I wanted to be there. Don't ever forget that. Now come on.\" She turned back to the house. \"No, hang on, we've forgotten something.\" Roddy extricated his arm from hers and started back to the Jammy Dodger II . \"What?\" Rita followed him, wondering what he was on about. Roddy went aboard and held up a large cardboard box filled with wrapped objects. Rita laughed. The presents! \"And I thought that I'd be the one who had to remember them!\" she said. \"Oh, don't worry. You can thank me later.\" Roddy grinned. \"Besides…I couldn't forget about… my family, could I?\" Rita stared at him, a smile spreading over her face. \"Hurry up, you two! There'll be none left if you don't!\" \"Coming, dad!\" called Rita over her shoulder. She took one side of the box and led the way back into the house. The Bruces were teaching a small gaggle of Malone children the words to various Australian Christmas carols, having been made to promise not to sing anything inappropriate by Grandmother Malone. The threat had lapsed somewhat since Grandmother Malone had located the sherry and was asleep behind the couch. Sid had been banished to the kitchen to do the dishes on the grounds that he had used most of them. \"You two must have had the most interesting time, visiting all these exotic places,\" said Mrs Malone. \"Voodoo and everything.\" \"Actually, voodoo isn't from France,\" said Roddy, holding up a hand. \"It's still foreign, right?\" said Mr Malone, whose conception of 'foreign' began somewhere on the outskirts of Birmingham. \"Yes, dad,\" said Rita, poking Roddy to prevent him issuing another correction. Mr Malone was never going to be a cosmopolitan. \"I've got to take you back to Monaco,\" said Jasper to Mr Malone. \"I'll show you proper foreign. Of course, I'll have to fix the Flying Malone first.\" Mr Malone shook his head at the name. He'd been told the story of Monaco twice now and was no closer to understanding it. \"It sounds like you'd have had a safer time staying here,\" he said to Rita and Roddy. \"Tangling with gangsters and everything else. And running into the Toad again.\" \"Safer? Probably. But not as interesting.\" Rita shifted closer to Roddy and pretended not to notice the approving looks her parents traded. She looked around at her siblings, all of whom were playing with their new presents. Miniature Eiffel Towers were being used as rocket ships or shuttlecocks. \"Definitely not as interesting,\" said Roddy, who was doing the same with an expression that was almost proud. \"I'd love to hear more of it,\" said Mrs Malone. She turned suddenly to the Bruces. \"I heard that! I'll not have language like that in my house!\" The two Australians paused mid-verse and stared at her. \"It's the name of a bird, missus!\" objected Number One Bruce. \"Perfectly innocent,\" agreed Number Two Bruce. \"It's pronounced cock -a-too ,\" clarified Bruce One. \"You've a dirty mind there, Mrs Malone. The lyric is take a cockatoo .\" Roddy and Rita laughed. Mrs Malone turned back and crossed her arms. \"Don't encourage them,\" said Jasper. \"How you put up with them, Jasper, I don't know.\" Mrs Malone shook her head. \"I try not to,\" said Jasper. \"But make sure Sid stays here. It's bad enough with those two in stereo, I don't need Sid there to make it Surround Sound time. Even if they are half-decent mechanics.\" \"There's nobody else who could help you, Jasp?\" said Mr Malone. Jasper shrugged. \"Well, I've got a grandson up in Inverness but that's too far to go.\" \"No help, then?\" \"I haven't seen him for years, actually,\" said Jasper. \"Probably wouldn't recognise each other.\" \"It must be nice having grandchildren,\" said Mrs Malone wistfully, accompanied by a none-too-subtle look in Rita's direction. \"We'll help fix the plane,\" said Rita, pretending to ignore it. \"Sorry about breaking it.\" \"Given a choice between it and me? I'm not complaining,\" said Jasper. \"I'm glad to see my modifications worked all right though.\" \"They worked brilliantly,\" said Rita, \"I can't imagine how long it took you to do it.\" \"Well, we took our time getting it right,\" said Jasper. \"Safety first.\" \"Obviously, because you wouldn't want to do anything risky in it,\" said Roddy pointedly, remembering the ejector seat. \"That's right,\" said Jasper, impervious to sarcasm. \"Your boat worked all right, though, didn't it?\" said Mr Malone. \"No problems with the Dodger ? I mean, the new one.\" \"None we couldn't deal with,\" said Rita, deciding that now was not the best time to catalogue the mechanical faults which had dogged them. Mr Malone seemed happy. \"That's the way. A place for everything and everything in its place, isn't that right, dear?\" Mrs Malone nodded and gave a small cough to indicate a change of conversational drift. \"Which reminds me, Rita, you had to pack in a bit of hurry to leave. You didn't happen to come across-\" Rita grinned and pulled a bundle of white silk from the box under her chair. \"I wondered when you were going to ask, mum. You must have left it on board by accident . Right?\" She tossed her mother's wedding dress across to her. Mrs Malone caught it and had the decency to look embarrassed. \"Oh, good point!\" said Roddy. \"Sorry, Mr Malone. I'd return that ring you accidentally left in my jacket, only we used it as a joining brace on the fuel pump.\" \"The ring? Oh…that…\" Mr Malone wasn't the sort of person to be easily embarrassed, but he at least looked slightly contrite. Roddy and Rita exchanged satisfied glances. The whole holiday had been her parents' idea and there was some enjoyment to be had in preventing them from claiming a complete victory as matchmakers. \"Well, at least you found a use for it,\" muttered Mr Malone. \"Not the use I thought you'd find, obviously, but-\" \"What did you think I'd do with it?\" said Roddy, innocently. \"Yes, and Jasper thought of turning your wedding dress into a parachute, mum,\" said Rita, in the same tone of wilful ignorance. \"You should be more careful where you put it, you know, something might happen to it.\" \"Pardon?\" said Jasper, who had been watching the Bruces carefully. \"I'm just telling mum where she should put her wedding dress, Jasper,\" said Rita, grinning nastily. Roddy gave a warning cough. Mrs Malone looked at the clock on the wall, grateful for the distraction. \"Good grief, it's past midnight! Come on, you lot, off to bed!\" She shepherded the children upstairs. Rita stood up and yawned. \"We'd all better turn in as well. We had a bit of a late night last night, didn't we Roddy?\" Roddy grinned. \"Not so much that as an early morning,\" he said, getting up as well. Mrs Malone shrugged. \"I'd put you up in here, of course, but with Jasper and his friends here we've got no room.\" \"We can sleep on the Dodger ,\" said Rita. \"I mean, on the Dodger II .\" \"It's not right, you coming all the way back and having to sleep on the boat,\" said Mr Malone. \"Are you sure about that?\" \"Of course,\" said Rita. \"It isn't as if we haven't done it before.\" \"All right, then,\" said Mrs Malone. \"Happy Christmas, everyone. I'm so glad we were all here to see it. Leave the rest of the dishes, Sid!\" \"Sweet!\" came an answering yell, accompanied by the crash of plates. \"Well, good night everyone,\" said Mr Malone. \"Sleep well.\" Roddy and Rita left and shut the door behind them. Arm in arm, they went back to the boat. \"You know, it just occurred to me that I forgot to get you a Christmas present, Rita. I'm terribly sorry.\" \"Don't worry about it, Roddy. We've both been a bit busy. I didn't find one for you, either, so we'll call it a draw.\" She gave him a small smile. \"Well...thanks...but that's not the only thing I'm sorry for.\" He turned her towards him, his brown eyes filled with concern, and said what she had stopped him from saying before. \"I've been so stupid recently. I nearly got us both killed in Kensington.\" \"You saved me, Roddy,\" said Rita quietly. \"I'd have sooner stayed than left you.\" Roddy dropped his gaze. \"Neither of us should have been there at all but I was an idiot and-\" \"No.\" Rita stroked his ear gently. \"You went back because you felt you had to. You're apologising to me and I wanted to go with you, but you feel like you have to. You feel things, and although you don't always show it, Roddy, I think you feel them deeper than most people can. Going back can't have been easy for you and we shared the danger together, but you still feel sorry for me .\" \"That's because I put you through it all for nothing!\" Roddy took her wrist and held it. \"You didn't put me through anything I didn't volunteer for,\" said Rita, taking his hand. \"And you saved my father and all the others. It wasn't nothing.\" Roddy shook his head hopelessly and tried to put his feelings into words. \"You may have volunteered but I talked you into it. It was my fault. All of it.\" The guilt rose up inside him and for one awful moment he felt as if he would start crying again. The lights in the house went out, plunging them into darkness and Rita held Roddy's hand tighter as she spoke. \"You think you can talk me into anything I don't want to do?\" She tried to put a wry smile on her face, but failed. This wasn't a time for her usual tough-captain routine. Roddy was clearly in pain and she hated the sight of it. Even in the dark, his eyes glistened with unshed tears. She tried again. \"You're too hard on yourself. You care so much that you assume responsibility for things beyond your control, and that makes you so vulnerable.\" She touched a tender hand to his cheek. \"Don't feel guilty. Don't feel ashamed. Whatever changed for you these past few days, one thing is the same- and that is that I love you. I love you and I will never, ever let you carry a heavier burden than you should.\" She hugged him. Roddy held her like a drowning man holds a log, buried his face in her scarlet hair and took a deep, shuddering breath. \"Thank you,\" he said simply. \"And I love you too. That's why I tried slipping away before. I love you and I knew it would be hard. I'm so sorry\" \"Nothing to thank me for,\" replied Rita. \"Nothing to be sorry for either.\" They broke the hug and stood there for a moment, just looking at each other. \"They replaced me, you know,\" said Roddy after a while. \"They replaced me with Sid and then he left and they replaced him. How can they not notice?\" \"That's Up Top for you,\" said Rita. \"But you're not Up Top any longer. You're down here and I wouldn't replace you for anything.\" \"No?\" \"Good first mates are hard to find, you know.\" Rita patted him, sensing the upturn of the conversation. \"So if you ever see one, let me know.\" Roddy laughed. Rita took his arm and led him down the jetty, yawning deeply. \"Not like you to be getting tired,\" said Roddy, surprised. \"Well, it can take it out of you, this business.\" Rita smiled. Roddy looked down and realised that she was wearing a red ribbon around her waist, tied artfully into a bow. He glanced up. Rita inclined her head slightly towards the boat and raised an eyebrow. \"Yes…all of a sudden, I feel a little battle-weary myself,\" he said, grinning. They boarded the Jammy Dodger II and moved quietly into the stern. \"Well…happy Christmas, Roddy.\" \"Happy Christmas, Rita. I hope you're not too tired.\" \"I am a little tired, to tell you the truth.\" Rita sat down on the bed and kicked off her boots. \"That's not surprising, after today,\" said Roddy. Rita smiled. \"You mean after everything in the last few months! You know…I think…I think…\" \"Yes?\" She laughed and took his hand, pulling him to sit beside her on the bed. \"I think we could do with a holiday, Roddy. Don't you?\" The End","Summary":" Everything to do with the original Flushed Away is the result of the inestimable brain-power of Dre","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Adventure Romance - Chapters: 6   - Words: 24,465 - Reviews: 27 - Favs: 15 - Follows: 5 - Updated: 4 28 2007 - Published: 4 16 2007 - Status: Complete - id: 3493196 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Flushed Away: A Change of Scene","Author":"Firefall Bangenthump","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3400348","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Flushed Away , the characters and settings therein and all related material are the property of the genius-type bods at Aardman Animations and DreamWorks. I ask for their forgiveness for my (mis?)use of their wonderful creations in this piece, which I submit in tribute and with the fond hope that one day this site will have a dedicated Flushed Away subsection... The Jammy Dodger II 's thrusters rippled the water as Rita jockeyed to keep it stationary againt the current. The prize was astern of them, snagged against a twist of sharp but rusting wire that threatened to foul her propellers if she got too close. There had been a time- not long ago either, she reminded herself- that she would have been over the moon with such a find. It might have been enough to support her family for a week or more. But that was no longer a concern. For the first time in memory, the Malone family's future was secure. The reason for this windfall was hanging off the back of the Jammy Dodger II in a bosun's chair, taking enthusiastic but inexpert swipes at the prize with a boathook in between trying to keep his balance. Roderick St. James of Kensington had entered Rita's life in the strangest circumstances imaginable and within ten minutes of their first meeting had come close to ending it as well. Trust didn't come naturally to Rita, particularly in regard to oddly-dressed strangers who nearly get her killed, but necessity had forced them to work together and it turned out that each one held the key to the other's goals. She had navigated their way back to Kensington, although it cost her the Jammy Dodger to do it. Once there, Roddy had answered all her prayers in two simple gestures, handing her the jewels which had changed her life. She no longer had to work the drains to get by, but the habit of a lifetime was hard to beat. Besides, it was much more fun now than it used to be, because Roddy had decided to abandon his above-ground life and stay with her in the aftermath of the Toad's attempted genocide. That was a few weeks ago now, and Roddy was proving to be a fast learner. His dinner suit was handing below, drying in the heat of the engines, and he was wearing clothing more suitable for a scavenger- simple but hard-wearing- but Roddy could make a luminous tartan kilt look stylish, right up until the point where he tried to do anything else with it. Rita leant on the cockpit rail for a moment and regarded her companion as he took another wild swing at the prize. The prize was a wallet, and old one clearly dropped by some hapless human through the grate above them. It must have been some time ago, however, as the black leather was coated with a generous layer of slime which meant that anything short of a direct hit with the boathook would skim off like oil on water. Roddy's latest attempt was considerably short of a direct hit, and he overbalanced and fell in with a splash. He surfaced, spluttering. Rita shook her head, shoulders shaking with silent laughter, and activated the boat's mechanical arm to fish him out. He hung for a moment in the air, held up by his collar and spitting out water, before he looked up and met Rita's eyes. He grinned sheepishly. \"Blimey you cause me a lot of trouble, Roddy,\" she said. \"You know you spend almost as much time in the water as the boat?\" \"It's called method,\" said Roddy, defensively. \"I am becoming one with the thing. It's called sophistication.\" \"It's called doing it wrong,\" said Rita. \"Oh, really? I thought that last one was rather good myself.\" He wrung out his shirt onto the deck, prompting Rita to suspend him so far outboard that the boat began tipping slightly. \"Not on the deck! Not on the deck! You know that means I have to mop it up!\" \"You mean make me mop it up, don't you?\" Roddy grinned. \"Delegation is what captains do. And around here, that means me, right?\" She cocked an eyebrow with mock seriousness. Roddy drew himself to as much attention as he could when being suspended by his collar and saluted. \"Yes sir, captain, skipper thingy!\" He couldn't wipe the grin off his face as he repeated those last three words- the first ones he had said to Rita when they first met. \"That's miss captain, skipper thingy to you,\" shot back Rita, who remembered it just as well. \"Now do you want to come back on board and I'll show you how it's done?\" She brought him back and lowered him onto the after deck before checking the thrusters again. The boat still had its hydrofoils, although the hydraulics were playing up again. The great outboard fans had been removed after Roddy had narrowly avoided being filleted by one. Rita didn't mind- they were large and noisy, two things which did not lend themselves to the delicate business of prospecting, and the fuel consumption was beyond a joke. Thanks to Roddy, money wasn't the worry that it once was, but Rita was too much one of her family to change that easily. Save and survive, that was her motto, although not necessarily in that order. She eyed the controls and made an adjustment so minute that only a skilled pilot would have noticed it before going aft with a second boathook. Roddy watched her as she took up position on the rail, exquisitely balanced and as sure-footed as a leopard. \"You're trying to hook into it,\" she said. \"You gotta look at it differently. Make its shape work for you. You see that corner where the stitching is coming away?\" She pointed to the far corner of the wallet where the leather was fraying. Roddy nodded. \"That's your target. That's where the hook will catch. Like this-\" Rita struck with snakebite speed, leaning far over the side of the boat, lashing out with the hook before straightening again, and was pulling the wallet towards the boat before gravity could work out what was going on. She climbed back to the deck, never losing her grip on the hook, and Roddy joined her to pull the prize aboard. It landed with a wet splatter, dripping water over the deck. \"You're not worried about that water?\" asked Roddy. \"Nope,\" replied Rita. \"'Cause I can just tell you to mop it up, remember? Besides, this is worth money.\" \"And I'm not?\" said Roddy, feigning injured pride. Rita flicked his ear fondly. \"Oh, no, Roddy. You're priceless. I wouldn't pay any money for you.\" It took Roddy a couple of seconds to realise the backhanded swipe that apparent compliment had contained but any chance for a smart response had passed by then and Rita was using the sharp edge of her hook to cut open the leather. \"It's cards,\" she said. \"Just those plastic cards that humans seem to use so much. What good are they?\" \"I think they're instead of money,\" said Roddy, cutting open a pocket. \"Apparently they're more useful.\" \"Not to us they aren't. I call it inconsiderate.\" \"Hang on, I think I might have something here!\" Roddy peered excitedly into the pocket as Rita joined him. \"Oh...wait. Maybe not.\" The thing he fished out had probably been a twenty-pound note at one point, but the water had not been kind and had turned it into a vaguely slug-shaped multicoloured pulp. Rita slapped him on the back. \"Roddy, I'll make a scavenger out of you yet. Come on, lend a hand here.\" She knelt and began fishing around in the wallet, extracting three discs of metal which she passed to Roddy, who stacked them neatly. \"Two pound coins,\" he said. \"And one twenty pence piece.\" He held up the oddly-shaped coin, which had once been silver but was now a disconcerting shade of green. Rita nodded with satisfaction. Not the best haul she had ever got out of a wallet, but not to be sneezed at either. And once they scraped the slime off, the leather itself was in remarkably good condition. She began cutting it up into sheets to sell, passing each one to Roddy who hung them from a cable rigged from the stern to the cockpit. It ran over the engine's main heat sink and was therefore a good place to dry things. \"Rita,\" he said. \"You can really leave this to me. Shouldn't you be driving the boat or something?\" \"You don't drive a boat, Roddy,\" she said. \"You steer it, sail it or pilot it. Your vocabulary isn't bad but there's a long way to-\" She stopped and realised that he had a point. She'd forgotten to check the thrusters that had been holding them steady. Dropping her hook, she ran to the cockpit just in time to see a glass bottle be carried past by the current. It struck the Jammy Dodger II a glancing blow, but that was enough to knock it off station. Rita slammed open the throttle in an attempt to avoid the inevitable. The boat lurched- behind her, a brief yell and a splash indicated that Roddy had fallen overboard again- and then the engine stopped with a horrendous scraping noise. The propeller had caught on the tangle of wire and stopped. The current pushed the boat around until it was stern-on to the water despite Rita's efforts with the rudder. Desperately, she hit the throttle again and to her surprise the propeller cut its way free of the wire- it had worked! She brought theboat around to where Roddy was hanging onto the wire. \"Permission to come aboard, Captain?\" he said, waving. \"Permission granted,\" said Rita graciously. Roddy clambered back on as she turned the boat and made for home. Even to Roddy's inexpert ears, something was wrong. The propeller was making a scraping noise which suggested blade damage and a lot of it. Rita found herself forcing on left rudder in order to stay straight. It wasn't crippling damage but it was going to make life any easier. Roddy went below decks to check the engine space and poked his head back through the deck with a nervous smile. \"Um, Rita? You know how you were worried about the water on the deck?\" \"Yes?\" \"Um...I don't think the water on the deck is the water we should be concerned about.\" \"I've had worse,\" said Rita as the water swirled about her legs. Most of it was draining out of the scuppers as it should have been, but there was rather more of it than they could handle. The level was rising slowly- they were sinking. Once the water reached the engine, however, it all be academic since without engines, the Jammy Dodger II's pumps would stop. \"Really?\" asked Roddy, surprised. \"Not really, no,\" said Rita, after a moment's thought. \"But it probably looks worse than it is.\" Roddy stared. \"There is water pouring into the boat, the propeller sounds worse than your grandmother's singing voice and the engines are about to drown. How bad should it look?\" \"The water isn't 'pouring' in,\" said Rita. \"Look, it's not rising that fast.\" \"I don't care if it's pouring in, seeping on, soaking in, entering or reverse-egressing,\" said Roddy, a little hotly. \"This is a boat! The water stays on the outside!\" Rita thought for a moment. \"All right, I know a trick that'll get us to port. Come on, I'll need your help with the wallet.\" It wasn't easy, but eventually they manouevred the largest part of the wallet over the side. With Roddy holding it from one side, Rita pulled it across under the hull and attached it to the opposite rail. It wasn't perfect, but the water had stopped rising and once they started bucketing the water out it was clear that they were going to make it safely. \"They used to do it with canvas sails in the old days,\" said Roddy conversationally as he tipped a bucket over the side. \"In the age of sail this was the only way to repair a hull. Those bold mariners knew a thing or two, didn't they?\" \"Weren't Captains allowed to shoot people back then as well?\" said Rita, smiling sweetly. \"Yes, but they also got on very well with their First Mates and didn't make them bucket out the hold.\" Roddy winked and disappeared below decks. His voice was muffled by the deck as he spoke. \"I say, I can see the hole down here! It isn't that bad after all!\" Rita lowered herself down to join him. The hole was clearly visible now, a half-moon where the bottle had punched in the hull. \"We should be able to fix that ourselves,\" she said. \"With the twenty-pence piece?\" suggested Roddy. \"Good idea, First Mate!\" said Rita, cheerfully. \"But you'll need something to seal it with, and I don't know-\" She stopped. Roddy had pulled a bag off the nearby shelf and was holding it triumphantly. \"Instant potato?\" \"Calling this stuff potato is an insult to root vegetables,\" said Roddy. \"Trust me on this.\" Rita laughed and shook her head. It was easy to forget that Roddy had hidden talents. She had always suspected or known that, even when they'd first met if only because no creature could be that gormless and still be alive, but she still found herself surprised by him. Roddy accepted the unspoken compliment with a small bow and went to work with a pair of pliers, bending the tin hull back around and then sealing the coin over the top with a generous amount of potato. It leaked slightly before the water got into the potato mix and changed it to the consistency of wet concrete. That didn't solve the propeller, however, and by the time they reached the outer ports of Ratropolis, it was making a noise like fingernails on a blackboard. Every hair on Rita's body was standing on end and her teeth were on edge as she eased the boat into the dock. Roddy, who had made himself earplugs out of potato, was unconcerned, and sat happily at the bows with a lead and line, calling out depth measurements. It wasn't uncommon for docks to become choked with rubbish and they didn't need any more unpleasant surprises. The dockmaster came out of the shack which served as his office and limped towards them, leaning heavily on a cane made out of a drawing pin with the point filed blunt. \"What can Oi be doing yer for?\" he said, leering. \"We need to leave the boat here for a while,\" said Rita, crossing her arms. \"And dry-docking for hull repairs.\" The dockmaster eyed the Jammy Dodger II . He seemed to be thinking of something. \"Excuse me,\" said Roddy, raising a hand. \"She said that we need-\" \"Oi heard what she said, lad,\" said the dockmaster in a Mummerset accent thick enough to float rocks in. \"Oi was a-thinkin'. It can't be 'urried, you know.\" \"Pardon?\" Roddy remembered to scoop the potato out of his ears. \"Oi says, thinkin' can't be 'hurried! It has to be done slow-like!\" said the master, loudly. \"Of course, you might strain something vital,\" muttered Roddy under his breath. Rita shot him a glance, trying not to laugh. The dockmaster appeared to reach a decision. \"All right, you got it. But it'll cost yer. What's yer names, so's Oi can write 'em down in me book.\" He pulled a tattered notebook out of his jacket and opened it apparently at random. \"Captain Rita Malone,\" said Rita. \" Jammy Dodger II .\" \"Now there's a familiar name.\" The dockmaster scribbled it down and looked at Roddy as if he was some kind of specimen. \"Ah! I knew I knew yer! Millicent, it's yerself, ain't it?\" \"Pardon?\" Roddy hesitated. \"Oi said, is that you, Millicent Bystander?\" said the old master loudly. Roddy paused for a moment, and then realisation dawned. \"Yes, yes...Bystander. Millicent Bystander. That's me.\" He sighed and wondered if he would ever shake off that nickname. Rita clapped a hand over her mouth to stop herself breaking down laughing. \"Well, it's a pleasure to 'ave the two 'eroes of the city in my dock!\" The master closed the notebook. \"Oi'll be 'appy to fix your tub Miss Malone and Mr Bystander. Oi'll put my best rats on the job. Here, you two, front and centre!\" The last sentence was shouted to two figures stacking boxes beside the shed. They looked up and hurried over. Roddy's heart skipped a beat- they were familiar. One short and rangy, one huge and slow. \"S...Spike?\" he said. \"Whitey?\" \"'Ullo, Millicent,\" said Whitey, amiably. Spike was less friendly and said nothing, but since the last time they'd met the hench-rats had tried to kill them, this was a considerable improvement. \"I don't want them working on our boat!\" hissed Rita. \"I wouldn't trust them an inch! They couldn't even catch you!\" Roddy glared at her and then realised that she had a point. He turned to the master. \"Actually, sir, we'd rather we fix it ourselves. It's...complicated. Just put her in drydock and we'll take it from there.\" The master shrugged. \"Suit yourselves, of course. All right, lads, close the gates and start the pumps.\" The former hench-rats moved to close the watertight gates on the Dodger's dock and attached chains to the rails from an overhead crane. These would hold the boat when the water was drained away beneath it. Whitey took his place at the pump and began working the lever up and down. Spike manned the pump as well but found himself alternately jerked into the air and dumped on the ground by his taller companion's powerful strokes. Eventually he gave up, and slunk off darkly. \"It'll take 'em a while,\" said the master. \"You two should come back in a couple of hours.\" They left the dock slowly draining and took the coins and leather into the city market. It was the usual bustle, with rats rushing to and fro on various errands. Boats nosed past each other in the green waters surrounding it. It was every bit like Roddy remembered it when he first found himself there- huge, confusing, noisy, chaotic...and yet excitingly full of possibilities. On the pavement, a chorus of slugs were busking. Children ran through the streets chasing a ball. World Cup decorations still hung from buildings and street signs- England's defeat on penalties was still a sore point for fans. Far away, the great steel of the floodgates formed an impassive wall against the main sewer channel. The nearby control box was darkened, its windows broken. It hadn't been long ago that Roddy and Rita been there as well, but under far less happy circumstances. If he closed his eyes, Roddy could still see it happening- the dreaful rush of water, the slugs screaming, the Toad yelling defiance even as he sent Rita plummeting to certain death and then the flood of liquid nitrogen that had averted disaster at the last second. It had been a close-run thing, but it had worked. The last of the frozen wave had been carved up and taken away but not before most of the citizens had tried their hands at skiing. Finding a replacement propeller hadn't been easy, even with the coins to trade. The leather had been easy to sell- a tailor had snapped it up quickly and for a good price- but the coins were somewhat harder. They eventually sold them in exchange for a new propeller and a piece of canvas that they planned to rig up over the stern as a deck shade. By that time it was getting late, and they hurried back to the boat. The dock was well and truly dry, but Whitery was still pumping away contentedly. He waved as they clambered down to begin the repairs. \"Funny, isn't it?\" said Roddy. \"How things turn out. Who would have thought those two would ever become model citizens?\" \"Hardly 'model'. But it makes sense. People get by down here and I don't think either of them are really bad. Not as such.\" Rita found a spanner that fit and set to work, straining against the seal that had built up around the locknut. \"Stupid, yes, but not bad. Pass me the oil can, would you? I need it to- ah, blast!\" The spanner slipped on the stiff nut and her hand slammed into the side of the propeller recess. Cursing, she brought it into the light and looked at it. \"Rita, are you all right?\" Roddy took her wrist and ran his fingers over the hand. It was bleeding somewhat more enthusiastically than either one was comfortable with so he took up a damp rag and washed it. The cut wasn't bad, but he bandaged it anyway. He looked up and his breath caught. Those striking green eyes were locked on his, and the silvery light shining into the dock made them glow softly. Rita's eyes could express more than the rest of her put together, and despite the weeks together, Roddy still felt like they could see into his soul. It had been a busy time since the World Cup and there had been a great many words left unspoken because at the time it seemed unnecessary. Now he was having doubts. It felt like he was running a race in which he hadn't heard the starter's gun. Had he assumed too much about what she thought of him? What she felt for him? Worse, had she made the same assumptions about him? \"Thank you, Roddy,\" said Rita gently. She flexed her fingers experimentally and gave him a smile which almost stopped his heart. \"Good as new!\" He smiled weakly. She turned her attention back to the propeller. The seal had been broken, and it came off quite easily. Once it was laid on the ground, it was plain where the damage was- and entire blade had been caught in the wire and twisted out of shape. It took both of them to move the new propeller into position on the shaft, and Roddy strained to hold it by himself while Rita threaded the locknut back on. It was a perfect fit. \"Not a bad job if I say so myself,\" said Rita, wiping her hands. \"So can I let go now?\" said Roddy, with some difficulty. \"Oh, you could have let go a while ago,\" Rita grinned. \"Once it's on the drive shaft it's perfectly safe.\" Roddy relaxed and rubbed his arms. \"You couldn't have told me that earlier?\" \"Probably, but you seemed to be enjoying yourself. Besides, I have to keep you where I can see you.\" Rita patted him playfully on the shoulder as she stepped down and went to look at the hull damage.[Chapter 2] The new propeller seemed to have done the trick. The Dodger cut through the water flawlessly, and a slight ripple on one side indicating the new hull plating they had welded over the hole. It was dark, and night in the sewers is something that has to be seen to be believed. \"Or not seen, to be precise,\" said Roddy. He was sitting at the prow again, squinting into the darkness ahead for obstacles. There shouldn't be any- the boat's light gave good illumination and the slugs had come out to ignite the hurricane lamps which indicated the shipping channels. On top of this, Rita was able to smell underwater obstructions before anyone could possibly have seen them but the incident with the bottle had rattled both of them. No chances were to be taken. They turned into a side tunnel almost overgrown with moss and sailed up to the house. It had come a long way since Roddy had first seen it, when it looked only marginally capable of staying upright at all. The piles had been properly sunk and the walls resealed, the jetty had been improved and the whole structure no longer swayed from side to side as its inhabitants moved inside. They tied the boat securely and went to the front door. A light was on in an upstairs window, but there was no noise- strange given the size of Rita's family. After waiting without success for an answer, Roddy tried the door. It was unlocked, and swung open with an ominous creak. Beside him, Rita was nervous. \"I don't like this, Roddy,\" she whispered. \"Something isn't right.\" \"I know,\" he said. \"Your grandmother at least should be here by now. And I can't believe nobody saw us tie up.\" He glanced sideways. Her family was the one thing that Rita was genuinely afraid for in life, and when Rita was afraid she got angry. \"We'd better take a look inside,\" he said. \"Come on.\" He stepped inside. \"Roddy, no! Wait!\" She grabbed for his arm as she saw a shadow move in the darkness of the living room. Suddenly the lights blazed on. \"Surprise!\" The family poured out of hiding. Children swirled about the room, and Roddy and Rita were hit with a whirlwind succession of hugs. Mr and Mrs Malone shooed the younger children away and welcomed the pair. \"Sorry about that, Rita, but Nick thought it'd be a laugh,\" said Mr Malone. He was out of the wheelchair but still had one arm in plaster. \"Good to see you Roddy. You're taking care of my little girl, of course?\" \"Dad!\" hissed Rita, embarrassed. \"Well, I do my best,\" Roddy said. \"I have to say, she doesn't make it easy sometimes.\" Mr Malone laughed. \"She takes after her mother in that respect. Could never get her to listen for very long. Good thing she's got my luck to see her through. And you, of course, son.\" \"Ahah, yes…well…\" Roddy grinned nervously. If he had made some unwarranted assumptions about his relationship with Rita, her family had made plenty of their own. It was fair to say that neither Roddy or Rita was in a hurry for this conversation to go much further, but a polite derailment was impossible. \"Did you get that material out, dear?\" Mr Malone turned to his wife. She nodded and pulled out a bundle of white cloth which had been on a table by the door. Mr Malone nodded to it. \"Silk, it is. Not easy to get that down here, I can tell you. We got married in that.\" Mrs Malone shook it out- the while silk unfolded down the floor. It was a dress, surprisingly well-made too, although Roddy knew at once that it was a handkerchief. \"What, both of you?\" said Roddy. The Malones laughed while Rita made a valiant effort to disappear into the background. \"Bless you, son, no! What a thing to say! No, I think you'd be quite surprised,\" said Mr Malone. \"That's right,\" said Mrs Malone. \"I was quite the looker at Rita's age. She takes after me, doesn't she dear? I'd even go so far as to say that this old dress might be good for her as well? Hmm?\" She raised an expectant eyebrow at her eldest daughter. \"I'd be happy to sell it for you, if that's what you mean,\" said Rita, cutting off the conversation with the politeness of a scalpel. Efforts to restart it were foiled in any case as Grandmother Malone came down the stairs and launched herself at Roddy, who wasn't fast enough to climb out of the window. \"I'll just finish the dinner,\" said Mrs Malone, walking out to the kitchen. Things had changed in the Malone household since Roddy had entered their lives. Dinner was a more stable affair, but the family would probably always stay the same- raucous, caring and as apparently uncontrollable as a cyclone. They ate, and then the younger children were sent off to bed to enable the older members to talk. Rita went with her mother to the kitchen while Roddy cleared the table.[Chapter 3] The drizzle fell slowly but steadily. Roddy and Rita sat in the cockpit sharing a meal and looking out at the darkening sea. The swift-moving frigate was a distant constellation of navigation lights, blinking against the northern horizon. As the sun set behind Britain, it bathed the opposite shore with a last golden glory before falling out of sight. \"Typical isn't it?\" said Rita. \"First holiday in goodness-knows-how-long and it has to rain.\" \"I really think the rain is the least of our concerns,\" said Roddy. \"How do we get ashore in France?\" Rita pushed the maps across to him. \"There's an outfall near the port of Calais. If this map is right, it will take us all the way to the Seine. And then...to Paris!\" she gestured grandly and smiled. \"You don't know how long I've wanted to do this, Roddy. To even be able to think about it was a dream not long ago. And there's nobody I'd rather be here with.\" \"Even Sid?\" Roddy could have hit himself. That hadn't been what he wanted to say, even though the question had been festering ever since he overheard Mrs Malone in the kitchen. Even in the dark, he felt Rita tense. \"Sid? What does he have to do with anything?\" there was a hostile note in her voice that hadn't been there before. \"I heard what your mother said. About it going so well between you two?\" \"Roddy...you have no idea what you're talking about.\" It was a calm voice, but it was the calm before a storm. It said that there was a possibility of avoiding disaster, if you changed course right now, but that it wasn't a guarantee. Roddy, deciding that he was committed now, plunged on. \"And the wedding dress that your mother was so keen to give away? Was that part of the plan with him?\" He failed to keep the bitterness out of his voice. Of course, Rita must have had a life before he met her...but Sid? Sid, with his abrasive habits, his attitude? It was just so... Sid . \"Shouldn't you have learned not to act on what you overhear in my house?\" snapped Rita. \"Didn't the last time teach you anything?\" \"You don't have a duck to maroon me on this time!\" said Roddy. \"You think I need one to throw you overboard? If it comes to it, this time you don't have a guitar or a chorus to sing your back into my good books! For heaven's sake, Roddy, what have you been thinking? That dress was silk ! Do you know how much it's worth? We were poor, we needed the money and Sid knew someone who could give us a good price!\" She glared at him. He hesitated. \"Ah. I...must have missed that part...\" he said lamely. \"That must have been what she meant by getting rid of it. It just sounded like there was...more than a business deal going.\" \"So what if there was? Why would that matter to you?\" She raised herself in her seat. He didn't have an answer to that. \"I haven't seen Sid since you tried to pass him off as your stupid brother!\" said Rita. Anger made it sound like an attack, and Roddy took it as a low blow. That had been close to being the worst moment of his life, the compounded feelings of regret, embarrassment and fear. \"Because it just does! Rita, it just did! I was stupid, I know that, but...\" he trailed off. \"But what?\" her tone softened as she felt his hopelessness. \"Roddy?\" It mattered to me because I love you . That was what he wanted to say, but the words stuck in his throat. Could he say them now after putting his foot in it so badly? \"Nothing happened between me and Sid,\" said Rita. \"You know my parents- I turn up within a country mile of a bloke and they think something's going on. Sid was going to help us sell the silk because we needed the money. That's it. He knows people.\" \"Why didn't you?\" asked Roddy. Rita shrugged. \"Oh, a few reasons...Mum never wanted to sell it, of course. I found one or two things that got us some time...and then this strange toff dropped into my life and changed everything and we didn't have to worry any longer.\" She gave him a small smile. \"Forget Sid, forget what my silly mother said. What matters is that you and I are going to France.\" Roddy dared to look at her, and smiled nervously. \"I'm so sorry. I'm...an idiot. I overreacted.\" \"If I didn't know better,\" said Rita, jokingly, \"I'd say you were jealous.\" Roddy decided that there wasn't any point in denying that charge. \"Yes,\" he said simply. Rita searched his face, but Roddy was inscrutable at the best of times and the night wasn't making it any easier. Why on Earth would he have been jealous? Why indeed, unless... \"Tell me about your ancestor,\" she said, trying to avoid thinking about it. \"The one who fought at Jutland and Versailles.\" Roddy leaned back in his chair. \"Commander August St. James, RNVR was his name.\" \"Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve?\" \"Royal Navy Vermin Recruit,\" corrected Roddy. \"Although I don't like the word 'vermin'. It's undignified. Anyway, he was aboard the battleship Iron Duke , which was Admiral Jellicoe's flagship. Imagine it, Rita...the fate of the world hung in the balance for one afternoon. Our Grand Fleet against the High Seas Fleet...the most powerful ships ever built clashing in a blaze of fire...like rival gods trading thunderbolts. There was a lot of argument as to who won, of course, although for record, we did. Anyway, after the battle, Jellicoe became First Sea Lord and went to London. August went with him. He was there at Versailles when they signed the Armistice. He never came back, come to think of it...never left France.\" He frowned. \"Not sure why. I guess he's still there, but he must be long dead by now.\" \"So he was the only one of your seafaring ancestors who didn't have their ship blown up beneath them?\" said Rita. \"That's all right. I was beginning to wonder whether having a member of your family aboard was such a good idea since you seem to be so good at attracting torpedoes.\" Roddy laughed. \"We're just lucky, I guess.\" Rita yawned. \"Well, maybe we'll find this August. You never know. Your family seems to live longer on land.\" \"Maybe I should get off this tub, then,\" joked Roddy. She shook her head. \"No, like I said. I need you where I can keep an eye on you. Do you want first watch or shall I take it?\" \"I'll take it,\" said Roddy. \"You'll need your sleep. It might be hard finding the Calais drain tomorrow. Besides, you look beat. Are you sure you're not coming down with something?\" \"I'm fine. Just a little tired.\" Rita stood up and stretched. \"Good night, Roddy.\" \"Good night, Rita.\" She left the cockpit to prepare her bed under the canvas shade. Roddy watched her go. \"And Rita?\" She paused and turned. \"Hmm?\" \"I truly am sorry, Rita. Honestly. I...don't know why I said those things.\" \"It's all right, Roddy. Don't worry about it.\" She smiled and went to bed. Roddy turned back to the maps. That hadn't been entirely accurate, of course- he was painfully aware of why he'd said it. He sighed and looked ahead to the flickering lights of France. Rita woke up. She was good at waking when she wanted to, regardless of whether there was a clock nearby. It was still dark, but it was her turn on watch. She roused herself and splashed some water on her face, enjoying the novelty of the salty taste, and went to the cockpit. Roddy was still there, curled up in his seat and fast asleep. She didn't have the heart to wake him so she collected her blanket and draped it over him gently before taking her place in the pilot's seat. What had all that been about? It wasn't like Roddy to be that irrational. Silly, yes, but irrational? Never. Well...hardly ever. Certainly not like that. For a moment his emotions had clearly got the better of his natural reserve, but they had disappeared again before she could be sure what was motivating them. Jealously? Surely not, not unless he felt something for her that he hadn't mentioned. Rita glanced over at Roddy's motionless form and sighed quietly. If only that were true! But how did you even broach the topic with someone like Roddy? That natural reserve could become a steel barrier in a heartbeat if he felt forced onto the defensive. Ah, well. That was a problem for the future. Rita pulled the sheaf of maps over and began studying them intently. It was an immense ship. It wasn't quite as long as the frigate, but the warship had been built like a greyhound- sleek, smooth and streamlined. This one, resplendent in the red, white and blue of the cross-Channel ferry lines, was built like a barn. Crossing its wake had been the hardest part, the waves generated by the ship's passing had been taller than the Jammy Dodger II 's funnel and there had been one or two hairy moments when things broke loose on the deck and threatened to crash overboard. Rita stood poised at the controls. \"The outfall is on the end of the breakwater,\" said Roddy. He pointed to it- a long, low concrete pier curling out from the shore to shelter the port within. \"It'll be a hard starboard turn, but we can do it,\" said Rita. She watched the speed carefully. Yes, they could do it, provided that there wasn't something coming the other way. The ferry began passing through the breakwater mouth slowly. Rita edged the Jammy Dodger towards the right, waiting for the moment. She could see it now- a dark hole at the bottom of the sheer concrete wall. Then she grimaced- it was low, perhaps too low. The hole was already half-submerged, and the tide was coming in behind them. Not to mention the ferry's wake. Perhaps this would be closer than she thought. \"Oh dear,\" said Roddy, who had noticed it too. \"Do you think we should try this? I mean, we could just pull up and wait for low tide...\" Rita shook her head. \"No, this should work. Piece of cake. Do me a favour and check that the lifejackets are still there?\" Roddy stared, but did so. The lifejackets were hastily improvised, just foam peanuts held together with string. They were packed roughly into a trunk against the port rail. \"They're here all right. But are you sure we won't need them.\" \"No,\" said Rita. \"Now keep quiet. This is going to be tricky...\" she concentrated, tongue poking slightly out of her mouth as she gauged time, speed and distance. Timing would be everything. Roddy shivered and dug his fingers into one of the foam peanuts nervously. It would be profoundly unfair to die now, after everything they'd been through just getting here. The Channel Outfall now looked comparatively easy. \"Hold on, Roddy!\" shouted Rita, gunning the engines. Roddy did, but onto the peanut which crumbled beneath his frantic grip. The sudden acceleration pitched him into the lifejacket trunk but at least it was a soft landing. Rita gritted her teeth as the boat surged forward. The outlet beckoned, the water level rising, rising...and then falling. They shot through the mouth with inches to spare. She flicked on the lights and blinked ferociously to get her night vision back. They were in a sheer-sided concrete tunnel, fighting against the flow of stormwater heading towards the sea. Behind them the ferry's wake surged up the tunnel, tipping the stern higher than the bows, which dug into the fast-flowing water. The funnel scraped along the tunnel roof, scattering sparks and concrete chips across the deck. For a moment there was a struggle between the conflicting surges of water over possession of the boat, and then the tunnel opened up. The wave dispersed harmlessly and the current lessened. She cut back the throttle, heaved a sigh of relief and drew her bandaged hand across her forehead. \"We've done it Roddy! We're safe! Roddy?\" She turned around. There was a banging sound coming from the lifejacket trunk. She opened it and nearly got a foot in the face from Roddy, who had been trying to kick the lid open. \"Whoops! Sorry about that!\" he grinned sheepishly. \"Are we dead yet?\" \"No. We're fine. Welcome to France.\" She offered an arm to help him out of the trunk. \"Now come on, First Mate. I need a navigator.\" Roddy took his place next to her in the cockpit and looked at the maps. It seemed fairly straightforward- the breakwater sewer curled back into Calais township, from where it was a simple exercise in drain-hopping to reach the main trunk tunnel to the Seine. He looked up at the concrete walls that rose alongside them. They tapered in towards the bottom, an old engineering trick which made the water flow faster and thus made the tunnel self-cleaning. The same principle was used in the London sewers he had come to call home, but the brutal utilitarian concrete made him feel uneasy. They passed a side-tunnel, a sure sign that they had reached the land. A sign pointed down it, reading Dunquerque and giving a distance in kilometres. Ahead of them, a checkpoint had been set up, a sign reading QUARANTINE hung by one corner. There was someone there- a French rat in gendarme uniform, but he was fast asleep at a desk and didn't even bat an eyelid as the Jammy Dodger II motored past. A little way beyond them, two rats were standing behind enormous backpacks, attempting to thumb a lift. Rita let the boat drift in towards them. \"Where are you heading?\" she called. \"Calais, mate,\" said one of the hitchhikers in an Australian accent, pronouncing every letter in the name. \"Can we bludge a ride off you?\" \"Come aboard,\" said Roddy. \"We'll drop you off in the town.\" They clambered on. \"You two are Poms then?\" \"Poms? Oh...yes. English.\" Roddy nodded. \"And you're Australian?\" \"From Wooloomoloo, mate. I'm Bruce, and this is Bruce.\" He indicated his companion, who gave Roddy a companionable nod. \"Roddy St. James,\" said Roddy, narrowly avoiding adding 'of Kensington'. \"And our pilot today is Rita.\" \"Pleased to meet you,\" said Rita waving. \"So you're both called Bruce? Doesn't that get a little confusing?\" \"Confusing? Nah, mate, that makes it easier to remember. Doesn't it, Bruce?\" said Bruce. \"You're not wrong, Bruce,\" said the other Bruce. Roddy glanced from one to the other and realised that they looked more or less alike as well as sounding identical. He gave up. \"You're here on holiday, then?\" he said. \"That's right, Rod,\" said one of the Bruces. \"Took us about a month to get here. Working here and there to pay for the next leg of the trip. There used to be three of us, but our other mate had to stay behind in Tel Aviv 'cause he was broke.\" \"What was his name?\" asked Roddy, before he could stop himself. \"Bruce, mate, what do you reckon?\" said the second Bruce, as if stating a well-known fact like 'the sky is blue'. What about you two?\" The first Bruce leaned closer to Roddy and stage-whispered. \"You here on your honeymoon, mate? I can't say I blame you!\" \"Ahaha,\" Roddy laughed nervously, hoping that Rita hadn't heard that. \"Not exactly. I mean, not even remotely,\" he hastily added as he saw Rita's ears prick up. \"I mean, no.\" \"Pity.\" Bruce scratched his head. \"We wouldn't want to intrude or nothing.\" \"Not out to crash anyone's party,\" confirmed Bruce Number Two, nodding sagely. \"That's right, Bruce,\" said Bruce Number One. \"Anyway, we're much obliged to you for the lift.\" \"Don't worry about it,\" Rita came down from the controls to join them. \"It's not out of our way. Is there anything you guys need?\" The lead Bruce scratched his chin thoughtfully. \"Well...a place to dry off some of our gear'd be tops. You know how it is. Can't keep anything dry.\" \"No problem,\" said Rita. \"Roddy, take them below. They can pin their things out on the engine vents.\" The Bruces turned out to have a sense of hygiene roughly equivalent to Sid's, but they had the decency to apologise for it even as the engine space was rendered uninhabitable by the fumes evaporating from their socks and clothing. \"Sorry mate,\" said Bruce the First. \"Long time on the road. Long time between washes.\" He looked over to where his companion was hooking up a string of socks above the engine's condenser. \"Not a problem,\" said Roddy, who was trying to avoid breathing through his nose, or possibly at all. \"You two are good sorts,\" went on Bruce. \"Giving us a lift and all this. You're a real gent, Bruce.\" \"Uh, you mean Roddy,\" said Roddy. \"'Course I do, Bruce,\" said Bruce. \"I mean Roddy. Sorry. Force of habit. That your suit?\" Roddy turned and saw his dinner suit hanging in the corner. It had been repaired since the battering it took on the way to the sewer, but it was never going to be in mint condition again. \"Oh, yes.\" \"Looks like you might have something special in mind with your friend upstairs.\" Bruce winked disconcertingly. \"Don't worry, mate. We'll not tell.\" \"Tell her what?\" said Roddy. \"She knows I have the suit on board.\" \"Sure,\" said the other Bruce. \"But did you know about this?\" He opened a box and held up a tightly-wrapped bundle of white silk. Roddy stared at it dumbly. \"I think we can take that face as a 'no', Bruce,\" said Bruce. \"Now put that back. It isn't yours and you might damage it. It's bad enough we're intruding on these two and turning their boat into a chemical weapons lab, I can't have you ruining their special day.\" \"There's really no 'special day',\" said Roddy, grinning desperately. \"'Course not, mate. No worries.\" Bruce clapped him on the shoulder. \"Now let's get up top again. It's getting a bit festive down here.\" The two Bruces sat in the stern, enjoying not having to carry their heavy packs. Roddy sat with them. \"You got to come up with a way we can pay you back,\" said Bruce. \"Fair's fair.\" \"No, no, it's no problem. Like we said, we're going your way,\" said Roddy, holding up his hands. Bruce shook his head. \"Don't come the raw prawn, mate. This is how it goes. Quid pro quo . That means you do things for people who do things for you and we always clear our debts. Hitchhiker's code.\" Roddy blinked, somewhat surprised that the Australian knew what 'quid pro quo' meant. Before he could reply, Rita called his name from the cockpit. Excusing himself to the Bruces, Roddy joined her. \"We've got a problem with the engine,\" she said. \"You're not kidding,\" said Roddy. \"Have you been down there since they hung out their things? It's like Dresden.\" Rita stared at him until she figured out what he was talking about. \"No, no...it's the fuel. Crossing the channel, fighting the currents...it's cost us more than I thought.\" She tapped the gauge, where the needle had already dropped into the red zone. \"We could just use their socks. They have to be combustible.\" Rita flicked him an irritated look. \"Could you take this seriously for a moment? We've got less than a day left. If we don't tank up by then, we'll be in real strife. Can you find anywhere to get some?\" Roddy looked at the map. \"If you take the next left, that'll bring us under the Calais 2 Fuel Reserve,\" he said. \"It must be for the ferries. Can the Dodger run on that?\" \"The Dodger can run on anything,\" said Rita, confidently. \"Next left, was it? Good.\" She turned the wheel before Roddy could ask her what the wedding dress was doing on board and called out to the Australians. \"Sorry about this, chaps, but we've got a technical hitch. We're going to need to stop off to refuel.\" The Bruces stood up. \"We can help you there. We know how to siphon, right Bruce?\" \"No worries, Bruce. Get the tube out.\" Bruce took a length of rubber hose out of his pack and waved it, grinning. \"Looks like we might be able to pay you back after all!\" The tunnels changed. The concrete gave way to steel, smooth and cold. The water was dirty, and every inch of it swirled with a rainbow of colours. Had Roddy's sense of smell recovered from the Bruces' wet clothing, he would have been able to smell the oil in the air. Rita could, and she wrinkled her nose in distaste. A film of the stuff clung to everything, oozing down the walls. The Bruces stood on either side of the boat, looking for a way in. Far above their heads was well over ten thousand tons of fuel-oil in underground tanks. But how could they get at it without risking everything? \"Over here!\" shouted Bruce Two. Roddy hurried over. A pipe broke the surface on that side of the boat. It was lined with valves. Rita cut the engines and lashed the boat to the pipe. \"All right, let's get to it.\" The Bruce prepared to leap onto the pipe, but Roddy held him back. Rita brought the boat's mechanical arm over and each of them tied themselves to it. The slippery oil was sure to be treacherous, and the consequences of falling into this polluted water didn't bear thinking of. The arm rose slowly, and Roddy and the two Bruces were placed on the pipe. \"Steady, mate,\" said Bruce One to himself. He stood up to test his grip. Roddy straightened hesitantly as well. Bruce Two was less fortunate and his feet flew from under him. The jerk on the arm threw Roddy off balance as well and he was saved only by his harness. Bruce One wasn't so lucky and his feet decided to take high-speed trips to opposite sides of the pipe. Roddy winced sympathetically. \"Are you all right?\" Bruce blinked once or twice and said that he was, no worries, but might have to stay still for a moment or two, They scrambled back onto the pipe. Number One Bruce found a likely-looking valve and began straining at it. Roddy went to help him and between them they forced it open. They peered into the pipe and felt their eyes watering from the fumes boiling off the fuel within. \"Yeah, this'll do nicely.\" Bruce inserted one end of the tube and gave the other end to Bruce Two to take back to the Dodger where Rita had opened the tank. He winked at Rita before sucking hard on the tube and plunging it in. For a moment, nothing happened...and then Roddy saw the fuel making its way slowly through the tube. It was actually working. Bruce wiped his hands on his shorts with satisfaction. \"Works every time, mate. You gotta be sure to stop sucking before you get a mouthful, of course.\" \"Yes, I see. It's quite brilliant.\" Roddy watched with genuine appreciation. \"It's a bit slow, isn't it?\" called Rita from the boat. \"It's the best we can do,\" said Roddy. \"Besides what do we have to do that's so important?\" He looked back to the valve in time to see Bruce grinning conspiratorially. \"My lips,\" he said, tapping his nose cheerfully. \"Are sealed.\" Roddy shook his head, laughing to himself. \"No worries,\" he said. \"Mate.\" Writer's Note: The names for the Bruces is, of course, a take from the Monty Python sketch set in the Faculty of Philosophy at the University of Wooloomoloo.[Chapter 4] \"They were a funny pair,\" said Rita. The tanks were now brimming with high-grade fuel oil and the engines purred appreciatively. They had dropped the Bruces in the middle of Calais just as promised before heading out and joining the main trunk tunnel from Le Havre. It was already late afternoon. \"Memorable, certainly,\" said Roddy. \"They reminded me of something, actually.\" \"Oh, yes?\" \"Precisely why it is that we started their country on the other side of the planet.\" Rita flicked him. \"No call for that! They did save us, you know. We probably couldn't have got the tanks refilled without them.\" Roddy grinned and held up his hands to show that he was joking. Rita sighed with mock frustration. \"I really should throw you overboard. Just keep an eye out for any U-boats will you?\" \"Yes, Captain!\" Roddy saluted. Ahead of them, the brickwork of the tunnel seemed to go on forever. The flow was fast and smooth and progress was good. Roddy was optimistic that they might reach the lower Seine by nightfall, but the detour to refuel had taken them off the plotted course and it had taken some inspired guesswork to find the Le Havre tunnel at all. Rita left him and disappeared down below deck to prepare a meal. She was gone only a few moments before she stuck her head back out again, a look of suspicion on her features. \"Roddy? Have you been down here since Bruce and Bruce left?\" \"No, I haven't been down there since they hung their things out. I wanted to wait for the UN inspectors to report back. Why do you ask?\" He turned to look at her. She made no reply, but held up a coathanger. On it was Roddy's dinner suit, but someone had tied the white dress to it as well and hung a note on it saying \"GOOD LUCK MATES\". Roddy swallowed hard. \"Well, I guess we're lucky they didn't tie tin cans to the back of the boat with a 'Just Married' sign,\" he said eventually. \"Did you put them up to this?\" demanded Rita. \"Me? Why would I ask Bruce to do that? Either Bruce?\" \"Not them, Roddy! My parents! Did you know they'd put that dress on board?\" \"No. I didn't know it was here until one of the Bruces showed it to me.\" \"And you didn't think to ask me about it?\" \"Well, I would have! But then there was that fuel business and I didn't think to ask you in case I shouldn't.\" He waved his hands. Rita's face was a picture of irritation, but it wasn't directed at him. \"I'm going to kill them, Roddy. We're going to get back from this and then I'm going to kill them. I can't believe this! The only thing they didn't do was give us a ring to go with it!\" She threw the clothes onto her bed. As she did so, something small and golden slipped out of the inner pocket of Roddy's jacket. It made a sharp little ping as it hit the deck, bounced once and rolled. Both of them watched it proceed slowly along until it tipped over. For a while there was silence. Then Roddy caught Rita's eye, and they both broke down laughing. \"They're persistent, you have to admire them!\" said Roddy. \"They're unbelievable! I wonder what else they put aboard without telling us.\" Rita shook her head, still chucking, and went below. Roddy smiled. The note was definitely down to one of the Bruces. But the ring? That could only have been the Malones. He looked up and the smile broadened. There was a light at the end of the tunnel. Somewhere just outside Paris, where the city meets the country, there was a corner of the Seine where long grasses grow in the water. A passer-by would have been surprised to hear voices coming from the grass, but probably not as surprised as they would have been at the boat moored there. Rita was lying on her bed, reading by the light of a candle stuck in the middle of the deck. She had a tattered phrase book open, and was reading it aloud to Roddy, who was cleaning the dishes in a cup filled with the Seine's fresh water. \" Bonjour madame et monsieur! Je'mapelle Rita. Parlez tu English ?\" \"It's pronounced 'anglais', actually,\" said Roddy helpfully. \"And it's not tu unless you know the person. If it's a stranger you say vous .\" \" Pardonnez moi, mon fromage? Pourquoi ?\" Roddy laughed. \"Okay, well you say vous because it's the formal address. And you just called me your cheese, so I think we'll leave the linguistics to me for now.\" \"Ah, j'accuse c'est la vie mon amis! Tre bien passant sans escargot .\" Rita sat up and pointed a triumphant finger at him. \"And that made no earthly sense whatsoever, with or without snails. Can we just conclude that you don't speak a word of French, please?\" He put the dishes aside to dry and went to lie down on his own bed, on the opposite side of the deck. Rita looked at the book for a moment and then closed it with a snap. \"Fair point,\" she said. \"I knew you'd see things my way.\" Roddy stretched out gratefully, resting the back of his head on his hands. \"You know, I think it's been worth coming here.\" Rita nodded. \"Worth it? I'll say. Just look at that. Aren't they amazing?\" She pointed to the sky. Roddy looked up. Despite the nearby light of the candle, the first stars were speckling the sky, shining silver against the velvet black. He reminded himself that Rita had been born and lived underground most of her life. \"You ain't seen nothing yet,\" he said softly, and blew out the candle. With its light gone, the sky seemed to light up. From horizon to horizon, perfectly cloudless unlike the night on the Channel. A great band of silver dust stretched overhead, and every star in the galaxy seemed to shine down on them. Roddy heard Rita catch her breath. \"It's...so beautiful...\" she whispered. \"I never knew...never guessed it could look like that. I've only ever seen stars through sewer grates really, and then always in London where the lights are always on. This is...incredible.\" She trailed off. Roddy looked across the dark deck, his heart racing with pride. \"I'm glad they haven't disappointed,\" he said. \"Disappointed? Roddy, how could they? They're the most beautiful things I've ever seen! Shining like jewels...they make my old ruby seem worthless.\" Her voice was warm with joy. \"It was worthless, remember?\" Roddy pointed out. \"Well, yes,\" said Rita. \"But at the time it was the most precious thing to me.\" \"I know, you almost killed me for showing that it was a fake,\" said Roddy fondly. Rita laughed. \"Yes...yes I did. But a lot of things have changed since then.\" Roddy said nothing. They certainly had. \"I'm so sorry about last night,\" he said. \"The business with Sid. I had no right to ask. I just...\" \"Got jealous? So you said.\" Rita smiled in the darkness. \"And I've already told you not to worry about it.\" \"You forgive me?\" said Roddy hopefully. Rita laughed. \"Yes! Yes, I forgive you.\" \"I just like to be clear about things,\" said Roddy. Rita cocked an eyebrow. \"Really?\" \"I try,\" he said. \"But sometimes I say things I don't feel. Or feel things I don't say...\" \"I think the stars look better from this side of the boat.\" Rita cut him off. She barely spoke above a whisper, but the words silenced Roddy in an instant. He stared at the sky for a moment, trying to work out where this was going. \"Do...do they?\" he stammered. \"I think so. You'd better come and see.\" Rita moved over. Roddy, trying not to panic, gathered his blanket and moved next to her. She shifted again, resting her head on his shoulder, and gave what might have been a sigh of contentment. He looked up at the celestial display again. \"I think you could be right,\" Roddy murmured. He put an arm around her. \"I think you could be right...\" The sun crept over the horizon and shone down on the Jammy Dodger II and its crew. Roddy blinked myopically and coughed once or twice. Rita lay with her back to him, her red ponytail straying across his face. He blinked again and put a hand on her shoulder. \"Rita? It's time to wake up.\" He stopped and realised something- she was shivering. It hadn't been a warm night, but it hadn't been cold either. Besides, physical weakness wasn't something Rita normally showed. \"Are you feeling all right?\" She sat up and rubbed her eyes. \"Good morning, Roddy. Yes, I'm...I'll be fine.\" \"I'm not asking if you will be fine, I'm asking if you are now.\" She was definitely shivering, although she was bringing it under control. \"Yes, I'm fine. Just a little cold.\" Roddy stood up and put a hand to her forehead. \"Cold? You're practically combusting!\" She pushed his hand away distractedly. \"I'm fine, Roddy. Come on. We've got a long way to go today.\" Rita gave him a smile which entirely failed to convince him of anything. \"Rita-\" \"Look, I must have eaten something bad. I'll be fine in a day or two.\" She made her way to the bows and began hauling in the mooring lines. Roddy joined her. \"Where's the bandage?\" he asked. \"What?\" \"On your hand. The bandage. Where is it?\" Rita looked at her injured hand. \"Oh...I guess it must have come off yesterday. It's much better now anyway.\" She opened and closed her fist to prove it. Roddy wasn't fooled. The edges of the wound were almost, but not completely, sealed. But they were red and inflamed- a surefire sign of infection. \"Shouldn't you wash it or something? Get a new bandage on it and get some rest. I should be able to avoid running into anything.\" He coiled the ropes and stowed them away. Rita shook her head and moved behind the controls. \"Thank you, Roddy, but I'll survive. I've had worse.\" She fired up the engines and steered carefully out of the grass and back onto the open river. The Seine is a slow-flowing waterway, and the Jammy Dodger II made good headway towards the city. Paris filled the horizon, white buildings shining gold in the morning light. As they approached the city, traffic began increasing and they were forced more than once to avoid a collision. Roddy, muttering darkly about French drivers, consulted their map of Paris. \"We've got to get off the river,\" said Rita. \"We'll be spotted for sure. Or sunk by some crazy lunatic!'\" she added, shouting the epithet at a passing boat crewed by a trio of mice. She steadied herself on the wheel and shook her head as if trying to clear it. Roddy thumped the map in frustration. \"This city has the structure of a bowl of spaghetti! And this map barely shows the underground structures. We'd be navigating blind.\" \"Works for me,\" said Rita. \"Just get us off the main drag before you get us torpedoed.\" \"Can you stop making jokes about my illustrious ancestry?\" Roddy grinned. \"Oh, I'm afraid I can't, mon amis . And you see, my French has come a long way as well!\" She spotted a drain mouth and steered for it. The change was dramatic. Paris is a bright city, and leaving the morning sun and white buildings for the gloom of its sewers left Rita and Roddy blind for a few seconds. After their eyes adjusted, they found themselves in a wide, low-roofed boulevard. Rat houseboats were tied up alongside. Someone, somewhere, was frying garlic and playing an accordion, possibly simultaneously. It seemed to go on more or less forever, lit by shafts of light coming through grates in the street above. \"Wow,\" said Rita, taking it all in. \"I didn't know there was anything like this here.\" They turned a corner and the number of people increased significantly. Rats hurried to and fro on errands, many of them wearing blue-and-white striped shirts in Gallic fashion. \"Welcome to Paris,\" murmured Roddy, equally impressed. Rita took his hand. He looked down, surprised, and then up again. Her green eyes met his, but he knew something was awry. The touch of her hand was cold and clammy, and those eyes had lost much of their usual fire. He forced a smile. Underground, Paris made no more sense than up top. They got lost twice and only realised it when Roddy recognised one of the houseboats the second time they passed it. Eventually they were forced to stop and ask for directions. Rita's French might have improved, but it had improved from non-existent to merely terrible, and so she stood back, resting against the rail while Roddy did the talking. He waved goodbye to the Parisian who they had been talking to and turned back. \"Well, that didn't really help. But apparently if we follow this map, we'll get to the centre of the city.\" He looked down critically. The 'map' had been hastily sketched on a napkin. \"Or we might end up in Lille. It's hard to tell.\" Rita pushed herself up. \"Well, we'd better get going. Come on.\" Following what passed for the map, they made their way through the tunnels. Roddy looked up at a sign reading 'Arc d'Triumphe'. Now they were really in Paris! He looked ahead, and panicked. The tunnel opened out into a huge brickwork cavern. At least twelve other tunnels converged on it, and the circle was a madhouse, swarming with drain-boats. Collision after collision was narrowly avoided as boats entering the circle simply pulled straight in. \"How do you run a city like this?\" Roddy demanded. Rita made no reply, and opened up the throttle. The Dodger burst into the circle and slewed around, throwing a sheet of water behind it. The water descended and drenched a dozen Parisian boats, which didn't seem to affect their driving but earned them a volley of choice French phrases which had not been in Rita's book. Roddy hung on for dear life, peering through his fingers as they tore through the mass of water vehicles. \"Look out!\" A small boat pulled out ahead of them. Rita yelled and hit the hydrofoil controls. The skis unfolded from the hull, lifting the Jammy Dodger II into the air, clear of the small boat but still close enough to knock off the driver's beret. The skis retracted and they slammed down, throwing Roddy off his feet. \"Try to go left! Try to go left!\" he shouted. Rita hauled the wheel around and they cut across the traffic into a wide street. Suddenly everything was quiet. Wide pedestrian footpaths lined the street, which appeared to consist entirely of shops. Garden beds marked the demarcation between waterway and walkway. The only other boats here were sleek machines, expensive and stylish, and they cruised up and down in an unhurried fashion. \"I think...I think this is the Champs Elysees,\" said Roddy, gathering himself. Rita stared at the well-dressed rats that surrounded them. \"I feel a bit intimidated,\" she said. \"These people are posh. They're more posh than I thought even you were.\" \"I never thought I be glad to be outclassed,\" he replied. The Dodger was getting some strange looks. Roddy looked around. There was nowhere to pull in. \"I think we need to keep going,\" he said. \"There's bound to be a side tunnel somewhere.\" They found one, and pulled in next to the foundations of a building which was clearly something impressive. A plaque on the side read Hotel d'Invalides. \"Hotel? Can we afford to stay here?\" Rita looked at it and swayed slightly. Roddy took her arm to steady her and tried to keep the worry out of his voice. \"Actually it means something closer to 'hospital',\" he said. \"It was built for injured soldiers. Napoleon is buried here.\" \"Well, he's in for a shock!\" Rita giggled. \"Because the St. James clan has returned to finish the job! Trafalgar, here we come!\" She mimed putting a telescope to her eye. Roddy stared. \"That's in Spain. Rita, are you sure you're all right? You're acting weird. I mean, weirder than usual.\" She looked at him, clearly battling to keep her eyes focused. \"You might have been right...I don't feel...it's just the excitement. That traffic, and being here at all...\" She touched her head, overbalanced and nearly fell backwards into the water. Roddy lunged and caught her. Something was definitely seriously wrong. Rita had never lost her balance before, not that badly. She looked up confused as he put his arms around her shoulders. \"I think...I need to sit down...\" He helped her down, fear written all over his face. He should have checked her injury! He should have insisted she take care of it! How could he have been so unobservant? \"Stay here,\" he said. \"I'm going to get help.\" He looked around and fixed on the door next to the plaque, which bore a red cross drawn in crayon. Well, the blasted place could live up to its name at last! \"As...if...I'm...going...anywhere...\" Rita gave him a defiant smile, and closed her eyes. \"I cannot lie to you, Monsieur St. James,\" said the nurse. She was an elegant rat, taller than Roddy- from what he had seen, they were either much taller or much shorter, as if there were only two kinds available. Roddy's French wasn't up to medical discussion, but her English was impeccable and faintly accented. \"Is it serious?\" he said, dreading the answer. They were standing by Rita's bedside. The Hotel d'Invalides was indeed doing its job. The doctor, an elderly rat named Jean-Jaques, took off his glasses. \"It is not life-threatening,\" he said. \"Well, not probably. But she is- how would you say it?- very much under the wind. Under the rain. Weather, under the weather, oui.\" \"So she'll be fine?\" said Roddy, almost daring to hope. Jean-Jaques waggled a hand and gave one of those French shrugs, which involve the entire upper body and most of the face while the head stays bizarrely stationary. \"For a given value of 'fine'. If she is to recover fully, she will need medicine. It is infection, what you would call blood poisoning or septicaemia. A relatively mild case but one which if left untreated could turn nasty.\" \"There's a cure though, isn't there?\" Roddy glanced at Rita's immobile form on the bed. Jean-Jaques exchanged looks with the nurse. \"Yes, yes...but not one which you would find...tasty? No, excuse me, I mean palatable.\" Roddy stared. \"What is it?\" The doctor fidgeted. \"I do not like to bear bad news but I fear I must. If all else fails...the ultimate cure is amputation. Of the wounded part.\" The word seared itself across Roddy's mind. His resolve stiffened. \"What can I do?\" he said. \"You are not a doctor,\" said the nurse. \"You said she needed medicine! What can I do?\" He stepped towards them. The doctor raised a placating hand. \"Nothing yet, Mr St. James, but perhaps we shall call on you soon. In the meantime, there is little for you to do. Come, let me take you on a tour. Did you not notice the name of this hospital?\" Roddy hadn't. He'd had other things on his mind. \"It is the St. James Hospital, Mr St. James. Quite the coincidence, yes? I thought I had seen you somewhere before but now I am sure I know where. Come.\" He beckoned. Roddy took a last look at Rita, and followed. The corridor outside was smooth-walled and well-tended. Indoor plants- plastic leaves- had been installed in upturned thimbles and placed either side of the doors. Blue-gowned nurses and white-coated doctors moved quietly but efficiently. \"Although the building above us was built centuries ago,\" said Jean-Jaques, \"We are a comparatively new group. We were founded in 1918- the year of the Armistice, yes?- by two benefactors who we honour even today.\" He opened a door into the main hall. \"Look at the picture at the far end, Mr St. James. Recognise anyone? Looks a bit like you, oui?\" Roddy peered at the picture- a black-and-white photo mounted in a frame made of gold pipecleaners. \"I don't believe it...\" he said. The doctor beamed. \"I know. The likeness, it is uncanny.\" There were two figures in the photo. One of them was a frog, squat but of noble bearing and wearing a heavily-decorated French Navy uniform. The frog's features were strangely familiar, but it was the other figure that caught Roddy's attention. The other figure was Roddy St. James. Or rather, an older version of him. The figure was essentially the same, the face almost identical aside from the age difference. Even the hair was similar although Roddy's was brown and the figure's was white. The rat was wearing a Royal Navy dress uniform complete with sabre. Along with the frog, he was holding a small open box in which lay another medal- that of the Legion of Honour. \"The highest award the Republic can offer,\" said the doctor, pointing it out. \"To think you had such illustrious forebears, eh? And to think how honoured I am. To be in this hospital with the descendant of August St. James himself!\" Roddy was amazed. So that's what happened to his ancestor! That really was quite a legacy, much better than being repeatedly sunk. Glass cabinets set either side of the photo held the uniforms of the two, complete with medals and braid. But he had come here for a reason, and gratified as he was by this history lesson, that reason remained in bed not far away. \"I'm pleased to be here, doctor, but I really must ask. Can I do anything to help?\" Jean-Jaques sat heavily. \"The medicine we need, we do not have. I am sorry, but it is up to you to get it. We cannot leave the building.\" Roddy nodded. \"Okay, so I have to get the medicine. What do you need?\" \"It is a compound similar to penicillin. The humans take it in tablets. We need a tablet so we can extract it. There is a...what do you say, apothecary? Pharmacist? Chemist? A shop of medicines not far from here. That is where you should go. But you will need help.\" Roddy paused. He had already been leaving. \"Help from who?\" Jean-Jaques looked uncomfortable. \"A volunteer came forward to offer assistance when he heard of your plight.\" \"How could anyone know we were here?\" said Roddy. A new voice answered from behind him. It was familiar, worryingly familiar. \"Well,\" said Le Frog. \"That is the sixty-thousand franc question is it not, my old English friend?\"[Chapter 5] Roddy was pacing the room like a caged tiger and talking, to all intents and purposes, to himself. \"Why is he here? Why is he helping? Is he helping? I don't know! I just…don't know.\" He stopped moving for a moment, and dragged the chair over. Rita's clothes had been folded and stacked by the tall nurse, who had then left them on the chair. Roddy picked up the small pile and placed it on the end of the bed. He sat down, a look of defeat on his face, and took Rita's left hand in his. Her fur was damp with sweat and she had long since stopped moving although occasionally an eyelid would twitch, indicating a deep, fevered sleep. Beneath the crisp, white sheet, her chest barely rose and fell with her shallow breathing. If Roddy had taken her hand in search of comfort, he didn't find any. His face fell as he looked at her. \"I'm sorry about this, Rita. I really am. I don't even know if you can hear me, and you certainly can't respond if you do. Or maybe you can but are just pretending to ignore me. But I think we both know you aren't that smart.\" He smiled at her unseeing features and sagged visibly. \"So Le Frog said he would help. Goodness knows I could do with it, but why does it have to be him? I'd rather have one of the Bruces with me on this than that villain. But I guess I don't have much choice do I? Because you're here, like this, and there's nobody else.\" Roddy stroked her hand absent-mindedly. \"Oh, I can hear it now. Roddy St. James, hero of the World Cup? Scared? But I'm no hero. I never was. Do you think I could have done that without you? Does anyone? I'm all alone, Rita. And I am scared. For both of us. They can amputate my head before I'll let them cut off your hand, but what happens when I go out there with Le Frog?\" He paused. \"You know what else is worrying me? That I've been talking to you for ten minutes and there's absolutely no way you can hear me and I'm going to leave you in a minute more and you probably won't realise that I've even been here.\" He looked at her face. There was no pain evident there. She twitched again, and was it Roddy's imagination or did an eye half-open? Rita struggled through the mists. The fever was like cotton wool, surrounding her, slowing her thoughts. Nothing seemed to work. Her eyes wouldn't focus and she screamed at them silently in frustration. Was that Roddy by her bedside? What was he saying? She tried to speak, but it was too late. There was a feeling of rushing wind in her hair, a sensation of falling backwards, and then the darkness took her away again. Roddy sighed. It must have been his imagination. He stood up and smoothed Rita's red hair back into place before pulling out his dinner suit. He had decided to wear it partly because it was black and therefore stealthy, partly because he felt it would blend into Paris better than his sewer rig and partly because he felt that it would somehow be better to die wearing something nice. He undid his belt. \"Ah, quite the meeting of the sans culottes ,\" said Le Frog from the doorway. Clutching his trousers to himself with one hand, Roddy gestured furiously. \"Go away! Go away! Give me a minute!\" Le Frog sighed. \"I like to be fashionably late as you know, my companion-in-crime, but this is slack even for an Englishman.\" Roddy glared. Le Frog was impervious and stood in the door for a moment longer, eyes flicking from the bristling Roddy to Rita's immobile form. Then he walked away. Roddy exhaled and finished changing. He took a last backwards glance at Rita and remembered something. He took a piece of paper out of his pocket, found a pencil stub and wrote a brief note, signing it at the bottom. Then he folded it and left it by Rita's bed, and left, turning out the light behind him. \"There is something I should warn you about,\" said Le Frog. \"The pharmacie to which we are going, it will not be entirely empty.\" \"Who will be there?\" said Roddy, suspiciously. Le Frog waved a hand evasively. \"Not 'who', my former rival, but 'what'. And you will find out in due course, I 'ave no doubt.\" He looked at Roddy and grinned lecherously. \"So things 'ave changed between you and the young lady, yes? I knew it when I saw you last. I am the man of the world, you know. I can sense these things.\" \"Last time we met you tried to kill us,\" said Roddy. Le Frog shrugged. \"That was business. My lumpy English cousin's fault. I am a mercenary Monsieur, mainly I follow the money but family is family. For better or worse.\" They opened the hospital doors and went down to the dockside where the Jammy Dodger II was waiting. \"'Ow is the Toad anyway?\" said Le Frog. \"I do not 'ear from 'im so much since the prison business.\" \"I don't know,\" said Roddy. \"Frankly I couldn't care. And frankly I'm not convinced that-\" \"Oh, give it a rest!\" Le Frog gave a dramatic sigh. \"I am not much fonder of 'im than you. I 'ad 'eard his tale of woe so often I came to believe it 'ad appened to me.\" Roddy boarded the boat and began untying the ropes. \"So why are you here now, Le Frog? Why are you helping me?\" The mercenary sat down. \"That…is a family matter as well.\" He opened his trenchcoat and produced a yellowing photo. It was a copy of the one in the hospital's main hall. Roddy examined it. \"Yes? Well?\" \"Do you think that the 'andsome example of amphibian man'ood reminds you of someone?\" Le Frog tapped it meaningfully and struck a matching pose. Roddy looked up. \"The Elephant Man?\" he suggested. Le Frog scoffed. \"Oh, yes, hahaha, the English sense of 'umour it never ceases to amaze, oh yes. Look closer.\" Roddy did. And then he saw it. \"It's you!\" \"Oui. Or rather, it is my glorious ancestor, Capitaine Gerard de la Frog. And I know 'e is standing next to your glorious ancestor, Commandant St. James.\" \"Commander,\" said Roddy. \"Yes. So they founded this place together?\" \"Our nations 'ad suffered much in the Great War,\" said Le Frog gravely. \"After Versailles they stayed be'ind. In recognition of the noble act, the Republic awarded the Legion of Honour.\" He pointed to the medal being held by the two long-dead heroes. \"Yes?\" Roddy wasn't quite getting it. \"That medal rightfully belongs to me,\" said Le Frog. \"Gerard de la Frog willed it to be passed down to 'is descendants. Which means, to me.\" \"So why isn't it?\" Le Frog jabbed a finger in Roddy's chest. \"Because your ancestor willed all 'is possessions to the 'ospital- and that included the Legion of Honour, which was awarded to them both!\" Roddy handed back the photo. \"Don't tell me you want me to steal from my own dead relative?\" \"I am 'oping,\" said Le Frog. \"That it will not come to that. Come. We do not 'ave much time.\" Roddy moved up to the cockpit, hesitated, and stood on the pilot's side. Rita's side. It felt wrong. She was as much a part of this boat as it was of her. Without her on board, it felt like an empty house. It wasn't the Jammy Dodger II . It was…just a boat. Roddy fired up the engines and pulled them around before taking them out into the main drain. \"We need to go three streets west, to the Rue Jean-Nicot,\" said Le Frog. \"You know which way west it, right?\" \"On a compass it's left,\" said Roddy. Le Frog's face was a picture as he tried to work this one out. \"Forgive me, monsieur, but I am not always au fait with English idiots. I mean, idioms. Ahahah.\" He chuckled darkly. Roddy glared at him. That had been too fortunate a slip for someone not in command of the language. \"Three west, was it?\" He opened the throttle a little wider and turned the wheel. The drain was widening as they approached the Seine again. The last of the daylight was slipping away when Le Frog, who had been watching the ceiling carefully, told him to pull over. \"But we can't have gone far enough!\" protested Roddy. \"Indeed not, my observant companion. But this is as close as we can get. That man'ole there is our way out.\" He pointed a green finger. Roddy nodded and reversed the engines. There was a ladder there, a series of iron hoops driven into the brickwork, and they were able to tie themselves securely. Watching Le Frog like a hawk, Roddy activated the mechanical arm, which telescoped upwards and poked the manhole cover once or twice before levering it slightly ajar. Le Frog was up there in a flash, peering out suspiciously. \"The coast is clear,\" he said. \"Come on, get your things.\" He scrambled out. Roddy sighed and picked up a grapnel on a length of string. He checked the controls once more, and followed. Le Frog had exited the drain with a professional commando roll and was lurking in the shadows behind a bin with practised ease. Roddy, on the other hand, banged his head on the manhole cover and ambled over, rubbing it. Le Frog glowered. \"We are really going to 'ave to work on your skills,\" he said. \"Now, we go up and over.\" \"Up and over what?\" asked Roddy. Le Frog made no answer, but set off up the vertical wall before remembering something. \"Pass me the grapnel. I will affix it at the top.\" Roddy hesitated, but remembered that he had little choice but to trust him. He passed the hook up, and Le Frog carried on. At the top of the building, he clipped the hook into place and waved. Roddy gritted his teeth. Heights had never been his strongest suit. Bracing both feet against the wall, he began walking up slowly, trying not to think about the drop that rapidly opened up behind him. Taking care to place his feet in the gaps between bricks, he made good progress until a patch of mortar crumbled and he fell back, legs and tail flailing wildly above the two-storey fall before he was able to regain control. He hauled himself over the ledge and the top and collapsed, panting. Le Frog was tapping his foot impatiently. \"We will never get there like this,\" he said. Roddy heaved himself upright. \"This…problem. You said…there would be someone…there? What…was it?\" he asked in between breaths. Le Frog grinned nastily. \"Oh, nothing much. Just… un petit chat , that is all.\" Roddy froze. \"A cat?\" All rats harboured in their souls a primal fear of their natural predator. Le Frog, who didn't, nodded. \"It is a good thing there are two of us, no? Now come on. Get your grapnel and follow me. We are very close now.\" He set off. Roddy unhooked the grapnel and followed, taking in their surroundings for the first time. Paris is a low-built city with few tall buildings. The Rue Jean-Nicot was close to the Champs de Mars, the grassy open space around the Eiffel Tower. The Tower itself was passing into twilight, a skeletal shadow against the western horizon. As Roddy admired it, the lighting array blinked on. The great monument to the age of iron and industry was transformed into a breathtaking spear of luminescence, topped by a glittering crown of red navigation lights. Rita would have loved it. Rita… Roddy shook his head. He couldn't afford distractions. What would his forebear have thought of it? Commander August St. James, RNVR, wouldn't have allowed it! By Jove, no, stiff upper lip and all that. Just not cricket. King and Country, sir, that was the ticket, what! Roddy imagined himself pacing the storm-lashed decks of a dreadnought, far out in the North Sea. The image gave him strength and he pressed on. Le Frog was waiting for him beside an open vent in the roof of a building. Far below was an illuminated sign reading 'PHARMACIE'. \"This is it,\" said the mercenary. \"You go first.\" \"Me? What about the cat?\" Roddy exclaimed. Le Frog sighed. \"The cat will not be in the air ducts. You will need to find a way into the storeroom. I will be right be'ind you.\" \"What about the cat?\" insisted Roddy. \"You seem to fixate on the cat, my fretful friend.\" \"Of course I do! It's a cat! Cat! C-A-T!\" \"Thank you for the refresher course of English spelling,\" said Le Frog, unmoved. \"Now get in the vent. And look on the bright side- if it sees you first, I will be left unmolested to get the medicines we need! There is a word in French, luerre , it translates as 'decoy'.\" \"Really? There's a word in English which translates as 'no chance, you slimy green bast-'\" Roddy stopped himself just in time. \"All right, all right. Let's get this over with.\" Roddy walked down the duct, shivering in the chill breeze. He found a vent and peered down. The room below was illuminated by two shafts of silver light coming from the window but was otherwise dark. His keen eyes picked out two tables covered with equipment- beakers, monitors, thermometers- and a low bench running around the room covered in small boxes. This must be it. \"Good work,\" said Le Frog, joining him. \"Now we just need to get in there.\" \"How? I can't fit through this vent!\" Roddy demonstrated. \"I can barely get an arm through it.\" Le Frog shook his head. \"I am thinking we should more…drop in on them. Bon chance! \" He kicked at a latch on the floor, which opened an access hatch right underneath Roddy, who barely had time to protest before he dropped like a stone. He landed awkwardly in a pile of strangely-shaped objects and struggled to stand up. Above him, Le Frog dropped neatly out of the ducts and landed soundlessly on the bench. He went over to a pile of boxes and began peering at them. \"That was a dirty trick to pull!\" hissed Roddy. \"How did you know I'd land safely?\" \"You did? Oh, that is good news,\" said Le Frog. \"Yes! But I wouldn't have were it not for this bowl…of…dried…food.\" Roddy looked around, a sinking feeling in his heart. There was another bowl nearby filled with water. \"Dried…cat food, to be exact.\" He scrambled out, as if the biscuits had suddenly turned corrosive. Le Frog was reading the labels on the boxes aloud and discarding them carelessly, throwing them over his shoulder. \"You would not think they could need so many pills, would you?\" he said conversationally. \"I mean, 'ow much can go wrong with them? 'Umans, they are a strange breed.\" Roddy picked up a box which had slid under the table, and looked up as he got the feeling that a patch of empty air had just been filled. Two eyes regarded him contemptuously. \"Le Frog!\" he cried, dropping the box and edging backwards. \"I think the cat's here!\" \"Good, so you know where it is?\" Le Frog threw another box aside. \"Keep it distracted. Keep its attention.\" \"I've got its attention! I don't want its attention! It's staring at me!\" He backed away and bumped into the table leg. He screamed with the shock. The cat had wandered forwards into the light. It was a ginger one, sleek and deadly and clearly willing to add rat tartare to its dinner. It leapt gracefully, and Roddy scrambled desperately aside. The cat landed on the box he had dropped, slid, and cannoned into the table leg. There was a rattle from above, and a cascade of objects began falling. Roddy got to his feet, dodging them, and continued walking backwards as the cat gathered itself and stalked after him. \"Please don't! Not here! Not now!\" He looked desperately for an escape. Le Frog tossed another box, which landed corner-first on the cat's head just as it was about to leap. It glared at Roddy vengefully, determined to repay the prey for this indignity. Roddy stepped backwards again, and fell over something. The cat sauntered towards him as he stared frantically at it. He would not get away this time. It gathered itself for another leap. A glass beaker which had been knocked over finally reached the edge of the table. It fell right in front of the cat and shattered with a pock noise. Shrapnel pattered down. The cat shied away momentarily, and Roddy was given the time to look at what he had fallen over. It was a long metal tube, affixed at one end to a round ceramic plate. A small red button was at that end, marked 'ALLUMER'- 'ignition'. A rubber hose led from the base to a silver valve in the wall. Roddy grinned. Maybe there was a way out! The cat prepared to pounce. This charade had gone on long enough! But instead of being met by the cringing, black-suited prey it had expected, it saw a determined figure standing astride a metal tube. \"Come and have a go if you think you're fast enough!\" shouted Roddy, remembering the first time had heard Rita issue that sing-song challenge. He stamped his foot on the red button, and a blue flame blasted out of the tube. The cat recoiled in terror. Roddy advanced, struggling with the Bunsen burner. Its metal heated up fast, and he dropped it. As it hit the floor, the flame changed from the pencil-thin blue torch to a wider, brighter yellow. It spluttered, sending out sheets of burning gas. The cat yowled, leapt onto the bench and then bounced out of the window, ignoring the fact that it had been shut at the time. Le Frog watched it go, and peered down to the floor. Roddy was rolling around feverishly, trying to put out a fire on his left sleeve. \"Good thinking, monsieur! And the prize is ours!\" Le Frog waved a box triumphantly. Inside was a sheet of plastic, moulded foil covering the precious green-and-white tablets. He stamped on four of them, and stuck three in his belt. The fourth he tossed to Roddy, who was dusting himself down. Roddy caught it across his chest, staggered, and grinned. They had done it! Jean-Jaques cracked open the tablet carefully, and poured the white powder inside into a beaker of water. He took a staple and stirred it until it was well dissolved, then nodded to Roddy. \"It is time. Sit her up, please.\" Roddy, assisted by one of the short nurses, sat Rita up in bed. She made no move to resist them. \"Now,\" said Jean-Jaques. \"She will have to drink this. All of it. Are you ready? Here we go.\" He put the beaker to her lips. The nurse held Rita's head back. \"It would be ironic, yes, if she were to now die of drowning?\" Jean-Jaques looked at Roddy's face and saw that it wouldn't be. It took whole minutes for Rita to finish the water, and when she did, Roddy lay her back down and straightened the sheet covering her. \"How long?\" he asked. \"Not long. Maybe a day before we see the fever drop. Another day, maybe two, before she can awaken. There is nothing to do but wait to see if it works.\" \"If? You mean it might not?\" Roddy was horrified. Jean-Jaques shrugged. \"It should. But there are no certain things in medicine, Mr St. James.\" \"What if it doesn't?\" Roddy looked at Rita. The doctor rubbed his chin. \"Well, then we give her the other tablets of course.\" \"And if that doesn't work?\" Jean-Jaques raised an eyebrow meaningfully and made an appropriate gesture with his hand. Roddy swallowed nervously. \"I…I would like to stay with her, please.\" \"Suit yourself,\" said the doctor. \"But I would like to talk with you about your ancestor. You see, we have unearthed his final will and testament. I think you would be interested. After all, you are his last remaining kin.\" Roddy stared. \"Meaning what?\" Jean-Jaques took a bundle of black material from the nurse. \"Well…firstly, that this is now yours.\" He handed it to Roddy, and then held up the ornamental sabre. \"August's old uniform. We only kept it here because we did not know who it should be given to. August brought no family with him, you see. Now we know. And…if I may say so…I think he would have been proud of you.\" He smiled. Roddy took the sabre. \"Thank you…this is..well…amazing.\" Jean-Jaques smiled again. \"I will leave you two alone.\" He left quietly. Roddy unfolded the uniform. After all these years, it was in pristine condition. The medals still shone and the braid glittered. He turned to Rita. \"You said we might find my family here, Rita,\" he said. \"It turns out…that you were right.\" He put the uniform down next to her clothes and sat beside her again. He took her hand. \"It's been quite a day. Maybe I'll be able to tell you about it when you wake up. I'll be here when you do. However long that takes.\" He looked at her face. The twitching had stopped, but the poison in her bloodstream was taking its toll. A coil of hair had fallen across her nose. Roddy gently replaced it. \"However long it takes,\" he promised. \"However long.\"[Chapter 6] Rita had expected to wake up to pain, but that turned out to be wrong. Her eyes opened and slowly focused on an unfamiliar ceiling. This couldn't be the Jammy Dodger II ! She was on a comfortable bed, and one not made from a sponge either. Wait…weren't they in Paris? At the...what was it Roddy had called it? The Hotel d'Invalides? That sounded familiar. Voices filtered into her consciousness. An elderly one with a Breton accent was speaking. \"…too long, Mr St. James. You need rest. You can barely stand.\" The figure talking was short, round and elderly, wearing a white coat. \"I'll be fine, doctor, really. I'm just…a little tired.\" It was Roddy's voice, but it didn't look like Roddy from the back. The speaker was tall and wearing black like Roddy, but gold sparkled on his sleeves. \"A little tired? Hah, yes, like she was a little under the weather. Get some sleep, Mr St. James, or we might have to put you in a bed as well. You have been here for two days.\" \"Just five minutes longer. Please?\" \"Three. But ah! Maybe not- I think we are no longer alone in the room.\" The white-clad rat pointed. The black-clad one span around and Rita recognised him even as the smile spread over his familiar features. \"Rita! You're awake at last! Oh, thank heavens!\" Roddy knelt by her bed, relief plain in every movement. Rita smiled weakly. \"I'm awake, Roddy…have you been here the whole time?\" \"He has hardly left your side,\" said the doctor. \"My name is Jean-Jaques. I am pleased to meet you. As I was just telling Mr St. James, he has almost hospitalised himself through worrying about you.\" Rita turned her eyes to Roddy, who looked away, blushing. \"He is a good friend, is he not?\" Jean-Jaques wrote something down on a clipboard. \"I am glad to see you so well. I will keep you here for a little bit longer only. Shall I send for a nurse to help you dress?\" Rita looked at the pile of her clothes and realised that she was wearing a thin medical gown. \"No, thank you. I can manage.\" Jean-Jaques smiled. \"But of course. Mr St. James? Could you come with me?\" Roddy nodded. He stood up. Rita laughed. \"Roddy? What are you wearing?\" He glanced down at the Royal Navy uniform he was wearing. \"Oh, this? Well, it's funny you should mention that. There's quite a story to it…but basically, you were right when you said we might find my ancestor here.\" Jean-Jaques coughed meaningfully. He was a patient sort, as all doctors are, but he had been severely tested over the last two days. Roddy patted Rita's hand and went with the doctor. Rita sat up in bed and reached for her jumper as they shut the door behind them. \"Was it the uniform?\" said Roddy to Jean-Jaques as they waited outside. \"I'm sorry, I just thought I should try it on.\"","LastChapter":"Rita had expected to wake up to pain, but that turned out to be wrong. Her eyes opened and slowly focused on an unfamiliar ceiling. This couldn't be the Jammy Dodger II ! She was on a comfortable bed, and one not made from a sponge either. Wait…weren't they in Paris? At the...what was it Roddy had called it? The Hotel d'Invalides? That sounded familiar. Voices filtered into her consciousness. An elderly one with a Breton accent was speaking. \"…too long, Mr St. James. You need rest. You can barely stand.\" The figure talking was short, round and elderly, wearing a white coat. \"I'll be fine, doctor, really. I'm just…a little tired.\" It was Roddy's voice, but it didn't look like Roddy from the back. The speaker was tall and wearing black like Roddy, but gold sparkled on his sleeves. \"A little tired? Hah, yes, like she was a little under the weather. Get some sleep, Mr St. James, or we might have to put you in a bed as well. You have been here for two days.\" \"Just five minutes longer. Please?\" \"Three. But ah! Maybe not- I think we are no longer alone in the room.\" The white-clad rat pointed. The black-clad one span around and Rita recognised him even as the smile spread over his familiar features. \"Rita! You're awake at last! Oh, thank heavens!\" Roddy knelt by her bed, relief plain in every movement. Rita smiled weakly. \"I'm awake, Roddy…have you been here the whole time?\" \"He has hardly left your side,\" said the doctor. \"My name is Jean-Jaques. I am pleased to meet you. As I was just telling Mr St. James, he has almost hospitalised himself through worrying about you.\" Rita turned her eyes to Roddy, who looked away, blushing. \"He is a good friend, is he not?\" Jean-Jaques wrote something down on a clipboard. \"I am glad to see you so well. I will keep you here for a little bit longer only. Shall I send for a nurse to help you dress?\" Rita looked at the pile of her clothes and realised that she was wearing a thin medical gown. \"No, thank you. I can manage.\" Jean-Jaques smiled. \"But of course. Mr St. James? Could you come with me?\" Roddy nodded. He stood up. Rita laughed. \"Roddy? What are you wearing?\" He glanced down at the Royal Navy uniform he was wearing. \"Oh, this? Well, it's funny you should mention that. There's quite a story to it…but basically, you were right when you said we might find my ancestor here.\" Jean-Jaques coughed meaningfully. He was a patient sort, as all doctors are, but he had been severely tested over the last two days. Roddy patted Rita's hand and went with the doctor. Rita sat up in bed and reached for her jumper as they shut the door behind them. \"Was it the uniform?\" said Roddy to Jean-Jaques as they waited outside. \"I'm sorry, I just thought I should try it on.\"","Summary":" Flushed Away , the characters and settings therein and all related material are the property of the","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Adventure Romance - Chapters: 6   - Words: 22,605 - Reviews: 29 - Favs: 24 - Follows: 9 - Updated: 2 23 2007 - Published: 2 17 2007 - Status: Complete - id: 3400348 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Upstage","Author":"Misty Copeland","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1829645","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jody let out a long sigh and turned to Eva. \"Why does packing have to be so damn hard? I never realized how much shit Inbrought with me to this dorm.\" \"Tell me about it\". Eva laughed as she stared at the large pile of Jody'snthings on the floor. Jonathan wanted them to move out as soon as possible so the dorms could benready for the next semester. Eva was moving in with her aunt in the Bronx.nJody still didn't know where to go. She was just so excited. She was anprinciple in a brand new company and she had a date with Charlie thatnnight. Life was good even though she could be potentially stuck out on thenstreets. \"So.....when is your next practice with ABC?\" Jody asked. \"Well, Jonathan wants to get started as soon as possible. I think he saidnthat tomorrow at 6 should be our first practice as a company. Well at leastnthe choral part of the company.\" Eva looked a little sad at this. But luckily Jody knew just what Eva needednto hear in order to make her happy again. \"Oh Eva, you're such an amazing dancer. It won't be long before yourndancing the part of Odette in Swan Lake\" Jody said in a cheerful voice. She knew how Eva was feeling. How much it would suck to be shoved into anchoral during your best years of dancing. Jody was lucky to start out as anprinciple. \"Thanks, Jo. I needed that. I need as much encouragement as possible. Younknow, with the fact I'm probably going to be stuck with Jonathan as myncompany director for the rest of my life.\" \"Jonathan may be a bit of a prick, but you know that he makes some amazingnballets. It must have been great to dance that part in the workshop.\" \"Well Cooper's ballet wasn't too shabby either.\" Eva laughed. Jody laughed too. Eva might be a tough girl, but she was one of the nicestnand best of all the friends that she had ever had. Suddenly, the door burstnopen and in came Cooper Neilson with a large grin on his face. \"Hey Jody!\" He said while still grinning \"I have some great news!\" \"Don't even bother knocking. Just come in whenever you want.\" Eva grumbled.nShe found Cooper to be cocky as all hell. \"You must be Eva. That was some amazing dancing out there in Jonathan'snballet\" Eva had to blush. Cooper might be cocky, but he was an amazing dancer andnhe knew good dancing when he saw it. \"Thank you.\" She said softly, a little embarrassed that she had been quicknto be rude to Cooper as soon as he had gotten into the room. Cooper didn'tnseem to even remember Eva's first comment, because he quickly turned tonJody. \"I made a few phone calls and it looks like we have a studio to work in.nSome old school of dance that shut down a few years ago sold us theirnstudio for real cheap.\" \"That is really cool Cooper.\" \"I know. And this means that we can get right down to some new ballets thatnI had in mind. You know, ballet for the people. I mean, the ballet that wendid in the workshop was an excellent piece.\" At this point, Eva raised an eyebrow. Of course Cooper thought that thenballet they did in the workshop was excellent. He was the one who hadncreated it! Cooper continued\" And I think that it was so good that we should expand itninto a longer feature ballet. We could put in a lot of new scenes andncharacters. I was thinking of a new scene where you can take a Grande jettenfrom right stage and then follow up with-\" Jody interrupted\" Coop, slow down. I still don't even know when or wherenour first practice will be and you're already throwing steps at me.\" \"Sorry Jody. But I'm just so excited that this whole thing is reallynhappening. My own company, you and I as the star principle dancers. We makena great team, you know that?\" \"Yes Cooper, I do. Now tell me about practice and rehearsals.\" \"Well, since we have the studio, I want to have a practice tomorrow, justnyou and me. Then, we can get everyone else in the company to be ready fornthe first rehearsal in a couple of days.\" \"Who do we have in the company? So far I only know about you and me.\" \"Well there are a few people that I took away from Jonathan. I'm stillntrying to convince Charlie to join. But he's hooked on ABC for some oddnreason. I thought that he would jump at the chance to work with someonenlike me.\" That statement made Eva's other eyebrow go up. Jody had to suppress angiggle. But, Cooper could tell that she was trying not to laugh. \"What's so funny?\" \"Oh, nothing Coop. Look, pick me up tomorrow when you're ready fornpractice. Call about 15 minutes before you get here so I can get ready,nokay?\" \"It sounds like a plan.\" There was a knock at that door that looked as if it had startled the jumpynwith excitement Cooper. \"Come in!\" Jody called, and in popped Charlie, ready with a rose in hisnhand. Jody walked over to him and gave him a kiss. \"This is for you.\" Charlie said, motioning to the flower. \"That is so sweet, Charlie. I love it. It's beautiful.\" Cooper pushed past Jody and Charlie in the doorway. \"I have to go.\" Henmumbled as he stalked away. \"What was that?\" Eva asked \"Yeah, my buddy old pal Cooper Neilson isn't going to say hi to menanymore?\" Charlie joked. \"I have no idea. Let's just go to the party.\" \"Do you guys mind if I come with you. I don't have a ride.\" Eva asked Jody sneaked a glance at Charlie. She really liked Eva, but she was hopingnthat she could have more time alone with Charlie. Eva could sense hernhesitation and quickly patched up her mistake. She had forgotten that Jodynand Charlie were going on an official date. \"On second thought, I think I'll check up on Eric. We can go together. Ofncourse I'm going to have to drive his car since he has that bum foot andneverything.\" Jody laughed \"I guess we'll see you there, Eva\"nJody entwined her fingers with Charlie's and led him out the door for theirnfirst date.[Chapter 2] \"Jody, how many times do I have to remind you to relax your fingers? Bengraceful, don't grab onto the barre like a fish hook.\" Cooper Neilson saidnfor the fourth time that day to Jody Sawyer. They were in the new Cooper Neilson Company studio. It was awfully musty,nand for some odd and deranged reason, there were mothball scattered innareas of the floor. It was no where near as nice as the American BalletnAcademy studios. \"Cooper, I'm trying, but I'm so tired. I was up until four last nightnlooking for an apartment. Jonathan wants us out of the dorms as soon asnpossible. I'm just so stressed right now.\" Jody said in a tired voice. Copper walked over to the CD player near one of the mirrors and shut offnthe music. He grabbed another disk and set it to a song from the pas dendeux in Romeo and Juliet. He walked over to where Jody was standing andngrabbed her hand gently. \"Jody you need to stop thinking so hard and just dance.\" Cooper said as henpulled her into a smooth movement that had her relaxing in an instant. She just listened to the music and danced. Cooper pulled her into a liftnand she couldn't help but smile. She extended her legs and raised her armsngracefully. This was why Jody loved dance. Dance allowed her to loosenherself in the music. Any problems could be danced away. Ballet was anothernworld that she could hide in. The music stopped and Jody turned to Cooper\" We do make a great team, don'tnwe?\" Cooper smiled\" We can do more of that once you actually COMPLETE your barrenexercises.\"\" Jody sighed and headed back to the barre. She started in first position andnstarted with a clean demi-plie. \"Relax those fingers Jody.\" \"So how did your first practice with Cooper go?\" Eva asked a sweaty Jodynoutside of the studio. She had promised to go to lunch with Jody so theyncould discuss how their lives as professional ballet dancers were going. \"It went fine, except that Cooper was on my back about every little thing.nI honestly think that he's tougher than my ABA teachers.\" Jody sighed. Thisnday couldn't get anymore demanding. \"Jody, you have to expect company life to be a bit more difficult than prenprofessional training.\" Eva laughed. \"Just forget about it. How did practice go for you?'' \"Good but, I got a call from my mom today. She that my ex-fiancé was backnaround asking where I was. She says that I should visit and take care ofnit. He won't leave her alone until he talks to me. I talked to Jonathannabout it and he says that I could easily take a weekend off ass long as I'mnback by Monday.\" \"God, things aren't going well for us are they?\" \"I guess not, but that's the life of a ballerina, aint it?\" Jody turned onto the next street that held the little Irish restaurant thatnthey were stopping at. She heard Eva give a little gasp, but he was alreadynthere by the time she turned to ask what she was surprised about. \"Eva, where have you been?\" A tough looking guy demanded. \"Look, Jay, you can't just come around here. I was going to go home nextnweekend to visit.\" Eva huffed. It didn't take Jody long to know who this Jay was. He was Eva's ex fiancénhere in New York to mess with Eva. Why couldn't things be normal just forntwo seconds?[Chapter 3] Jay looked Eva straight in the eyes\"Eva, I've missed you so much. Since younleft, all I've thought about is you. I feel real bad about how things hadnto end for us, I want things to be the way that they were.\" Eva glared at him\"things can never be the way that they were. I can't trustnyou. Has that bitch dumped already that you feel the need to come crawlingnback after you made a fool of me?\" \"It's not like that anymore. Be with me Eva. I dumped her because Inrealized that I needed you more than her. Please, take me back.\" \"It's not gonna work. You had your chance and you blew it. I have a newnlife now. I'm not gonna give up my job, the thing that I worked so hardnfor, just so you can be at peace with what you did to me.\" Eva grabbed Jody's arm and led her away. Jody looked back to see the angernfill up Jay's face. \"You are gonna regret this, Eva. I swear to it. You're gonna want me.\" Jaynscreamed at the top of his lungs, making passersby stare with solemn faces. Jody was about to head into the restaurant, but Eva gave her a stern look. \"We can't let him follow us. We have to try and loose him. Is there a copnnearby?\" Jody scanned the crowds of people hurrying off to work after their lunchnbreaks. This was New York City; it shouldn't be hard to find a cop.nSuddenly, she spotted an overweight cop prowling the street. He was thenstereotype of a cop; he had a large coffee in one hand and a doughnut innthe other. \"SIR!!\" Jody yelled\" OVER HERE!\" The cop ignored them until Eva threw in some cries of needed assistance.nThe cop glanced over and saw that they were trying to get his attention. Hentrotted over with a concerned look on his face. \"Can I help you ladies?'' Eva decided to take care of the talking.\" There is this guy, officer. Henwon't leave us alone. I'm afraid that he will follow me and find out wherenI live. Please help; I don't know how to get of him.\" Jody decided to add in an extra charm to seal the deal\" He's been harassingnus. I'm really worried.\" The cop turned around\" Can you point him out for me?''nJody guided a knowing finger towards Jay. The cop just nodded as hencontemplated on what to do. \"Where exactly are you girls headed? I know that it's the usual lunch hour,nbut it would be best if you just went back to your place of work. I cannescort you. If he's smart, he won't follow you when I'm here because mostnof his type knows that the cops mean business. When you leave your worknbuilding, try to leave with a crowd of friends and wear a sort of disguise,nmaybe like a hat of something, nothing to obvious of you'll be too easy tonbe picked out. It might be even better if you can leave with a boyfriend ornmale friend. That will intimidate him.\" \"Thanks so much.\" Eva said politely, in a tone that Jody had never heardnfrom her. The Cop nodded and led them off. Jody looked back and saw Jay start tonfollow them again. She saw Jay look towards the cop. When he saw him, Jaynducked off into an alley. But Jody knew that this wasn't the last of Jay.nHe would be back. What if Jay decide to bother her too just because she wasnconnected to Eva? She hoped that Cooper or Charlie could walk her homentonight. But, wait, she didn't have a home. Who could she stay with? Justnher luck, she didn't have a place to stay and she had a creepy stalker onnher back. It's just another day in the life of Jody Sawyer.[Chapter 4] 'Back so soon, Jody? I thought Jonathan used to always get on your casenwhen you had fast-food.\" Cooper laughed as Jody walked into the studio. 'Stalker troubles. Couldn't eat a thing. You don't have snack machines innthis place by any chance do you?\" She asked, her stomach grumblingnfuriously. Cooper gave her a stern look, as if confused by the English language. Whennhe saw that she wasn't playing around, his face grew more serious and dark.n\"What went on Jody? What happened?\" Jody looked down at her feet, ashamed that she couldn't be strong aboutnthis. Cooper didn't need to see her in her weak state again, the state thatnhad told her to sleep with him on their un-official first date. She led himnto two chairs facing a window looking out onto the street. Cooper searched her eyes. He was really worried about Jody. To him, shenseemed like a little girl lost in the big city without her parents. Henalmost felt like it was his job to look out for her. Jody began the story about Jay. She ended with the part about needingnsomeone to walk her home, hopefully a male \"companion\". Cooper laughed at this part. 'Of course I'll walk you home, Jody. You don'tneven need to ask.\" Jody smiled. Cooper wasn't a bad guy at all. He was just a bit miss-guidednat times, that's all. \"You think that we should get back to work then?' Cooper asked playfully. Jody nodded and she headed towards studio A, the biggest studio in thenwhole place. Cooper followed behind her, as if protecting her from anyonenelse that tried to threaten her. The barre felt smooth under her fingertips. Cooper walked over to the CDnplayer and played P.Y.T's 'And we're dancing'. It was one of her favoritensongs. As she and Cooper went into their demi-plies, she imagined that allnher dancing friends were in the studio at that very moment, dancing withnher. Eric wasn't checking out Charlie's ass for once, but was dipping intona beautiful exercise. Charlie was smiling at Jody. Maureen was there too,nwith her long flowing lines. The best was Eva, her natural talent pouringnout of her like a waterfall of graceful beauty. Jody shook the image from her head and focused on her turn-out. Coopernglanced over at her every once and a while to check that she was doingneverything correctly. Jody didn't even focus on his suggestions. She forgot about her troubles,nthe stalker and her homelessness. She lost herself in the dance once again.nShe not only flowed to the music; she became the music. Cooper stopped his mouth and just starred at her. 'You found it again Jody. You look so- I don't know, just keep dancing.' Cooper plopped down on the floor and watched her steadily for half-an-hour.nJody just danced the way she felt.","LastChapter":"'Back so soon, Jody? I thought Jonathan used to always get on your casenwhen you had fast-food.\" Cooper laughed as Jody walked into the studio. 'Stalker troubles. Couldn't eat a thing. You don't have snack machines innthis place by any chance do you?\" She asked, her stomach grumblingnfuriously. Cooper gave her a stern look, as if confused by the English language. Whennhe saw that she wasn't playing around, his face grew more serious and dark.n\"What went on Jody? What happened?\" Jody looked down at her feet, ashamed that she couldn't be strong aboutnthis. Cooper didn't need to see her in her weak state again, the state thatnhad told her to sleep with him on their un-official first date. She led himnto two chairs facing a window looking out onto the street. Cooper searched her eyes. He was really worried about Jody. To him, shenseemed like a little girl lost in the big city without her parents. Henalmost felt like it was his job to look out for her. Jody began the story about Jay. She ended with the part about needingnsomeone to walk her home, hopefully a male \"companion\". Cooper laughed at this part. 'Of course I'll walk you home, Jody. You don'tneven need to ask.\" Jody smiled. Cooper wasn't a bad guy at all. He was just a bit miss-guidednat times, that's all. \"You think that we should get back to work then?' Cooper asked playfully. Jody nodded and she headed towards studio A, the biggest studio in thenwhole place. Cooper followed behind her, as if protecting her from anyonenelse that tried to threaten her. The barre felt smooth under her fingertips. Cooper walked over to the CDnplayer and played P.Y.T's 'And we're dancing'. It was one of her favoritensongs. As she and Cooper went into their demi-plies, she imagined that allnher dancing friends were in the studio at that very moment, dancing withnher. Eric wasn't checking out Charlie's ass for once, but was dipping intona beautiful exercise. Charlie was smiling at Jody. Maureen was there too,nwith her long flowing lines. The best was Eva, her natural talent pouringnout of her like a waterfall of graceful beauty. Jody shook the image from her head and focused on her turn-out. Coopernglanced over at her every once and a while to check that she was doingneverything correctly. Jody didn't even focus on his suggestions. She forgot about her troubles,nthe stalker and her homelessness. She lost herself in the dance once again.nShe not only flowed to the music; she became the music. Cooper stopped his mouth and just starred at her. 'You found it again Jody. You look so- I don't know, just keep dancing.' Cooper plopped down on the floor and watched her steadily for half-an-hour.nJody just danced the way she felt.","Summary":" Jody let out a long sigh and turned to Eva. \"Why does packing have to be so damn hard? I never rea","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Chapters: 4   - Words: 3,196 - Reviews: 10 - Favs: 7 - Follows: 8 - Updated: 6 17 2004 - Published: 4 21 2004 - id: 1829645 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Flushed Away: What If?","Author":"BlueRenamon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4093864","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Welcome tornmy first Flushed Away fic. The premise for this came to me whenrnreading the director's commentary on the DVD (something they'drnbrushed upon), and I felt it was too good to resist… Disclaimer:rnRoddy, Rita and the entire Flushed Away cast, story and universe as arnwhole are the intellectual property of DeamWorks/Aardman. They, asrnwell as any references to the film, are used without permissionrnpurely for the purposes of entertainment. This plot does, however,rnbelong to me. It can be copied and pasted (should you choose to) asrnlong as the author (me) is credited. Now, on tornthe story… FlushedrnAway: What if…? Chapter I What ifrnSid had never made it to the pub? He wouldn't have ended up Up Top.rnHe would never have met Roddy. And Roddy, who wouldn't have beenrnflushed away, would never have met Rita… Or wouldrnhe? The JammyrnDodger rested in silence, moored tight to the edge of the sewer. Allrnwas quiet aboard. The engine was off, the lights were cold andrnlifeless. The only sounds was the gentle lap of the water against thernhull of the ship, and the lightly tempered breathing of the ship'srnpilot: one Rita Malone.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer:rnRoddy, Rita and the entire Flushed Away cast, story and universe as arnwhole are the intellectual property of DeamWorks/Aardman. They, asrnwell as any references to the film, are used without permissionrnpurely for the purposes of entertainment. This plot does, however,rnbelong to me. It can be copied and pasted (should you choose to) asrnlong as the author (me) is credited, and this disclaimer remainsrnintact. FlushedrnAway: What if…? Part Two The watersrnon the western edge of Hyde Park were notorious for their rapids andrnstrong currents, especially in the vicinity of the treatment plant.rnIt was a well known no-go area for most nautical adventurers – evenrnsome of the more intrepid amongst them wouldn't have dared to try andrnnavigate their way through. A sturdy ship, an impeccable pilotingrnability, and - above all else - a strong stomach were needed to evenrncontemplate traversing such a hazardous section of the sewers. But Ritarnwas pretty sure that she had all three. Prettyrnsure… If the Dodger could hold up to it. But atrnthis point it was far too late for her to be second-guessing herself. \"Inrnfor a penny, in for a pound.\" She thought aloud to nobody inrnparticular, attempting to reassure herself as much as anything else. One thingrnthat had been playing over in the back of her mind was that shernhadn't seen hide nor hair of the Toad's Hench-rats since she'd leftrnthe city. She wasn't sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing.rnBut one thing she knew for sure was that the Toad never gave up thatrneasily. Was this the calm before the storm? Judgingrnfrom the waters up ahead the storm was already beginning. \"OKrnRita,\" she thought aloud once again, eyes focused dead ahead atrnthe corroded, twisted grate that covered the entry tunnel to therntreatment plant, \"You only get one chance at this.\" Lockingrnthe helm in place with a large safety-pin and setting the engine tornhalf-throttle, she left the Jammie's course to the tumultuous currentrnthat drew it in towards the gaping maw. Leaping to the back of thernboat, Rita quickly tied herself to the deck, via herrnbelt, using the emergency stop parachute's deploy lines. She was smart enoughrnto replace her old leather-styled belt with something a little bit stronger andrnmuch more durable: the cable she'd used to escape the Toad's lair. She quickly grabbed hold of one of the aftrnmooring lines. She'd attached a crudely styled grappling hook to itrnjust for the occasion. Swinging it around her shoulder she quicklyrnlooked from the course ahead to the crossbars of the gate. They, thernDodger and herself, were mere moments away from passing through. \"Onernchance. One chance.\" She repeated as she swung the line fasterrnand faster, \"Three, two, one, GO!\" Shernreleased, the grappling hook flying up into the air as the Dodgerrnpassed onwards through the fang-like wrought-iron gate. Rita ranrnurgently right to the stern, unknowingly digging her fingers hardrninto the rubber half-tyre that made up the aft quarters if the boat. \"Gornon, go on!\" She urged, feeling the momentum of the boat and therntorrent that carried it grow in intensity. Therngrappler and rope flew in what seemed to almost be a time-lapsed arc.rnThe whole world around Rita felt as if it had slowed right down to arnnear standstill. She dare not even draw breath. With arnloud clunk the grappler collided with one of the vertical bars,rnlosing both pace and direction. \"Ohrnno!\" Rita gasped. She'd missed. There was nothing she could dornnow but watch as the line and grappler fell into the water, and maybernawait her soon-to-be watery demise. To herrnutter disbelief and amazement, the clawed mechanism managed to fallrnon the downstream side of one of the lower crossbars. As the Dodgerrnsurged forwards the line caught, snagged and pulled taut. The boatrncame to a violent halt, shuddering and groaning, flinging Ritarnherself forwards as the Dodger stopped but she didn't. Lucky thatrnshe'd used the parachute to tie herself down. But, SNAP! \"Ohrnshi-!\" SPLASH! The impactrnagainst the water alone knocked the wind out of her, and a momentrnlater the shock made her inhale sharply. Not a good idea when yournwere half-submerged in a raging river of death. Chokingrnand spluttering, Rita fought desperately but futilely against therncurrent. Then, against the white noise that was the water raging allrnaround her, she heard a very loud twang, and managed to turn in timernto see that the parachute still had one line attached to the boat. The forcernof the last tie with the Dodger straining like that pulled Rita backrnbelow the surface. She soon realised that she wasn't sinking far, andrnmustered up as much will and strength as she could. But it wouldn'trnallow her to resurface. Rita knewrnthat she was half way drowned from the burning that was erupting inrnher lungs. She had maybe half a minute left at this rate. Probablyrnless if she continued to struggle without success. Just enough timernto do one last thing… With onernhuge, arching thrust-punch, Rita made a desperate grab for the tautrnparachute line. She felt her fingers brush past it. As quickly as sherncould she repeated the process with her other hand, this time gainingrnpurchase. It was just enough to pull herself up a bit, but she stillrncouldn't quite reach the surface, and the vital air that her lungsrnnow screamed for. Comernon, Rita! A voice ordered in her head, Don't give up now! She couldrnalready feel herself growing woozy. Her vision was growing darkrnaround the edges as the oxygen in her body was all but used up. Don'trnyou dare give up now! The voice in her head screamed at her. Who wasrnshe to argue? Pullingrnthe wire to her mouth she began to gnaw at it. She felt a distantrnpain in the palms of her hands, no doubt friction burns. But thernvoice in her head told her to ignore it and keep going at the wire. Arnmoment later she felt a new pain. Not in her hands, but in her mouth.rnIt felt like something had bitten her tongue. Somethingrnelse struck her as odd; she was moving! She brokernthe surface of the water, reflex forcing her to retch and then inhalerndeeply several times, expelling the fluid from her lungs and drawingrnin oxygen. Everything hurt. Everything was pain. But pain was good.rnIt meant she was still alive. As shernturned in the current of that great torrent she found herself facingrndownstream… and heading straight towards a very large waterfall. \"Ohrnjoy!\" In thernnext instant Rita found herself experience weightlessness, and thatrnterrible gut-wrenching feeling that marked the anticipation of arnlong, fast plummet. \"AAAH!\"rnShe cried, closing her eyes, not daring to look down. She onlyrnreopened them when she realised that the falling sensation she'drnexpected wasn't there, \"Hold the phone.\" She lookedrndown. Was the bottom of the cistern getting further away, or was herrnmind just playing tricks on her? It must have been the oxygenrndeprivation. \"Yargh!\"rnRita cried, finding herself twirled around and upside down. Thernparachute plastic bag was above her, inflated and floating upwards inrnthe warm updraft provided by whatever chemical reactions were takingrnplace in that barely visible pool far below her. She grasped at thernhandle, realising that she was twirling because the rope around herrnwas unravelling. \"Oh,rnsure, now you come loose.\" She rolled her eyes sarcastically.rnThe bag tugged her upwards roughly, urging her to concentrate andrnhold on tight. In lessrntime than it took to blink she suddenly found herself in the openrnair. \"Ohrnwow!\" She gasped in awe. The viewrnwas stunning. Spreading out in all directions as far as the eye couldrnsee, the sprawling human city of London. She had seen pictures of itrnback home in the decayed remnants of maps, postcards and otherrntrinkets washed into the sewers. Even the city of Ratropolisrnresembled it. But nothing could have prepared her for the sheer scopernof it all. It tookrnher breath away. But shernrealised that she faced one other major problem, \"How on Earthrndo I get down?\" \"Craw!\" Rita'srnears twitched. She jerked her head around, startled, trying to findrnwhat and where the source of the sound was. Her movement caused herrnto spin, giving her the full circle view of the surroundings. Arnlittle way off, with a bit more altitude than she had, was a largernblack and white bird. A magpie, she soon realised. It was workingrnhard to gain altitude, and it's gaze was locked firmly on her. \"Probablyrnjust curious…\" she thought aloud. Magpies weren't exactly thernkind of bird that went after rats and mice, but the sight of onerndangling from a British Airways carrier bag would have grabbed thernattention of just about anything, even the most disinterested orrnindifferent observer. \"Craw!\"rnIt called out again. Rita didn't speak bird, but that sure didrnsound aggravated and mennacing. A glint ofrnlight caught her in the eye, making her wince and breaking her trainrnof thought. Where had that come from? She looked away from thernmagpie, gazing downwards. It happened again; a bright gleam, with arnslight red tint to it. As she continued to turn it dimmed down enoughrnfor her to get a good look. It was coming from her pocket. \"Thernruby!\" With all the commotion she'd completely forgotten aboutrnit. Rita reached down to take the ruby out of her pocket, bringing itrnup for a closer inspection, \"Phew!\" She sighed with relief. \"Craw!\"rnShe heard again. And it sounded much closer than before. Too close. Her headrnjerked up, and there was the magpie, diving straight towards her!rnIt's gaze was locked firmly on her. Wait, no… Something else. Herrnhand? No, wait… The ruby. Ritarnrealised her mistake. Magpies and shiny objects. \"Uh-oh.\" It's feetrnwere outstretched, ready to grab at the precious stone she heldrnaloft. It still twinkled in the sunlight. There was no way for Ritarnto move out of the way in time; the bag was just too slow. Thernmagpie; too fast to change course. There wasrnonly one thing to do. Rita letrngo of the bag. Roddy StrnJames was what most would consider a pampered pet. He'd never trulyrngone wanting for as long as he could remember, his owner – Tabitharnand her family – giving him anything that he could possibly need.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer:rnRoddy, Rita and the entire Flushed Away cast, story and universe as arnwhole are the intellectual property of DeamWorks/Aardman. They, asrnwell as any references to the film, are used without permissionrnpurely for the purposes of entertainment. This plot does, however,rnbelong to me. It can be copied and pasted (should you choose to) asrnlong as the author (me) is credited, and this disclaimer remainsrnintact. FlushedrnAway: What if…?[Chapter 4] Disclaimer:rnRoddy, Rita and the entire Flushed Away cast, story and universe as arnwhole are the intellectual property of DeamWorks/Aardman. They, asrnwell as any references to the film, are used without permissionrnpurely for the purposes of entertainment. This plot does, however,rnbelong to me. It can be copied and pasted (should you choose to) asrnlong as the author (me) is credited, and this disclaimer remainsrnintact. FlushedrnAway: What if…?[Chapter 5] Disclaimer:rnRoddy, Rita and the entire Flushed Away cast, story and universe as arnwhole are the intellectual property of DeamWorks/Aardman. They, asrnwell as any references to the film, are used without permissionrnpurely for the purposes of entertainment. This plot does, however,rnbelong to me. It can be copied and pasted (should you choose to) asrnlong as the author (me) is credited, and this disclaimer remainsrnintact. FlushedrnAway: What if…?[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: Roddy, Rita and the entire Flushed Away cast, story and universe as a whole are the intellectual property of DeamWorks/Aardman Disclaimer: Roddy, Rita and the entire Flushed Away cast, story and universe as a whole are the intellectual property of DeamWorks/Aardman. They, as well as any references to the film, are used without permission purely for the purposes of entertainment. This plot does, however, belong to me. It can be copied and pasted (should you choose to) as long as the author (me) is credited, and this disclaimer remains intact. Flushed Away: What if…? Part Six Roddy found himself in what he could only describe as the most unusual situation of his life to date. He was hanging, upside-down, on a line cast from one end on the shore, to the other end tied to what he hoped was a boat. The whole world was the wrong way up. But it wasn't the compromising position that left him disorientated. It was the fast-flowing water barely a few centimetres below his head. He gulped loudly, although the sound was drowned out by the rush of the water. Closing his eyes for a moment alleviated the dizziness. When he opened them again, he made sure not to look down, but dead ahead. Thick rubber soles, Union flag trousers, long pink tail…. Rita seemed to be doing a much better job of this than he was. But then, this kind of activity did seem to be her sort of thing. Still, at least the view wasn't too bad. \"How are you holding up back there?\" Rita's voice interrupted his thoughts. Roddy nodded in reply, only at that point realising that she wasn't looking back, \"Oh, not too bad, actually.\" He hoped his voice hadn't betrayed him, \"It's just a shame there isn't an easier way to do this.\" He added with a nervous laugh. \"It's not too far now,\" Rita reassured him, then added jokingly, \"So you could swim from here if you like.\" Roddy looked along the length of rope before them. The boat, still in shadow – although much more easily distinguishable than before – wasn't much further way. But, at this point, the water was far more turbulent than before. \"I'd rather not.\" He confessed earnestly. \"Well then.\" Rita pulled herself along even further, \"Let's keep going.\" Much to his surprise, Spike found that the water at the bottom of the cistern wasn't as bad as it looked. It didn't burn because of the chemicals. It didn't boil him like a new potato. If anything, it felt more like a hot-tub. There was a slight current off to one side, where the water was being gently sucked into another inlet. Spike wondered where it led to, but thought better than to try and find out. \"You OK down there, Spike?\" He heard Whitey shout from a long way above. A quick check gave him the answer. Two arms, two legs, one tail, one head…. \"Yeah, I'm fine Whitey!\" There was a slight splash off to the side, which he soon realised was a rope. There were several dubious looking knots more or less evenly spaced along it's length, clearly where they'd tied the shorter lengths together in order for it to reach him. \"Grab hold!\" Thimblenose Ted's voice permeated the violence of the waterfalls as they crashed into the pool, \"We haven't got all day!\" Spike rolled his eyes, deciding to save time by not responding and simply tying the rope around his waist. A couple of tugs indicated that he was ready for the ascent, and he soon found himself lifted clear of the water. Looking on as his four comrades in crime hoisted him out of the water, Spike couldn't help but notice that they'd tied off themselves – and the rope from which he now dangled – with the line from the Dodger to the end of the tunnel. Even if they dropped him, none of them could fall. \"Why didn't we think of that before?\" He muttered, to no-one in particular. The deck rocked back and forth below Roddy's feet, and he was forced to swallow hard in order to steel himself against a growing sense of nausea rising in the pit of his stomach. The green tint that washed over his face wasn't lost on Rita, \"First time on a boat, huh?\" Roddy nodded, gulping, \"Uh-huh.\" \"Don't worry, it'll pass\" She reassured him, taking the time to check out every possible hiding place on her boat for intruders. There were none, but that still left the question of the line they'd just crawled along. Roddy held firmly onto the side of the boat, \"Really? How long does it take?\" \"Usually?\" Rita cleared her throat, taking up position at the helm and doing her pre-launch checks, \"A while…\" Roddy decided it best to just swallow and bear it. He knew that the more he thought about it, the worse it would be. So he needed a distraction. And Rita was it. He closely watched every move she made as she prepped the vessel, twiddled the controls, tested the helm. It seemed she was being awfully thorough. \"Is everything alright?\" Roddy asked, partially curious, partially concerned. Rita turned to look at him, an eyebrow raised questioningly, \"What makes you ask?\" Roddy noted the avoidance of the question, \"Well, you just seem to be doing…. Whatever it is that you're doing…. Awfully thoroughly.\" Rita gave off a slightly bemused chuckle which Roddy found strangely reassuring. \"Don't worry so much.\" She returned to the last check, \"The boat won't sink from under you, you know.\" Taking Roddy by surprise, Rita jumped down from the cockpit to the deck with a loud thud, taking the engine chain in her hands and giving it a firm yank. The first couple of efforts proved fruitless, but the third yielded a reassuring splutter from the lower decks. A small plume of black smoke emerged from the chimney stack. \"You almost had it that time.\" Roddy leaned back against the side of the boat. \"Almost,\" Rita nodded, \"Could you give me a hand?\" Stepping forwards purposefully, he rolled up his sleeves and adorned a serious, businesslike look, \"Aye skipper. How can I help?\" Rita rested her hands on her belt, smirking at him with a slight scoff. She watched as he rubbed his hands together determinedly. \"Hold your horses, matey. I need you to go into the cockpit and work the throttle for me.\" Roddy saluted, kicking his feet together and standing to attention. He then turned on his heels and quick-marched over to the controls. Looking over them, they all seemed so confusing, so foreign, so… alien. Not surprising since he'd never piloted a boat before. \"Um…\" He looked back over his shoulder, \"Which one's the throttle?\" Rita rolled her eyes, \"It's the big grey lever.\" \"And what do you want me to do with it?\" \"Yank it out and throw it overboard.\" \"Right-o Capt- wait, what?\" he looked at her and blinked. Rita couldn't stifle the giggles as they erupted, \"It's a throttle, Roddy. What do you think you do with it?\" \"Throttle it?\" He offered earnestly. Narrowing her eyes, Rita tried to figure out if he was being serious or not. The slight tremor in the corner of his mouth – clearly trying not to grin – gave him away. \"OK, mister smarty-pants, just pull on that lever when I tell you to, or else it's the long walk for you.\" \"Long walk?\" \"A long walk off a short pier.\" Roddy saluted, \"Yes Ma'am.\" And turned back to his duties. Rita chuckled lightly. Having a first mate was turning out to be more fun than she'd expected. \"OK, and… Pull!\" Spike and the others were all safely out of the water. Securely tied to the Dodger, somewhere up the tunnel and out of sight, the small henchrat allowed himself to glance down into the depths of the cistern once again. Despite the warm updrafts from the water below, Spike felt a sinister chill run up his spine. Had he really come that far? \"Guys,\" Thimblenose Ted broke Spike's train of though, \"Look at the rope.\" The direction he was pointing followed the line to the Dodger, which kept growing taut and then slack with regular frequency. Following the length to the tied-off end, the simple knot which had secured it was clearly working loose with each stressful jolt it received. \"What d'you think's causing that?\" Whitey asked, puzzled. Spike had realised it in an instant, \"Rita…\" he said beneath his breath. One more jolt, and the knot securing the line came loose. \"Hold your breath, lads.\" Spike warned, mustering a little courage that he thought ought to be beyond him at that point, \"This is gonna get rough!\" \"C'mon, damnit!\" Rita grumbled in frustration as she forced the Dodger's throttle to full force, \"Why aren't you moving?\" Even at full thrust, the little ship had remained immobile. True, the currents that were pulling the boat backwards were strong, but when she'd come down initially it hadn't required full throttle to hold that position. By any measure, they should have been pulling upstream. So what was wrong? Broken impeller? No, she could hear it. Grounded? Not likely in this current. No, something was definitely amiss. \"Um, Rita?\" Roddy's voice broke in. \"Nor now, Roddy.\" She waved her hand without even turning back to look, \"I'm trying to get us moving.\" \"But Rita…\" There was a slight whine to his tone, mixed in with a little pleading. It was enough to grab her attention. \"What is it?\" She turned, rolling her eyes in the process. Roddy pointed to a line cast from the stern, flapping about in the water as it was put under the strain of the boat, \"What's this?\" Rita was about to answer, when suddenly it went slack, as if cut. The Dodger suddenly jerked forwards, free of whatever obstruction the rope had symbolised. Rita managed to maintain her balance at the helm, turning back to steer the boat. She heard a soft thud, and assumed it was Roddy falling. \"Whatever that was, we're free now.\" She pushed the throttle forwards again, allowing them to power through the turbulent crosscurrents. Progress was comparatively slow, but they were moving in the right direction. The sound of Roddy picking himself up and dusting off was barely audible over the roar of the water, but at least that meant he was fine. That came as a slight relief. Not that he could really do himself much harm just falling on the deck, though. Unless he managed to end up overboard, but Rita doubted he'd venture to the sides of the boat until he got his sea-legs. \"Anything I can do to help?\" came an unexpected offer from the gentleman rat. \"Um…\" The offer had taken her by surprise, \"Ok. Sure. See that line at the front?\" she pointed to the one that had given the Dodger purchase on the wrought iron bars. Roddy nodded, then realised she couldn't see him, given she was still looking forwards, \"Yes?\" \"Think you could manage to reel that in as we pass through the bars?\" Nodding confidently – or at least, in an attempt to breath some confidence into himself – Roddy stepped forwards without so much as a word. Having a ship-hand was already proving very useful, Rita thought, allowing a slight smile to spread across her lips. She realised just how often she was allowing that to happen. Whitey was confused, bordering on alarmed. One minute he'd been standing safe and secured on a cross-pipe, dry, warm and secure. Now, he found himself being dragged slowly upstream, in cold, rampant waters. He was glad for the rope, stopping him from following that current back into that ever so long fall. A spluttering voice, filled not just with water, but with a slight lacing of fear could vaguely be made out over the ambient roar, \"Whitey! Grab the rope!\" Which rope? He could make out several; one for each of the rats being drawn in the Dodger's wake, and the main line that represented the main reason they were moving in the right direction. Wait, maybe that was it? Their best way out of this was back aboard the boat. That meant pull on the big line. With grim determination, Whitey reached with both hands for the rope. \"OK, I've got it!\" Roddy called back to the cockpit as he reeled the line around his arm. The rope was deceptively thin, betraying little of the strength that it must have had to hold strong against the forces of the current. It was strange. He certainly wouldn't have put his life in the hands of this old, rotted length. But then again, he wasn't an experienced mariner. Rita, on the other hand… He hadn't been around her that long, but he was already feeling a strong sense of respect for the streetwise attitude she had shown so-far. At any rate, it certainly put him to shame. \"Cheers, Roddy!\" She called back from the helm gratefully, \"Just wrap it up and toss it below!\" \"Aye aye, skipper!\" He saluted with elaborate vigour. He noted as she rolled her eyes with a slight smirk. He felt one of his own cross his lips. Back to the task in hand, he soon had the rope wound around his elbow in a neat coil. Moving back from the bow, towards the ladder that led into the hold, he tossed it listlessly, satisfied that it had ended up in the right place when he heard the dull thud and none of the accompanying sounds of catastrophe that he'd half-expected. Rubbing his hands together as if cleaning them off, he looked up again. The Dodger was well clear of the iron bars now, almost to the mouth of the tunnel. The current, whilst still strong, was measurably calmer now if their rate of progress was anything to go by. Even the roar seemed to have subsided a little bit. As he moved to look forwards again, something caught his attention out of the corner of his eye, forcing him to do a double take. There was something attached to them via the stern-rope that he and Rita has dismissed from their thoughts after they'd worked their way free. And whatever it was, it seemed to be gaining on them. \"Rita?\" This time she looked back without question or protest. Roddy simply pointed aft. He watched as Rita squinted, trying to focus better on the object. \"What the heck is that?\" She asked. \"You don't know?\" Roddy was puzzled. It was, after all, her ship. He'd assumed it was her line too. \"Not a clue.\" She admitted, blinking, then squinting to see a second time, \"Wait, it seems to be moving. Roddy nodded. \"Wait a minute…\" Rita shook her head in disbelief, \"It can't be!\" \"Can't be what?\" \"Rats!\" By now, all of the henchrats had gained purchase on Whitey as he reeled them in. They held on tightly, and it just made the job harder for him, but he didn't let it stop him. He wanted to be on dry ground as much as any rat did. \"I think they've seen us!\" The shrill voice behind him made him jerk, almost losing his grip. Looking up, he noticed the two figures on the boat looking in their direction. One, dressed in green, stood at the helm. Whitey recognised Rita instantly. The second, apparently wearing a white shirt and black trousers, was close to the aft of the small vessel. He also noted, with alarm, that it was working to untie the end of the rope. \"Rats?\" Roddy questioned in disbelief, \"How did rats get attached to your boat?\" \"I don't know!\" Rita replied tersely, \"But we have to shake them! Quick, untie the rope!\" Leaping quickly into action, he dived for the stern. His hands were on the line in an instant, trying to undo what looked like an organised chaos of tangled rope. It was an absolute mess. Whoever had done it clearly didn't want it undoing. Every time he loosened a bit of it, another bit tightened. He soon found himself going in circles. And every moment was one more wasted. Roddy had no idea who these rats were, but Rita was clearly not eager to meet them. And that was reason enough for him to feel the same. To his dismay, the knot just wouldn't budge. \"I can't get it open!\" He called back to the cockpit with alarm. He glared at the rope, hoping that would somehow force it into submission. But, being a rope, it remained impervious to such intimidation. \"Then cut it off with something!\" Looking around frantically, he saw a blunt pair of scissors secured to the back of the cockpit. They looked old and blunt, but it was better than nothing. Desperation filling his every move, he pounced on the opportunity, prising the means to cut the rope free of their restraints and heading back to the line. Gripping each of the oversized finger-holes tightly in both hands, he lined them up with the rope. He was just about to cut, when, \"I wouldn't be doin' that if I was you.\" Roddy looked up slowly. Standing – no, towering – over him was without a doubt the largest Rat he had ever laid eyes on. It was well dressed in an albeit wet suit, dripping dirty green water onto the deck. Each of it's arms were as thick as Roddy's own body, and he couldn't fully stifle the yelp that came from his lips. Roddy also noted with discomfort the four other rats accompanying this big, white brute. \"Um, R-Rita?\" Roddy said in a highish voice. \"Just cut the rope, Roddy!\" Rita was concentrating hard on steering the Dodger clear of the rapids, so she hadn't yet seen what was going on in the aft quarters. \"You may want to see this…\" came the hushed response. \"Look, I'm a little busy trying to steer us clear of disaster,\" she turned her head, \"So if you could just-\" she fell silent. \"Hello Rita.\" Spike said with a malicious grin. \"Oh shi-\" The sound of a collision cut Rita short. Several of the rat forms were sent flying through the air as the Dodger came to a violent halt. Then, all hell broke loose. End of Part Six Sorry that took so long to get out. I can honestly say that it's been time constraints that have stopped me progressing with this story, rather than writer's block. It's all down in my mind, so it's just a case of transferring it to the computer. If any of you could build a mind-machine interface, I'd be very much obliged! The next chapter is underway. I should have it finished within the next week or two, so it'll be along in short order. Watch this space! And thanks for reading.","LastChapter":"Disclaimer: Roddy, Rita and the entire Flushed Away cast, story and universe as a whole are the intellectual property of DeamWorks/Aardman Disclaimer: Roddy, Rita and the entire Flushed Away cast, story and universe as a whole are the intellectual property of DeamWorks/Aardman. They, as well as any references to the film, are used without permission purely for the purposes of entertainment. This plot does, however, belong to me. It can be copied and pasted (should you choose to) as long as the author (me) is credited, and this disclaimer remains intact. Flushed Away: What if…? Part Six Roddy found himself in what he could only describe as the most unusual situation of his life to date. He was hanging, upside-down, on a line cast from one end on the shore, to the other end tied to what he hoped was a boat. The whole world was the wrong way up. But it wasn't the compromising position that left him disorientated. It was the fast-flowing water barely a few centimetres below his head. He gulped loudly, although the sound was drowned out by the rush of the water. Closing his eyes for a moment alleviated the dizziness. When he opened them again, he made sure not to look down, but dead ahead. Thick rubber soles, Union flag trousers, long pink tail…. Rita seemed to be doing a much better job of this than he was. But then, this kind of activity did seem to be her sort of thing. Still, at least the view wasn't too bad. \"How are you holding up back there?\" Rita's voice interrupted his thoughts. Roddy nodded in reply, only at that point realising that she wasn't looking back, \"Oh, not too bad, actually.\" He hoped his voice hadn't betrayed him, \"It's just a shame there isn't an easier way to do this.\" He added with a nervous laugh. \"It's not too far now,\" Rita reassured him, then added jokingly, \"So you could swim from here if you like.\" Roddy looked along the length of rope before them. The boat, still in shadow – although much more easily distinguishable than before – wasn't much further way. But, at this point, the water was far more turbulent than before. \"I'd rather not.\" He confessed earnestly. \"Well then.\" Rita pulled herself along even further, \"Let's keep going.\" Much to his surprise, Spike found that the water at the bottom of the cistern wasn't as bad as it looked. It didn't burn because of the chemicals. It didn't boil him like a new potato. If anything, it felt more like a hot-tub. There was a slight current off to one side, where the water was being gently sucked into another inlet. Spike wondered where it led to, but thought better than to try and find out. \"You OK down there, Spike?\" He heard Whitey shout from a long way above. A quick check gave him the answer. Two arms, two legs, one tail, one head…. \"Yeah, I'm fine Whitey!\" There was a slight splash off to the side, which he soon realised was a rope. There were several dubious looking knots more or less evenly spaced along it's length, clearly where they'd tied the shorter lengths together in order for it to reach him. \"Grab hold!\" Thimblenose Ted's voice permeated the violence of the waterfalls as they crashed into the pool, \"We haven't got all day!\" Spike rolled his eyes, deciding to save time by not responding and simply tying the rope around his waist. A couple of tugs indicated that he was ready for the ascent, and he soon found himself lifted clear of the water. Looking on as his four comrades in crime hoisted him out of the water, Spike couldn't help but notice that they'd tied off themselves – and the rope from which he now dangled – with the line from the Dodger to the end of the tunnel. Even if they dropped him, none of them could fall. \"Why didn't we think of that before?\" He muttered, to no-one in particular. The deck rocked back and forth below Roddy's feet, and he was forced to swallow hard in order to steel himself against a growing sense of nausea rising in the pit of his stomach. The green tint that washed over his face wasn't lost on Rita, \"First time on a boat, huh?\" Roddy nodded, gulping, \"Uh-huh.\" \"Don't worry, it'll pass\" She reassured him, taking the time to check out every possible hiding place on her boat for intruders. There were none, but that still left the question of the line they'd just crawled along. Roddy held firmly onto the side of the boat, \"Really? How long does it take?\" \"Usually?\" Rita cleared her throat, taking up position at the helm and doing her pre-launch checks, \"A while…\" Roddy decided it best to just swallow and bear it. He knew that the more he thought about it, the worse it would be. So he needed a distraction. And Rita was it. He closely watched every move she made as she prepped the vessel, twiddled the controls, tested the helm. It seemed she was being awfully thorough. \"Is everything alright?\" Roddy asked, partially curious, partially concerned. Rita turned to look at him, an eyebrow raised questioningly, \"What makes you ask?\" Roddy noted the avoidance of the question, \"Well, you just seem to be doing…. Whatever it is that you're doing…. Awfully thoroughly.\" Rita gave off a slightly bemused chuckle which Roddy found strangely reassuring. \"Don't worry so much.\" She returned to the last check, \"The boat won't sink from under you, you know.\" Taking Roddy by surprise, Rita jumped down from the cockpit to the deck with a loud thud, taking the engine chain in her hands and giving it a firm yank. The first couple of efforts proved fruitless, but the third yielded a reassuring splutter from the lower decks. A small plume of black smoke emerged from the chimney stack. \"You almost had it that time.\" Roddy leaned back against the side of the boat. \"Almost,\" Rita nodded, \"Could you give me a hand?\" Stepping forwards purposefully, he rolled up his sleeves and adorned a serious, businesslike look, \"Aye skipper. How can I help?\" Rita rested her hands on her belt, smirking at him with a slight scoff. She watched as he rubbed his hands together determinedly. \"Hold your horses, matey. I need you to go into the cockpit and work the throttle for me.\" Roddy saluted, kicking his feet together and standing to attention. He then turned on his heels and quick-marched over to the controls. Looking over them, they all seemed so confusing, so foreign, so… alien. Not surprising since he'd never piloted a boat before. \"Um…\" He looked back over his shoulder, \"Which one's the throttle?\" Rita rolled her eyes, \"It's the big grey lever.\" \"And what do you want me to do with it?\" \"Yank it out and throw it overboard.\" \"Right-o Capt- wait, what?\" he looked at her and blinked. Rita couldn't stifle the giggles as they erupted, \"It's a throttle, Roddy. What do you think you do with it?\" \"Throttle it?\" He offered earnestly. Narrowing her eyes, Rita tried to figure out if he was being serious or not. The slight tremor in the corner of his mouth – clearly trying not to grin – gave him away. \"OK, mister smarty-pants, just pull on that lever when I tell you to, or else it's the long walk for you.\" \"Long walk?\" \"A long walk off a short pier.\" Roddy saluted, \"Yes Ma'am.\" And turned back to his duties. Rita chuckled lightly. Having a first mate was turning out to be more fun than she'd expected. \"OK, and… Pull!\" Spike and the others were all safely out of the water. Securely tied to the Dodger, somewhere up the tunnel and out of sight, the small henchrat allowed himself to glance down into the depths of the cistern once again. Despite the warm updrafts from the water below, Spike felt a sinister chill run up his spine. Had he really come that far? \"Guys,\" Thimblenose Ted broke Spike's train of though, \"Look at the rope.\" The direction he was pointing followed the line to the Dodger, which kept growing taut and then slack with regular frequency. Following the length to the tied-off end, the simple knot which had secured it was clearly working loose with each stressful jolt it received. \"What d'you think's causing that?\" Whitey asked, puzzled. Spike had realised it in an instant, \"Rita…\" he said beneath his breath. One more jolt, and the knot securing the line came loose. \"Hold your breath, lads.\" Spike warned, mustering a little courage that he thought ought to be beyond him at that point, \"This is gonna get rough!\" \"C'mon, damnit!\" Rita grumbled in frustration as she forced the Dodger's throttle to full force, \"Why aren't you moving?\" Even at full thrust, the little ship had remained immobile. True, the currents that were pulling the boat backwards were strong, but when she'd come down initially it hadn't required full throttle to hold that position. By any measure, they should have been pulling upstream. So what was wrong? Broken impeller? No, she could hear it. Grounded? Not likely in this current. No, something was definitely amiss. \"Um, Rita?\" Roddy's voice broke in. \"Nor now, Roddy.\" She waved her hand without even turning back to look, \"I'm trying to get us moving.\" \"But Rita…\" There was a slight whine to his tone, mixed in with a little pleading. It was enough to grab her attention. \"What is it?\" She turned, rolling her eyes in the process. Roddy pointed to a line cast from the stern, flapping about in the water as it was put under the strain of the boat, \"What's this?\" Rita was about to answer, when suddenly it went slack, as if cut. The Dodger suddenly jerked forwards, free of whatever obstruction the rope had symbolised. Rita managed to maintain her balance at the helm, turning back to steer the boat. She heard a soft thud, and assumed it was Roddy falling. \"Whatever that was, we're free now.\" She pushed the throttle forwards again, allowing them to power through the turbulent crosscurrents. Progress was comparatively slow, but they were moving in the right direction. The sound of Roddy picking himself up and dusting off was barely audible over the roar of the water, but at least that meant he was fine. That came as a slight relief. Not that he could really do himself much harm just falling on the deck, though. Unless he managed to end up overboard, but Rita doubted he'd venture to the sides of the boat until he got his sea-legs. \"Anything I can do to help?\" came an unexpected offer from the gentleman rat. \"Um…\" The offer had taken her by surprise, \"Ok. Sure. See that line at the front?\" she pointed to the one that had given the Dodger purchase on the wrought iron bars. Roddy nodded, then realised she couldn't see him, given she was still looking forwards, \"Yes?\" \"Think you could manage to reel that in as we pass through the bars?\" Nodding confidently – or at least, in an attempt to breath some confidence into himself – Roddy stepped forwards without so much as a word. Having a ship-hand was already proving very useful, Rita thought, allowing a slight smile to spread across her lips. She realised just how often she was allowing that to happen. Whitey was confused, bordering on alarmed. One minute he'd been standing safe and secured on a cross-pipe, dry, warm and secure. Now, he found himself being dragged slowly upstream, in cold, rampant waters. He was glad for the rope, stopping him from following that current back into that ever so long fall. A spluttering voice, filled not just with water, but with a slight lacing of fear could vaguely be made out over the ambient roar, \"Whitey! Grab the rope!\" Which rope? He could make out several; one for each of the rats being drawn in the Dodger's wake, and the main line that represented the main reason they were moving in the right direction. Wait, maybe that was it? Their best way out of this was back aboard the boat. That meant pull on the big line. With grim determination, Whitey reached with both hands for the rope. \"OK, I've got it!\" Roddy called back to the cockpit as he reeled the line around his arm. The rope was deceptively thin, betraying little of the strength that it must have had to hold strong against the forces of the current. It was strange. He certainly wouldn't have put his life in the hands of this old, rotted length. But then again, he wasn't an experienced mariner. Rita, on the other hand… He hadn't been around her that long, but he was already feeling a strong sense of respect for the streetwise attitude she had shown so-far. At any rate, it certainly put him to shame. \"Cheers, Roddy!\" She called back from the helm gratefully, \"Just wrap it up and toss it below!\" \"Aye aye, skipper!\" He saluted with elaborate vigour. He noted as she rolled her eyes with a slight smirk. He felt one of his own cross his lips. Back to the task in hand, he soon had the rope wound around his elbow in a neat coil. Moving back from the bow, towards the ladder that led into the hold, he tossed it listlessly, satisfied that it had ended up in the right place when he heard the dull thud and none of the accompanying sounds of catastrophe that he'd half-expected. Rubbing his hands together as if cleaning them off, he looked up again. The Dodger was well clear of the iron bars now, almost to the mouth of the tunnel. The current, whilst still strong, was measurably calmer now if their rate of progress was anything to go by. Even the roar seemed to have subsided a little bit. As he moved to look forwards again, something caught his attention out of the corner of his eye, forcing him to do a double take. There was something attached to them via the stern-rope that he and Rita has dismissed from their thoughts after they'd worked their way free. And whatever it was, it seemed to be gaining on them. \"Rita?\" This time she looked back without question or protest. Roddy simply pointed aft. He watched as Rita squinted, trying to focus better on the object. \"What the heck is that?\" She asked. \"You don't know?\" Roddy was puzzled. It was, after all, her ship. He'd assumed it was her line too. \"Not a clue.\" She admitted, blinking, then squinting to see a second time, \"Wait, it seems to be moving. Roddy nodded. \"Wait a minute…\" Rita shook her head in disbelief, \"It can't be!\" \"Can't be what?\" \"Rats!\" By now, all of the henchrats had gained purchase on Whitey as he reeled them in. They held on tightly, and it just made the job harder for him, but he didn't let it stop him. He wanted to be on dry ground as much as any rat did. \"I think they've seen us!\" The shrill voice behind him made him jerk, almost losing his grip. Looking up, he noticed the two figures on the boat looking in their direction. One, dressed in green, stood at the helm. Whitey recognised Rita instantly. The second, apparently wearing a white shirt and black trousers, was close to the aft of the small vessel. He also noted, with alarm, that it was working to untie the end of the rope. \"Rats?\" Roddy questioned in disbelief, \"How did rats get attached to your boat?\" \"I don't know!\" Rita replied tersely, \"But we have to shake them! Quick, untie the rope!\" Leaping quickly into action, he dived for the stern. His hands were on the line in an instant, trying to undo what looked like an organised chaos of tangled rope. It was an absolute mess. Whoever had done it clearly didn't want it undoing. Every time he loosened a bit of it, another bit tightened. He soon found himself going in circles. And every moment was one more wasted. Roddy had no idea who these rats were, but Rita was clearly not eager to meet them. And that was reason enough for him to feel the same. To his dismay, the knot just wouldn't budge. \"I can't get it open!\" He called back to the cockpit with alarm. He glared at the rope, hoping that would somehow force it into submission. But, being a rope, it remained impervious to such intimidation. \"Then cut it off with something!\" Looking around frantically, he saw a blunt pair of scissors secured to the back of the cockpit. They looked old and blunt, but it was better than nothing. Desperation filling his every move, he pounced on the opportunity, prising the means to cut the rope free of their restraints and heading back to the line. Gripping each of the oversized finger-holes tightly in both hands, he lined them up with the rope. He was just about to cut, when, \"I wouldn't be doin' that if I was you.\" Roddy looked up slowly. Standing – no, towering – over him was without a doubt the largest Rat he had ever laid eyes on. It was well dressed in an albeit wet suit, dripping dirty green water onto the deck. Each of it's arms were as thick as Roddy's own body, and he couldn't fully stifle the yelp that came from his lips. Roddy also noted with discomfort the four other rats accompanying this big, white brute. \"Um, R-Rita?\" Roddy said in a highish voice. \"Just cut the rope, Roddy!\" Rita was concentrating hard on steering the Dodger clear of the rapids, so she hadn't yet seen what was going on in the aft quarters. \"You may want to see this…\" came the hushed response. \"Look, I'm a little busy trying to steer us clear of disaster,\" she turned her head, \"So if you could just-\" she fell silent. \"Hello Rita.\" Spike said with a malicious grin. \"Oh shi-\" The sound of a collision cut Rita short. Several of the rat forms were sent flying through the air as the Dodger came to a violent halt. Then, all hell broke loose. End of Part Six Sorry that took so long to get out. I can honestly say that it's been time constraints that have stopped me progressing with this story, rather than writer's block. It's all down in my mind, so it's just a case of transferring it to the computer. If any of you could build a mind-machine interface, I'd be very much obliged! The next chapter is underway. I should have it finished within the next week or two, so it'll be along in short order. Watch this space! And thanks for reading.","Summary":" Welcome tornmy first Flushed Away fic. The premise for this came to me whenrnreading the director's","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Romance Adventure - Chapters: 6   - Words: 18,964 - Reviews: 19 - Favs: 18 - Follows: 15 - Updated: 5 11 2008 - Published: 2 24 2008 - id: 4093864 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"The Art of Ballet","Author":"HonourTOne","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1607613","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing that belongs to Center Stage. Author's note: The first time I saw Center Stage I was captivated. It is anwonderful movie that portrays a dancer's life well. Many other moviesn(e.g. Save the Last Dance) failed to do this. After all, when thousands ofndancers strive for years to be the best, only one will be chosen to benGissell (Gissell is the lead part in a major ballet. What I mean is that,nonly one person out of thousands will have the best part, unlike othernsports where you have many stars.) \"Ballerinas dance for their whole lives seeking only one thing: Perfection.n But in all these long years, they know that they will never have it.\" Mynteacher once told me. I was 13 years old and was in my 7th year of dance,nand third year of pointe. 'Naturally, those words have stuck with me tonthis day' I thought as I slowly walked in the dance room. It was 6no'clock, and it was still dark out. Other weary dancers came in behind me,nyawning excessively. Choosing my usual spot at the middle barre, I droppednby bags and sat down, groaning from my aching leg muscles. The Grandenbattemet the day before had done horrors to my muscles, but I liked thenfeel of it. I loved going to bed at night feeling like I had danced.nDanced something that left its mark. Taking out my hair box, where I kept bobby pins, scrunchies, etc., Inyawned once more. After finding a brush and a hair elastic I put my hairnup in a neat bun, then looked at myself in the mirror. It would not do forna ballerina to have loose hair strands. After putting away my hair box, Inkicked off my flip flops and stood up. I began to warm up a little, stillnin my warm up clothes: black shorts, leg warmers, and a tight black sweaternover my black leotard and pink convertible tights. My bare feet werencovered in tape and band aids. Small cuts and blisters seemed to appearneverywhere. After stretching my legs and arms I sat back down, andnrummaged through my Blocke bag for my pointe shoes. Upon pulling them out,nI realized that the ribbon attached to them was unraveling. 'Not good' Inthough, biting my lip. \"Hey, Chris, do you have your lighter?!\" I shouted across the roomnat Chris, a male dancer who had been with the company for 2 years. Yawningnslightly, he nodded yes and threw me a lighter out of his pocket. Inusually discouraged his smoking, since it hardly helped you dance better,nbut I was glad that he had his lighter today. Flicking the flame on, Inbrought it close to my ribbon and started to burn away the fibers that madenit unravel. When I was done, I threw it back at Chris, who was hit in thenhead with it. Chris rubbed his head and muttered how I never did have goodnaim as he put away his lighter, but was smiling none the less. After padding my feet and putting on my shoes, I stood up and begannto work my feet in them. They were old and beginning to lose theirnoriginal pink color. They were Chacotte Coppelia's, the only kind I everngot, and were very comfortable due to their age. Most dancers favor theirnold pointe shoes more highly than new ones. 'It's a pain in my ass to havento break in new ones.' I thought and smiled slightly. As I looked around the room, I noticed the sun had begun to come out,nand all the tired, yawning people had disappeared. They were replaced bynpeople who had a flame of passion in their eyes. You could see it flickernand grow brighter as the touched the barre and ran their fingers over it.nEvery dancer first began dancing on the barre. Its is our native land, andnmother. When your pirrorettes just couldn't make a triple, or yournglissades stopped gliding, you could always come to the barre. It wasnalways there. I smiled then, for the pure pleasure of it. No one but andancer knew that pleasure, that thrill you get as you flow through thenmusic and let yourself drown in it. \"Hey NYCB.\" Serge said as he drew nearer. He was smiling, despitenthe black circles under his eyes and bruises all over him from dance. Insmiled, then, at the mention of my nickname. I studied at the New YorknCity Ballet originally, but came here as a guest dancer to study for ancouple months. \"Stupid, friggin' shoes!\" I heard Eva yell from behind me. Shendropped her bags and began to fiddle with her pointe shoes, which seem tonhave been falling apart. \"Eva, we all love our oldest pointe shoes, but once they begin tonfall apart, you'll come to find that it's easier to break in new ones thannit is to break in Jonathon.\" I laughed slightly, and the others nearbynjoined in. Everyone knew that Jonathon got upset if our dance attirenwasn't in fairly good shape. \"Eva, you're wearing a Navy Blue leotard. Jonathon's going to benpissed.\" Jodie said as she walked up, yawning a little. Until Cooper gotnhis studio completed, Jodie decided to take classes here to stay in shape. \"Yeah, I know, but come on, it's dark enough.\" She reasoned as shencontinued to fix her shoes with a needle and thread. \"Black leotard, pink tights.\" Ana said a little arrogantly as shenjoined in. Ever since she got a solo in Jonathon's ballet last year, shenacted like she was the queen of dance. 'Snotty little bitch.' I thought tonmyself than began to smile. Eric noticed my smile and raised an eyebrow atnme. I pretended to have a fit of coughing. As Ana sat down to put on hernshoes, Eva gave her the finger, which immediately cracked us all up.nApparently getting the same idea as Ana looked at us, we all started haven'coughing fits.' Standing up, Ana brushed some dust off of her dance skirt, and said,n\"Have you seen the new dancer from San Francisco. Who the hell taught her?n Her turn out is horrible, especially in her foites.\" Ana continued tonspeak for several more minutes, regardless of our excessive yawns and eyenrolling. Thinking back to my thoughts of ballet perfection, I thought of anquote I once read: \"Ballet's image of perfection is fashioned among anmilieu of wracked bodies, Balkan Intrigue, and sulfurous hatreds wherenanything is likely and dancers know it.\" 'Too true' I thought and began to chuckle.nPost Script: Having been dancing for 9 years, I've come to learn somethingnabout ballet that can't be learned anywhere else. I can not describe it.nRather, I shall write about it.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: see previous one. Sorry for spelling mistakes. The frenchnpart of my ballet exams were never my favorite. :P \"Again!\" shouted my instructor. Tired, and ready to collapse, I slowlynwalked to the center of the room, breathing heavily. My feet ached and Inknew that I couldn't do it again. Not that dreaded combination. Thenoxygen was gone from my muscles and all that was left was useless flesh andnbone. Sighing, I placed my feet in fifth position, my arms in high fifth andnwaited for the music to begin. It didn't take long. Within 5 seconds, thenpiano started and so did my Hell that I also liked to refer to as mynHeaven. Develop, leap, triple piroette, and on and on it went. Thenthrill, the ecstasy, the- Floor? Apparently, my muscles decided to take a break of their own, and mynankle could no longer support itself. So, here I am, having fallen to thenfloor, my ankle hurting like hell, me ass hurting like hell, and onenteacher who was just dying to say 'again!' Bringing my right hand up to my forehead, I rubbed away sweat and tanglednhair from my face. I sighed, then, and began to stand up. \"Are you alright, Veronica?\" My teacher asked quietly. \"yes, I'm-\" I paused. Fine? No, I wasn't fine, and Lord knows that wouldn'tnget me out of this private dance session. \"I'm tired, Madam, and my anklenis swelling. May I be dismissed?\" With a slight nod, my teacher dismissed me. I picked up my bags, thenclothes spread about the room that I had discarded with frustration andnheat while I was dancing, and left. As I slowly walked up to my dorm, I thought about ballet. Not dance.nBallet. Ballet had a skill, a technique, nay a passion in it that belongednto no other type of dance. I embraced that passion like a lover, and yet Infound its Siren call that of a true siren. Sirens, the beautiful women whondrew men to their deaths. Was ballet just a beautiful art meant to draw usnto death with the pleasure it gives us? If so, what a wonderful way tondie. Smiling, I reached my dorm and went inside to find no one there. Setting down my bags and clothes, I went into my bathroom and pulled off myntights and leotard. I took a quick, warm shower to remove myself of thatnawful sweat. Upon getting out, I dressed in a NYCB sweater and baggynjeans. After digging around under my bed for my History textbook, I brought itnover to my desk. Just as I was ready to sit down, however, a knock uponnthe door interrupted my actions. Curious, I walked over to the door, andnopened it to find four smiling faces. Charlie, leaning against thendoorway, crossing his arms slightly; Jodie, with her hands slightly claspednin front of her; Eva, with one hand on her hip and an unlit cigarette innthe other; and Serge, with both arms crossed. Smiling, I crossed my arms and mockingly asked, \"yes, Satan?\" Lighting her cigarette, Eva said offhandedly, \"No, Anna's downstairs.\" Thenrest of us laughed, all having experienced Anna's bitchiness. Waving smoke from my face and coughing slightly, I managed to say, \"DearnGod, Eva, those are so bad for you. Dancers need to be healthy.\" Smiling, Jodie added, \"Get a new hobby.\" \"Yeah, like stamp collecting. It'll calm you right down!\" said Sergenlaughing. Smiling, and take in a puff of smoke, Eva said sarcastically, \"I hate younguys.\" \"Love you too, babe.\" Charlie added in. \"Excuse me?\" said Jodie. Faking a tantrum, she trotted off. Laughing, Charlie followed her begging her to forgive him. Me, Serge, and Eva all said, \"Aww,\" At the same time. Holding Charlie's hand, Jodie walked back up to us. \"True love is sonwonderful..\" Serge leaned against the wall and added, \"It's but a 8 letter word.\" Taking another puff of smoke and chuckling, Eva added, \"Yeah, well so isnbullshit.\" Eva, Charlie, Serge, and me all chuckled slightly, almost ready to burstnout laughing. Shaking her head and trying hard not to laugh Jodie said, \"Now I hate younguys.\" That was it! We tried and failed miserably. We burst out laughing. Wasnit really that funny? Perhaps not, but Jodie's face was enough to keep menlaughing for days. Walking into my room and throwing her cigarette out the window, Eva asked,n\"So where are we going tonight?\" \"We?\" I asked, raising my left eyebrow in amusement. Grabbing my arm Serge said, \"Yes, we.\" Jodie grabbed my other arm andnadded, \"Including you.\" Silently groaning, I gave in. \"You guys do remember what happened last time we went out right?\" I asked,nlaughing slightly and turning red in embarrassment. \"Yeah, it was masterful.\" Said Serge laughing. \"Yeah, I still have the tape. We made the morning news.\" Eva said. \"And Johnathon's Shit List.\" I added. \"So, Johnathon got a.bit.mad,\" said Charlie while he was hugging Jodie, \"Atnleast our company got more publicity, right?\" Knowing that both the battle and the war were over, I grumbled my way to myndresser, pulling out some clothes while throwing the Eva, Serge, Jodie, andnCharlie dirty looks. Then I went into the bathroom, hoping that if itnhappened again, I had better make more than the morning news.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: It never changes. And now, a few words from the author: I would first like to thank everyonenfor reading, no matter what you may have thought of it. Second, forgivenme, but I never much enjoyed the spelling parts of ballet. I always carednmore for how dancing made me feel rather than how it was actually spelled.nThird, I'm sorry if you don't like my writing style. I was always andetails type person, and as is such, I am a romanticist writer. Meaning, Infocus more on how something is written rather than what is means. If younthink this fanfic is bad, I urge you not to read my other one, which isnfull of psychological details. I am sorry I have been slacking off in writing. I am hardly one to benhalted with bad reviews; rather I was just too busy these past few months. Now, on to the fanfic, which I am going to have to make up as I go: Ever realize how your alarm clock sounds like the screams of the damned?nLike a mortal may sound as the fall into the jagged flames of roaring hellnfire? Like an angel ripped apart by a million demons, all with scorchingnhands and dagger nails? Or perhaps you realize that getting up at bloody 5 o'clock in the morningnmakes me feel all poetic and shit. Turning off my alarm, I laid in bed for a few moments, sighing. I was sontired from the class the night before, that I had to slap myself to wakenup. Slowly, I managed to sit up, yawning heavily. Hearing slightly mutednrock music from the bar across the street, still active from the party thatnwas suppose to end last night, I stood up and stretched. As I began to wash my hair in the shower, I began to question why in thenname of hell I decided to sign up for that extra history class onnSaturdays. I should use this day to sleep in and get over hangovers thatnmay or may not occur on the Friday before. True, it sounded like a goodnidea at the time. Renaissance history always fascinated me; I evennconsidered studying it over dance. But at five in the morning, almostneverything good sounds evil. 20 minutes later, both me and my dark-circles-under-the-good-ole-eyes werendressed and ready to leave. Exiting the building, I grabbed a cab, andnheaded to my class. 3 hours later... ...I had finally grabbed breakfast, finished the class and was on my way upnto my room when someone called my name. \"Veronica!\" Turning around, and almost losing my balance from having failed to noticenthe: Caution, wet floor sign, I spotted Eva running towards me, her darknhair loose about her shoulders. \"Hey Eva,\" I said as she came closer. Droping my heavy bag, full of books,nI studied her. She looked upset, but wasn't crying. A packet ofncigarettes was in one hand, one that was trembling, and a paper was in thenother. \"Read this!\" She shoved the paper under my nose. As I began to read it, Inslowly grabbed the paper myself. It read: Notice- The \"Scenes from Swan Lake\" showcase has been postponed for the time being.n All dancers that have a part in this piece are to meet Mr. Reeve's innstudio #3 at 5:30 tonight. Due to certain funding errors, the piece may bensubject to cancellation. Sincerely,nManagement. Looking up at Eva, I knew that I must have looked just as upset. \"This is bullshit. We worked on that piece for over 2 months now; thenboard approved its funding-\" Not sure of what thought to shout out, Inpicked a random one in my head. One that summed up all my thoughts prettynwell. \"Those bastards.\" Crumbling the piece of paper and throwing it away, I ran my right handnthrough my hair shakily. \"This is like my worst nightmare come true. My first solo piece and theynwant to fuck it up.\" Grabbing my bag, I turned swiftly and ran up to mynroom. Throwing my bag against the wall, I sat on my bed. I was crying-nsad. Just pissed off-sad. I needed something to hit, or kick, or, hell,njust beat up. Looking at the clock, I sighed. I had plenty of time to kill, and no gamen(things to hunt) was in site. Laying back on my bed, I sighed, feelingnvery pathetic. Seeing my closet wide open, one of the darkest parts of mynroom, I walked slowly over to it and sat down, tucking my knees to my chin. A soft knock came upon my door. What if I didn't answer? What if whoever was on the other side of that doornactually became worried and called for the police? And when the policenarrived they would find me clutching my knees cradling a mirror, in which Inlooked at myself over and over again with a very pathetic face. What ifnone of the policemen thought I was cute and we ended up dating awhile. Hisnname will probably be Ray, and he'll have dark hair and blue eyes. He'llnprobably get tired after a few months and we'll break up. Thinking thatnRay was an asshole and how I didn't want to meet my future boyfriend, Incrawled out of the closet and answered the door. The whole gang was standing outside of my door, in which I had to look upnat them from my very pathetic spot on the floor. \"Yes?\" I managed.[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: See previous ones. Author's note: While I readily endorse in receiving reviews, I'd like to remind my future reviewers that I don't give a lick whether you enjoy my writing style or not. Because it is indeed my fanfic, I feel that I have the right to put any spin or style I will to it. I don't come into your fanfics and tell you to do something completely different from your writing style, so don't do it to me. To paraphrase a reviewer: it's just polite that way. I'd also like to stress that I have studied the Romanticist period, art history, and well, European history from the 12th century through the 20th century in general. Romanticist writers still survive to day, so I'd like to remind my reviewers not to post false information, no matter how strong you get the urge to do so. I know very well what the period entailed, for indeed, two courses I took reviewed it. I found no romance in the idea of using a character from the movie as the main character, so please don't plague me with utter nonsense regarding my choice of character. Yes, I'm quite certain it has no plot, and have been amused by the idea for several months now. I'd also like to stress to my readers to disregard the suggestion that I spoke of psychological details in this story, as was wrongfully suggested. I merely stated that they existed in one of my other stories. Five thirty eventually drew near, though it took its pleasurable time doing so. Standing silently in dimly lit studio three, I gazed blankly out among my companions gathered, most of whom had taken to sitting on the floor, gathered in clumps of three or four. \"Sit down, Veronica,\" Eva quietly said, eyeing me with those dark brown eyes. Shaking my head, I declined. I never liked to sit. Especially not when something important was to commence. Coming up to my left side, Jodie pulled on a faded grey sweatshirt and eyed me with a gentle gaze. \"Calm down. I'm sure they won't cancel it....\" But it seemed as if the more she spoke, the more she was trying to convince herself, and no longer me, that it was true. That they wouldn't cancel it. Face carefully blank, I smiled slightly. \"Of course, Jodie.\" Growing silent after that, I watched Charlie enter the room with Eric at his side, slowly making their way over to the rest of us. Draping an arm over Jodie's shoulders, he quietly began to speak. It seemed as if to all of us, but he only looked into Jodie's blue gaze. \"I heard Mr. Reeves earlier arguing on the phone with the foundation director. He wants that funding so bad that he can almost taste it.\" Eva quietly cut in. \"But why do they want cut the ballet? This ballet hasn't been done for a while; it'll draw crowds.\" Eric rested a hand on her shoulder and squeezed it gently, reassuringly. \"Because there's always the risk that it won't. The last time they did this piece it backfired slightly-\" But at this point, Eva cut me off, her voice growing above the hush of the room. \"But that's because they put it together at the last moment.\" People slowly began to look over as her voice grew louder. \"We're well prepared this time.\" But, now Eric appeared to have been ready to speak. But he never had the chance. Just then, the doors swept open, and the light that flooded in from the hall, was blocked out as Mr. Reeves stepped into the room, and shut the double doors behind him. Clasping his hands loosely behind his back, he slowly walked over to us, seeming to weigh his thoughts very carefully. Looking up finally at all of us, he sighed. \"As you all know,\" he began firmly, but with a hint of sad tension, \"Funding for this piece is being cut. Our supporters feel that this ballet will not draw in enough crowds or incite enough attention. To be honest, and fair, it hasn't even received any recognition in the newspapers yet. While this is slightly unusually, I still feel that we can't pull out of this piece just yet. We've worked hard on this piece, and you are a wonderful cast, but I fear that our hope may be dwindling.\" Pausing, he looked us over with that weighted gaze before continuing. \"Thus, I have proposed this. We will finish this piece over the next five days. And will do a performance of it for the foundation on Friday night. Should they find it fit, and worthy, they will reconsider their decision. But unfortunately, this means that we will have to do several more scenes than I anticipated.\" At this point, murmurs began to break out. Frantic whispers about there being too little time; how they'd never make it; they weren't good enough. I frowned slightly at their comments. Well, who gives a damn? We have to pull this off or die trying. A little extreme, I reasoned with myself, but if you want to get something done, you have to go to extremes. Smiling bitterly almost, he eyed us once more before quietly heading to the door. \"I shall see you bright and early tomorrow morning.\" And with that, he opened the doors, left, and closed out the light, leaving us all very anxious.","LastChapter":"Disclaimer: See previous ones. Author's note: While I readily endorse in receiving reviews, I'd like to remind my future reviewers that I don't give a lick whether you enjoy my writing style or not. Because it is indeed my fanfic, I feel that I have the right to put any spin or style I will to it. I don't come into your fanfics and tell you to do something completely different from your writing style, so don't do it to me. To paraphrase a reviewer: it's just polite that way. I'd also like to stress that I have studied the Romanticist period, art history, and well, European history from the 12th century through the 20th century in general. Romanticist writers still survive to day, so I'd like to remind my reviewers not to post false information, no matter how strong you get the urge to do so. I know very well what the period entailed, for indeed, two courses I took reviewed it. I found no romance in the idea of using a character from the movie as the main character, so please don't plague me with utter nonsense regarding my choice of character. Yes, I'm quite certain it has no plot, and have been amused by the idea for several months now. I'd also like to stress to my readers to disregard the suggestion that I spoke of psychological details in this story, as was wrongfully suggested. I merely stated that they existed in one of my other stories. Five thirty eventually drew near, though it took its pleasurable time doing so. Standing silently in dimly lit studio three, I gazed blankly out among my companions gathered, most of whom had taken to sitting on the floor, gathered in clumps of three or four. \"Sit down, Veronica,\" Eva quietly said, eyeing me with those dark brown eyes. Shaking my head, I declined. I never liked to sit. Especially not when something important was to commence. Coming up to my left side, Jodie pulled on a faded grey sweatshirt and eyed me with a gentle gaze. \"Calm down. I'm sure they won't cancel it....\" But it seemed as if the more she spoke, the more she was trying to convince herself, and no longer me, that it was true. That they wouldn't cancel it. Face carefully blank, I smiled slightly. \"Of course, Jodie.\" Growing silent after that, I watched Charlie enter the room with Eric at his side, slowly making their way over to the rest of us. Draping an arm over Jodie's shoulders, he quietly began to speak. It seemed as if to all of us, but he only looked into Jodie's blue gaze. \"I heard Mr. Reeves earlier arguing on the phone with the foundation director. He wants that funding so bad that he can almost taste it.\" Eva quietly cut in. \"But why do they want cut the ballet? This ballet hasn't been done for a while; it'll draw crowds.\" Eric rested a hand on her shoulder and squeezed it gently, reassuringly. \"Because there's always the risk that it won't. The last time they did this piece it backfired slightly-\" But at this point, Eva cut me off, her voice growing above the hush of the room. \"But that's because they put it together at the last moment.\" People slowly began to look over as her voice grew louder. \"We're well prepared this time.\" But, now Eric appeared to have been ready to speak. But he never had the chance. Just then, the doors swept open, and the light that flooded in from the hall, was blocked out as Mr. Reeves stepped into the room, and shut the double doors behind him. Clasping his hands loosely behind his back, he slowly walked over to us, seeming to weigh his thoughts very carefully. Looking up finally at all of us, he sighed. \"As you all know,\" he began firmly, but with a hint of sad tension, \"Funding for this piece is being cut. Our supporters feel that this ballet will not draw in enough crowds or incite enough attention. To be honest, and fair, it hasn't even received any recognition in the newspapers yet. While this is slightly unusually, I still feel that we can't pull out of this piece just yet. We've worked hard on this piece, and you are a wonderful cast, but I fear that our hope may be dwindling.\" Pausing, he looked us over with that weighted gaze before continuing. \"Thus, I have proposed this. We will finish this piece over the next five days. And will do a performance of it for the foundation on Friday night. Should they find it fit, and worthy, they will reconsider their decision. But unfortunately, this means that we will have to do several more scenes than I anticipated.\" At this point, murmurs began to break out. Frantic whispers about there being too little time; how they'd never make it; they weren't good enough. I frowned slightly at their comments. Well, who gives a damn? We have to pull this off or die trying. A little extreme, I reasoned with myself, but if you want to get something done, you have to go to extremes. Smiling bitterly almost, he eyed us once more before quietly heading to the door. \"I shall see you bright and early tomorrow morning.\" And with that, he opened the doors, left, and closed out the light, leaving us all very anxious.","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing that belongs to Center Stage. Author's note: The first time I saw Center ","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Drama - Chapters: 4   - Words: 4,209 - Reviews: 23 - Favs: 16 - Follows: 13 - Updated: 10 1 2004 - Published: 11 19 2003 - id: 1607613 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Positive","Author":"Sam5","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/846447","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Charlie and Jody are at Jody's apartment. They are not dating anymore because of the hectic schedule. \"Charlie. I, uh..:\" Jody spoke, tears welling up in her eyes. \"I, I..\" \"Jody? What's the matter?' he said rushing to hold her. \"Charlie please don't.\" \"What, I can't hold you? Since when?\" \"I don't deserve it Charlie, I don't deserve you.\" \"Jody I-\" \"I have to go.\" Jody runs out of the room crying. Charlie is confused and rises to leave as well, but when getting up he sees something on the table. He walks over to it. Picks it up. \"A pregnancy test...\" Later- Jody has just returned from rehearsals and discovers Charlie is still there, holding her secret. \"I thought you'd gone.\" \"Why didn't you tell me.\" \"Because it's not your responsibility, and I understand. I understand if you don't want to see me anymore.\" \"Jody I wouldn't just..just.\" \"It's all right Charlie. You don't have to say anything. Just leave. I need to be alone\" she said gently. Charlie walked to the door and opened it. \"This doesn't make me love you any less you know.\" And the door shut. \"How am I gonna tell Cooper?\" THE NEXT DAY: Walking into the rehearsal hall Jody caught Cooper's eye. \"Jody!\" \"Hi. um, Cooper, do you have a minute?\" \"For you, of course.\" The walked outside of the room into the hall. Jody bit her lip in fear. \"What's up?\" he asked. \"Well, uh.I'm, I'm late and-\" \"Oh don't worry about it , we were running behind anyway.\" \"No, I mean, I'm LATE.\" She whispered Silence. Cooper stared at her intently. \"Oh.\" He said quietly. The tears that had been rising in Jody's eyes began to trickle down her cheeks. \"Oh Jody.\" Cooper said, going to hold her. \"Jody, it's all right.\" \"What?\" she replied looking up at him. \"It's okay.\" he brushed hair out of her eyes. \"Your not mad, you-\" \"This doesn't make me love you any less\" \"What?\" she said in shock. \"Do you really feel like rehearsing today? You could uh.. take the day off if you want.\" \"Really\" \"I really should work on music and background today anyway.\" \"All right.\" Cooper turned to return to the rehearsal room. \"I love you. Ya know?\" he said staring at the floor. Silence. He walked in the room the door closing behind him. \"Yeah... I know.\"[Chapter 2] Jody was totally confused. Both of the men in her life were taking the news so, so…well! Better than she was. She hadn't even told her parents yet. She spent the day walking around in Central Park. The children playing seemed to stand out more to her now. What am I going to do? I can't kill something so precious. Life. I couldn't live with myself if I did. But my life will change… dancing…everything. I want to keep dancing… but will I be able to do that with a child? Her thoughts went round in circles in much the same fashion all day. She took a cab back to her apartment and arrived home about 5pm. Charlie was there sitting on the couch. \"Hi.\" \"Where have you been?\" Charlie asked. \"I went to the studio today to see if you wanted to grab lunch but Cooper said you took the day off.\" \"Yeah, he told me to take the day off.\" \"I guess you told him then.\" \"Yeah.\" She sighed. \"How did he take it? I mean besides giving you the day off? What did he say?\" \"Actually, not much. He kind of rushed me off. I hope he knows that I told him because it was his .\" She stared at the ground becoming more depressed. \"I still can't believe all of this.\" She sat down next to Charlie on the couch. \"Yeah.\" They sat next to each other for a moment, trying to absorb. Charlie put his arm around her and she laid her head on his chest. An hour later the phone rang and Jody got up to get it. She glanced at Charlie and saw that he was asleep. She rushed to the phone. \"Hello?\" \"Jody?\" \"Cooper?\" \"How are you?\" \"I…I'm good. You know, better.\" Jody moved into the kitchen so as to be out of Charlie's ear shot. \"I'm glad.\" \"Listen, Cooper. I don't want to insult your intelligence or anything but… what I told you today. You do know why I told you, right?\" \"I think so.\" \"It's yours.\" Silence. \"Cooper?\" \"I'm here.\" \"You knew that didn't you?\" Jody asked desperately. \"Yeah. I mean, yes, I did.\" All was quiet. \"What do you think of that?\" Jody asked, breaking the silence. \"I'll be honest; I really don't know what to think. It's your decision you know. Whatever you want to do is fine with me.\" \"I'm going to have it.\" \"Okay. So, I guess we'll just go from here. You can dance for as long as you are able, or feel comfortable with, or whatever the doctor says or…\" \"It'll be okay, Cooper. I know this isn't something we planned. I don't expect you to raise it or… I will need some help, financially since I won't be dancing for a little while anyway.\" \"Of course.\" Jody let out a small laugh of disbelief of the situation. \"Jody I know things have been… well they have just been strange since your graduation from the academy but… I am prepared to help you in any way possible. Any way.\" \"Thanks, Cooper. I really appreciate that.\" \"I mean… you are going to need someone. You are going to need someone with you. I… Are you coming in tomorrow?\" \"Yeah. Count on it.\" \"Great. We, uh… we can talk then. Or call me tonight if you need to, I mean, I'm here.\" \"Let's just sleep on it.\" \"Yeah, you're right.\" \"I'll talk to you tomorrow Cooper.\" \"Talk to you tomorrow.\" \"Night.\" Click. She went to the living room to put the phone back on the reciever. Charlie was staring at her. \"I didn't know you were up.\" she said. \"Yeah. What did Cooper have to say, Jody?\" \"You heard, huh?\" Charlie nodded. \"We just cleared some things up was all. Nothing major.\" \"Does he plan to help you at all?\" \"Yes.\" She said defensively. \"Yes, he does.\" \"Let me guess. Money?\" \"Yes.\" she said. \"But he's willing to let you do the grunt work.\" \"Grunt work?\" \"Raise the kid, change diapers, stay up nights!\" She was taken aback at his sudden outburst. \"We haven't settled everything, Charlie. He just found out today. Look, I don't want to talk about this right now. I just want to go to bed.\" \"I'm sorry, Jody, I just want what's best for you. I don't want him to get off scot free, you know? I mean he did this, he should have a part.\" \"It takes two Charlie... I'll see you in the morning. You sleeping here tonight?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Goodnight then.\" \"Night.\" Jody started to walk to her room. \"Charlie.\" \"Yeah?\" \"I do appreciate you being here and just... everything.\" He smiled lightly at her and she trailed off to her room.[Chapter 3] When Jody woke in the morning it felt like a new world, as if shenwere seeing things for the first time. The sun seemed brighter, thenair fresher. She couldn't explain what she was feeling. Arenthe hormones kicking in already ?, she thought with a smile. nThere was still a lot to come and she knew it wouldn't be easy butnthere was more to life now than just her existence. There was a lifeninside of her now, and she had to prepare. She had to prove to hernchild, to herself that she was worthy. Howncould she possibly choose between Charley and Cooper? She knew thatnis what they expected from her – a choice. They had a point; thenbaby would need a father. Cooper never had been the most dependable.n The only reason the baby was Cooper's was because of a moment ofnweakness. Onennight late after rehearsal they had stayed to work on the routine. nBoth perfectionists they wanted to get every detail just right. nLately, Jody felt her life was a mess. She was lonely. Her parentsnhad been trying to call her but she was so busy with rehearsals,npreparing for an upcoming performance that she hadn't had time toncall them back. Each night she would go to bed looking at a picturenof them that sat on her bedside table and she would think of home. nShe was lonely. And Cooper was there. They danced so closely, sonintimate that she gave in to his advances that night. It felt songood. She knew then that she wasn't thinking, just feeling. Shenjust wanted to be touched by someone, anyone. \"Cooper.\"n She'd said. He looked deep into her eyes, gently brushing the hair from her eyesnand caressing her cheeks. She felt them warm at his touch. Sonfamiliar. She knew she didn't have to guide him. He knew what tondo, and she didn't want to think . I want this, she toldnherself. I want this . She only wished it was someone else. nHer blonde hair fell all around her shoulders and she welcomed him. \"Cooper.\" Nownshe had to live with that night and the result of that night. Atnleast it wasn't a one night stand , she thought. At least hencares for me in some way . But…I thought only of Charley'snface that night, his heart and soul and body. She knew shencouldn't waste time with tears. She did this now she must go onnwith it. Was Charley hurt by what she'd done? With him itnwas hard to tell. He didn't show his emotions so freely. Henwasn't the jealous kind like Cooper. He didn't smother her orntry to own her. He let her be herself. He just let her be. Lovenis patient, lovenis kind. She repeated these words to herself like a balm. Finally she got outnof bed and started to get ready for work. It was still pretty earlynand she went to the kitchen to start making some coffee. \"Charley, do you want any-\" she started. But he was gone. Thencouch was neat and looked as if no one had slept there. The blanketnhe'd used last night was folded and draped over the back of thencouch. Jody walked over to the blanket and ran her fingers over it,ncold. She picked it up and brought it to her face. It smelled likenhim. Charley . It was too early for him to go to ABC. Onenmore breath of the sweet smell. She went to the kitchen and lookednon the refrigerator door where they usually left notes for eachnother. Nothing.[Chapter 4] Heynguys, sorry for the hiatus. I hope to put some new chapters and newnstories up really soon so please check back. Thanks for hanging innthere. -Charley- Charley felt mildly guilty as he left Jody's apartment in the earlynhours of that morning. He knew he shouldn't. He told himself thatnhe had no reason to feel guilty. So why was he sneaking out? That'snwhat he was doing, wasn't it? He still wrestled with these feelings as he walked into one of thenrehearsal rooms at ABC. Eventually he found it was just easier tondance out his anger than think about it. And he definitely wanted tonwork it out before he could take it out on other people. After all,nhe wasn't mad at Jody, not really. He hadn't decided yet. Henhad every right to be, didn't he? He loved her. He thought shenknew that. Then why would she make love to Cooper? It was hardnenough in school when he found out they were together. When he foundnout that a man like Cooper had had her it almost killed him. nThen seeing Jody in such pain when he broke her heart – likenCharley knew he would – why would she go back into his arms? Whatndid Cooper have anyway, why was he so damn special that everyonenfawned over him? CAN'T YOU SEE WHAT HE IS?, he wanted to scream. He will hurt her again. The image of Jody lying in Cooper'snembrace tore at his heart. So he danced. Harder and harder, fasternand faster. It never ended. But the images of them together keptnflooding his mind. Hisnfingers in her hair. Dance Charley Dance ! Hisnlips on her skin. No! No ! Hernhand on his chest, his heart. STOP ! Charley fell to the ground in an exhausted collapse. His breathncoming in shallow gasps then lengthening into big gulps. Air.nAir. Air . Jody. Jody. Jody. What happened ? A fewnmonths after graduation they moved in together in the apartment thatnCharley lived in now. They were happy. He was happy. Was she? Thennwhy did she leave. Mostnnights Charley couldn't stand to be alone in the apartment. Itnstill felt like she should be there and he would wake in the middlenof the night and find himself reaching for her. But she was gone.nWhat made it worse was not that he knew she was gone but that he feltnit. She moved into an apartment closer to Cooper's studio which henhated. But he never thought she'd go back to the jerk. Why hadnthey called it off in the first place?, he couldn't remember. Henfelt the hard floor warming with his own body heat. Sweat stillnglistened on his bare arms. Too many memories, too many emotions. nHis eyes burned and he tried to blink away the pain. Feelings ofnfailure and rejection filled his heart. You're just wantingnwhat you can't have, man. Just forget it. She doesn't want you.n She let you go . Let her go . He knew that he could never let her see this part of him. He needednto be her rock, her protector. He wanted to be her companion andnfather of her child. Every little thing they ever did came to him. nThe first months of being together. Everything was new and exciting.n Yes, it was terrifying at the same time but in a good way. It wasnlike jumping off a cliff and realizing you can fly, soar. She fillednhis life. What more could he ever want? The perfect woman and thenjob of his dreams. The first time they were together intimately he remembered they werenboth trembling. Both so afraid of what they were feeling, afraid ofnlosing this precious gift. He wanted to explore every part of her. nHe loved to cover himself in her. Dress himself in her touch. Henfound himself constantly amazed that this woman was with him. nLooking back now he could see his boyish ways. He was naïve. nHe loved her but it was not yet the love of a man – not innCharley's eyes. True, he loved more maturely than Cooper and wasnconfident that would always be true. But Charley had been living inna world of his own illusions. Had she ever feel pressure to live upnto them? She deserved more. Back then they were in the clouds. He never wanted to come down. nNever wanted it to end. But like most things in life… it did.","LastChapter":"Heynguys, sorry for the hiatus. I hope to put some new chapters and newnstories up really soon so please check back. Thanks for hanging innthere. -Charley- Charley felt mildly guilty as he left Jody's apartment in the earlynhours of that morning. He knew he shouldn't. He told himself thatnhe had no reason to feel guilty. So why was he sneaking out? That'snwhat he was doing, wasn't it? He still wrestled with these feelings as he walked into one of thenrehearsal rooms at ABC. Eventually he found it was just easier tondance out his anger than think about it. And he definitely wanted tonwork it out before he could take it out on other people. After all,nhe wasn't mad at Jody, not really. He hadn't decided yet. Henhad every right to be, didn't he? He loved her. He thought shenknew that. Then why would she make love to Cooper? It was hardnenough in school when he found out they were together. When he foundnout that a man like Cooper had had her it almost killed him. nThen seeing Jody in such pain when he broke her heart – likenCharley knew he would – why would she go back into his arms? Whatndid Cooper have anyway, why was he so damn special that everyonenfawned over him? CAN'T YOU SEE WHAT HE IS?, he wanted to scream. He will hurt her again. The image of Jody lying in Cooper'snembrace tore at his heart. So he danced. Harder and harder, fasternand faster. It never ended. But the images of them together keptnflooding his mind. Hisnfingers in her hair. Dance Charley Dance ! Hisnlips on her skin. No! No ! Hernhand on his chest, his heart. STOP ! Charley fell to the ground in an exhausted collapse. His breathncoming in shallow gasps then lengthening into big gulps. Air.nAir. Air . Jody. Jody. Jody. What happened ? A fewnmonths after graduation they moved in together in the apartment thatnCharley lived in now. They were happy. He was happy. Was she? Thennwhy did she leave. Mostnnights Charley couldn't stand to be alone in the apartment. Itnstill felt like she should be there and he would wake in the middlenof the night and find himself reaching for her. But she was gone.nWhat made it worse was not that he knew she was gone but that he feltnit. She moved into an apartment closer to Cooper's studio which henhated. But he never thought she'd go back to the jerk. Why hadnthey called it off in the first place?, he couldn't remember. Henfelt the hard floor warming with his own body heat. Sweat stillnglistened on his bare arms. Too many memories, too many emotions. nHis eyes burned and he tried to blink away the pain. Feelings ofnfailure and rejection filled his heart. You're just wantingnwhat you can't have, man. Just forget it. She doesn't want you.n She let you go . Let her go . He knew that he could never let her see this part of him. He needednto be her rock, her protector. He wanted to be her companion andnfather of her child. Every little thing they ever did came to him. nThe first months of being together. Everything was new and exciting.n Yes, it was terrifying at the same time but in a good way. It wasnlike jumping off a cliff and realizing you can fly, soar. She fillednhis life. What more could he ever want? The perfect woman and thenjob of his dreams. The first time they were together intimately he remembered they werenboth trembling. Both so afraid of what they were feeling, afraid ofnlosing this precious gift. He wanted to explore every part of her. nHe loved to cover himself in her. Dress himself in her touch. Henfound himself constantly amazed that this woman was with him. nLooking back now he could see his boyish ways. He was naïve. nHe loved her but it was not yet the love of a man – not innCharley's eyes. True, he loved more maturely than Cooper and wasnconfident that would always be true. But Charley had been living inna world of his own illusions. Had she ever feel pressure to live upnto them? She deserved more. Back then they were in the clouds. He never wanted to come down. nNever wanted it to end. But like most things in life… it did.","Summary":" Charlie and Jody are at Jody's apartment. They are not dating anymore because of the hectic schedul","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K - English - Chapters: 4   - Words: 2,668 - Reviews: 35 - Favs: 10 - Follows: 14 - Updated: 1 25 2008 - Published: 7 13 2002 - id: 846447 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Center Stage: The aftermath","Author":"Seyi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1344983","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters mentioned in the movien\"Center Stage.\" I just enjoy using them to my own sick ends. Rating: PG-13. \"Dance! Dance! Dance! Dance!..........\" Jody Sawyer executed pirouette after pirouette, her toes throbbing as shenspun with increasing speed on the surface of the stage. The lights were hotnand blinding, the applause of the audience intensifying with each turn. \"Dance! Dance! Dance! Dance!\" Jody spun faster and faster, growing more out of control with each step.nHer ankles began to twist, and she felt herself falling off pointe, thoughnshe desperately tried to summon strength into her leg muscles, so as tonhold her up. \"No!\" she gasped, as she felt her right ankle wrench. \"I can't be injured!nI'm a dancer! I....\" she saw Erik, his good-natured face nearly a blur,ntrying to get to her, to catch her in time, but his crutches slowed himndown. \"I'm sorry...\" he whispered, his face blurring. Eva was flittingnaround the stage with Sergei, as though they hadn't heard, andnCooper....where WAS Cooper? She screamed his name out, as she felt her legngive way. Then all of a sudden she was in Charlie's strong grasp- off her feet, thenankle saved just in time. He looked at her, and smiled. And then she woke up. Jody sat up in bed, her slender body covered with a sheen of cold sweat.nQuickly she flipped on the switch by her bed, flooding the room with light.nSwinging her legs over the side of the bed, she headed for the smallnadonjing bathroom, testing her ankles carefully as she walked. Though hernfeet were sore from the intense night of performing, they were fine. Shensucked in her breath, splashing water on her face, and glancing at thenclock. Five-fifteen. \"Eva?\" she whispered timidly, tiptoeing into the room that now containednonly two girls- Maureen, their former roommate, had moved out the nightnbefore, after the show. Eva Rodriguez was a monster in the morning, but shenwas even bitchier if she missed the six-o-clock breakfast, and THAT wouldnlast the entire day. \"Eva!\" \"What the hell, woman........\" Eva groaned, rolling over and looking up.n\"You had BETTER be near death, 'cause that's the ONLY excuse you can havenfor waking me up in the middle of the damned night....\" \"It's almost twenty after five. Breakfast is STILL at six.\" Jody pulled hernnightshirt over her head and took off for the shower, tossing thenaforementioned garment on her roommate's head and ignoring the litany ofncurses that followed her across the room. \"Get up. I'll be out in tennminutes.\" At exactly six-o-clock, both girls were walking down the hall towards thencafé, Jody holding Eva up by the arm. \"You'd think Jonathan would pushnclasses forward today,\" mumbled Eva. \"I mean, we were all up till, likenfreakin' four in the morning. The man's a sadist.\" Jodie was inclined to agree, but she had bigger things to think about.n\"I've got to find an apartment by next Friday,\" she said, half to herself,nhalf to Eva. \"Jonathan isn't letting you stay?\" \"No. I'm even lucky I'm being allowed to stay until next week. Now that I'mnin Cooper's company...\" She paused and shook her head. \"I have no businessnbeing on campus here.\" Eva rolled her eyes, but she had nothing to say- Jonathan WAS beingngenerous in even letting her stay for an extended period of time. Bothngirls reached the cafeteria and ate a quick breakfast of fruit and bagels.nThen they headed to the studio. \"You HAVE to say hello to everyone beforenyou go out,\" Eva said. \"What about Jonathan?\" \"Screw Jonathan. We're early, anyway.\" Both girls entered the studio to find Erik, Sergei, Charlie, and othernnewly accepted members of the company warming up at the barre. Instead ofnthe usual silence that was in the room, excited voices were bouncing offnthe walls, talking about present, past and future plans. Erik saw them first and greeted them loudly. \"What's up, my divas?\" he didnan awkward little spin on his crutches and attempted to fall at Jody andnEva's feet. \"Omigosh, I am, like, your biggest fans,\" he said in his bestn'groupie' voice. \"I've been watching you since I was, like, BORN! I mean,nyou are like, totally awesome!!\" Eva giggled and immediately took up the role, inserting a cigarette fromnher pocket between her glossy lips. \"MOVE. WHERE are my bodyguards?\" shenpushed them each aside with a slipper-clad foot , and strutted forward.n\"What's this? The floor isn't swept, the barre isn't gold- I'M ALLERGIC TOnWOOD, REMEMBER???, and WHERE are those blue M&Ms; I requested???\" the othernstudents, most of them laughing, milled around her, pretending to do hernbidding. Jody, who was laughing to hard to move, pushed each of the guys away with anhigh-heeled white sandal, one that Erik regarded with approval from hisnposition on the floor. \"Hey, cute shoes.\" With his trademark ear-to-earngrin, he pushed himself upward and leaned back on his crutches, beginningnto sing in a slightly nasal tenor: \"Hey, pretty baby, with the high heels on....\" \"Oh, stop!\" embarrassed, Jody tried to make a break for the door, but Erikncaught her and spun her out in the middle of the floor. \"You give me fevernlike I've never, ever known...\" Charlie grabbed her around the waist, letting his fingers slide to her hipsnas he dipped her forward in their dance sequence from the night before.nAlthough he was dancing Cooper's part, his hands were just as strong andnsure. Giggling now, Jody tried to escape, but Charlie lifted her over hisnhead, grinning all the while. Eva had joined Erik on the song with a VERYnloud but VERY unsuccessful alto part, and they were launching into thenchorus. \"...that you're the one for me, the way you make me feel!\" \"The way ya make me feel!\" The rest of the class echoed the chorus, dancingnto the imaginary music, leaping, spinning and dancing all over the room,nlooking like an out-of-control scene from Fame. Charlie dropped her gentlynonto her toes and spun her into a pirouette, allowing her to spin directlynback into Erik's arms. He dipped her backwards, still grooving to hisnimaginary beat, and spun her back to Charlie, who caught her up in his armsnand catapulted her straight towards the outstretched arms of Sergei, whonwas standing by the door. Squealing with laughter, Jody closed her eyes and threw out her arms,nfeeling Sergei's hands close firmly around her waist, feeling him dippingnher backwards. She laughed out loud, not even noticing that the singingnhad stopped. \"Miss Sawyer.\" Startled, Jody looked up, into the eyes of Jonathan Reeves, who hadnapparently strolled into his classroom at that MOST inappropriate time, andnwho'd reached out and grabbed her instead of Sergei. The aforementionednRussian was mouthing \"sorry!\" from behind Jonathan's back. \"Oh, God,\" she muttered under her breath, face flaming. She caught sight ofnherself in the mirror and silently groaned. Her hair, which had been smoothnand perfect that morning was tangled up, and her previously smooth greennsundress was bunched up around her thighs. Her sandals, which she'd lostnmid-pirouette, were lying in a corner, and her face was only a couplenshades lighter than Jonathan's dark red tee. Erik was furtively trying tonhide them (her sandals) behind his pant leg, as if she could get into anynmore trouble than she already was. Jonathan set her on her feet, watching without a hint of amusement as shenfurtively attempted to right both her hair and her dress. \"Perhaps younshould find something to do, mademoiselle,\" he said, coolly. \"And, Erik,\"nhe said, turning suddenly as he was trying to sneak out the back, \"unlessnyou wish to warm up on your crutches, you need to escort Miss Sawyer out.\" Both of them, heads hanging, blushing profusely, moved as fast as possible.nWhen they were about a quarter of the way down the hall, they froze at thensound of Jonathan's voice. \"Ah, Miss Sawyer?\" She turned around, heart pounding. \"You might need these.\" He placed a pair of white sandals outside the door,nand then closed it with a bang. ****************************************************************************n**************** \"I CANNOT believe Jonathan saw me!!!\" Jody cried for the fifth time. She and Erik were sitting in the Hard Rock Café, drowning their sorrows innhuge, disproportioned sundaes. \"You were really tearing up the dance floor, though,\" Erik tried to benconsoling. He spooned up another rivulet of butterscotch sauce and peanut-nbutter ice cream, filling his mouth and licking the resulting dribble offnhis pinkie. It didn't help. \"But when he caught me!!\" Jody was still hysterical. \"I looked like a totalnidiot, didn't I?\" \"That you did.\" Jody fired him a freezing look, to which he shrugged. \"Look, I'm all aboutnhonesty.\" Jody stood up and threw three ones down beside her half-eaten sundae. \"I'mnoutta here. I need to find an apartment, like, NOW. Jonathan is probablynhaving all my things thrown out on the sidewalk.\" Erik shrugged and grabbed his crutches, swinging to his feet. \"Let menhobble along. I need to do something to stay in shape, and sitting aroundneating sundaes won't help me much. This baby doesn't come off for at leastnanother month,\" he nodded at the soft cast on his foot. \"Okay. We'll go halves on a cab.\" The two grabbed a taxi at the corner and clambered inside, relaxing in thencomfortably padded air-conditioned interior. They sat in silence for anwhile, Jody stealing glances at Erik all the while over the classifieds innthe paper. His long, thick lashes were beginning to droop over his eyes.n\"Not much here,\" she murmured. \" When did apartments become so expensive?\" \"Mmhm....that's nice,\" murmured Erik, eyes still shut. \"I must be something of a bore,\" she said with a laugh. \"I'm definitely notnas entertaining as Eva.\" Erik started, and then laughed himself. \"No, not at all. I guess I'm stillntired from last night...hey, isn't that Cooper?\" he leaned forward, staringnintently at a tall, thin blond dressed in only a pair of paint-spatterednjeans, his chest covered with splotches of the same color. \"Yeah...that's him, all right.\" Jody leaned across him to get a betternlook. He was directing a group of painters. \"I wonder what he's up to.n\"Hey, stop the cab!\" Both got out at the curb, heading for Cooper. \"Coop!\" He turned around, forehead wrinkled, and they hurried across the street tonwhere he was standing. \"What's going on?\" he asked, casually, when they reached him. \"We're cool.\" \"Erik, how's the ankle?\" \"As well as can be expected.\" They stood in silence for a couple of seconds. Then Jody spoke. \"Okay,nCooper, you're standing here covered in paint. What are you up to?\" Cooper grinned and beckoned to the building beside him. \"Come and see fornyourself.\" Read and review, please. Will update soon![Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I do not own anything. Except Jonathan Reeves. I own him. In myndreams. Rating: PG-13 to be safe for now. \"This way!\" Cooper's voice, enthused, fell over his shoulder as he wovenquickly through the crowd on the street. He led them to a small building onnthe corner, a dingy-looking edifice with a plate-glass window so dirty thatnit was impossible to see in. Walking inside, he let the door slam behindnhim. With a shrug in Erik's direction in answer to his questioning look, Jodynpushed open the protesting door and followed Cooper indoors, holding thendoor open for Erik. The inside of the building was the exact opposite. Scrubbed clean andnpainted a blinding white, it shone brightly under a glow of white lightncoming from bulbs shaded with simple glass covers. The room was perevadednwith the sharp smell of new paint. \"That's just the base,\" Cooper confided.n\"We put it on this morning. It's actually gonna be painted this reallynlight gray.\" He opened another small room. This one was tiled, with a row of beat-upnlockers. \"Locker room,\" he said. \"Showers are in the back. I only have one,nso the guys and girls are going to have to take turns.\" He turned on hisnheel and was off again, Jody and Erik hot on his heels. He paused atnanother small room, this one with a snack machine, juice machine, and longnlunchroom table. \"Lunchroom, obviously.\" Cooper then led them towards another room, this one with double doors.n\"This is the main studio,\" he said, reaching for the door. They werenstartled at that exact minute when a crash ricocheted off the walls of thenbuilding, followed by a groan and a litany of curses. \"Damn!\" Cooper hissed. \"What the hell are they doing in there? Wait ansecond,\" he said, and jogged in the direction of the crash. \"What's goingnon?!\" they heard his voice fading away down the hallway. \"Ooookay,\" Erik laughed and gestured to the door. \"Shall we?\" \"We shall.\" Jody was curious as to what her new studio might look like. Shenpushed the door open and walked inside, stopping in amazement. The room was the ideal dance studio- heavily lighted, a smooth, polishednwood floor, mirrors lining the walls, a barre that circled the entire room.nA baby grand stood in the corner, smooth, black polished wood, and a largensound system was set up in the corner, speakers up on the four corners ofnthe ceiling. Jody took all of this in with a brief glance. However, it was the solitarynfigure in the east corner of the room that caught her attention. The man standing in the corner was short, and very skinny, dressed almostnscruffily in a knee-length, soiled blue shirt, and a pair of faded blacknkhakis, ripped at both knees. He wore a small black cross around his neck,nand was bent over backwards, chest arched to the sky, fingers nearlyntouching the floor around his neck. He was clearly of Asian descent, with ivory skin, high, high cheekbones,nfull lips, and an unusual hairstyle in his long, thick black dreadlocksnthat nearly touched the small of his back. When he opened his eyes, lookingnup to the ceiling, they were a startling shade of dark green, a colornimpossible to fake by contacts. He twisted round on one foot, lookingnstraight at them. Then he pointed, and smiled. Erik made a move as if to ask the man who he was, but all of a sudden,nmusic started, startling in it's abruptness. The guy immediately leaped tonhis feet, beginning a series of spins, leaps, and steps to an unusualndrumbeat full of breaks, and offbeats. It grew alternatingly fast and slow,nstopping and starting at certain points, rising and falling, quickening thenblood of all who heard it. The guy continued dancing as if they hadn't even walked in, his movementsnbecoming even more energetic. He spun and spun, then landed in a perfectnsplit, right in front of Jody, holding out his hand with an impish smile.nWith the other, he pulled off his shirt, revealing a body laced with long,ncorded muscles, a thin sheen of sweat on them. She heard Erik suck in hisnbreath. \"Dance?\" \"Umm-\" Jody backed up, more than a little freaked out. She had no clue whonthis guy was. \"I don't think so. Who are you, anyway? Cooper-\" \"C'mon,\" his voice was slightly rusty, as if he wasn't used to talking, butnlow and husky. He snapped his fingers, and the beat started again. He thenngrabbed her hand, pulling her gently but insistently out on the dancenfloor. Jody automatically took a pointe position, despite her sandals, and begannshimmying to the beat. She couldn't have stopped even if she wanted to. Hisnleading was perfect, and he lifted her higher in the air than she'd evernbeen lifted in her life. Her hair came loose again, falling around hernshoulders, and she glanced into the mirror, shocked at her reflection. The girl in the mirror moved smoothly, sensually, without any reservationnor 'cuteness' brought on by self conscious dancing, entwined with hernpartner in an intimate manner, her normally pale skin looking flushed andntan against his bare chest, lips parted slightly, eyes misty. He wrappednher legs round his waist and dipped her backward so that her hair brushednthe floor, and her fingers glazed the wood, all while moving in perfectntime to the thickening tempo. Jody's thighs were throbbing, but all shencould feel was the pulsating beat of the drum as it passed through hernbody, causing her to feel the music and move in ways she never thoughtnpossible. THIS.... was dance. All too suddenly, the music stopped, and Jody somehow found herself on hernfeet, breathing hard, her chest heaving. The guy was standing in front ofnher, still supporting her by the hand. He smiled, then flicked a dreadlocknout of his eyes, the green boring into hers. \"Come,\" he said, low. \"We do it again.\" He pulled her into his arms and began to move. She did as well, powerlessnto stop. They were interrupted when the door slammed open, and he releasednher quickly. Cooper was standing at the doorway, grinning. \"Looks like you've found your leading man.\" All the exercise Jody had been getting suddenly caught up to her with anrush, and her legs nearly collapsed. She sat in the floor, staring at thenguy. \"Oh, my GOD,\" she said, rubbing her right calf. \"Who are you?\" \"This,\" Cooper said, as if announcing royalty, \"is Stephan.\" He gave them both a slight smile, eyes on the floor. \"I found him dancing in the subway, and he's part of the company now,\"nCooper said simply. \"Stephan, this is Jody and Erik.\" He shook both their hands, then made a hasty exit. \"Not too talkative, hunh?\" Erik said. Cooper smiled slightly. \"He dances his ass off,\" he said. \"and that's all Inrequire.\" Erik laughed and launched himself to the piano, sitting down on the benchnand stretching out his injured leg. \"So, is he gay or straight?\" he asked.n\"Inquiring minds want to know.\" Cooper and Jody both laughed at Erik's matter-of-fact tone. \"I don't know,nyou'll have to ask him,\" Cooper replied. He looked at Jody. \"Up for anlittle practice?\" Jody shook her head, still slightly out of breath. \"Are you kidding me?nStephan wore me out. Plus, I've still got to find an apartment.\" \"Jonathan tossed you out?\" \"Not quite.\" Jody explained the morning's events to Cooper, who laughednlong and loud. \"So I'm looking for an apartment,\" she finished. Cooper wiped a tear form his eye. \"Wish I could have seen you going allnwild,\" he said. \"Jonathan already thinks I'm a detrimental influence on hisndancers. He'd probably go nuts if he saw Erik here.\" Jody smirked. \"Well, we won't stay and absorb any of your evil influencesnany longer. I still have to find a place to stay.\" \"And I have to get back for my music theory class,\" Erik hoisted himselfnup. Cooper stood up and headed for the lights, to turn them off. Erik walkednout of the room ahead of the two in order to hail a cab- he had to get backnto the ABA headquarters. \"Why don't you bunk with me?\" Jody stared at Cooper in shock. \"What?\" \"I said, why don't you come bunk with me? Just for a few days, till you getnsettled.\" \"I- you-\" to say that Jody was bamboozled by his offer would be a completenunderstatement. How could he even suggest such a- after all their history- \"Relax, it's not what you think,\" Cooper said, raising his palms. \"It'sngenuinely a offer BETWEEN FRIENDS, okay? I know about you and Charlie. Talknit over with him first or whatever. I just figured, if you needed a placento crash-\" he shrugged and moved towards the door. \"Um, Cooper-\" Jody truly didn't know what to say. \"You'd chip in for rent and food as long as you're there, of course,\"nCooper said. \"And I have a roommate, so you won't have to worry about menjumping your bones in the middle of the night or something.\" Jody blushed, then scowled. Cooper could always read her like a book. \"Younhave a roommate?\" she hadn't remembered seeing anyone else the night she'd-nwell, she didn't want to think about THAT. \"Yeah,\" Cooper said, offhand. \"Stephan's moving in with me.\" Jody stared at him in disbelief. \"You're taking in some guy off thenstreet?\" Cooper gave her a look. \"He doesn't have fleas or anything, okay? And Inhappen to know plenty about him.\" \"Like what?\" \"None of your business. It's not like you live with him or anything.\" Jody chewed her lip as she considered the offer. It was risky- after all,nthis guy could be some serial killer, for all she knew, but Cooper soundednso confident. Plus, she did want to be out of the ABA dorms by the nextnday. And if she only stayed with Cooper for a week or two..... \"Fine,\" she heard herself saying aloud. \"I'll do it.\" Cooper stopped, his hand on the doorknob. \"What?\" \"I said, I'll do it.\" Cooper waited for minute, then rolled his eyes. \"Don't go overboard withnthe gratitude,\" he said, sarcastically. \"Oh, shut up. I'm thinking.\" Jody picked up her purse and walked towardsnthe door, Cooper following and locking her out. \"Here's my apartment key,\"nhe said, handing it to her. \"I'll be out late.\" Jody nodded her thanks, took the key and headed down the street, stillnthinking. She would have to call a cab to help her move her things downtown-n thank God, she only had her dance gear, clothes and a few trinkets fromnhome to be moved. ABA's super-small dorms had given her THAT advantage, atnleast. She would also have to say goodbye to everyone and tell Charlie shenwas going and... \"Oh, my God,\" she groaned. Charlie. What was he going to think about allnthis??[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I do not own anything and will not attempt to steal. My parentsnraised me right. Rating: PG-13. Jody rolled over in bed, unable to sleep. Too much had happened that day.nShe rolled over and squinted in the darkness at the quartz alarm clock onnher bedside table. It read three-fifteen. Jody groaned and slammed her face against her pillow. If she didn't getnsome sleep soon, she'd be completely dysfunctional the next day- and shendidn't want to do that. She squeezed her eyes shut and bade sleep to come,nbut it didn't work. Her surroundings were way too unusual, and she hadntrouble sleeping in new places. Rising to her feet, Jody slid them into a pair of slippers and padded outninto the living room. She crossed it and easily found the kitchen in thendark, flipping on a light and opening the fridge. \"Mind if I join you?\" Jody straightened up immediately, startled by the voice. Her hands slippednfrom the bottle of juice she was holding, but luckily she managed to catchnit before it fell to the floor. Cooper was standing there, hair tousled, dressed in only a pair of graynsweats, held up by a threadbare drawstring. His eyes, though hooded, lookednsharp and alert. Apparently she wasn't the only one who couldn't sleep. \"You startled me,\" she murmured, realizing too late how obvious shensounded. Cooper smiled; then he leaned over and took the juice from hernhands. He crossed the kitchen in a single ballet leap, then poured thenjuice into two jelly glasses he pulled from the cabinet above the sink. \"Here you go,\" he handed it to her across the kitchen island. Then he wentndigging around in the refrigerator. \"What are you doing?\" Jody said to his backside. \"I'm hungry.\" He pulled a pack of pre-packaged turkey, three cheese slices,nand a jar of mayonnaise out, then tossed them onto the table, pulling anloaf of Wonder bread from the top of the fridge as he did so. \"Want ansandwich?\" At three in the morning? Jody shook her head. Then her stomach growlednloudly, as if in abject disagreement. Cooper smirked, and she laughed good-nnaturedly at herself. \"Guess I do want one.\" She moved forward, stoppingnCooper from spreading the mayo on a slice of bread. \"Not THIS crap, though.nLet me show you how to make a real sandwich.\" Cooper shrugged and took a seat at the table, chewing on a piece of turkey,nto tide him over till the food was ready. Jody shoved four slices of breadninto the toaster, then went to work, digging in the fridge. She foundnmustard, lettuce, half of a slicing tomato, half and onion and part of thencarcass of a rotisserie chicken. Five minutes later, she set her finished project in front of Cooper, whondug into it with gusto. She looked her own sandwich; chicken, tomato,nonion, cheese, mayo and mustard, all layered on four pieces of white toast.nBiting into it, she stared at her tablemate, who was already beginning onnthe other half of HIS sandwich. She handed him a napkin with raisedneyebrows. Cooper took it and wiped his mouth. \"Thanks,\" he said, sheepishly. \"This isnreally good. What do you call it?\" \"A club sandwich, I guess,\" Jody answered with her mouth full. \"It tastesnbetter with bacon. My dad makes them the best.\" Cooper nodded and took a sip of his juice. \"You and I are probably the onlynballet dancers on the face of the earth who'll eat like this in the middlenof the night. I'm impressed that you attempt it.\" Jody rolled her eyes. \"I've always been like this. High metabolism, Inguess. I never gain weight- that's probably the only good thing about mynbody where ballet is concerned.\" \"But you don't have to worry about that anymore,\" Cooper leaned forward,npale eyes earnest. \"You're a principle now.\" Feeling suddenly shy, Jody busied herself with her sandwich, and Cooper gotnup and placed his glass and plate in the sink. He burped. \"Sorry.\" Jody smiled. \"That's okay.\" She watched as Cooper strode over to the smallntape deck that stood on the counter. He fiddled with it, and a soft jazzntune filled the air. Jody opened her mouth to protest, not wanting to wake Stephan, but thenmusic was so relaxing, and her stomach so full, that she rested her chin innher hands, staring dreamily out the window at the dark night sky. Cooper,nhis back still to her, raked one hand through his hair. \"You know,\" he said, low. \"I've never really apologized. For the last timenyou were here, you know, and-\" \"It's okay,\" Jody said, abruptly, cutting him off. \"It was as much my faultnas it was yours, and we're over that now.\" Cooper nodded; his back was still turned. \"Ever heard this piece?\" henasked. Jody shook her head. \"Never.\" \"I didn't think so. Close your eyes and listen to it.\" Jody did so. \"What does it make you think of? Don't answer right away.\" Jody thought for a minute, her head filling with the soft, slow, languidntempo of the jazz, the instruments moving in and moving out, slowing andnquickening, making her feel alternating warm and cold. \"It sounds like....a hot summer night,\" she said, slowly. \"A smoke-fillednlounge with the AC on the blink. In New Orleans. It has to be New Orleans.nA jazz singer, a woman, maybe- in a dark blue sequined gown, maybe darknred. And a martini. Two olives. \" \"Two OLIVES?\" Cooper chuckled quietly in the darkness, and she laughed withnhim. \"You got the gist of it, though.\" He turned the music down. \"I see,nin the beginning, a classical dance,\" he said. \"Maybe to the Ascot Racentheme in My Fair Lady. I want it to get across to the audience that thesenare rich bastards.\" He paused. \"And?\" \"Well, there's this guy,\" he said, cheeks dimpling. \"Young. Impetuous. Hengoes to this club one night, and sees this lounge singer and dancer. She'llnreally have to stand out among the others- maybe she'll wear no jewelry,nwhile the others have a lot on- or something. Anyway, he's in love, butnshe's already involved with this guy who's more in her social class.\" Jody nodded, already mesmerized, both by his voice and by the story.n\"Sounds a little like \"Dancing in New York,\" she mentioned. Cooper rolled his eyes. \"Just listen, willya? So. like I was saying. Hensteals her away and takes her home with him. That'll be an opportunity forna great pas de deux, and all that. Then she'll meet his parents, family andnfriends.\" He paused to take a breath. \"In the end,\" Cooper continued, \"There'll be this huge dance number withnall the family and friends of the rich guy- and the audience will see hownpainfully she's trying to fit in, how hard it is for her. Her timing willnbe off. She won't dance as well. Her outfit will be a little different.nMore..common. Anyway, she'll realize she's not for his world, and she'llnleave.\" His voice, warm, rich and resonant as the cellos strings pulsatingnin the music, hung in the air. \"Does the guy go after her?\" Cooper looked at her and smiled. \"Haven't thought that far ahead yet.\" They fell into a companionable silence for a while, listening to the jazz;nthen Cooper looked at Jody and laughed outright. \"Your feet are moving, younknow.\" \"They are?\" Jody stared down at them in surprise, and sure enough, she wasnstanding in fifth position. \"Oh, jeez. I need sleep.\" \"Me, too. Good night, Jody Sawyer.\" \"Sleep well, Cooper Nielson.\" He reached for the light, and all was dark. ********************************************************** \"JOOODDDDYYYYY!!!\" Jody stood on tiptoe, squinting as she looked down the sidewalk. A tall,nslender girl was flying down towards her, hair flying, with a shorter guynin tow. \"Hey, Eva,\" she said, laughing, as they reached her. \"Hey, Charlie.\" \"Hey, yourself.\" Charlie walked up to her, kissing her gently, as Eva stoodnon the sidelines and rolled her eyes, tapping her foot. \"Thank you SO much for not being mad,\" she whispered into his jacket lapel,nher eyes filling. Charlie had been shocked when Jody told him about hernliving arrangements, but he'd listened to Jody's explanation patiently.n\"Look, I trust you, okay?\" he said, cutting off the elaborate apologynspeech she'd prepared. \"Do whatever you have to do.\" God, he's a good guy, Jody thought, looking up at him, holding him tightlynaround the waist. I hope nothing messes this up. \"Oh, good LORD,\" Eva said impatiently, breaking the embrace. \"Can you twonplease stop now? We've got to get going. Charlie, get us a couplenMetrocards for the bus while we look for some coffee.\" \"Your wish is my command, milady.\" Charlie took the two wrinkled five-ndollar bills that Eva offered him and headed for the corner store. \"So, where exactly is this place?\" Eva said, as the girls purchased coffeenand sticky rolls from a vendor. \"Downtown Queens. We'll have to take the train. I don't think a bus goesnall the way out there.\" \"Great. I come all the way from Bo-freakin'ston to get eaten alive by ansubway rat.\" \"Jonathan would love that.\" \"Wouldn't he?\" Laughing, the girls headed for Charlie as he emerged fromnthe store, and the three headed for the subway station. In less than an hour's time, they had arrived at their destination, andnJody glanced nervously at her boyfriend as they neared the place. \"Younreally didn't have to come, you know,\" she said, sideways, out of Eva'snearshot. \"And miss seeing Cooper's studio?\" Charlie chuckled. \"No way. Plus, I wantnto see what kind of company my girl's dancing principal for.\" He draped anplayful arm around her shoulders. They reached the studio in minutes. \"Wow, nice place,\" Eva said, once they had gotten inside. \"Didn't look likenmuch from the outside, but...\" \"Jody?\" Jody turned in time to see Cooper standing there dressed in tights and anlarge blue flannel shirt, a bemused grin on his face. \"You brought company,nI see.\" \"They wanted to see the studio,\" she began, but Eva had already sprungnforward, grabbing Cooper's hand. \"C'mon, Nielson, give me a tour of this place.\" Cooper did accordingly, and as it had happened with Jody and Erik, the trionended up in the studio. \"Damn, this studio is amazing, Cooper,\" Eva remarked, testing out the slicknwood floor with her bare toes (she had kicked her sandals off.) \"Jonathannwould kill for this lighting. I mean, he would literally commit MURDER. Henbitches about ours all the time.\" \"How is my main competition anyway?\" Cooper asked lightly. \"What's he beennup to?\" Eva dropped to her heels and sat on the floor, swinging her feet up intonCooper's lap. \"We-ell...\" She grinned mischievously and glanced at Charlienfor support. \"Should I tell him?\" Charlie gave her a slightly disapproving look. \"It's probably just a rumor,nEva.\" \"A rumor? Gossip?\" Jody leaned forward over her boyfriend, eyes sparkling.n\"DO tell, do TELL.\" \"You, too?\" Charlie stared at Jody in disbelief. \"You two are SO sad.nCooper, don't you-\" \"So, what happened?\" Cooper stood up and squeezed in between Eva and Jody,npushing Charlie to the side. His eyes were gleaming with interest; it wasnobvious that he hadn't heard anything form the ABA since he'd started hisncompany. \"- join in.\" Charlie finished his sentence and rolled his eyes to thenceiling in disgust. \"Forget it. You're just as bad as the girls.\" \"Quiet!\" Both Jody and Cooper spoke in unison. \"Go ahead, Eva.\" Charlienrolled his eyes heavenward once more, though it was clear that he wasntrying not to laugh. \"You people are ridiculous. I'm going to the snacknmachine.\" He got up and left. \"Weeeeeellllllll,\" Eva said, clearly enjoying her moment in the spotlight,n\"I'll tell you about Maureen first. Remember her boyfriend? That cutenwaiter guy?\" \"Of course,\" Jody said. \"He was so-\" \"Yeah, I KNOW,\" Eva said, rolling her eyes in delight. \"SERIOUS eye candy,nthough I'll die before I tell Maureen that. Anyway, at our ABCncongratulatory banquet yesterday, she was there as an usher 'cause shenworks in the office- I guess they were a little shorthanded. Anyway, shensaw Maureen's boyfriend and totally flipped.\" Jody gasped. \"Are you serious?\" Eva nodded. \"Yup. She started screaming on him that HE was the real reasonnher daughter quit ballet, and she hated stupid boys like him who ruined thencareer plans of young women, and he should be castrated.\" \"Oh my God.\" Jody leaned back in shock. Even Cooper, who NEVER lookednsurprised, was looking at her with raised eyebrows. \"That's not the worst of it,\" Eva continued gleefully. \"She called him anhormonally charged, testosteronally overloaded dick in Nikes, and then shenoverturned his hor d' ouvers tray!\" \"You're joking.\" \"I kid you not, Sawyer. The woman is certi-freakin'-fiably insane. When shenwas finished with him, she stomped out, giving me a dagger look as shenpassed me, I might add.\" \"Oh my GOD!\" Jody shook her head. \"Poor Maureen.\" \"I'll say.\" Eva shook her head, her ponytail bouncing with her enthusiasm.n\"I never liked the girl much- although we're cool now- but I wouldn't wishnthat on my worst enemy.\" \"Enough about Maureen,\" Cooper said, impatiently. \"What else is going on?\" \"Gallina and Sergei are planning their wedding already, but neither of themnwant to move. Sergei is definitely good enough to get into the SannFrancisco ballet, but he doesn't want to leave New York- not that I blamenhim. I mean, leave the ABA for a ballet school atop a fucking fault line?nI'd stay here, too!\" \"So what did they decide?\" \"They're kind of at a stalemate right now.\" \"I give 'em six months,\" Cooper said cynically. Jody shoved him. Evansmirked, then continued. \"Okay. Here's the BIGGEST news.\" Eva leaned forward, eyes glimmering, anconspirator's grin on her pretty face. \"Guess what super-famous, super-richnballerina is in the family way, UNPLANNED, I might add?\" Jody gasped. \"No!\" Eva sat back on her haunches and nodded. \"Yup. Kathleen's PREGNANT.\"nWhen neither one of them made a comment, staring at her, open-mouthed, shenlaughed. \"Yeah, that's pretty much how I reacted.\"nCooper wasn't laughing along with her. In fact, his face had turned a deadnwhite. \"It can't....I mean, technically, it's just a rumor, right?\" \"I SAW the medical report when I was in the nutritionist's office. It wasnlying on her desk.\" When neither one of them responded to that, shencontinued. \"Looks like Mr. Reeves wasn't as careful as he should have been,nhuh?\" \"I would say so,\" Jody said, shocked. \"That's going to cut at least twonyears off her dancing career, if it doesn't end it completely.\" \"I'm telling you.\" Eva shook her head again. \"You'd think they'd be morencareful, you know?\" Without a word, Cooper got up abruptly and headed for the door, his facenstill alarmingly low in color. \"Cooper?\" Jody asked. \"What's the matt-\" He made a slashing gesture in the air with his palm and pushed the doornopen with such great force that it hit the wall opposite it with a terrificncrash, shaking the entire building and nearly braining poor Charlie, whonwas walking in with a Diet Coke. \"Hey, what's the big idea?!?\" Charlie demanded, shaking Coke droplets offnhis shirt. Cooper ignored him and headed for the front door, teeth clenched, hairnflying. He strode out onto the street in his slippers and dance gear,nsending a small flock of pigeons feeding in front scurrying for cover.nEva, Charlie, and Jody, who had run to the front door, watched him stalk tonthe edge of the sidewalk, hail a cab, and take off down the street. \"Whoa,\" muttered Eva. \"I'll say,\" Jody said, eyes wide. **I'll update soon! Find out what happens to Cooper! Review reviewnreview!!!***[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I own nothing. The Man owns everything. Rating: PG-13, still. \"Oh, my God, he's flipped again.\" Eva muttered. Charlie said nothing, but the look on his face showed that he was inclinednto agree with her. \"We have to stop him,\" Jody said with conviction. Eve shot her an incredulous look. \"And how do propose we do that?\" shenasked. \"Wait for a red light and then grand jete in front of the cab?\" Jody ignored her friend's sarcasm and grabbed Charlie's hand, yanking himnacross the sidewalk. \"We can hail a cab and catch him at the school. Comenon!\" \"How are you so sure that's where he's going?\" Charlie yelled, trippingnalong behind her. \"Where else would he go?\" Frantic now, Jody stepped into the street andnflagged a cab down with her free hand. Charlie yanked her back as thenyellow vehicle came screaming up to the curb, braking sharply. \"Jody- arenyou crazy? Do you WANT to get hit?\" Jody ignored her boyfriend's protests and threw herself into the cab'snbackseat. Charlie slid in after her and Eva barely made it in before Jodynslammed the door shut. The cab began to slide away from the curb. \"Jody,\" Eva huffed, trying to disentangle herself from Charlie (in her rushnto jump in the cab, she'd landed right on his lap) \"do you know how much itnCOSTS to ride to the ABA from here in a cab?\" When he heard that, the cabbie slammed on his brakes, and all three ofnthem jerked forward violently. Charlie hit his nose on the back of thenseat. \"What the hell is wrong with you?!? Are you trying to KILL us?!?!\" Evanscreamed, rising half up in her seat. He ignored her. \"This isn't gonna be one of those 'free rides,' now, is it?\" he asked,nglaring at the three of them through the rearview mirror. \"Hell no! We'll get out here.\" Eva made for the door, but Jody stopped hernwith a hand on her arm. \"Please drive on, sir- I have the money. Sorry about that- and step on it!\" The cabbie looked skeptical, but after a sour look in Eva's direction, henpulled away from the curb and began to drive- thankfully, more normallynthis time. Jody relaxed- slightly- and gave Charlie a concerned look. Henwas rubbing his nose and looking slightly ticked off. \"Are you okay?\" \"It's not broken,\" he said, irritably. \"God, Jody, why are we doing this?\" \"Yeah,\" Eva chimed in. \"If Cooper wants to go off on Jonathan again, thennlet him. What do you have to do with it?\" Jody looked down at her hands. \"If he does something.....crazy again, it'llnbe over for him in the ballet world. Half the community already thinks he'sna nutcase.\" \"That's because he is,\" Charlie muttered. Jody shot her boyfriend a look. \"I know Cooper a little better than younguys, okay? I just think that as his friends, we need to stop him before hendoes something really foolish.\" \"Friends?\" Eva raised an eyebrow. \"Eva......\" \"Don't 'Eva' me. Speak for yourself. Cooper's no friend of mine.\" \"OR me,\" Charlie chimed in. Then his tone softened slightly. \"Look, Jody, Injust don't think you should get involved-\" \"Charlie.\" Jody cut him off. \"We have to keep him from dong anything crazy.nPlease trust me. If he.......Jonathan is tolerating his leaving the companynNOW, but there's no telling what will happen if he goes off and.......Jonathannhas a lot of power, you guys.\" There was silence as the enormity of what she had just said sunk in- theynknew that what she was saying was the truth. After a minute, Eva broke the silence, sitting back and tucking her handsnunder her head. \"Well,\" she said with her old mischievous smile back on hernface, \"if we don't get there in time, at least we know we're going to seenone helluva show.\" Jody sot her friend a Look, but couldn't suppress her own smile. \"You'renterrible.\" \"I wonder why Cooper reacted so violently in the first place.\" Charlienmused out loud. Jody shrugged. \"It's not as if he hasn't done anything like that before.nRemember what happened when Kathleen got married?\" \"Yeah.\" The story had been all over New York that summer; EVERYBODY knewnit. Charlie shook his head. \"The guy's unstable.\" \"Not unstable,\" Jody defended him. \"Just hotheaded and impulsive.....okay,nmaybe a LITTLE unstable,\" she finally conceded. \"Damn straight,\" muttered Eva. \"What he needs is another girlfriend,\" Charlie said, grinning. \"BesidesnYOU, that is,\" he said to Jody, poking her in the ribs. Jody jumped away from him, swatting him playfully. \"I don't know anynfemales that could deal with him....except maybe.......\" She cocked her head andngave Eva a grin that was positively diabolical. \"You must be out of your mind,\" Eva said, calmly. Jody began laughing so hard that Charlie joined in the teasing, glad thatnhe had gotten Jody out of her mood. \"I think you two would make a cute......\" \"STOP!\" Eva finally gave in and began to laugh herself. \"He's a cutenbastard, I'll give him that,\" she said. \"But he's too conceited for me. AndnI tend to like my men sane. And not enamored with married ballerinas.\" At the mention of Kathleen, Jody sobered. \"I hope we'll catch him in time,\"nshe said, worriedly. \"Or that he'll calm down before gets there.\" \"How are we so sure that's where he's going, anyway?\" Charlie brought up.n\"He could just be going to blow off some steam somewhere, for all we know.\" \"That's true......\" Jody bit her lip, wrinkling her nose as she did so. \"Indidn't even think of that......\" Charlie took a look at her face, then bent to kiss her, softly. \"You'rendoing a good thing.\" He squeezed her shoulder gently. Truth was, he was anlittle hurt at the thought that Jody would go running off after Cooper atnthe drop of a hat- but he DID head her company. He sighed, inwardly. Ifnonly- His concentration was broken when Jody kissed him back, catching his lowernlip between her teeth. \"So what do I get for doing this good deed withnyou?\" he growled, low. He grinned, then touched the side of her face. She laughed and kissed him again. \"Wait and see-\"and she pulled his headndown...... \"GOD.\" Eva said loudly, breaking the spell. \"Could you two let UP for anminute?\" They laughed, separated, and sat back for the car ride. *************************************** It was exactly one hour later when the cabbie pulled up to the front of thengray brick ABA building, sending them off with a middle-finger-salute whennhe found that they had no plans to tip him for his pains in getting therenfast. Eva saluted him back with both hands, and they began to run up thensteps, eyes scanning every direction. \"Do you SEE him?\" Jody asked, frantically. \"If I did, I would mention it, wouldn't I?\" Eva asked, grumpily. \"Let's split up!\" Jody ran in the opposite direction. After five minutes had passed and it became clear that Cooper was notnoutside, the trio burst through the doors of the school, stopping only tonflash their ID cards at the receptionist, then dashing up to the secondnfloor. \"Oh....my.....Lord......\" wheezed Eva. Jody ignored her and Charlie's theatrics and ran straight down the hall,nstraight for Jonathan's office. \"We.....have....to....\" she gasped. \"Jody.\" The low, male voice calling her name made her freeze in her tracks. Charlienand Eva, behind her, crashed into her most ungracefully. \"Jody? What are you doing here?\" The threesome turned as one in time to see the sight of a tousled-hairednCooper Neilson emerge from one of the smaller studio rooms. Ironically, itnwas the same one that she, Charlie and himself had used, practicingn\"Dancing in New York\" all those weeks. Jody heard Eva begin to sputter, (\"you mean we came all the way here andnhe's not doing ANYTHING??\") but Charlie retracted with his usual tact,ntaking Eva by the elbow and giving her a meaningful look. \"I'll walk younover to the dorms, Eva,\" he said, and they were gone. Jody turned back to Cooper, unsure of what to say. He was looking at thenfloor. \"You came after me.\" \"I did. I'm sorry, but I was so worried that you would-\" \"Was going to. I decided not to.\" Cooper turned and walked back into the studio, looking tired. He was stillndressed in his tights, but Jody noted that his flannel shirt was knottednaround his waist, Catholic-schoolboy style, and he was shirtless. \"Closenthe door behind you,\" he said, walking to the window. Jody did so and soundlessly joined him at the window. \"I didn't say anything to her,\" he said, glancing over at Jody. \"You didn't?\" Thank you, God, she thought, mentally. \"I......\" \"It's okay. You don't need to apologize.\" He paused, then focused his largenblue eyes on her. \"You don't need to apologize for anything I do.\" Jody smiled slightly and leaned against the windowpane, enjoying thencoolness of the glass on her cheek. \"Do you think I'm crazy, Jody?\" Cooper's voice had gotten so low that itnwas almost impossible to make out his words. \"Cooper, I'm sure that no one thinks you're-\" \"Not anyone else. Just you.\" Cooper glanced at her again. \"Be honest.\" \"No.\" Jody said without hesitation. \"Sometimes I think I might be. About her, I mean.\" He turned away from her.n\"Since the day-\" \"That you met?\" \"No.\" Cooper turned back to her, a little smirk on his face. \"I thought shenwas the scrawniest little thing I'd ever seen when we met. All arms andnlegs, and those big-ass doe eyes. She looked like a gerbil.\" He paused. Jody sat up on the windowsill, crossed her legs, and looked into his face,nlistening. \"Then we danced......and it was like nothing I'd ever experienced before,\"nCooper said, low. \"It was in the balcony scene of Romeo and Juliet....Inremember....she was staring down at me, like I was the only one in thenworld.....\" he swallowed. Jody rested a hand on his back, gently. \"It went on from there. I've never danced with a woman who fit me so well.nIt's about the dance, in a way....we just....fit, you know?\" \"Yeah.\" Jody said, softly. \"I know.\" \"The news that Eva brought was kind of the last straw,\" Cooper said withnanother ironic smirk. \"I truly had no idea what I was doing until I gotnhere. Did I really look as crazy as I think I did?\" \"Yes. Pretty much,\" Jody said, gently. Cooper laughed-a short, barking sound- and suddenly reached out to her,nhugging her tightly to his bare chest. He smelled like sweat, Old Spice,nand cigarettes. Underneath his warm skin, she could hear his heart beatingnsteadily. Jody waited for a moment before breaking the embrace, separating them bynbracing her palms on his chest, though his arms were still around her. \"Arenyou going to be okay?\" she asked. He looked at her in the eye and gave her a rather sickly smile, thenndropped his arms, noticeably avoiding the question. \"You're good for me,nJody Sawyer.\" She smiled back, a little uneasily. \"Come on....let's go.\" The two exited the room, though Cooper looked no less troubled than he hadnbefore. \"Dance practice tonight,\" were his parting words as they separatednon the steps. \"Right,\" Jody muttered, watching him go. What a guy. She turned and headed for the dorms in search of Eva andnCharlie.","LastChapter":"Disclaimer: I own nothing. The Man owns everything. Rating: PG-13, still. \"Oh, my God, he's flipped again.\" Eva muttered. Charlie said nothing, but the look on his face showed that he was inclinednto agree with her. \"We have to stop him,\" Jody said with conviction. Eve shot her an incredulous look. \"And how do propose we do that?\" shenasked. \"Wait for a red light and then grand jete in front of the cab?\" Jody ignored her friend's sarcasm and grabbed Charlie's hand, yanking himnacross the sidewalk. \"We can hail a cab and catch him at the school. Comenon!\" \"How are you so sure that's where he's going?\" Charlie yelled, trippingnalong behind her. \"Where else would he go?\" Frantic now, Jody stepped into the street andnflagged a cab down with her free hand. Charlie yanked her back as thenyellow vehicle came screaming up to the curb, braking sharply. \"Jody- arenyou crazy? Do you WANT to get hit?\" Jody ignored her boyfriend's protests and threw herself into the cab'snbackseat. Charlie slid in after her and Eva barely made it in before Jodynslammed the door shut. The cab began to slide away from the curb. \"Jody,\" Eva huffed, trying to disentangle herself from Charlie (in her rushnto jump in the cab, she'd landed right on his lap) \"do you know how much itnCOSTS to ride to the ABA from here in a cab?\" When he heard that, the cabbie slammed on his brakes, and all three ofnthem jerked forward violently. Charlie hit his nose on the back of thenseat. \"What the hell is wrong with you?!? Are you trying to KILL us?!?!\" Evanscreamed, rising half up in her seat. He ignored her. \"This isn't gonna be one of those 'free rides,' now, is it?\" he asked,nglaring at the three of them through the rearview mirror. \"Hell no! We'll get out here.\" Eva made for the door, but Jody stopped hernwith a hand on her arm. \"Please drive on, sir- I have the money. Sorry about that- and step on it!\" The cabbie looked skeptical, but after a sour look in Eva's direction, henpulled away from the curb and began to drive- thankfully, more normallynthis time. Jody relaxed- slightly- and gave Charlie a concerned look. Henwas rubbing his nose and looking slightly ticked off. \"Are you okay?\" \"It's not broken,\" he said, irritably. \"God, Jody, why are we doing this?\" \"Yeah,\" Eva chimed in. \"If Cooper wants to go off on Jonathan again, thennlet him. What do you have to do with it?\" Jody looked down at her hands. \"If he does something.....crazy again, it'llnbe over for him in the ballet world. Half the community already thinks he'sna nutcase.\" \"That's because he is,\" Charlie muttered. Jody shot her boyfriend a look. \"I know Cooper a little better than younguys, okay? I just think that as his friends, we need to stop him before hendoes something really foolish.\" \"Friends?\" Eva raised an eyebrow. \"Eva......\" \"Don't 'Eva' me. Speak for yourself. Cooper's no friend of mine.\" \"OR me,\" Charlie chimed in. Then his tone softened slightly. \"Look, Jody, Injust don't think you should get involved-\" \"Charlie.\" Jody cut him off. \"We have to keep him from dong anything crazy.nPlease trust me. If he.......Jonathan is tolerating his leaving the companynNOW, but there's no telling what will happen if he goes off and.......Jonathannhas a lot of power, you guys.\" There was silence as the enormity of what she had just said sunk in- theynknew that what she was saying was the truth. After a minute, Eva broke the silence, sitting back and tucking her handsnunder her head. \"Well,\" she said with her old mischievous smile back on hernface, \"if we don't get there in time, at least we know we're going to seenone helluva show.\" Jody sot her friend a Look, but couldn't suppress her own smile. \"You'renterrible.\" \"I wonder why Cooper reacted so violently in the first place.\" Charlienmused out loud. Jody shrugged. \"It's not as if he hasn't done anything like that before.nRemember what happened when Kathleen got married?\" \"Yeah.\" The story had been all over New York that summer; EVERYBODY knewnit. Charlie shook his head. \"The guy's unstable.\" \"Not unstable,\" Jody defended him. \"Just hotheaded and impulsive.....okay,nmaybe a LITTLE unstable,\" she finally conceded. \"Damn straight,\" muttered Eva. \"What he needs is another girlfriend,\" Charlie said, grinning. \"BesidesnYOU, that is,\" he said to Jody, poking her in the ribs. Jody jumped away from him, swatting him playfully. \"I don't know anynfemales that could deal with him....except maybe.......\" She cocked her head andngave Eva a grin that was positively diabolical. \"You must be out of your mind,\" Eva said, calmly. Jody began laughing so hard that Charlie joined in the teasing, glad thatnhe had gotten Jody out of her mood. \"I think you two would make a cute......\" \"STOP!\" Eva finally gave in and began to laugh herself. \"He's a cutenbastard, I'll give him that,\" she said. \"But he's too conceited for me. AndnI tend to like my men sane. And not enamored with married ballerinas.\" At the mention of Kathleen, Jody sobered. \"I hope we'll catch him in time,\"nshe said, worriedly. \"Or that he'll calm down before gets there.\" \"How are we so sure that's where he's going, anyway?\" Charlie brought up.n\"He could just be going to blow off some steam somewhere, for all we know.\" \"That's true......\" Jody bit her lip, wrinkling her nose as she did so. \"Indidn't even think of that......\" Charlie took a look at her face, then bent to kiss her, softly. \"You'rendoing a good thing.\" He squeezed her shoulder gently. Truth was, he was anlittle hurt at the thought that Jody would go running off after Cooper atnthe drop of a hat- but he DID head her company. He sighed, inwardly. Ifnonly- His concentration was broken when Jody kissed him back, catching his lowernlip between her teeth. \"So what do I get for doing this good deed withnyou?\" he growled, low. He grinned, then touched the side of her face. She laughed and kissed him again. \"Wait and see-\"and she pulled his headndown...... \"GOD.\" Eva said loudly, breaking the spell. \"Could you two let UP for anminute?\" They laughed, separated, and sat back for the car ride. *************************************** It was exactly one hour later when the cabbie pulled up to the front of thengray brick ABA building, sending them off with a middle-finger-salute whennhe found that they had no plans to tip him for his pains in getting therenfast. Eva saluted him back with both hands, and they began to run up thensteps, eyes scanning every direction. \"Do you SEE him?\" Jody asked, frantically. \"If I did, I would mention it, wouldn't I?\" Eva asked, grumpily. \"Let's split up!\" Jody ran in the opposite direction. After five minutes had passed and it became clear that Cooper was notnoutside, the trio burst through the doors of the school, stopping only tonflash their ID cards at the receptionist, then dashing up to the secondnfloor. \"Oh....my.....Lord......\" wheezed Eva. Jody ignored her and Charlie's theatrics and ran straight down the hall,nstraight for Jonathan's office. \"We.....have....to....\" she gasped. \"Jody.\" The low, male voice calling her name made her freeze in her tracks. Charlienand Eva, behind her, crashed into her most ungracefully. \"Jody? What are you doing here?\" The threesome turned as one in time to see the sight of a tousled-hairednCooper Neilson emerge from one of the smaller studio rooms. Ironically, itnwas the same one that she, Charlie and himself had used, practicingn\"Dancing in New York\" all those weeks. Jody heard Eva begin to sputter, (\"you mean we came all the way here andnhe's not doing ANYTHING??\") but Charlie retracted with his usual tact,ntaking Eva by the elbow and giving her a meaningful look. \"I'll walk younover to the dorms, Eva,\" he said, and they were gone. Jody turned back to Cooper, unsure of what to say. He was looking at thenfloor. \"You came after me.\" \"I did. I'm sorry, but I was so worried that you would-\" \"Was going to. I decided not to.\" Cooper turned and walked back into the studio, looking tired. He was stillndressed in his tights, but Jody noted that his flannel shirt was knottednaround his waist, Catholic-schoolboy style, and he was shirtless. \"Closenthe door behind you,\" he said, walking to the window. Jody did so and soundlessly joined him at the window. \"I didn't say anything to her,\" he said, glancing over at Jody. \"You didn't?\" Thank you, God, she thought, mentally. \"I......\" \"It's okay. You don't need to apologize.\" He paused, then focused his largenblue eyes on her. \"You don't need to apologize for anything I do.\" Jody smiled slightly and leaned against the windowpane, enjoying thencoolness of the glass on her cheek. \"Do you think I'm crazy, Jody?\" Cooper's voice had gotten so low that itnwas almost impossible to make out his words. \"Cooper, I'm sure that no one thinks you're-\" \"Not anyone else. Just you.\" Cooper glanced at her again. \"Be honest.\" \"No.\" Jody said without hesitation. \"Sometimes I think I might be. About her, I mean.\" He turned away from her.n\"Since the day-\" \"That you met?\" \"No.\" Cooper turned back to her, a little smirk on his face. \"I thought shenwas the scrawniest little thing I'd ever seen when we met. All arms andnlegs, and those big-ass doe eyes. She looked like a gerbil.\" He paused. Jody sat up on the windowsill, crossed her legs, and looked into his face,nlistening. \"Then we danced......and it was like nothing I'd ever experienced before,\"nCooper said, low. \"It was in the balcony scene of Romeo and Juliet....Inremember....she was staring down at me, like I was the only one in thenworld.....\" he swallowed. Jody rested a hand on his back, gently. \"It went on from there. I've never danced with a woman who fit me so well.nIt's about the dance, in a way....we just....fit, you know?\" \"Yeah.\" Jody said, softly. \"I know.\" \"The news that Eva brought was kind of the last straw,\" Cooper said withnanother ironic smirk. \"I truly had no idea what I was doing until I gotnhere. Did I really look as crazy as I think I did?\" \"Yes. Pretty much,\" Jody said, gently. Cooper laughed-a short, barking sound- and suddenly reached out to her,nhugging her tightly to his bare chest. He smelled like sweat, Old Spice,nand cigarettes. Underneath his warm skin, she could hear his heart beatingnsteadily. Jody waited for a moment before breaking the embrace, separating them bynbracing her palms on his chest, though his arms were still around her. \"Arenyou going to be okay?\" she asked. He looked at her in the eye and gave her a rather sickly smile, thenndropped his arms, noticeably avoiding the question. \"You're good for me,nJody Sawyer.\" She smiled back, a little uneasily. \"Come on....let's go.\" The two exited the room, though Cooper looked no less troubled than he hadnbefore. \"Dance practice tonight,\" were his parting words as they separatednon the steps. \"Right,\" Jody muttered, watching him go. What a guy. She turned and headed for the dorms in search of Eva andnCharlie.","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters mentioned in the movien\"Center Stage.\" I just enjo","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Romance - Chapters: 4   - Words: 9,469 - Reviews: 78 - Favs: 32 - Follows: 30 - Updated: 4 8 2004 - Published: 5 14 2003 - id: 1344983 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Center Stage 2","Author":"Bobby-Rogue-Kitty-Colossus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3188185","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ChapternOne \"Thatnwas amazing.\" Jody said. She rested her head against Charlie'snchest. It was the night of the workshop. She and Charlie had justngotten together. They went to the party, but didn't stay long. Theyndecided to do it in her dorm room. Maureen would be with Jim. Evanwould be out partying all night. \"No,nyou're amazing.\" Charlie smiled back at her. Yes! I got thengirl. He thought. He wanted Jody since he laid eyes on her. Therenwas the thing with Cooper Nielson that stood in the way, but he wasnout of the way. Jody chose him. He would make her happy. Charlienstood up, slid on his boxer briefs, and walked to other side of thenroom. \"Where are you going?\" Jody asked. \"We have the room tonourselves tonight.\" \"Inknow. I'm just putting on some music.\" Charlie responded. Henfound the CD he was looking for. He put it on and Backstreet Boy'snI'll never break your heart came on.\" Hencrawled back under the covers. \"I love you. You understand me andnlove me for me.\" Jody told him. \"Inknow. I love you too. And I'm not just saying that.\" Thennext morning, there was a knock at the door. \"Jody?\" it wasnJuliette Simone. \"Shit.\"nJody swore. \"Whatnare we going to do?\" Charlie whispered? Men weren't allowed innthe boys dorms. \"Crawlnunder my bed.\" Jody instructed. He did what she said. She threwncovers down and blocked the view from under the bed. \"Holdnon a second.\" Jody called. She picked up his clothes and stuffednthem under her pillows. \"Yeah?\"nshe asked when she answered the door. \"Injust wanted to congratulate you personally for last nightsnperformance. I also wanted to tell you that I admired what you saidnto Jonathan and me, but he was going to offer you a spot in thencompany. And you wouldn't have been in the corps.\" Smallnmovements outside made her look in the room. She was about to looknaway, when she noticed someone's foot under Jody's bed. Shensmiled. She did the same thing when she was here. Shenleaned forward and whispered, \"Next time, you might want to find anbetter hiding place.\" Jodynlooked at her. \"What do you mean?\" Juliettensmiled and pointed to Charlie's foot. \"It's okay. I won'tntell anyone.\" \"Charlie,nyou might as well come out. She's knows you're here.\" Charlienwaved his hand out from under the bed. \"Hello.\" \"Hello,nCharlie.\" Juliette smiled. \"You guys might want to get downstairsnbefore anyone notices that you're together.\" Justnthen, Eva showed up. \"Morning guys.\" She said, going into thenroom. \"Umm.\"nJuliette started. \"What?\"nEva asked, she reached down and picked up Jody's blanket. \"Ahh.\"nShe screamed. She noticed Charlie. At least he was wearing his boxernbriefs. \"That'snwhat.\" Jody said. \"Insee someone had a good time last night.\" Eva commented. \"I'llnsee you ladies down stairs.\" Juliette said, closing the door. Charlienrolled from under the bed and grabbed his clothes. \"I'll see younin about five minutes.\" He gave her a quick kiss and left. \"Whatnhappened?\" \"Likenyou don't know.\" Jody smiled. She headed over to the closet andnpulled out a pair of jeans, a t-shirt and some sneakers. \"It'snabout time.\" Eva said, quickly changed. Downstairsnin the boy's dorm, Sergei jumped Charlie. \"You didn't come backnlast night. Then you come back this morning in your underwear. I wantndetails.\" \"I'mnnot going into details, but let's just say I found the woman fornme.\" Charlie smiled. \"Jody?\" Charliennodded. He threw on some clothes. \"I have to go. I'm meeting hernin the lobby in a few minutes.\" \"Congratulations.\"nSergei called. \"Thanks.\" Charlienheaded out the door. Sergei opened a drawer and found a small blacknbox. He opened it and found the most magnificent ring he had evernseen. It had twelve diamonds in it. The inscription said, to thenlove of my life, Jody. Sergei's jaw dropped. He looked afternCharlie.[Chapter 2] ChapternTwo \"Inknow what you have planned and I think you should go for it.\"nSergei said to Charlie. Charlienslid off his pants. \"What do you mean?\" he finished undressingnand crawled into bed. \"Infound the engagement ring.\" \"What?nDid you tell Jody?\" \"No,nbut I think you should go for it.\" Sergei said. \"She loves you. Inreally think it could work.\" Thennext day, the group was our having ice-cream. \"Jody, I have anquestion to ask you.\" Charlie said. He caught Sergei's eye. Hennodded. \"What'snthat?\" Jody asked. Charliengot on one knee and pulled out his box. \"Will you marry me?\" Henopened the box to show the ring. Jodynlooked at Eva and Maureen. They nodded. Maureen held up her hand tonshow that Jim proposed too. \"Yes,nCharlie Sims, I will marry you.\" Jody said. \"Yes!\"nCharlie exclaimed. He slipped the ring on her finger, twirled her andnkissed her. \"Wherenwill we live?\" Jody asked. \"Actually,nwe were thinking of getting an apartment together.\" Maureen spokenup. \"Wenwho?\" Jody asked. \"Maureen,nJim, you, Charlie, Sergei, Galina, Eric and i.\" Eva explained. \"Younguys knew about this?\" Jody asked. \"OnlynI did.\" Sergei said. \"I found the ring.\" \"Yeah.nThe only thing they knew was about us getting an apartment together.\"nCharlie confirmed. Jodynhugged Charlie once again. \"So, stud, when's the wedding date?\" \"Inwas thinking in about a month.\" Charlie responded. \"Thensooner the better.\" Jody smiled. Ericnlooked at his watch. \"Um guys, don't you have to be somewhere?\" \"Oh,nshit.\" Charlie called. \"We need to get going.\" \"I'llnsee you after practice.\" Jody said. She kissed Charlie and headedntoward Cooper's studio. Charlienwatched her go. \"You see that?\" he asked the others. \"That'snmy soon-to-be wife.\" \"Yeah,nyeah, Romeo. We need to get going.\" Sergei said, tugging onnCharlie's shirt.[Chapter 3] ChapternThree \"Downnand up.\" Cooper instructed. \"Left leg up.\" Jodynheard him, but she was in another place entirely. Cooper was walkingnaround the room to make sure that his ballerinas were doing what theynneeded to. He stopped at Jody. She raised her legs and arms, she wentndown, came back up, but she did it with a smile on her face. \"Well,nsomeone's happy today.\" Cooper said, bring Jody back to reality. \"Yep,ngot enough sleep last night.\" Which was a total lie. She spentnyesterday afternoon with Maureen, Eva and Galina looking for weddingndresses. Then she spent a romantic evening with Charlie. Coopernlooked down at Jody's hand, to make sure that she had a tight gripnon the bar, when he noticed her engagement ring. \"Wow, nice ring.\"nHe said, sarcastically. \"Thanksnfor noticing. I've only had it on for like a week.\" Jodynretaliated back. \"Sonwhen's your wedding to Mr. Perfect?\" Cooper sneered. \"Ifnyou're referring to Charlie, in three weeks.\" Jody said. Insidenshe was jumping for joy. Only three more weeks. She thought tonherself. \"Well,ncongratulations to you both.\" Cooper said, even though they bothnknew he didn't mean it. Afternpractice, Jody told everyone what happened. Charlie had a grin fromnear to ear. \"So,nwhat's left?\" Eric asked. \"Well,nwe have to mail out the invitations…\" Jody started. \"Alreadyndone that.\" Eva interrupted. \"What?\" \"Yeah,nI saw them on the table yesterday and I mailed them off for you. Inknow you guys have enough on your plates already. Just trying to helpnyou out as much as possible.\" She explained. \"Okay,nwe need the cake, the rings, and we need to call and book a churchnand someone to marry us.\" Jody concluded. Maureennand Jim rose. \"We'd love to stick around, but we have stuff thatnwe have to do.\" She said. \"Okay,nsee you later at the house.\" Afternthey were gone, the group went back to talking about wedding details.nJust the Cooper walked by. When he saw them, a look of resentment andnhatred came across his face. Henstopped by briefly. \"Jody told me the news today.\" Charlienput his arm around Jody's shoulder. \"Yeah, it is wonderful news.\"nCooper was about to leave, when Charlie added, \"I guess this time I got the girl.\" Cooper'sneyes flashed red, and he stormed off. After he was out of ear shot,neveryone burst into laughter. Laternon that night, at dinner, the conversation about the wedding camenback up. \"Bynthe way, Maureen, when is your wedding?\" Jody asked, not forgettingnthat she too was engaged. Maureennlooked at Jim. He was the one to answer. \"We're thinking three ornfour months.\" Afterndinner, everyone went off to do separate things. Eva and Eric went tonthe mall to look for guys. Maureen and Jim went to bowling with Jim'snfriends. Galina and Sergei went to ABA to practice their piece. Thatnleft the whole house to Charlie and Jody. Theynwere snuggled on the couch, watching TV. The next thing Jody knew,nCharlie got up, turned the TV off, and pulled Jody to her feet. \"Donyou know what we haven't done in a while?\" He asked her. \"Indon't know, but I'm sure that you'll tell me.\" Jody smiled. Charlienkissed her. \"We haven't danced together in a while.\" He wentnover and put some music on, suddenly, the two were sweeping acrossnthe floor. Whennthey were done, Jody smiled. \"I love you.\" \"Inlove you too.\" He replied. Thennext morning, Charlie had to be at practice first thing. He left Jodyna note. Whennshe awoke, the note was on her pillow. I'll be available aboutnnoon, we go and buy the wedding rings then. Love, Charlie. Jodynsmiled to herself. She got up, showered and started her day. Atnnoon, Charlie arrived home. The door was unlocked, which meant thatnJody was home. \"Jody.\" He called. He heard sobbing in their room.nHe opened the door and saw Jody on the bed, her eyes red from crying. Charlienrushed over to her. \"What's wrong?\" He asked. \"Youndon't want to marry me.\" Jody cried. \"Ofncourse I do. I wouldn't have asked you if I didn't want to marrynyou.\" \"Youndeserve much better.\" \"Inlove you. No matter what.\" Charlie assured her. \"Younwouldn't if you knew about me.\" Jody said. Charlienjust sat back. Jodyncontinued. \"I didn't want to tell you, but I can't hide it anynlonger. I have to shave everyday or every other day. I have to shaveneverything. My legs, armpits, and my face.\" \"You'renface?\" Charlie asked, smiling. \"IfnI don't shave almost everyday, if not, I grow a beard and anmustache.\" Jody sobbed even harder. Charliencupped Jody's face in his hands. \"I love you for you. Also, can Intell you something? My grandmother had to shave everyday of her lifenand that didn't stop my grandfather. Not to mention, now I have anshaving buddy.\" \"You'renokay with that?\" \"I'mnvery okay with that. Nothing is going to stop me from marrying you.\"nHe assured her. Jodynwiped the tears from her eyes. \"I feel so foolish.\" \"Nonsense.\"nCharlie took her hand. \"I have an idea. Why don't we go outntonight?\" \"Okay.nI have to go and practice until three. Why don't we go out then?nYou can pick me up.\" Jody suggested. \"Okay.\"nCharlie gave her one last kiss before she took off.[Chapter 4] ChapternFour \"Tonight'snthe rehearsal dinner.\" Charlie told Sergei, Eric and Jim. \"Don'tnforget to arrive.\" Acrossntown, at the spa, Jody was excited. \"Tomorrow's the wedding. Incan't wait.\" \"Girl,nwe need to get you all done up, and then it's off to bed, so youndon't fall asleep walking down the isle.\" Eva was saying. \"Inthink it is really sweet that you made all of us your bride'snmaids.\" Maureen was saying. \"Yeah,nyou didn't even really know me.\" Galina added. \"You'renSergei's girlfriend, and you're our friend. It really isn't anbig deal.\" Jody assured them. Thatnnight at the rehearsal dinner, Charlie and Jody got everyone situatednwhere they were supposed to be. \"Jody,nyou're going to spend the night with us, at a hotel.\" Eva said. \"Yeah,nit's bad luck for the groom to see the bride before the wedding.\"nMaureen added. \"Nonit's not. It's just bad luck to see her in the dress.\" Charlienprotested. \"It'snfine.\" Jody said, giving him a kiss. The other girls ushered hernaway. Afternseeing her go, Charlie walked to a bunch of guys in the company.n\"Tomorrow, I need to make sure that Cooper Nielson doesn't getninto the church. At least not until we're officially married.\" Thenguys looked at each other and smiled. They hated Cooper Nielson. \"Wencan do that.\" Thennext morning, the girls drove Jody to the church. They rushed herninto her dress, they did her hair, her make up, they added jewels,nand made her look like a princess. Overnin the groom's room, Charlie was already to go. He starednimpatiently in the mirror. Then he turned to Jim. \"Can you go andnsee if the girls are ready?\" Jimnnodded. Therenwas a knock at the door. Galina went to answer it. It was Jim. Sheninformed him that they were ready. Justnthen, they wedding march started. \"Thisnis it, ladies.\" Eva said, getting into position. Thengirls each took their turns, walking out. Jody took a deep breath andngot into position. Waiting for her cue. There it is. Shenthought to herself. She took her first step, walking into the light.nEvery eye was on her. Wow! Charlie thought when he saw Jody. He was magnificent. Her hair wasndone up in a bun, with two blond tendrils hanging down in her face.nHer dress was sleeveless, and showed off some of her back. The Tiaranheld the veil in place. Even through the veil, he could see her face.nShe had on light pink lip stick, her eyes were lightly dusted withnglitter and there was a gem by her eyes. Light blush covered herncheeks. Her shoes were made of the finest materials. Herndad was walking her done the isle and she glanced over at the pews.nAll of her family and friends were there. In the front, her mother'sneyes were filled with tears. Her gaze landed on Charlie. He lookednespecially handsome today. He eyes met hers and she smiled. He smilednback. Whennshe reached the altar, Her father lifted her veil and kissed her onnthe cheek. Then, Charlie took her hand and together they faced thenpastor. Hencleared his throat and began. \"Dearly and beloved, we are gatherednhere today to unite Charles Sims and Jody Sawyer together in HolynMatrimony. Who gives this woman away?\" Mr.nSawyer stepped forward. \"Her mother and I do.\" Then he sat downnnext to his wife. \"Donyou, Charles, take Jody to be your lawfully wedded wife, to love andncherish, to have and to hold, for better or for worse, for richer ornpoorer, in sickness and in health, till death do you part?\" \"Younbet I do.\" He replied, getting a laugh out of the audience. \"Donyou, Jody, take Charles to be your lawfully wedded husband, to lovenand cherish, to have and to hold, for better or for worse, for richernor poorer, in sickness and in health, till death do you part?\" Shensmiled. \"I do.\" \"Ifnthere is anyone here today that thinks these two should not bed wed,nspeak now or forever hold your peace.\" Meanwhile,noutside the church, Cooper was fight hell and high water to get in.nthe guys that Charlie asked, kept him from getting inside. He wasndrunk off of his ass. \"Younaren't getting in, asshole.\" One of the kids said. Backninside the church, the pastor continued. \"By the powers invested innme, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride.\" Charliensmiled at her, lifted her veil, and pulled her close. \"There'snnothing I wouldn't do for you.\" \"Inknow. You were patient with me, and you stuck my me, even after younheard my shaving secret.\" She then crushed her lips against his. \"Inam proud to announce for the very first time, Mr. and Mrs. CharlesnSims.\" The Pastor said. Laternat the reception, when everyone gave their toasts, it was time fornthe newlyweds to cut the cake together. Charlie gave the knife tonJody and he took her hand in his. They cut two pieces, then fed themnto each other. Thenmusic started playing and Eva got on the microphone. \"I know thenhappy couple are eager to get on their honeymoon, but before theynleave, they need to bless us with the first dance.\" Suddenly,n\"We're Dancing' by P.Y.T. came on. Charlie led Jody out on thenstage as the music played. Whennthe going starts to get rough And you feel like you've hadnenough Let the music take control of your soul Take a chancenand do what you feel Your a force they cannot live without it Youngotta break the chain yeah yeah There's a passion inside Anninner strength that drives Can't nobody take that away fromnyou It's the greatest high You set the floor on fire when youncome alive And we're dancin' And it feels alright Incan't control my desire And we're dancin' And it feelsnalright Yeah And we're dancin' And it feels alright Can'tnhold me down Gotta reach for the sky And we're dancin' Andnit feels alright Yeah Some people don't know the love younpossess They pretend what they don't understand It'snnatural You're in a world of your own Ohhhhh oh There'sna passion inside An inner strength that drives Can't nobodyntake that away from you It's the greatest high You set thenfloor on fire When you come alive And we're dancin' Andnit feels alright I can't control my desire And we'rendancin' And it feels alright Yeah Pushnit too the max Feel the room fall at your feet Don't you darenhold back Cuz it feels so good It feels alright There'sna passion inside An inner strength that drives Can't nobodyntake that away from you It's the greatest high you set the floornon fire When you come alive And we're dancin' And itnfeels alright I can't control my desire And we're dancin' Andnit feels alright Yeah And we're dancin' And it feelsnalright Can't hold me down Gotta reach for the sky And we'rendancin' And it feels alright Yeah And we're dancing Whennthe song ended, everyone clapped. Just then, Cooper burst through thencrowd. \"You don't serve her.\" He said to Charlie. Jody'snface hardened. \"Get the hell away from us. He deserves me and Indeserve him. We love each other and they're nothing you can do tonchange that. Now, if you would kindly leave, so you don't make anbigger ass out of yourself, we would all be pleased.\" Behindnher, Charlie's jaw dropped. You tell him, baby. He thought. Evangot a big smile on her face, and then was right beside Jody. \"Younheard the girl, now can you leave on your own, or do you need me tonescort you?\" \"Bitch!\"nCooper told Eva. \"Inknow, and I'm proud to be.\" Eva replied. She got the security,nand they removed him. Eventurned back to the happy couple. \"Now, for another dance.\" Charlienstepped forward. \"Actually, our flight leaves soon, so we have tonget going.\" Afterneveryone said their goodbyes, Charlie led Jody to the limo. \"Hownlong are we going to be gone?\" Jody asked. \"Aboutntwo weeks.\" Charlie replied, shutting the door.","LastChapter":"ChapternFour \"Tonight'snthe rehearsal dinner.\" Charlie told Sergei, Eric and Jim. \"Don'tnforget to arrive.\" Acrossntown, at the spa, Jody was excited. \"Tomorrow's the wedding. Incan't wait.\" \"Girl,nwe need to get you all done up, and then it's off to bed, so youndon't fall asleep walking down the isle.\" Eva was saying. \"Inthink it is really sweet that you made all of us your bride'snmaids.\" Maureen was saying. \"Yeah,nyou didn't even really know me.\" Galina added. \"You'renSergei's girlfriend, and you're our friend. It really isn't anbig deal.\" Jody assured them. Thatnnight at the rehearsal dinner, Charlie and Jody got everyone situatednwhere they were supposed to be. \"Jody,nyou're going to spend the night with us, at a hotel.\" Eva said. \"Yeah,nit's bad luck for the groom to see the bride before the wedding.\"nMaureen added. \"Nonit's not. It's just bad luck to see her in the dress.\" Charlienprotested. \"It'snfine.\" Jody said, giving him a kiss. The other girls ushered hernaway. Afternseeing her go, Charlie walked to a bunch of guys in the company.n\"Tomorrow, I need to make sure that Cooper Nielson doesn't getninto the church. At least not until we're officially married.\" Thenguys looked at each other and smiled. They hated Cooper Nielson. \"Wencan do that.\" Thennext morning, the girls drove Jody to the church. They rushed herninto her dress, they did her hair, her make up, they added jewels,nand made her look like a princess. Overnin the groom's room, Charlie was already to go. He starednimpatiently in the mirror. Then he turned to Jim. \"Can you go andnsee if the girls are ready?\" Jimnnodded. Therenwas a knock at the door. Galina went to answer it. It was Jim. Sheninformed him that they were ready. Justnthen, they wedding march started. \"Thisnis it, ladies.\" Eva said, getting into position. Thengirls each took their turns, walking out. Jody took a deep breath andngot into position. Waiting for her cue. There it is. Shenthought to herself. She took her first step, walking into the light.nEvery eye was on her. Wow! Charlie thought when he saw Jody. He was magnificent. Her hair wasndone up in a bun, with two blond tendrils hanging down in her face.nHer dress was sleeveless, and showed off some of her back. The Tiaranheld the veil in place. Even through the veil, he could see her face.nShe had on light pink lip stick, her eyes were lightly dusted withnglitter and there was a gem by her eyes. Light blush covered herncheeks. Her shoes were made of the finest materials. Herndad was walking her done the isle and she glanced over at the pews.nAll of her family and friends were there. In the front, her mother'sneyes were filled with tears. Her gaze landed on Charlie. He lookednespecially handsome today. He eyes met hers and she smiled. He smilednback. Whennshe reached the altar, Her father lifted her veil and kissed her onnthe cheek. Then, Charlie took her hand and together they faced thenpastor. Hencleared his throat and began. \"Dearly and beloved, we are gatherednhere today to unite Charles Sims and Jody Sawyer together in HolynMatrimony. Who gives this woman away?\" Mr.nSawyer stepped forward. \"Her mother and I do.\" Then he sat downnnext to his wife. \"Donyou, Charles, take Jody to be your lawfully wedded wife, to love andncherish, to have and to hold, for better or for worse, for richer ornpoorer, in sickness and in health, till death do you part?\" \"Younbet I do.\" He replied, getting a laugh out of the audience. \"Donyou, Jody, take Charles to be your lawfully wedded husband, to lovenand cherish, to have and to hold, for better or for worse, for richernor poorer, in sickness and in health, till death do you part?\" Shensmiled. \"I do.\" \"Ifnthere is anyone here today that thinks these two should not bed wed,nspeak now or forever hold your peace.\" Meanwhile,noutside the church, Cooper was fight hell and high water to get in.nthe guys that Charlie asked, kept him from getting inside. He wasndrunk off of his ass. \"Younaren't getting in, asshole.\" One of the kids said. Backninside the church, the pastor continued. \"By the powers invested innme, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride.\" Charliensmiled at her, lifted her veil, and pulled her close. \"There'snnothing I wouldn't do for you.\" \"Inknow. You were patient with me, and you stuck my me, even after younheard my shaving secret.\" She then crushed her lips against his. \"Inam proud to announce for the very first time, Mr. and Mrs. CharlesnSims.\" The Pastor said. Laternat the reception, when everyone gave their toasts, it was time fornthe newlyweds to cut the cake together. Charlie gave the knife tonJody and he took her hand in his. They cut two pieces, then fed themnto each other. Thenmusic started playing and Eva got on the microphone. \"I know thenhappy couple are eager to get on their honeymoon, but before theynleave, they need to bless us with the first dance.\" Suddenly,n\"We're Dancing' by P.Y.T. came on. Charlie led Jody out on thenstage as the music played. Whennthe going starts to get rough And you feel like you've hadnenough Let the music take control of your soul Take a chancenand do what you feel Your a force they cannot live without it Youngotta break the chain yeah yeah There's a passion inside Anninner strength that drives Can't nobody take that away fromnyou It's the greatest high You set the floor on fire when youncome alive And we're dancin' And it feels alright Incan't control my desire And we're dancin' And it feelsnalright Yeah And we're dancin' And it feels alright Can'tnhold me down Gotta reach for the sky And we're dancin' Andnit feels alright Yeah Some people don't know the love younpossess They pretend what they don't understand It'snnatural You're in a world of your own Ohhhhh oh There'sna passion inside An inner strength that drives Can't nobodyntake that away from you It's the greatest high You set thenfloor on fire When you come alive And we're dancin' Andnit feels alright I can't control my desire And we'rendancin' And it feels alright Yeah Pushnit too the max Feel the room fall at your feet Don't you darenhold back Cuz it feels so good It feels alright There'sna passion inside An inner strength that drives Can't nobodyntake that away from you It's the greatest high you set the floornon fire When you come alive And we're dancin' And itnfeels alright I can't control my desire And we're dancin' Andnit feels alright Yeah And we're dancin' And it feelsnalright Can't hold me down Gotta reach for the sky And we'rendancin' And it feels alright Yeah And we're dancing Whennthe song ended, everyone clapped. Just then, Cooper burst through thencrowd. \"You don't serve her.\" He said to Charlie. Jody'snface hardened. \"Get the hell away from us. He deserves me and Indeserve him. We love each other and they're nothing you can do tonchange that. Now, if you would kindly leave, so you don't make anbigger ass out of yourself, we would all be pleased.\" Behindnher, Charlie's jaw dropped. You tell him, baby. He thought. Evangot a big smile on her face, and then was right beside Jody. \"Younheard the girl, now can you leave on your own, or do you need me tonescort you?\" \"Bitch!\"nCooper told Eva. \"Inknow, and I'm proud to be.\" Eva replied. She got the security,nand they removed him. Eventurned back to the happy couple. \"Now, for another dance.\" Charlienstepped forward. \"Actually, our flight leaves soon, so we have tonget going.\" Afterneveryone said their goodbyes, Charlie led Jody to the limo. \"Hownlong are we going to be gone?\" Jody asked. \"Aboutntwo weeks.\" Charlie replied, shutting the door.","Summary":" ChapternOne \"Thatnwas amazing.\" Jody said. She rested her head against Charlie'snchest. It was th","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K - English - Romance - Chapters: 4   - Words: 3,484 - Reviews: 11 - Favs: 10 - Follows: 11 - Updated: 10 8 2006 - Published: 10 7 2006 - id: 3188185 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"The Mask: Science of Violence","Author":"BiscuitDude","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10957998","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lightning cracks and thunderous booms echoed around the lone FedEs aircraft braving the Atlantic storm. This did not faze the pilots; they were used to the odd unexpected and adverse weather. Neither encountered such a ferocious flurry of crackling destruction like it. Jokingly, they mocked the suspect forecaster for their misfortune. Within the cargo hold sat the perpetrator as some tribal accusations would believe a bringer of chaos, madness and destruction. Even though it had a mouth, it never spoke. It had eyes, frozen in a blank expression – red like the pits of hell. Even the strongest fell foul to its alluring emerald exterior. This was not a creature of God's creation or a weapon. It was a mask, an unassuming jade mask. If the pilots didn't land soon, it too would claim its next victims. The storm lashed out at the plane, striking whips of judgement lightning. Strong winds encouraged the craft to deviate from its current trajectory, but the pilots remained in control. Peril wrought hours passed and the craft landed at Bristol Airport in the early hours of the morning. Even on the ground, lightning strikes could be seen in the darkened sky. A welcoming committee of local mail couriers arrived to collect the incoming payload, ready to ship them off to their next flights or further inland. Intervention prevented one particular package from reaching its intended destination. One baggage attendant, very lackadaisical in his trade, lobbed the package onto the conveyer belt. Like some otherworld force defiant to disrupt the status-quo, it bounced and jostled one parcel aside, taking its place. Nobody took any notice of the mishap. At such early hours of the morning they wanted nothing more than to return to their cribs and doze off. Some had already done so; the mistake might have been noticed sooner otherwise. The package, and its mysterious contents, made its way onto the next truck heading through the rural south-west of England. An alarm blared, and a sharp snort escaped Roxanne's nose as she awoke. Resistant groans followed and she slammed her hand over the nuisance beeper. Barely eight minutes passed when the alarm went again. And again she groaned and slammed the clock, more aggressively this time. \"Agh,\" she moaned, hoisting her body from under the sheets. It was barely morning; the sun hadn't even crept through the blinds yet, inky darkness filled the room. Roxanne yawned and stretched her arms out as she prepared for another days work. The untended carpet between her toes stood sharply upwards, prickling the soles of her feet as she walked. First port of call was the bathroom. A single light over the mirror flickered several times before it pulsed indefinitely, Roxanne yawned again as she examined the bags of her eyes. Nothing a little bit of makeup won't fix, she thought. There was no need to be waxing it on like a harlot. Roxanne was modest. Shame the same rules did not apply to her haircut. Messy brunette and red highlights – or red head with brunette roots – were always her thing. It was a mistake in the first place. Just a silly prank where she decided to put red paint in her hair during primary school art class. It just stuck with her ever since. Now every morning she was making sure the tone and saturation was just right. She at least realised that dye was the answer, not paint. That was one tick off her list of things to get right in her minimal existence. Hair dye was the simplest; everything else was more of a chore to Roxanne than reward. A worthwhile job, even a career was much more important. Working as a mailroom clerk was hardly aspiring, but it at least helped keep a roof over her head and additional support meant she could still have a life and an apartment to call her own. Other artefacts of her past exploits and ambitions littered her otherwise dreary living space. A guitar lay over the sofa. Doodles of various abstract images littered her computer desk. Somewhere on the hard drive were her failed attempts at freelancing, or writing a novel. Roxanne had tried different prospects. Yet each time, they led to a dead end. She'd either given up, or was told otherwise. At least Roxanne's compulsive hoarding remained consistent. Collections of various trinkets and nick-knacks decorated her apartment, neatly hung, stowed away, or piled in a corner of one room. Some of it worthwhile pendants, the rest was just worthless junk – though not to Roxanne, despite her peers' protests. Roxanne fixed herself a simple breakfast; strawberry jam on toast, and a coffee. All she needed to kick-start a day. An extra eight minutes in bed and she was falling behind – any longer and she would be late. Always allowing herself just enough time was Roxanne's style. She jammed the last grains of toast into her gob, on the cusp of choking, and quickly adjusted her hair as she strolled out the door. For a moment she forgot to lock it, but remembered before she dashed off. Even on her way to office, she kept recounting in her mind whether or not she locked the door. Of course she did. But she remained anxious all day, every day, until she returned home. Roxanne lived out in the country, a few miles from nearby Bristol, so she had to drive her prized '75 Mustang – her parent's twenty-sixth birthday gift to her. The rural location was quiet and peaceful enough, but she really wanted to live in the city, closer to her friends. A minimum wage job was not going to get her that. Even her parents would not help her out with all their money. They did agree to pay part of her rent until Roxanne could get a better job. But each time the promise was made, Roxanne did not follow through. Now she was stuck in the mire going nowhere. She hoped her expanses into new territories would be the answer. They were not. Instead they just made Roxanne ask more questions about what she wished to achieve – what to do with her life. After so many different attempts, she wasn't sure anymore. An eerie Friday morning mist glazed the roads. The amber headlights did little to pierce the flowing veil. Not that it mattered much. Roxanne had the route ingrained in her head. She admired the visage of the cloud white wisps dancing over the ground ahead, as if in a constant dream, or driving through a ghost town. Imagining she was the only person in town – or the world. Goosebumps crawled up her skin. But she came crashing back to reality as she pulled into the car park of the mailing office. She allowed the vehicle to idle for a moment, listening to the radio DJ finish his record. When Roxanne finally clocked in for her shift at five-forty-eight-ish, she was quickly intercepted by her friend, Liz. \"Roxy! Dylan'll have your skin if he catches you.\" Early mornings had not done wonders for Liz's complexion. The amount of creases under her eyelids made her appear older. Liz and Roxanne went to the same school together, both in the same year. She was actually a few months younger than Roxanne. \"Why? I'm not late.\" Roxanne snuck a glance at the clock. She knew that she was on time - early for once. \"He saw what you wrote in the staff room.\" Roxanne reminisced and chuckled slightly. Liz remained stern and straight faced. \"Oh, come on, can't anybody have a laugh in this place?\" She had become frustrated by her colleagues' lack of tidiness in the staff room that she wrote: 'Your mother does not work here,' in big bold letters across the fridge door. Apparently that is offensive enough to warrant an ear-bashing from her supervisor, Dylan. \"If management aren't gonna do something about it. I will! Else, I'll go insane if I stay here much longer.\" The pair acquired their bags for sorting, ready for the day's tasks. \"So you said last week, and the week before that. When are you actually moving on? You've been talking about quitting for months yet here you are, still.\" Roxanne sighed heavily. \"I'm still working on it.\" \"Sure. I thought you wanted to be a writer?\" \"Musician,\" Roxanne replied as she started sorting the envelopes and packages coming through. Liz laughed, unsurprised by her friend's response. \"It's always something new with you. What's next month's agenda? Adult film star?\" Liz sniggered, forcing a slight reaction from her friend, \"Can't you just pick one thing and stick at it?\" \"You mean like I am now.\" Liz cracked a smile. \"If you put in as much effort into pursing a meaningful career as you do antagonising Dylan, you'd be an astronaut, or something, by now.\" Roxanne couldn't think of an answer. She had become content enough with her job that she did not outright leave. But she would be lying to herself if she said 'Yes. I am happy with my job.' Despite recent pursuits, she was expecting the world around to change for her benefit. She had given up trying. \"Maybe it's just waiting for me – the perfect opportunity.\" \"You'll find out eventually, I'm sure.\" Liz's reassuring smile generated a subtle tweak of Roxanne's lips. \"You…ever think of doing anything else, Liz? I don't want to think that you're here just because I am.\" \"Nah, no. This job is all I need, gives Pete a chance to look after the young 'un while I work.\" Liz married her long term boyfriend, Peter Lynch, a few years back and had a kid. Roxanne always admired their relationship; she was even a tad jealous. It wasn't that she liked Pete, not even close; it was because they were family. And, while they were not making millions, they could sustain raising a family. Roxanne had a deep, hidden yearning for such. Yet she did nothing to chase it. Just like everything else, it was an idea for the slag heap. \"It shows,\" Roxanne replied, \"You really need to do something about those eyes, Manson.\" The conversation dragged as did the day. They didn't realise the sun had come up until they took a brief cigarette break. The mist had vanished, only the clouds from their tobacco sticks filled the air, burning their throat and stinging the nostrils. Roxanne's co-workers shot her several hateful glances, silently discussing in their little cult. She couldn't make out their discussion, but she didn't care. She just imagined their heads were seven feet into the concrete. After their smoke break, Roxanne was assigned a separate section to Liz. A series of packages delivered from overseas arrived and Roxanne was tasked with sorting them. She was left alone, since the bulk of the staff had not clocked in yet. Either that or most called in sick, or were avoiding her. At least, that's what her paranoia said. She didn't mind so much – time alone and just get on with her work. After organising much of the payload, Roxanne came across an unmarked package. She examined every corner of it for an address to sort, but there was none. The edges were worn from travel and the cardboard was saturated, breaking off in her petite fingers. With no idea on where to organise it, Roxanne went to put the box aside when she heard the side rip. A solid clunk rang around the room as something hit the ground. She jumped and glanced down; a cracked, broken face stared at her from the ground – jade tinted shell and bloodshot eyes. \"Wait, is that?\" she whispered to herself. Roxanne leant down to pick it up, her eyes locked on the bloody stare. Like a magpie to silver, she was entranced by the alluring trinket. Roxanne had an idea what she was holding and she felt giddy just thinking about it. Since hearing the stories she had to have it. Where were you going? Roxanne asked herself, pulling a small smile. Without a proper address she had no idea where it was going. Flipping it over, she saw the white marker – 'Prototype #5' – etched within the concave of the mask; there was no doubt that this was it. Her smile grew and, without realising it, her eyes became drawn to the empty sockets, surprisingly clear, considering the opaque red tint on the exterior. Roxanne had to flip the mask to make sure she wasn't imagining things. Red on the outside, but clear on the inside? Curiosity took over; she wanted to wear it, to try it on, to see the world through the eyes of the mask. She pulled it closer, heart steadily pumping to the rhythm of a drum. The mask would easily cover her face, with plenty of excess. Feeling the soft touch of her own breath against the hollowed item, inch by inch, Roxanne drew closer. Distant sounds and machinery slapped her back into reality. Footsteps approached; Roxanne dropped the mask into her bag and dumped the rotted packaging. It was just the next batch of parcels being wheeled down. \"Next batch,\" the guy called as he pushed the loaded trolley to Roxanne's feet. He looked up as Roxanne tried acting innocent. \"You okay, uh-\" he struggled. \"Roxy,\" she replied, trying to dig into her work in the hope that the clerk would stop talking. \"Roxy. Roxy. You look a little flushed. Not coming down with something are ya? Or have you seen the Office Spook?\" \"You mean Dylan?\" Roxanne laughed; even the aging clerk let a baritone chuckle slip. \"Nah, no, uh, nothing like that. I'm fine. You just…caught me by surprise a little – can get a bit jumpy when alone like this.\" \"Okay. I'll oil up these squeaky joints and wheels the next time I roll by – don't want to give you a heart attack.\" I'd be thinking more for your health. Roxanne thought. He got a hold of an empty trolley. \"Oh! And beware the ghosts, Roxy. Beware!\" He joked as he walked away, his voice echoing down the halls for miles. Tyrone. That was his name, Roxanne recalled. He'd been working at the office for years - one of the longest servers. Seeing so many people come and go, no wonder he could not remember Roxanne. It had been only five years. Of course he would not remember her. Roxanne managed to continue her duties, but every time she emptied her bag, she caught a glimpse of that mask staring back at her. Sometimes, she thought she heard people talking, even when she was alone. Someone was calling her name. Roxanne . \"Hello?\" she would call out; each time there was no response. At first she thought Tyrone was playing his senile tricks again. But it was not. Even when she heard it next with Liz, she accused her. \"You're not supposed to go stir crazy until you've been here at least ten years,\" Liz joked. Roxanne was relieved when the clock ticked over to her break. It gave her the chance to drink some office coffee and kick up her feet for at least half an hour. The message she wrote was still on the staff room fridge for all to see, a group of young clerks gazed at Roxanne uniformly, branding their scornful looks into her brain. Roxanne could barely remember each of their names – she didn't bother to – but she did know one of them, all too well, Dudley Wilson. She would not indulge in their games and arguments; instead she wanted to see Liz. It wasn't often that both would get on the same break shift, but Liz sweet-talked Dylan into changing them. \"Hey, Liz,\" Roxanne said, getting as close as possible, away from the ears of the male contingent. \"Rox. Still surviving the rigours of office banter, I see.\" \"Look what I found.\" Liz sighed, her eyes drooping with disappointment, \"Don't tell me you've stolen another package again. I can't keep covering for you.\" \"It would've been no good, the label was worn-\" \"Doesn't matter,\" Liz coughed behind a cup of coffee. \"It's stealing!\" Roxanne begged Liz to keep her voice down, lest she set off the gossipy crowd. \"Look. Just look at this.\" Roxanne pulled the mask from the bottom of her pack. \"Pretty cool, yeah?\" \"I see a resemblance,\" Liz said dryly. Roxanne ignored her and pressed. \"Come on, you know what this is?\" Liz shrugged. \"Half price Tesco Halloween mask?\" \"Pfft…no.\" Roxanne surveyed around again to see if anybody was eavesdropping and jumped over the couch to sit next to Liz. \"Have you heard of Grepco Toys' Tiki Town?\" Liz became suddenly uninterested and sighed frustratingly. \"No-no, just listen-\" \"This is another one of your kleptomaniac moments, isn't it?\" Roxanne continued regardless. \"Tiki Town is a new craze coming out of New York. I read on the net that Aldo Krasker, who created the franchise, died before he could finish – some say he was mental, killed a bunch of people, but that's just blabber. Before he died, he designed these sweet looking, prototype masks that I must have one for my collection. See that?\" Roxanne pointed to the graffiti inside the mask. \"That means this is one of the originals – a real collector's item!\" \"Congrats. And I'm sure it'll look better on your shelf rather than your face.\" Roxanne feigned a sarcastic laugh and placed the mask safely with her belongings, finally surrendering to Liz's lack of intrigue. \"In a few years that mask could be worth millions-\" The staff room door suddenly flew open. A lean man with combed head of orange hair stood staring at Roxanne. Dylan. Shit. \"Miss Travellyan,\" he said sternly across the bodies of workers. Roxanne knew he was serious. He used her surname. Scary . Otherwise he would've just said 'Roxy' or 'Roxanne' for casual banter. He stared at her handiwork on the fridge. \"Defacing company property is a disciplinary offense.\" \"And defacing the staff room isn't?\" Roxanne retorted, looking at her colleagues expectantly. They all stared back at her for a moment before turning away. Roxanne imagined the kind of disgusted faces they were pulling out of her sight. Or what they were plotting to get their own back. \"I prefer a tidy staff room, not a pig sty. Else, I'll go roll in a ditch.\" \"That is true, but you failed to notice that you in fact have defaced the staff room.\" Dudley and his group sniggered and chattered amongst themselves watching Roxanne grimace and squirm. \"You could've easily discussed it with me.\" No point, you don't fucking listen. She thought, or even wanted to say. As proud as she would be by admitting it openly she knew what would happen if she did: A drawn out process with Dylan, her supervisor, in a boxy room explaining what she did, why and what would happen next. Previously it was just a piece of paper and slap-on-the-wrist outcome. How much more would Dylan put up with her? If he knew what was in the locker behind her, then that would not be much longer. 'Kill him already!' cried the haunting voice. Those same spine tingling tones unsettled her. Roxanne looked behind her briefly, as if she now knew where the voice was coming from. However she didn't want to believe it. Dylan watched her closely. \"Do you understand?\" he asked again. Roxanne didn't even realise he had asked the question already. \"Roxanne?!\" She was absorbed in her own imagination. So she had to grunt. \"Do. You. Understand?\" he repeated for the third time. \"Perfectly,\" she replied unconvincingly with an appropriate smile. Dylan glanced around for a moment, clocking everyone that witnessed the conversation. \"Good,\" he said calmly. \"So you can clean up your mess. Now.\" Roxanne felt like whacking that guy's head into the fridge. She suppressed those feelings by letting out a frustrated groan. It wasn't until Roxanne walked out of the room with Dylan that the sniggering intensified. Liz didn't appreciate her colleagues mocking Roxanne so. She too felt like pounding a few of them, or talking them to death about principle. \"You assholes are the reason for this,\" Liz said to the group, gesturing towards the graffiti. \"It's worth it to see Roxanne fly off her rocker,\" Dudley laughed. \"She gets so passionate about this shit-hole it's quite sad really.\" Fortunately, once Roxanne returned with industrial cleaning materials, the herd had thinned and Dudley was gone. Liz hung about. \"Look, don't worry about Dylan.\" \"I'm not worried,\" Roxanne strained as she prepped her spray. \"Why would I be worried? I have everything under control.\" \"I know that face,\" Liz replied. \"You've got one of your 'Roxanne's Revenge' plans brewing. Right?\" She knew of Roxy's revenge attempts: All talk, no substance. Except for one time in high school when she stubbed a cigarette on her ex's cheek. He never raised a hand against her again, but she got suspended for a few weeks. \"I'll be damned if I have to spend the rest of the day scrubbing this crap off.\" \"Did you not think to put it on paper and just tape it on? And, why of all things, did you have to use permanent marker?\" \"I never was too bright,\" Roxanne groaned sarcastically, scrubbing the marks as hard as she could. The remaining colleagues watched on with amusement. Roxanne knew it was them that left the place in a tip anyway. \"Yeah, none too bright at all, Spitfire,\" one called out. \"You missed a spot, Spitfire,\" said another, purposely chucking a wrapper down on the ground. \"I hate that name,\" Roxanne grunted. She never quite knew where the nickname originated. Maybe it was because she always shot off her mouth at anything. Or maybe it's just because her hair was red like a flame. Or it was a combination of both. \"Could be worse,\" Liz assured, \"How old are you guys again?\" \"Eighteen, mom ,\" one said. Eight years younger than both the girls. Liz wanted to smack the guy for his constant antagonising. She could see the anger boiling on Roxanne's face; it translated into her furious scrubbing. Gritted teeth and grunting made her sound like a lawnmower. \"Real mature fellas. Did Dudley teach you to be such gentlemen? Pick it up,\" Liz demanded with folded arms. The guys didn't answer. Roxanne appeared and removed the rubbish. \"Rox, what are you doing?\" \"What does it look like?\" Roxanne shrugged. \"I'm fucking cleaning, ain't I?\" Liz glided over and whispered in her ear. \"They'll keep this up if you just let them walk all over you.\" \"They're not worth my boot,\" Roxanne replied quietly, disposing of the wrapper. \"Sometimes they are worth it. You've got to get mad every now and then.\" \"I am mad!\" Roxanne raised her voice sharply, alerting the Meerkats nearby. \"But kicking dirt like them won't do me any good. I can't do without this job. The parents would not approve.\" She sneered at the group staring. \"You keep your grinning and you fucks will get yours. Eventually. I guarantee it!\" \"Oh no,\" one jested, \"I'm so freaking-terrified. What're you gonna do, Spitfire, rub me out ?\" \"Well…\" Something broke. Roxanne's face turned grim and her smile inverted, twitching as if she were hiding emotions best kept contained. \"When you're face is deep inside a concrete slab…we'll see who's laughing,\" Roxanne remarked with a twisted grin. \"Buried alive, or seeing your intestines decorating the hallway. Perhaps I'll rip out your liver and mail it first class to Hannibal Lector! Then I'll take your heart and play the bagpipes whilst I dance on your mangled corpse.\" The group didn't flinch, but Liz could sense the uneasiness between them and stepped in. \"Enough details, Rox.\" Of course they did not like the sound of Roxanne's graphic scheme. Most of all, they were enjoying the spectacle and crazy-hair Spitfire shooting off her hollow threats. Liz checked her watch: she was due back. \"Sorry Rox. I'm back on shift now. If I don't see you before, I'll see you tonight. 'Kay?\" Roxanne didn't reply. She just shrugged her shoulders before returning to her scrubbing. Honestly, Liz was somewhat relieved that she didn't have to listen to Roxanne's ranting. But she did wonder how long it would be before she snapped. Liz truly hoped it was just Roxanne doing her usual thing. This time though, she was not so sure.[Chapter 2] Roxanne was scrubbing marker off for an hour. In that time she quietly deflected the harassments from her co-workers and sat through another dull lecture from Dylan. All the while, in her head, she was plotting revenge. Deviously devising imaginative and disgusting ways to torture her tormentors was a sadistic pass-time of hers. Despite all her imaginative thinking however, she lacked nerve. Ultimately, her actions would have dire consequence that she simply could not afford. Not to mention any possible criminal convictions. Instead, she kept her motivations masked by a free-spirited façade. At the end of her shift, she just wanted to laze on her comfortable armchair and drown herself with a fine spirit. She acquired her belongings; mask included and left the office. Her relatively calm mood was wrecked when she saw her car. Just like her shenanigan with the fridge, black marker was scrawled over the passenger side door and arches. Pentagrams and hex symbols meant to deter her. Upon closer inspection, Roxanne realised that it was not pen. Running her fingers over the streaks stained them with black paint. Roxanne boiled and released a strained groan. A Civic rolled up to her. Down went the driver window and a familiar face poked out – no surprises – it was one of the staff room morons, grinning with triumph, Dudley Wilson... \"Enjoy the new paintjob, spitfire!\" he yelled and drove off with a vicious wheel spin. Roxanne screamed and threw her own bag towards the rapidly accelerating vehicle. \"Bastard!\" she screamed. \"I'll fucking end you!\" Roxanne took a moment to absorb her anger and frustration before slowly calming down – very slowly. Her head felt like an overheating thermometer. \"Calm down, Roxanne.\" She looked at her car one more time before retrieving her strewn effects. \"Look what he's done to you, the bastard.\" Most of her lunch remnants were over the parking lot, yet the mask still was inside her pack. One of the eyes peeked out and stared at Roxanne; she hesitated as she squat down to grab it and shook an unfamiliar feeling free. It kept creeping up on her and surprising her. But Roxanne ignored it as exhaustion. She had been working all morning and afternoon but a nudge in her brain constantly reminded her of the mask. Taking a deep breath, she ran her hand through her hair and prepared to go home. Everything was tightly packed back in. Among her belongings she also found a note reminding her to get a present for her mother. Six months abroad and Roxanne was surprised how much she missed her. Finally she was coming home. Her parent's relationship wasn't totally sour. David, her dad, had enough faith in her to go abroad and still come back with no funny business. The less Roxanne thought about her absence, the faster time travelled. Roxanne gazed back at her bag, seeing the mask poking out from the zipper opening slightly. Surely it was packed underneath everything else. Or she subconsciously put it on top without realising. \"Roxy, please don't buy a cheap bottle of sparkly from a garage forecourt,\" David had said, not forgiving her for a previous incident where Roxanne had swiftly gotten a very last minute birthday present. Her gaze returned to the mask again. Perhaps she could give her the mask. It would be a nice gift, surely – no. What was she thinking? Roxanne wanted it. It was her mask now and nobody else's – a collector's item which would be appreciated with Roxanne's array of trinkets. At the very least, if she got into any serious money issues, it was a quick money fix. However, she did not want to think like that. She was in possession of a current one-of-a-kind piece. Though, not quite in the way she thought. Among her various trinkets Roxanne was sure to unearth something of interest for her returning mother. David was surely eager to see what ridiculous item Roxanne was going to come up with, she wanted nothing more than to see his smug look vanish with surprise. With the Mustang's engines roaring, Roxanne made her way home. Hopefully nobody would recognise her with the new black 'racing stripes,' courtesy of the office baboon brigade. With a screaming banshee underneath the pedal, it was very difficult for her to not draw attention. Living in a rural area was even worse; the rumble of the powerful V8 never went un-noticed. All the way home she was accounting what she kept among the stacks of rubbish, thinking of something that her mother would appreciate. Truthfully, she did not keep track of every little thing – that would be impossible and impractical. However, she reserved a special shelving unit for all her favourite pieces. The mask was going to join that illustrious club tonight: alongside a four-leaf-clover in a boot, an l-shaped fragment of supposed Norse iron and an old disused tank shell. Nothing says \"Welcome home, Mom!\" like a disused world war two shell. Or she could just go down the dull approach and offer a five pound voucher in an envelope. That was too easy. And her dad would have her head. It had to be special. Her focus continuously drifted back to the mask. Like the fish on a hook, she could not escape it. Constantly it was drawing her intrigue, tapping her on the shoulder, begging for attention. However her thoughts of offering it to her mother were instantly squashed when she fell back to her own reality. This is mine , she thought to herself. Once home, she spent most of her afternoon trawling through the junk, and listening to a kind reminder left on her answer machine. Roxanne was no closer to finding a gift, with the evening fast approaching; she had little to no chance of grabbing a late gift from the local market. The stalls would be shut and she wasn't even sure there would be something worthwhile anyway. Roxanne sighed heavily. \"What am I going to do?\" That wasn't the only issue on her mind. The paint left on her car was a concern and the anger towards those that caused it. Sheer frustration started to take its toll and Roxanne was fuming. It was about to worsen. Her telephone rang. Roxanne wanted to leave it to answerphone, but if it were her dad, he would definitely scold her if she didn't. He knew that she would be home by now. Roxanne handled the receiver and spoke. \"Hello?\" \"Hey Roxy! It's Liz.\" Roxanne was happy to hear Liz's friendly voice. However, she didn't quite convey it with such enthusiasm. \"Hi, Liz. What's up?\" Liz felt uncomfortable. \"I was just calling, about tonight-\" \"Oh! Dammit, I almost forgot. I hope you're still game, just wait till you see the awesome paint job our friends at work did to my car.\" \"What?!\" Liz replied. \"Yeah, those jerks thought it funny to put 'go faster stripes' down the side of my lovely Mustang. Oh, and when I say 'go faster,' I mean pentangles like I'm a witch or a werewolf, or just a bitch. Hopefully it'll wash off.\" \"Those assholes. Someday they'll get theirs just like you said. When they're in hell and you're in heaven you'll be laughing.\" Roxanne couldn't help but crack a slight smile. \"That day can't come any sooner…uh, them in hell, of course. Anyway, enough about that. Usual again tonight?\" \"Yeah…\" A short uncomfortable silence didn't sit well in Roxanne's gut. She had an inkling what was coming and she wasn't going to like it. \"I'm 'fraid I can't come out tonight. The 'sitter is sick and Pete is gone for the weekend. So I have to stay in with James.\" \"You're shitting me…\" Roxanne released dejectedly. She was looking forward to unwinding, enjoying a lively night out with Liz. Now her plans were in tatters. Anger filled her stomach, poisoning her. \"I'm really sorry-\" crying in the background cut-off Liz mid-speech. \"Sorry, Rox, I gotta go. We'll do something proper next weekend.\" \"Fine,\" Roxanne replied sharply and slammed the receiver down. Her hand lingered over it, clenching tightly as rage surged to the surface. \"For fuck sake!\" she bellowed and strained, tensing her fingers like claws. A reckless swing of her arm knocked a mostly empty vodka bottle to the ground, it shattered in a small liquid explosion and crystals. Her one chance to unwind with a good friend tonight was spoiled. Roxanne took deep steady breaths to compose and opened a new vodka bottle. Other liquors and a carton of orange juice followed. Roxanne hastily mixed them and poured them into a small tumbler. A quick swig and the sweet alcoholic taste tickled her senses. She took a seat on her big armchair, allowing herself to sink in – hopefully swallow her up. Leant against the chair was her discarded pack. Inside, Roxanne spied the mask within. She fished it out and stared at it. All it did was stare just as blankly back – cobbled together and red glass eyes stuck in the same unreadable expression. \" Oh, it'll look better on your shelf rather than your face, \" she imitated Liz's comments disgusted. \"Fucking bitch.\" She didn't really mean it. But her emotions hit boiling point and ready to burst out like a pressure cooker. Roxanne took a deeper swig and emptied the tumbler of its contents. A sudden scratchy voice bellowed. \" Come on... \" Roxanne almost choked on her drink with surprise. Catching her breath, she kept the tumbler still in her hand. \" Let's cause some mayhem! \" Roxanne picked up the mask and stared into its bloody eyes. And it just stared back. There was no mistaking that voice – same as before. Whatever power dwelled within was begging for release.[Chapter 3] Roxanne wasn't sure what to feel. Within seconds her rage had vanished and found herself wrought with curiosity and confusion. \"Wha-?\" she whispered. She could've sworn that the mask was talking to her. That or she had finally snapped. It was an object, not a being. Masks do not talk. It was as simple as that. Unless it was like those old dolls Roxanne used to play with – with the pull string. But the voice was spoken with such clarity, as if it were in her head; it wasn't processed like the toys of old. Where would the voice box be anyway? The mask was so thin – not paper thin – but thin enough that there was no physical place to house such a device. But it definitely spoke. Yet its pouting lips did not move an inch. It couldn't – it was impossible. \"I really must be losing it.\" It didn't make her feel any more comfortable than she was. \"I'm dreaming. You're just tired…and drunk. Yeah. Not crazy…crazy…talking to myself.\" Roxanne was overtaken by doubt. There was no way she could converse with an inanimate object. Perhaps in an alternate reality, she'd ponder. Placing the empty tumbler down, the mask now had Roxanne's full attention with its lustre. This was exactly what it wanted – a grip on her subconscious. Both hands were placed around the cheeks, her fingers hooked over the edges and into the concave. Steadily she tilted the artefact, analysing every detail. Now that she had a quiet moment, without interruption, Roxanne could see that it was pieced together with shards of jade rock, skilfully crafted together and smoothed to a fine finish. She half expected to feel the imperfections and roughness of the mineral as she rubbed her thumbs along the surface. Even the spaces between the rocks were barely recognisable to the touch. Roxanne pulled one of her hands away only to run it down one side of the face – thumb down the nose and over the pouting lips, feeling the same familiar smoothness. She wondered what kind of facial mould, if any, was used to forge the features. Was it the face of a man or a woman? That was impossible to determine – perhaps it was designed to be unisexual. Clearly the manufacturer took great pride in his craft. However, Roxanne found it bizarre that a supposed mass-manufactured mask was so meticulously assembled. Especially considering the material – jade was not typical for a toy mask. Let alone one belonging to a franchise called 'Tiki-Town.' Roxanne's eyes felt heavier as she stared into the mask's blank emotionless gaze. A small part of her wanted to look away, but a much stronger attraction kept her eyes locked on the mask. It was as if those big glassy red eyes hypnotised her. Attempting to dismiss the feeling, she turned the mask over to see the inside. Pristine green gleamed in the dimming light as Roxanne saw straight through the eye pieces. Even the handwritten manufacturing mark went unnoticed. Her sight was firmly locked to the chasm in her palms. All of her intrigue was suddenly overtaken by an alien compulsion. Without realising, she instinctively brought the mask towards her face. \"Liz, you're so full of shit,\" Roxanne scoffed, feeling comfortable that she was just dreaming. She closed her eyes, the mask inches from her. \"I'll show you.\" She loosened her grip, merely guiding the mask in with her fingertips. Her face entered the mask, her hair folding as the top capped over her fringe, feeling her own breath against the material. Smell of old rocks, like the sea, stung her nostrils as she felt the chilling inner forehead clonk against her own. A sudden rattling and evacuation of air shocked her, forcing her eyes wide open. A violent smack made Roxanne yelp as her face was sucked into the mask. Blood red crimson contaminated her vision, glass pouring into her eyes like water. Suddenly, Roxanne snapped into reality – a little too late. She forced a shocked breath as the vacuum tightened around her face, taking a deep intake, unaware that the mask's mouth opened with hers ever so slightly. Jade melted unnaturally to a liquid texture, each cobble of jade merging as a singular living mass, and crept into her mouth, nostrils and under the eyelids. Skin boiled and burned under the intense heat of the mask – like boiling hot rubber over her skin. Every contour of her face felt tight against the mask as it fused and moulded to her features. Then a sudden flurry of activity ensued. Writhing and wiggling on her face, the ethereal powers hastily mapped out Roxanne's face, yanking her head side to side. It all happened so quickly that she didn't know how to – or could not – react. Several hoarse and pained groans were all Roxanne could muster under the bizarre pain. Thick tendrils and slinks of green snaked from the edges and slipped over Roxanne's head like giant grotesque digits, slicking and sucking her hair under the growing mass. Ears vanished and burned under the hot lashes. The mask crushed her head with growing, powerful pulses, seemingly increasing in mass. Roxanne unleashed a strained and painful groan behind gritted teeth. Green smoke started swirling around her, billowing from what gaps remained between her face and the mask. If it weren't for the object on her face, Roxanne would've believed her face was literally alight with flames. The heat and penetrating warmth was agonising. As if she had left her face to flirt with the tips of candle flames and then suddenly forced into a hot lava bath. She was powerless to scream as the artefact expanded her eyes to exploding, big red orbs in her sockets, veins bursting. Her teeth trembled and shook unnaturally as the mask relentlessly applied its magic further. Even her cheeks were pulsing with pain as extra mass was forcibly pressed against her. Eventually, Roxanne managed to cry an agonised, otherworldly scream as her mouth opened fully. Her eyes burned with searing pain, she wanted to claw them out. She shook her head backwards and forwards trying to fight the pain and reactively tore at the remaining thick whips tightly wrapped around her skull. The shock of the attack and the sheer ferocity prevented Roxanne from retaliating quickly, but she finally felt able to fight. Her mind became overwhelmed with only one thing: she had to get the mask off! All of the day's events paled away. Family didn't matter. Work didn't matter. All that mattered now was what was happening to her. She had no idea if she was going to survive. Each press, every pulse and writhing motion was agonising. Roxanne feared it would crush the blood from her head and out her eyes into a blob of broken skull, flesh and brain. Vainly combatting the change, she managed to get to her feet and aggressively rip the rapidly fusing tendrils from her head. She screamed as she tore her own wild hair along with the lively mask. Gotta get this off! She thought. Soon she was engulfed in a tight smoky blanket, swirling in varying degrees of green and purple. Eventually, the mask consumed her head, the crushing wraps merging at the back of the skull. Roxanne could no longer rip the mask from her face. It squirmed and bulged, a big pulpy green mass where Roxanne's head once was. Her whole body tingled and surged with a growing, uncontrollable power screaming for release. Shocks and jolts jerked her around irregularly inside the clouded cocoon. Yet Roxanne persisted, adamant that there was some way of stopping this. In one vain effort she tried clawing the mask off – a sudden thought of tearing the rubber with her nails. However, no matter how much she clawed at the face, it would not budge. Her nails cracked and broke against the still solid feel of the jade mask, like scratching a chalkboard. Her bones and muscles were overtaken by an unknown force originating from the mask. Pulsing lights shot from the cloud, lightning shocks highlighted Roxanne's contorting body within. Even her clothing was manipulated; rapidly broken down and reconstructed with bizarre patterns and chaotic shapes. The notches on her belt extended to spikes and her earrings, engulfed by the mask, sprouted from within and looped. Teeth grew to the size of rocks, uncomfortable in Roxanne's jaw which stretched out to accommodate the change. As did her cheeks; they became tight and pointed, emphasising strong green cheekbones. Still hopelessly tearing at the back of her skull, Roxanne released stifled groans, unable to speak with her unfamiliar mouth, unaware of her hair shooting out from beneath the green rubber in hot pink streaks. All the while her nails quivered and grew, repairing themselves and magically coating themselves with red varnish. Finally the clouds dissipated and Roxanne felt a slight reprieve. She collapsed to her knees and steadied her shaken body. She felt able to speak again. But something was not right. \"Hel-he-hel,\" she spluttered, her figure steadily revealing beyond the clouds. Quickly her pleas changed to low chuckle. Running her hand down her face, she felt the tight rubbery skin of the once solid mask. Her blank expression warped to a giant grin. Giant tombstone teeth lined her jaws concealing the great chasm beyond. Chuckling erupted into a deafening cackle. There was an infectious sense of power within her, like she could do anything she wanted. It made her feel supreme. \"Ho, this feels great!\" she proclaimed loudly with a deep gravelly voice. As the last cloud evaporated, Roxanne – or what was Roxanne – stood alone in the apartment, grinning fiendishly. Her face was dulled green, warped and contorted like some twisted cartoon character. She could feel the power; she didn't want to spend time considering the potential. Roxanne just wanted to do. \"Roxanne,\" she gleamed, \"you're gonna show them all what you're made of! Beyond flesh, blood, bones and one hell of a sweet new look, of course!\" Wild and free, she madly ricocheted around the room, knocking her furniture out of position before leaping out of the window. It was Friday night and she had a craving, an itch to scratch. Right now, Roxanne only knew one moron – or two – or three – who could oblige.[Chapter 4] The purple sky of dusk slowly receded into complete darkness as the hours passed. Dudley Wilson was feeling very proud of himself as he left the motor garage, a wad of bills tightly within his grasp. Counting his winnings with a triumphant grin, he made his way towards the Civic waiting in the deserted carpark. \"Dudley, you sly fox, you've done it again!\" He relished the feel of the fifty pound bills between his fingertips. Even though he was certain he was not short changed he continued counting, gratified by just how much he managed to cheat from the competition, two-thousand. All from one lousy card game. No tax either. And with his stocky physique, no one dared question his methods, lest they wanted a visit to the doctor's ward like the last person to challenge him – or rather taunt him. With winnings in hand, Dudley was keen to enjoy the remainder of the night. After a long day at work, pissing off his angry red-hot-headed colleague and now a fistful of cash, he did wonder how his day could get any better. His plan was to risk even more of his money on a newly opened casino further in town. It was the thrill that got his blood going. Risk it all and potentially lose it all. Should the odds stack in his favour then the rewards would be great, the thrill of gambling. After fondling his wrapped wad, he finally stowed the cash in his jacket pocket and squeezed into the driver's side of his rusting silver Civic, a resealed can of black paint sat on the back seats. Dudley always wanted to get at Roxanne for her outspoken behaviour – she was an easy target. Fortunately she produced the perfect opportunity for him to exploit. After seeing her scrawling over the fridge, he felt it appropriate to pay her back in the same ilk. \"Karma's a bitch,\" he guffawed feeling content with his accomplishment. Though he did not quite realise how severely he'd suffer the consequences. The garage was a couple miles out of the city, down rural countryside, just like Roxanne he'd have to navigate the winding pitch black corridors of hedges and tarmac until he reached the city. After a few minutes of driving, his headlights began to dim, flickering until they died completely, the long stretch of road swallowed in darkness. Gently, he eased off the accelerator, hoping to avoid disaster, but he was still rolling along briskly. A sharp and powerful judder, like a clap of thunder rippled through the chassis and Dudley slammed on the brakes hard. \"Shit!\" he cried. The lights revived a little too late. Country roads were always a haven for all sorts of wildlife so Dudley was accustomed to encountering the odd rabbit or fox. But the force of the impact was much more than an innocent bunny. Even from the driver's seat he noticed the crippling damage to the car hood in the reflecting light. Perhaps he had collided with an escaped cow. He took a look out his rear window. It was too dark for him to see what he hit. If it weren't for the force he would just drive on. Curiosity got the better of him and he opened the car door. Peering out, he still could not see what he hit. Usually the taillights would illuminate a carcass in blood. Especially considering the noise and impact of the collision, Dudley expected to see the remains of a bovine in the road. Ensuring that he was fully visible with the car lights on, Dudley unfastened himself and stepped out into the cool summer evening. Poisoning fumes from the idling Civic polluted the West Country air, but Dudley did not mind, he was used to the city smell rather than the fertilised fields. Firstly he walked to the boot of the car to spot the wounded animal or carcass of what he hit. He was surprised to find nothing. So he expected to find some poor creature stuck underneath the vehicle. Pressing his cheek to the road, he stared under and straight through. What the fuck? Dudley thought, getting up and scratching his head. Something hit the car. He looked around for some consolidation, but even the road was level, so there was no chance of it being a result of some upchucked gravel. Still, it would have to be one heck of a chunk to dent his car like that. Before resuming his journey, Dudley went to inspect the damage to the front. There he noted a large stain splattered across the front. His gut reaction was blood, but a fraction of the light revealed it to be a green gooey substance. Dudley took a pinch and rubbed it between his index and thumb. The slimy, rubbery texture clung to his fingers, expelling an odour of old rancid meat. \"That hurt!\" something screamed. Dudley nearly jumped out of his skin, from the slime emerged a figure, first the head, then neck, torso and the rest formed. Hot pink streaks shot up on end from the big green skull. \"Head. Shoulders. Knees. Toes. Chest. Phew, thought I was a goner!\" it screamed. \"Just as well I managed to stop you before you really hurt someone-\" The figure seemed to be full of energy despite being a stain no more than a moment ago. Dudley's mouth gradually gaped open as the erratic, cartoonish sharp movements of the feminine figure began to make him nauseous. Zipping one way and then the next, jabbering so fast and incoherently. Suddenly the figure stopped, as if it remembered something. \"Oh, dear, here I am, buzzing around, you flatten me and I don't even get to say thanks. What's your name young man?\" Dudley's reflection in the pearly whites of the creep's exaggerated smile showed how dumbfounded he was. \"Uh, Dudley,\" he replied. \"Nice to meet you, 'Uh-Dudley.' I'm…me! Can you help me? I'm looking for someone.\" Dudley didn't want to reply, he just wanted to get away from this green-faced loon before she tried something. He figured that if she humoured her, she'd just go away…maybe. Regardless, he instinctively asked; \"Who?\" \"A guy called Dudley. You haven't seen him have you?\" The girl's eyes bulged inquisitively, one the size of a football looking straight at him. Dudley was disconcerted. What kind of game was this? She knew him, surely. In fact, Dudley knew lots of people; acquaintances, friends, former conquests…enemies. Why the dumb act though? Why did…she, want to find him? And he was right there…Dudley scoffed trying to find logic in the nonsense and stepped away. \"Alright crazy lady. Go and bark up someone else's tree.\" Unsure of what else to say, Dudley walked back to the driver's door. The big green headed woman howled with feigned disappointment. \"Daww. And we were getting along so well, Uh-Dudley.\" She sighed heavily, \"Well if you so see Dudley please tell him I'll see him soon.\" Before Dudley could turn to meet eye contact, she was gone. He looked around, hoping to spot the moonlight bouncing off her emerald dome. She was nowhere to be seen. Dudley sighed, relieved that she was gone. All the way into town, he kept a close eye on his mirrors and surroundings. Perhaps there was a misunderstanding, or pure coincidence, but Dudley could not fathom why she was looking for him. Sure he'd scorned a few women before, but he didn't quite expect that. There was something about the hair though that felt awfully familiar. The new casino came into view. Where there was once an old decrepit warehouse was now an overly illuminated eyesore in a dark corner of the city. Despite this, there was a large crowd, all clamouring to throw away their hard-earned – or otherwise – cash. Most of them had made it on foot, likely trekking from their pub crawls, so the parking lot opposite was relatively silent. Dudley pulled into a free space and disengaged the engine. Ensuring that he had his stash still to hand, he exited and sealed the door shut. All the while, he was constantly on the alert for his stalker. With that face, Dudley figured she'd be easy to spot. So he was reasonably calm that he could not see her. After shuffling through the crowd he entered the casino, blinded by the intense lights blaring from up high. There was clearly an attempt to replicate the grandeur and spectacle of the Vegas casinos, but this one, whilst commendable, was ultimately lacking. Dudley noticed the cheap plastic plants and potters from the local garden centre, and the 'satin drapes' were clearly not satin. He had the exact set in his own apartment. However, he wasn't here to critique the establishment. He had an itch to scratch the only way he knew how. It wasn't long before a portion of his earlier winnings was converted into playing chips and coins. Several hands of blackjack and a grand down the toilet, Dudley made his way over to the slot machines. He hoped to win something, even if he did not particularly like playing slots. At the end of the day it was gambling, and he loved it. By now, he had forgotten all about the crazy woman. Lights from the machine dazzled his tiring eyes. Despite this, Dudley rhythmically fed the slots more coins and yanked the lever. Each crank and jingle was followed by bitter disappointment. With the hours creeping past midnight, Dudley was ready to surrender and retreat. Until, jackpot , the lights blinked and whirred. Dudley punched the air delighted to finally get his long sought after victory. \"Jackpot!\" screamed a face launching out of the machine, blasting Dudley onto his behind. It was her . Everyone who heard the commotion turned and looked at the spectacle; Dudley flat on his back and a green faced woman, half inside the small slot machine. \"Hey Uh-Dudley, fancy meeting you here.\" Dudley backed away quickly, his jeans burning against the tacky carpet. \"You had any luck finding Dudley? No?\" Dudley staggered to his feet. \"Ah well, don't worry. I've found him!\" She stretched out from the machine like a rubber band and wrapped her hands around Dudley's neck tightly. \"You owe me for my car you cretin!\" Dudley gasped for air, trying to speak. He spluttered and wheezed, desperate to appease the soul he had angered, the ill-tempered woman behind the mask, but he could not. Roxanne's irises burned bright red, her anger and rage fuelling the powers manifested through the mask. \"And you will pay me back. But your money and hollow apologies won't suffice.\" She took a glance back at the machine, \"So come hither, it's time to collect your winnings.\" She snapped back into the slot machine like a slingshot, pulling Dudley along head first. Not even a moment for him to scream as his skull cracked and crushed as he was rapidly forced inside. It didn't take the crowd long for their inaudible conversations to erupt into a chorus of screams and scattered like roaches. Blood trickled down the slots from where Dudley's head used to be. Leaping out from the machine, the green faced assailant glanced around, scratching her own teeth like nothing happened. \"Alas, poor Dudley, he lived to gamble…and he died to gamble…meh, you're no Shakespeare, Roxanne, that's for damn sure,\" she said sarcastically, her voice grizzled and gravelly behind the mask. \"Now, let's see…\" reaching around to her back pocket, the woman shifted around, looking for something. She was quickly approached by an officer who had been stationed outside, his gun raised and aiming at the big green target. \"Don't move!\" he cried. She just put her free hand up. \"Excuse me. Can't you give a girl a moment, please? I need to update my list.\" She focused, biting on her tongue and pulled out a long sheet of paper trailing down the floor, uncoiling by the officer's feet. Her mind just imagined anything and the mask created it. A pencil and a pair of bifocals appeared on her head. \"Dudley…Wilson. There,\" she said and crossed his name off the magical list. The officer lowered his weapon slightly, puzzled by the bizarre woman. Still, he kept his gun barrel aimed in the general direction of the felon. \"Now then: Can I help you?\" Big eyes in the big green head turned to stare at him. \"You're not on the list…are you?!\" She challenged. Her neck stretched beyond the sheet like a giraffe to get in the officers vision. \"Ye-You-you're coming with me,\" he stammered. \"Eh, I'd watch where you're stepping if I were you.\" One careless step on the woman's magical list caused it to spasm and burst to life. The end scrunched up and tore itself apart to a vicious beastly jaw. It roared loudly, spraying shreds of parchment into the officer's face. Strong winds stretched his face and shards shot into his eyes. Each hit made him scream hoarsely in the tornado. \"Don't say I didn't warn you,\" the woman laughed, releasing the sheet from her grasp, allowing it to freely attack the officer. It sliced and ripped into his uniform, biting his skin with a thousand paper cuts. \"Man up, chump. It's only a paper cut.\" She said as the vicious screams of torture and begging continued. The woman squealed with glee, shaking and shuddering like a giddy child. \"This is fucking amazing!\" Her voice echoed and rang around the mostly empty casino floor. Apart from the remaining scream of terror, only the jingles of idle slot machines accompanied her. \"Aww, was it something I said? Should I keep my tongue PG rated. Don't go! I'll put everything right!\" Zipping around the floor, she scooped up every loose penny and note she could find. Machines were smashed open for their loot and stashed in the big-headed woman's sack. All the while singing and smashing to the beat of her own twisted rendition of Lovin' Spoonful's 'Do you Believe in Magic.' \"Broadway, eat your heart out!\" she finally cried. A full sack of cash over her shoulder, she set back out onto the streets of Bristol. The night was still young enough for her to cause some more chaos. And she had to right her wrongs the only way she figured how…[Chapter 5] Bang bang . Roxanne stirred from her slumber. Bang! Bang! The drumming was more urgent than ever. Either Roxanne had the worst headache ever, or there was someone at the door. Her head ached, like putting her brains through a blender then put them back. Her eyes slowly adjusted and soon recognised the familiar surroundings of her own apartment bedroom. Strange she could not remember getting in last night. Heck, she couldn't remember anything immediately. There were flashes of a crazy dream she had. All the images crammed into a short frame of time, so vivid and so real in her unique imagination. Then for them to just vanish in an instant upon opening her eyes. Back in the realm of sensibility, she found herself half naked under the bed sheets. She released a great yawn and turned to get up. She winced when her head hit a chilling stone. Slowly, her eyes opened, adjusting to the lowlight creeping through the drawn curtains, tinting the room with a warm purple hue. Red eyes roused her with a frozen gaze. Suddenly she wasn't so slow to awaken and unleashed an almighty screech that even the heavens could not ignore. Propped up on her pillows, the jade mask stared blankly back at her, maybe even a little smugly. There was no time for her to settle, there was definitely someone at the door and, judging by the thumps, whoever it was, was coming through whether Roxanne greeted them or not. She grabbed the closest shirt draped over the bedside table to cover her naked chest. Splinters were shooting off the door by now as the knocking intensified. \"I'm coming!\" she called out. The apartment was a complete mess, more than usual. Unlocking the door, she opened it slightly and peered through the crack. On the other side stood the landlord; Nathan Vincent. \"Oh, hi!\" she said surprised. \"Hi yourself,\" Nathan replied not with malice or discontent, he sounded more worried. \"Are you alright? I heard you scream.\" He tried to steal a peek inside, but instead got a nice view of Roxanne's cleavage. Roxanne didn't notice. If Nathan saw the state of the apartment, he would never leave. Or even worse – charge her even more for next month's rent. \"I just stubbed my toe getting out of bed,\" she said quickly. Nathan automatically looked down; Roxanne ensured that her feet were out of sight. \"That was one hell of a scream for stubbed toe.\" He tried to peer in, but his tenant's assets provided a suitable distraction – much to Roxanne's disgust. \"Was there anything else?\" \"What are the rules again?\" he asked. Roxanne was bewildered. \"'scuse me?\" Nathan sighed heavily. \"No funny business and noise to a minimum after midnight. I had poor Mrs Kennedy knocking on my door gone three in the morning complaining about the noises coming from your room.\" Roxanne shot a worried glance. \"When I came to check, your boyfriend…girlfriend or whatever told me: 'get stuffed you old, perving windbag.'\" Roxanne tried not to laugh. \"Really?\" she couldn't help but smile. Nate looked bemused, but continued. He figured maybe it was her playing around, but the voice he remembered was nothing like Roxanne's. \"Sounded like a he, or she…must smoke a lot with a voice like that.\" Roxanne started to consider that her wild dream was more than just that. Plus, she liked old Mrs Kennedy from downstairs. She helped Roxanne settle into her new environs nicely and kindly provided her some old furniture as a starting point. That armchair was the comfiest chair she ever had, much more so than the artistic crap her parents were exhibiting in their living room. \"I don't know what crazy things you got up to last night. But when you do, please keep the volume down. I don't want to hear you in the act again.\" What?! Of course Nathan would presume. What other logical explanation was there? Roxanne felt a tad embarrassed and offended. She hadn't been 'active' for a few years after a nasty incident with one of her exes. One that she'd rather not be reminded of let alone repeat. Still, for the sake of the charade, she played along. \"Fine. Sure, Nate. Whatever.\" Without hesitation, Roxanne shut the door before Nathan could say anything. She didn't slam it, but was rude none the less. She lingered by the door, curious if Nathan would knock again. After a few short seconds, she heard him move off. She sighed heavily and held her head, trying to nurse a migraine that wasn't there. Get stuffed you perving windbag. Roxanne remembered rehearsing that in her head in the past \"What the fuck happened last night?\" she asked herself, looking back at the apartment carnage. On her way back to the bedroom she corrected some of the furniture – tipped her chair back upright and the floor lamps. She headed straight for the mask and picked it up, still locked in the blank, emotionless stare. \"What did we do last night then, mystery mask?\" As she looked over the artefact and absorbed the details, she felt a strong sense of déjà vu. \"And here I am…talking to myself…again…gee.\" Roxanne discarded the mask back onto the bed and followed her morning routine albeit later than usual. It was well gone eleven by the time Roxanne had adjusted her hair and dressed in something clean. Knowing the coming day's events, she dressed appropriately. Otherwise that would not go down well with either her father or mother. Her hair was still a mess, less wild, but still tomboyish. She kept her shirt, but wore a tank top underneath so as not to display her bare chest through the fabric. Since it was her day off too, she took her time to enjoy the morning - what was left of it at least. She turned on the small portable kitchen TV as she cooked up some breakfast pancakes. Most of the newscast was the usual bore; nothing of particular note. Bristol City were still squandering around in their league division, her dad will surely be talking about that at some point. However it was a recap that caught Roxanne's attention. \"And a reminder of our top story this morning; police are on the hunt for a masked woman who murdered one man and an officer on duty…\" Roxanne turned the volume up over her frying. \"In the early hours of Saturday morning the masked assailant murdered one Dudley Wilson and Officer Francis Coke before leaving the Bullion Harbour Casino, on its opening night, with a large sum of money. Witnesses report the woman deposited change and notes from the rooftops around crowded clubs and bars in the city. Several people were severely injured in ensuing brawls and at least two more have been confirmed dead. Numerous arrests have been made-\" Slower than usual, Roxanne resumed cooking. The cast flicked a switch in her memory. As more details were described, she felt the similarities to her own dream. A green-faced girl, the death of her tormentor, Dudley Wilson, and the officer shredded by magical parchment – they were all in her imagination. Or so she thought. Now she realised her imagination was actually a reality. That…or it was all just one big coincidence. Roxanne knew better though. That terrible feeling of realisation sunk in as insane the situation was. It wasn't a dream at all… Roxanne refused to believe it was her. How could she do all those things? How was it even possible for her full stop?! Fragments of her escapades last night filtered back into her conscious. Only certain things surfaced; the casino, seeing Dudley's mortified face moments before crashing into the slot machine. Taking the money out of the casino all singing and dancing like it was some kind of child's game. Her memories were fragmented and jumbled, still images like a slideshow out of order. Roxanne turned to retrieve the mask from the bedroom. It sat, staring, forever staring at her from the comfort of the armchair. Strange, she did not remember putting it there; almost as if it knew it was required and appeared before its master… Panicked breathes escaped her mouth as she lifted the mask from its resting place yet again. It compelled her time and time again. She had only had the damned thing less than twenty-four hours and already she was struggling to fathom the possibilities. Most of her did not want to believe any of what happened. Yet there was no denying the weight of the news cast. Despite the constant theories behind fabricated news, Roxanne had no doubt that it was all true, why go to such lengths. An elaborate prank maybe, or she was still dreaming. She did not want to believe it. But she did not believe in coincidence. She had to know the truth – she had to be certain. \"It's impossible.\" Roxanne turned the mask and peered in, sensing the familiar once more. \"Maybe if- Surely can't be.\" A part of her was scared, terrified by uncertainty. If so, then she would relive the same dream again. Cockiness blinded her last night, so she did not fear it. Now that she was vaguely aware of the potential, Roxanne feared the consequences if she dared don the mask again. Just how far would she go? However there was a small part of her, one dark part of her intrigue, that single human urge of discovery had to know the sinister mysteries of the mask. Time was against Roxanne though; the toaster latch broke her trance. She had to get a gift fast. While it was starting to creep into the afternoon, Roxanne still could afford time to browse the shops around town before heading to her parent's house. Roxanne wolfed down her cooked brunch – since it was done too late to really call it breakfast. She needed to put something together for a present. None of her countless trinkets were sufficient. Every other Saturday both she and Liz would go around town. Since Liz let her down last night, surely she would want to make amends and meet her – even though they went out last weekend. Roxanne made one quick phone call to Liz, just to be sure. Once it was official, she made her way out. Not before deciding what to do with the mask. An overwhelming urge and sensibility forced her to take the mask. At least it was close, rather than anywhere else – couldn't fall into the wrong hands.[Chapter 6] Roxanne and Liz pushed James along the Bristol harbour side after an hour browsing the many stores in the city. Restorative projects were going on along the waterways; construction workers were building new attractions ready for the turn of the millennium. One in particular, a brand new science centre poised to exhibit a nature walk and the largest widescreen theatre in the West Country, was partially funded by her father. Pero's Bridge was close to opening, expected to be officially completed within the next month, becoming the first pedestrian bridge scaling the harbour waterways allowing direct access to and from Queen Square. During their splurge, Roxanne managed to find a fancy wall mask – the passenger in her pack having an effect on her choice – a wooden African mask with a dark brown finish, for a reasonable price of course. At least now she needn't worry about passing off her own mask. It also gave her the chance to find some cleaner for removing the paint stains off of the Mustang. For the most part, the two laughed and joked about the week's events. Roxanne purposely avoided talk surrounding her supposed late night activities. While Roxanne was engaging, she was constantly thinking about her mask. Several innocent glances turned to fixation as she fluttered back and forth, leaving her embarrassed when Liz asked a question with no instant reply. Each time, Roxanne kindly requested Liz to repeat herself. Inevitably, Liz asked, \"So…what did you get up to last night?\" \"Sat in,\" Roxanne answered. As expected, her blunt response was inadequate for Liz's insatiable desire for answers. \"Come on. Surely you did something more exciting than that. I know what you're like, you nutter.\" \"I didn't go out on the town alone, if that's what you're wondering.\" Roxanne figured it a sad existence if she had to enjoy a Friday night without friends. Truth be told, that's exactly what happened unless she actually considered the mask her friend. \"I stayed in and had a few drinks. No thanks to you.\" \"I said I was sorry, Rox,\" Liz replied sincerely. James started to cry, grabbing his mother's attention. \"Alright, James, mommy knows.\" Anger prevented Roxanne from considering that she would've donned the mask anyway, just out of sheer curiosity. They stopped on the quay, Liz sat down on a bench to catch her breath and tend to her crying child; Roxanne scoffed and leant over a railing beside the water. Jetty's lined with small boats stretched a way up the man-made river. None of them were going anywhere in the gloomy afternoon; grey clouds blotted out the sun ready to pour. \"Did you see the news this morning?\" Liz asked, providing her son with a bottle. Roxanne didn't want to answer; with her back turned Liz could not see the pain in her expression. Though with the web of gossip that Liz got herself caught in, it was inevitable Dudley was going to get mentioned. \"Your friend Dudley got what was coming to him.\" \"I saw,\" Roxanne replied. \"He gambled. It was bound to bite him in the ass eventually.\" \"So you think he owed somebody? Debts caught up with him?\" \"Possibly. Why else would someone want to kill him?\" Roxanne found the perfect alibi; Dudley was the victim of his own vices. \"So…he owed a green faced lunatic money?\" When Liz said it like that, even Roxanne couldn't quite stomach the absurdity. She laughed. \"Conspiring with the Martians.\" \"Could be just random bad luck,\" Liz pointed out, trying hard to disguise her smirk. Anything can happen, even the absurdity of a green-faced, super powered contortionist, apparently. \"Fate. Life. The randomness of the world. Whatever you like to call it.\" \"Maybe…\"Roxanne's hand drifted unaware, caressing the mask as she spoke. Roxanne could not trust the confidence of Liz to reveal such a secret – she'd just laugh at her anyway. She pulled her hand away before it looked suspicious. \"Happy now, James?\" Liz asked softly. The sixteen-month-old toddler did not answer as expected. James was too focused on the bottle he held. Roxanne turned. \"Yes, mommy. Though, next time I want to suckle on your boob,\" she said in a squeaky voice. \"Grow up,\" Liz laughed. Roxanne snorted back as they moved off. \"Wait until you have kids. I guarantee it will change you.\" \"Pfft…I prefer my freedom thank you,\" Roxanne chuckled. \"Living alone and working in a sorting office five days a week. Living the dream, Rox. Before you know it, you'll be the crazy old lady living alone with a hundred and one kittens.\" \"And what do you propose, Mistress Love?\" Liz eyed Roxanne up and down, scrutinising her outfit with an analytic stare. \"Where to start: your hair, your clothes…your pack…\" Roxanne reacted when she shouldn't have. \"What's in there?\" \"Nothing,\" Roxanne replied sharply, not helping to quell Liz's curiosity. \"Come on, I've seen you dipping your hand in and out of it all afternoon. Not to mention you've got some serious friction burn on your palms there. What's. In. There?\" Roxanne hesitated before retrieving the mask slowly, her arm felt heavy as a part of her resisted. \"This,\" she said calmly, showing the mask. \"That?!\" Liz exclaimed, \"Roxanne, why are you walking around with that ?\" After what Liz said in the office, Roxanne should not have expected any different. \"If you get found out, you'll get so busted.\" \"No one's going to find out. I think that's the least of my concerns.\" Roxanne was beyond the point of wondering what might happen to her if she was found out for thievery. There was the more pressing concern of the two she murdered last night. But she had the mask – she could stop anybody, do anything. At least, she thought she could. All she needed was to wear it. \"Really?\" Liz swiped the mask from Roxanne's grasp and mockingly analysed it. \"Why do you like this cheap crap anyway?\" Roxanne remembered the story she told before and reminded Liz about it. \"It's not cheap and it's not crap. It's a collector's item. Now give it back.\" A feverish desire spawned within her. Roxanne watched Liz turn the mask round and looked in. Something snapped. \"Did you actually wear this?\" \"Yes I did. Give it back.\" \"How did you look?\" With one hand, Liz brought the mask to her face. \"Bet you looked well ugly.\" Roxanne lunged for the mask, missed and grabbed Liz's arm, wrenching it round. \"Liz, give it back!\" \"Wha- why?\" Liz saw the look in Roxanne's face, fear, desperation. Roxanne's grip tightened. \"Give it back!\" Roxanne barked again. \"Okay! Okay!\" And Liz dropped the mask. It clunked against the cobble path of the quay. Roxanne fell for it like a dog after its favourite toy, quickly scooping it up and stowed it back into her pack. Feeling the burn on her wrist, Liz winced. \"Fuck. It's only an object, Rox. No need to break my wrist. Ow!\" \"You don't know how valuable that mask is.\" \"Frankly, I don't care.\" Liz resumed pushing James along, who was none the wiser to what occurred. Occasionally she would clench her fists to hold back the pain. \"I'm sorry, Liz.\" Roxanne didn't want to hurt Liz, but she could not deal with the consequences if Liz wore the mask. She wasn't sure how to handle herself to begin with. Liz was soon smiling again. She could never stay mad at Roxanne, even when she was enraged. \"You're lucky I'm so forgiving.\" Roxanne was relieved to hear. Still she rubbed her wrist occasionally. They walked up to the parking lot where Roxanne's Mustang waited, drying paint across the flank. Liz sympathised and could understand why Roxanne would be so unhinged. She should've known better than to take the mask. All she wanted to do was tease her some; she just didn't expect such an aggressive reaction. Though holding the mask did feel oddly peculiar – an unsettling tingle shuddered through her body. Roxanne stored the paint thinner in the boot and kept her gift for the passenger's seat. She fired up the engine and rolled the window down. \"What about this evening?\" Roxanne asked. \"Could we do something this evening?\" Liz was knocked from her deep thought. \"Hrm? Oh! I dunno, Rox, I'd need a babysitter and it's quite short notice.\" \"Hey!\" Roxanne slackly pointed towards her. \"It's a Saturday and you owe me big time after last night! I'll speak with my neighbour, Mrs Kennedy. She might be able to help.\" Liz's face scrunched up like a prune. \"Kennedy? Isn't that Allison's gran?\" \"Yup.\" \"Didn't she sleep with your ex?\" \" Yes, Liz. And thank you for reminding me.\" Roxanne smiled sarcastically. Shame Allison was nothing like her gran. Not a single nice bone in her body. Bitch . \"I'll sort something out and get back to you.\" \"See you,\" Liz said and waved Roxanne off as she drove away. Roxanne honked her horn and waved back out the open window. Roxanne rolled up to her parent's house later in the afternoon. Organised hedgerows ushered her to the mansion atop the meadow. Two stories tall and at least the size of four normal detached homes pieced together. Bone-white pillars stood like guards besides the treated oaken doors, the hand-crafted ornate designs eyed her as she approached. Roxanne never liked the house, always too clean and too organised. House servants waited on her family day in day out – seven-hundred hours, get up, breakfast at seven-ten, teeth, seven-thirty etcetera. Disrupt the commandant's carefully planned schedule and she'd be sent to the cooler. It was a concentration camp, a prison, not home. Roxanne despised it. She pulled the car up next to her father's Rolls Royce and took a moment to gather her thoughts and presentation, wet her fingers and ran them through her hair. Once the engine was off, Roxanne's dad came straight out the front door arms out. Roxanne slipped out of the Mustang and cringed as she greeted him. \"There's my darling Roxanne!\" he greeted warmly. \"Hey dad,\" Roxanne replied and welcomed the hug. \"How are things?\" Roxanne freed herself from the hug and feigned a smile. \"Alright. Not too bad.\" Then the car gripped his attention, upturning his smile. \"What happened?\" he asked, clearly gesturing towards the stains. \"Some asshole-\" David raised a finger. \"Language, lady.\" He never changed, living in the past, ever the gentleman as always. Strange that he wasn't around different company. \"Some…fellow, thought it would be funny to use my Mustang as a canvas for his artistic pursuits.\" Overdoing a posh accent perhaps wasn't the smartest idea. He sighed heavily which made Roxanne roll her eyes. She expected all this. If she had time, or just bothered before she came here, she could have cleaned it up. But she didn't know how long it would take. An hour maybe? \"Cut that sarcastic tone, Roxanne. I hope this fellow's going to pay for the damage.\" \"Oh, he already has,\" Roxanne said without a hint of irony. \"I got some cleaner earlier. Hopefully it will do the job.\" David nodded, appreciating that Roxanne was taking the matter seriously, though his assumption was misplaced, believing Roxanne and the person in question had a reasonable discussion. Take another guess, old man . \"Good. That's good. Anyway, come in. Your mother will be home shortly.\" David welcomed Roxanne into the foyer with pack and gift in hand. Within moments of the front door slamming shut, one servant, a short, middle-aged man with fine strands of brown hair and pressed suit, requested to take Roxanne's effects off her hands. She refused. She wanted to deliver the gift personally when her mother arrived. Plus there was the matter regarding her mask, there was no way she was going to let it out of her sight. Since denying him temporary rights of her possessions, he asked instead if there was anything he could get for her. Roxanne just asked for a Cola, much to David's approval – no need to be accused of drunk driving – must be civil for the family. \"In here,\" David guided Roxanne into the next room – the lounge. Little changed over the years, there was the old fireplace with a portrait of her grandfather above it. The same dreary drapes hooked up beside the window panes. A brand new thirty inch TV and some garish furniture was all that was constantly changing. Roxanne knew it was her mother that pushed for the furniture, that way she would be the centre of her friend collective. David never wanted such hideous atrocities in an otherwise rustic mansion. Roxanne squirmed in the chair, trying to find that perfect, comfortable position. Across from her, David lounged in his favourite armchair, drinking a glass of bourbon. \"I hope you got my message,\" David said, swallowing hard. Without any further prompt, Roxanne pulled the African mask from a brown paper bag. \"I figured mom would like this.\" Roxanne sounded hopeful and placed it in front of her face like she was wearing it, feeling somewhat foolish for doing so. David leant forward. Since there were no eye slots, Roxanne could not see him. But she still heard him shuffling his behind on the seat and lowered the mask. \"Must say I am surprised. Here I was expecting you to disappoint me, Roxanne. Let's hope that Melanie approves.\" Roxanne made a half-cocked smile and retrieved the already poured glass of Cola from the servant who'd been standing behind her for who-knows-how-long. If it were not for David's intervention, the servant could have been mistaken for furniture. \"I certainly hope so.\" \"Anything else, ma'am?\" Yeah. Start singing and dancing Livin' La Vida Loca. Otherwise, kindly, fuck off. Roxanne thought. She never liked being called ma'am when she was a kid and she did not like it now. I do have a name, you know. \"No. Thank you,\" she replied in that posh accent again, which was met with discontent from her dad. The stare, that stare, he didn't need words. Roxanne mouthed 'sorry' to him and took a sip from the glass. The gentle rhythm of the grandfather clock ticked back and forth, ringing through the empty halls, drawing Roxanne's attention time and again. Father and daughter conversed idly for twenty-seven minutes before Melanie made her arrival. \"Hello!\" she called from the front door. David went to greet his wife with open arms like a family formality. Roxanne was urged to stay where she was; her dad pressed her back into her seat when she tried to get up. She heard the 'hellos' and the 'great to see yous' and even the sound of them kissing. \"Is Roxanne here?\" Melanie asked scooting into the lounge with high-heels. This time she got up. \"Hi, mom!\" she said, full of smile and genuine happiness. It had been too long, so Roxanne made the most of her comforting embrace. \"Wow. Has it really been that long? Can't remember the last time you were so delighted to see me.\" \"It's been a long few months, mom. It's just so great to see you again.\" \"You too my little ruby.\" Roxanne brightened with embarrassment. \"Oh…\" Roxanne eased off and reached for the gift in its brown paper bag. \"I got you this.\" She pulled the African mask out again and pulled the same trick as she did with her dad. Melanie laughed lightly at Roxanne's childish quirks. She was still her little girl, always. \"That's so sweet, Roxy. I can add this to my collection.\" Roxanne pulled the mask down and presented it to her mother. \"You're such a darling. Now I've something for you.\" She made her way further into the lounge and placed the mask face up on the coffee table. \"I hope it's not a nasty piece of furniture from your stockpile,\" Roxanne jested. \"No, honey.\" Her mother took it lightly and continued. \"Speaking of masks.\" Fishing her hand into her bag, Melanie pulled something out. \"I remember you talking about these. So, whilst I was in the States…\" Melanie produced a genuine Tiki Town mask. Roxanne was flummoxed. Another one? \"I remember you talking about these masks. So I got you one.\" One was bad enough. However, Roxanne noticed the shoddy replication. It was not the same material. It felt lighter; almost feather weight. And the paint was faded, peeling off in flakes of emerald – wooden rather than the jade finish of the genuine article. Even the eyes did not hold the same luscious illusion. David looked on in disgust and scoffed. \"Melanie, I think Roxanne's too old to be playing with masks.\" \"David, no one's ever too old for anything. Look at me, fifty-five and still going!\" \"Says the wrinkles around your eyes,\" David whispered and slinked away before Melanie could react. \"Dad, these are collector's items. They can be worth a fortune!\" Roxanne called out, trying to appeal to his entrepreneurial side. \"Then let them pay your rent if they can't help you get a better job!\" he called back venomously. \"Fu-\" Roxanne began, but refrained when Melanie begged her not to unleash her emotions. This was why Roxanne didn't like coming home, forget the mansion, the commandant was forever unsatisfied. Granted, David had been supporting his daughter for twenty-six years and no return. Melanie was ready to fling her shoes heel first into his skull – as was Roxanne at that point – since she was within earshot Melanie kept her calm voice. \"He's just sour he didn't get to spend six months around the world.\" Roxanne knew that as soon as she was gone, or Melanie was convinced she would not hear, there would be an argument. \"But, and I hate to admit it, he is right. We're not going to be around forever. You need to be able to support yourself.\" Roxanne was hurt. She knew they were right, but was not happy to hear it regardless. What she didn't realise was what those words hid. \"I know,\" Roxanne said softly, not wanting to flare Melanie's temper with what she really wanted to say. \"But I've tried everything: writer, musician, artist…I feel like I'm a creative person. But right now it just seems that package sorting is my calling. And it's unlikely I'm ever going to get any better than that.\" Melanie placed a comforting hand Roxanne's shoulder, hiding a stark reality behind her bright blue eyes. This was not one of Roxanne's dilemma, but one of her own. \"You'll find it – your true calling. Never settle for mediocre.\" She smiled. \"You're my daughter. I know you'll find it.\" With that she kissed Roxanne on the cheek. She smiled and wiped the lipstick away. Both girls walked into the study where David was pouring a drink. \"Want a drink, Melanie?\" he offered, regarding his choice of whiskey. Melanie refused. David shrugged and took a sip. \"Did you see what some hooligans did to Roxanne's car? It's disgusting, I tell you.\" \"I did. But it's all been resolved. Hasn't it, Roxy?\" Roxanne nodded. \"I think so. He won't be causing me anymore grief.\" \"Glad to hear it,\" Melanie concurred. Yes, it was sorted. Just not in the 'right' way. Not in a way that anyone would approve of. Her gut wrenched as she wanted to talk to her parents about it. They couldn't keep a straight face at the absurdity. Even if they could, Roxanne would surely end up in a strait jacket. Or accuse her of being childish.[Chapter 7] After hours of enduring Melanie's questionable piano skills and David's drivel, Roxanne made a necessary phone call. \"I'd be delighted to,\" Mrs Kennedy said down the phone. Relieved, Roxanne thanked the elder for agreeing to look after James on such short notice. \"You have no idea how much I appreciate this! You're a life-saver, Mrs Kennedy.\" \"It's no problem at all, really. Be nice to have the company.\" \"You're such a darling. Thanks again.\" Roxanne hung up and then rang Liz to give her the good news. \"It's a date.\" \"That's a relief,\" Liz said. \"Meet me at my place in about…an hour and a half?\" Roxanne looked over at the grandfather clock. That would make it eight. Perfect. \"Sure. See you then.\" Roxanne wished well and hung up once more. She wandered down the ornate and ivory mansion corridors, following two bellowing beasts in the kitchen. Melanie and David ceased arguing as soon as Roxanne shot into view, if she was heard before they would have silenced themselves sooner. \"I need to shoot,\" Roxanne said as if she did not hear their confrontation. Melanie composed herself, brushing down. \"Okay darling.\" David turned his back. \"Have a good time tonight. And…be careful.\" Sighing, Roxanne added, \"I'm not five anymore. I can take care of myself.\" \"Just don't get taken advantage of.\" Not even by ancient masks, Roxanne laughed off. \"Yeah...\" She hesitated a moment and pecked Melanie's cheek. \"I won't.\" Her glance turned to her dad's broad back. \"Dad?\" David did not turn around, did not utter a word, not even the slightest acknowledgement much to Melanie's disapproval. \"David! Say goodbye to your daughter for Christ's sake!\" David said nothing. Melanie's heavy sigh was Roxanne's cue to leave. \"See you next weekend,\" she whispered as she walked towards the door. Slightly muted exchanges returned as she left, hoping that Roxanne wouldn't hear them. \"We can't afford to support her much longer, Melanie. She needs to pull her thumb out and do something with her life,\" David groaned. Roxanne lingered a little longer. \"We'll help her for as long as she needs. End of discussion.\" \"She's been eating out of our hand for too long. We can't-\" \"We or is it just you? Roxanne's our daughter for crying out loud. You can't just leave her to fend for herself. Can't you give her a job at your offices?\" David sighed heavily that it may have been his last breath. \"The money isn't there. The business, and us, will be bankrupt by the end of the year.\" The silence was poisonous. Even though Roxanne could not see, she could feel the vigour drain from her mother as she spoke. \"How long? How?!\" \"Last few years now. Competition has become stiff with the new firm. They've put others out of business. We've been keeping afloat with the remainder of our fortune, trying to find ways of competing. I…I don't want Roxanne to worry.\" \"David,\" Melanie said quietly. \"Why not mention this sooner? Of course, you're so stubborn. Don't want to damage your pride. How can I be so damn stupid?\" Why keep this secret?! \"Now do you see why I want her to live for herself? I don't want to drag her down with us as well. She's got a whole life ahead. She shouldn't waste it.\" Damn right I won't! \"What are we going to do?\" Melanie's voice trailed off as Roxanne stepped further away – she had heard enough. Too much. Almost wished she hadn't lingered around. Ignorance is bliss after all. Roxanne arrived back at her apartment much sooner than expected. What she did not expect was an unwelcome face outside Mrs Kennedy's door. At first, Roxanne thought it was Liz, discussing and resolving the small matter of James. No, it wasn't her. Instead, the raven-haired harlot stood in the doorway. \"Please, can't you help your granddaughter out?\" \"Over three months without a word and all you're here for is my money!\" This was a first. Roxanne couldn't remember a time when Mrs Kennedy raised her voice above a soft whisper. \"Hello Alison,\" Roxanne said grimly as she walked by. Alison turned, instantly identifying the fiery hair. \"Roxanne Travellyan. What's a bitch like you doing around here?\" \"Mind your mouth, Alison!\" Mrs Kennedy snapped. \"I'll have you know, she's my neighbour.\" Roxanne turned around slowly, undeterred by Alison's aggressive posture. \"I could say the same about you. Looked in a mirror recently? Bitch .\" \"Say that again!\" Alison boomed, stomping with purpose towards Roxanne. \"Say that a-fucking-gain!\" Mrs Kennedy followed quickly behind. Roxanne was more surprised at how spritely she was. \"Alison Kennedy, watch your tone!\" Alison stopped and shot glances between the two. \"You're seriously protecting this tramp and not your own flesh and blood?\" \"She's not a selfish brat like the one my son raised.\" Roxanne hid a smile, keeping her cool, serious pose consistent. \"Think its best you left. You won't get a penny out of me, sick mother or no.\" The vulture snorted with a deep frustrated breath. \"Fine.\" She shot a killer glance at Roxanne but didn't have anything more to say. She turned and left, hands deep in her jacket pockets, feet seemingly shaking the block with heavy impacts. Roxanne wanted to cry something extra, but she didn't have the nerve. Scolding by grandmother was entertaining enough. Besides, Alison wouldn't react favourably. \"Sorry about that, Roxanne.\" \"You've nothing to be sorry about.\" \"She's my granddaughter – I have to be.\" \"Could always be from the mother's side you know.\" Roxanne tried to relieve the tension. It seemed to work. Mrs Kennedy smiled warmly. \"Don't doubt it. She's been hording after my money for years to pay debts or fuel whatever new addiction she can muster. Most likely the loan sharks are out for her blood again.\" She walked back towards her apartment room. Do all my enemies fall foul to similar vices , Roxanne thought. First it was Dudley and now Alison. True, the growth of gambling in the city seemed to attract the scum – and money. These thoughts lingered in Roxanne's mind following the episode with her parents. Though she knew what was best. Gambling was not the answer to her family's growing money crisis. Alison's tirade did not go unnoticed. As on cue, Nate made his presence known. \"Everything alright, Mrs Kennedy?\" \"Fine, fine, Nathan. My granddaughter thinks she can rob me. Roxanne there helped greatly.\" Nate looked over to Roxanne surprised and scratched his head. \"Okay. Are you sure everything's fine? Roxanne you've not been bothering her have you?\" \"Yes. Everything's fine. No, Roxanne is not bothering me. In fact she's a good young lady. Now I'm sure you have something better to do than dither with this old coot – I'm expecting company. Roxanne, you best get ready for your night out. Let me know when young James gets here.\" \"Yeah, I will.\" The door shut and Roxanne turned to leave. \"Hold it!\" Nate called, stopping Roxanne yet again. She groaned and growled with frustration. \"What?! I've done nothing. You heard her yourself.\" \"No funny business. Remember?\" Roxanne smiled sheepishly. \"Sure.\" Which seemed to work, Nate retreated and Roxanne escaped to her room. One calming shower later she felt refreshed and put some clean clothes on – nothing fanciful worn by trollops infesting the night. Another simple outfit; shirt, just unbuttoned enough to draw favour with any simpleton, and loose camo trousers. Not exactly fashionable, but Roxanne did not care. She didn't want to admit that she actually took style inspiration from the Spice Girls. Function over form was all that mattered. And of course, the outfit was not complete without the green face. Roxanne felt the allure as she saw it poking out of her pack. Red eyes seemed to glow, hypnotising her once again, begging to be worn again. Its voice whispered on the air calling her name. Roxanne . It pulled her in. Let's cause some more carnage! \"Maybe…\" she said, slowly approaching the pack, \"It couldn't hurt to try it again…surely…\" Placing her fingers around the edges, she lifted it from the pack. The itch needed scratching. Those eyes, cold and blank stared straight at her. Trying to justify her reasoning, Roxanne flipped it over. There was no need to justify – she just wanted something solid to hold on to. The mask had gotten its infectious claws into her skull. Slowly, Roxanne drew the mask to her face… Knocking snapped her out of the trance instantly. She shook herself free and tossed the mask onto the armchair. Roxanne unbolted the door and opened it. All dolled up, Liz stood smiling. \"Ready?\" \"I didn't know it was date night,\" Roxanne joked. \"You're looking as stylish as ever I see,\" Liz sighed, noticing the combat trousers. \"Planning to invade the West Country tonight?\" \"Alison Kennedy if I got the chance.\" Down the corridor, James was being held by Mrs Kennedy just inside her doorway. Liz blew a kiss and waved bye-bye to James whilst Roxanne put together some things. She returned with a small zip-up purse around her shoulder and locked her door. As usual, she tested it to appease her anxiety. \"Ready?\" she asked. Liz nodded and they walked out past Mrs Kennedy. \"Bye, James. Be good.\" \"I'm sure he will. Have a nice night, girls.\" \"Thanks, Mrs Kennedy. We'll see you tomorrow morning,\" Roxanne said finally as they both walked out of sight. Roxanne took the responsibility of driving them to the city. Liz remarked about the mess still on the car. If it was left for too long, surely it would become permanent. Roxanne was not concerned; she just could not find the time to do it yet, despite really meaning to clean it. Usually the parking lots in the city were full, or havens for break-ins. Roxanne left it in a small residential street just a stone's throw from Ashton Gate stadium. At gone eight, the street lamps were in full illumination. Amber beams guided them towards the city centre. Radiant neon lights dazzled the river and harbour side amusements. Fresh grilled burgers and kebabs from the local mobile kitchen tickled and tempted the girl's appetites. Per the norm, they ordered a burger each. Liz gobbled her cheeseburger down quickly, whilst Roxanne followed behind. With their stomachs lined, they were ready for a night to forget, as was usually the case. Every weekend there was a particular barge moored along the harbour quayside. Expended cigarette smoke poisoned the air, overpowering the strong petrol smell lingering from the barge stacks. This was usually the first stop for the girls on a night out: a few beers or spirits before moving further into the city for some partying or more beers, whichever they preferred. \"Ladies first,\" Liz jested as they got to the jetty down to the barge. Roxanne shook her head and smiled. \"You're too kind, mi'lady.\" Suddenly there was a shriek. \"Travellyan!\" Roxanne looked down the quay. \"Fuck…Alison…\" The banshee approached the jetty, ready to bulldoze anybody into the cold harbour waters. \"Get lost, Alison. Go play with somebody else.\" Ignoring Liz, Alison strode towards the jetty. When Liz was within distance, she slapped her across the cheek. \"Hey!\" Incensed, Roxanne sprinted up the jetty and rammed Alison. She tackled her to the ground and struggled to hold back. Winded from the collapse, Alison gasped for air. When Roxanne would not attack, she flipped her around. Alison was atop Roxanne. Unlike Roxanne, she wailed into her like a frenzied feline, yelling and cursing her with each strike. Nails scraped her skin and tugged against her shirt. Only her arms kept some of the blows at bay, leaving Alison's mark upon them. Liz finally recovered and grasped Alison's arms. \"Get off me!\" Alison screamed. Roxanne slithered back and kicked Alison in the gut with her sneakers. Winded again, Alison groaned and clutched her chest. She staggered and groaned around the cobble quay as Roxanne and Liz walked back down the jetty. \"Come on,\" Roxanne said, \"I've had enough of this.\" Bruised, embarrassed and unable to conjure a retort, Alison slinked away. Inside the barge bar was a reasonable crowd. Several others had the same idea as Roxanne and Liz. A drunken couple were on the karaoke machine, singing some Elvis together. Wooden boards creaked beneath their feet. Before being converted for entertainment, the barge had probably been in service to the Bristol harbour for years. It still was, from a point of view. Rather than raging the high seas, it was drowning in spilt alcohol and cigarette ash. \"She's still got it in for you,\" Liz stated as Roxanne ordered two vodkas. \"I'd say that was for earlier.\" Liz glanced and lowered her brow. \"Uh…she was pestering Mrs Kennedy for money. Was damn close to knocking me senseless then, too, I'd wager. I'd knock her for a round or two if I knew it wouldn't get me in trouble.\" She paid for the drinks and passed a small glass tumbler to Liz. \"She refused, I take it.\" \"Yup.\" One deep swig of the alcohol burned her throat. Damaged skin pain was numbed gradually. Not that Alison hurt her anyway. Red marks where her nails scraped her would vanish quickly. At least she didn't have a scarred ego. \"I've been living in that block for six months. Not once, prior to today, has that bitch even as much given her a phone call in that time. I don't blame the old stallion.\" \"Alison's been owing debts to some guys in town – real seedy place, dancers, hookers, drugs. Think she might actually be in on it: she got busted for distributing a few weeks back. Managed to make bail, though. Guess even bitches like her have friends in high places.\" \"Maybe our Green-Faced vigilante will pay her a visit for not paying her debts,\" Roxanne laughed, Liz didn't react so. She downed the remaining spirit whilst Liz lingered with hers and ordered a second. \"Not holding back tonight then?\" Roxanne laughed. \"You know me, Liz: strong constitution.\" Another tumbler was quickly emptying into her mouth. \"Big words, Rox. You might kill my primitive little brain. If the vodka doesn't kill yours first.\" Despite Alison's attempts to disrupt their enjoyment, Roxanne was unwinding and enjoying it. Still, she kept the mask close at all times and lingered even in her poisoned head. By the time Roxanne sank another vodka, Liz was still going through her first at a pedestrian pace. Conscious of her driving responsibilities, Roxanne held off on a third round. Instead she took the opportunity to liven things up. And kill some time. \"Don't!\" Liz begged, noticing Roxanne making her way towards the karaoke setup. \"You're terrible, Rox.\" \"Well…the sooner you drink up…the sooner we can move on, your choice,\" she gleamed and primed up the machine. Liz ended up enduring Roxanne's deep renditions of New Order and Oasis tracks. A few lucid lads sung along as she sang 'Don't Look Back in Anger.' Then she performed her favourite karaoke track; 'Just a Girl.' She drew the entire crowd, though the pulsing neon lights did help. Purples, greens, a full spectrum of beams saturated the entire bar. Shaking her hips and torso naturally excited the drunken denizens, likely hopeful that Roxanne's generous assets would escape their man-made shackles. Roxanne's frequent appearances made her a small celebrity, albeit exclusive to this lonely barge. Eventually, Liz finished her round and Roxanne stopped. \"Till next week!\" she yelled over the mic. \"Ready to move on, Superstar?\" Liz jested as Roxanne approached. \"We should duet sometime.\" Liz looked scornfully at the stage, now occupied by a trio of tarts. \"You wouldn't catch me dead up there. Come on, the night is young and there are other bars to conquer.\" Further into the city they went. Jet engines blared overhead as late flights took to the sky. Taxis idled in laybys and designated parking along the winding city streets. Liz and her high-heels struggled to keep pace with Roxanne and it wasn't long before she was falling over her own shadow. \"Wait up!\" she called. Roxanne turned and laughed, striding backwards. \"This is why I don't wear heels. Keep up!\" Poor Liz faltered once more, this time she went crashing into the pavement. \"Roxy!\" she cried. Roxanne scoffed and turned back again, frustrated. \"Fuck's sake.\" She was a fair way ahead of Liz. As she backtracked, two supposed kindred spirits helped Liz up. \"Easy,\" one said kindly to her. His partner, unseen by Liz, rifled through her purse and swiped a small collection of notes. Upon noticing the pickpocket, Liz called out. \"Hey!\" Before she could do anything, they both bolted. \"Bastards!\" Pursuit was pointless. Liz kept losing her balance. Roxanne saw everything and ran back to assist her friend. \"Wha- did they take something?!\" Liz examined the inside of her purse and realised the extent of the thievery. Her keys were missing, as was thirty pounds. \"Just my keys and money,\" Liz groaned. Roxanne could tell she was on the cusp of crying. They ran down a single narrow alley. \"Stay here,\" she said kindly, \"I'll get them back.\" Liz wiped the swelling tears from her eyes. \"Thank you.\" \"I'll be back in a jiffy.\"[Chapter 8] The maze of alleyways continued on and on and on, never ending. Roxanne was determined not to be beaten, even after the crooks had clocked her early, fresh puddles beneath her feet served as warnings. Rather than utilise their numeric advantage, they just fled. An intersection leading back to the main road opened up and Roxanne lost sight of them. \"Shit,\" she said frustrated and paced back and forth. \"I can't go back to Liz empty-handed.\" She kicked shattered shards of a broken bottle into the asphalt before heading back the way she came. Scuffs of sodden shoes froze her in place. \"Looking for us?\" one of them said, slim and sweating from all the running, her partner brandishing a broken bottle. Suddenly, Roxanne was not so brave. She knew the mask was just inside her pack, but the crooks were so close that she would be shanked long before she'd manage to smack the green to her face. \"What's in the bag? Empty it!\" he demanded. Roxanne did not move, did not draw breath. Then glass bit into her neck like fangs of a wolf. \"Alright! Alright!\" she said raising her arms, levering one to unhook the pack. The slim one snagged the bag and rummaged through, turning out shreds of paper, clips and deteriorating fabric, and the mask. \"Well? What's she have?\" his partner asked, still keeping the bottle close to Roxanne's neck, wincing with each minor, shaky adjustment. He picked up the mask, staring into it; his partner too looked as he got up. \"Halloween's come early. This shit ain't worth jack.\" \"So…what now, Jez? Kill her?\" Roxanne's eyes widened as blood drew from her neck. Oh god, hope I'm not gonna regret this. \"Wait!\" Roxanne said sharply before anything else could happen. Only her blood was worthwhile to them, their loss – even if Roxanne was not big on her idea, it was her only option now. She gulped. \"T-there's more to that mask-\" the bottle pressed harder and Roxanne tilted back so that she wouldn't suffer. \"What?\" Jez asked. \"I can show you something… magical with that mask. If you'll let me,\" Roxanne waited. Jez looked to his partner as did she, baffled. Their uneducated brains could not fathom the reasoning behind it and laughed. \"Magical, you say? You must think we're idiots,\" Jez said. \"Magic doesn't exist.\" Roxanne gulped again, trying to think of a way to pry the mask from them whilst still keeping her head. \"Okay. A proposal then.\" \"A what?\" \"A prop- a deal: I show you the magic. You let me go. If you're not satisfied, then you can…do what you want. Either way, the decision is yours.\" Roxanne held, keeping her breaths shallow as the two pondered one another with their gazes until eventually laughing. \"Okay, magician,\" Jez chuckled and handed the mask to Roxanne. \"Show us the trick. It better be good.\" She cupped it in her hands, bottle still to her neck. \"It'll be to die for,\" Roxanne grinned. I hope. Without any further hesitation she brought the mask up and buried her face into it once more. Roxanne cried as the jade rocks rattled her skull. It stuck fast, burning to her flesh, going from stone cold to searing coals in a mere moment. She wailed and cried as jade pulled round her skull like snake coils, swallowing her hair. Pain cleansed her of thoughts beyond the assault on her body. All she wished for was more preparation before slapping that mask on. While she could not hear nor see her attackers, they watched on in terror as the young woman tussled with her head, quickly being wrapped and consumed by the once unassuming object. \"Jez, what the fuck's happening?!\" the woman cried over Roxanne's screams. \"I dunno! How the fuck am I supposed to know, huh?!\" Clouds swirled, enveloping the red-headed girl still screaming and wailing, becoming hoarser, deeper as bolts shot from the storm. They shielded their eyes and backed away, feeling a force dragging them towards the sparks. White crackles revealed an agonised skeleton within. \"Should we get some help?\" \"Let's just get outta here! Why we still standing around, come on!\" \"Too late, chumps,\" a voice said beyond the smoke. Clouds washed over Roxanne's skin and green dome as she emerged, her hair, pink and electric. \"You've gone too fore!\" she grinned. \"Four? Four wha-\" \"Fore!\" Roxanne cried out, whacking Jez's head with a giant golf club, sending him into orbit, screaming and wailing until the furthest alley wall stopped his ascent. Yes. I can do this. Roxanne felt in control, about as convinced as a novice on a newly broken horse. She meant to do that, but as she set eyes on Jez's girlfriend, she began to crack. Her smug smile warped to demonic grin. \"S-so, toots.\" Roxanne's mind couldn't think straight, she felt the mask's influence digging into her reasonable thinking, picking away at her locked emotions. \"What am I to do with you, hrm?\" Her own consciousness vanished and her deepest emotions drove her. The woman, foolish and unsure what to do, felt the best course was to jab the big red eye with the bottle. She was only human after all. Roxanne wailed and cried as the shards pierced her eye. \"Ow! Ah, ow!\" Then suddenly stopped and stared through the neck of the bottle. \"Please. Don't you get it, toots?!\" And pulled the bottle off, crunching at grinding followed by a pop. \"I'm invincible! Stay there a second,\" Roxanne laughed and framed the terrorised face with her fingers. \"Ah, the perfect image! I shall call it: The Moaner Lisa! You're name is Lisa, right? Well, it is now. I know a girl called Lisa-\" The woman's body tingled and froze, like a dead leg but all over. She tried to move, but her feet were glued to the spot. As Roxanne moved her fingers up, down all around, the woman followed forever stuck within the frame of flesh. Roxanne snapped her fingers, the woman felt free, released from whatever spell the green-faced assailant had her under. She tried to run but hit something. Roxanne laughed hysterically. \"Hey!\" The woman tried another way and hit something again. \"What gives?!\" It took her two more attempts to realise that she was trapped – Roxanne took her fingers out of frame and held a small cube in her hand, the woman staring out, bashing an invisible barrier. \"Aw, she's so cute!\" Roxanne giggled, shaking the tiny prison. \"Let me the fuck out of here you creep!\" \"Mommy, can I keep her! No you cannot. Daww, pwease? No! Fine. Time to say bye, bye pretty birdy.\" She sighed and grinned from pointed cheek to pointed cheek. \"Pull!\" she yelled and threw the cube into the air, and dragged a hefty revolver from her trouser pocket. Whilst the cube was still airborne, Roxanne took shots at it. One . Missed. Two. Missed. Three, four, five, six… Missed. \"Meh. The fall'll get her.\" Not quite. The cube and the woman within fell out of sight and into a dumpster. \"Whelp, the council will have one messy rubbish truck when they squish her.\" Helplessly, she knocked on the confines of her prison, unlikely to be heard by anyone. \"Soooo…what now?\" Roxanne pondered tapping and scratching her green cranium. Liz's stolen items lay about the tarmac, dropped once Jez took flight. \"Ah the damsel's effects! I mustn't disappoint her, for she is waiting for me and my heroic return! I shall be loved – adored – dare I say – which I do! I will forever be noticed for my altruism!\" Then a devious ditty popped up in Roxanne's head. \"Pfft, fuck no! She can wait. There's somebody I'd like you to get acquainted with, big ole' bean head.\" Alison stumbled around the city streets for another hour clutching her aching belly. Damn Roxanne could kick. She hadn't felt this winded since she once fell off a trampoline back in secondary school. Some thought it was funny, but Alison never noticed those that really cared – not even a certain red-haired dyed harlot. Eventually she bumbled into her favourite watering hole – besides the bottom of the harbour, as Roxanne and many others might have wished – and pulled up a barstool. The barman recognised his regular and mixed up a vodka and cola without a single exchange of words, as he approached he noted her clasping her belly too tightly. \"Time of the month, Ally? Don't think you should be drinking.\" \"Even if that were the case, go fuck yourself, Kyle. Some bitch got me good in the gut. That's it,\" Alison groaned and took a sip. Kyle and Allison were friends, but not good enough for her to be a bed-fellow. He was a tad overweight, though he argued it was nothing more than a beer-gut. Regardless, she did not find it flattering, instead, she confided in him as a source and a good drinking buddy. Even though her belly still burned with hate fuelled by vodka, she was up for a good night of rough passion. The bar was filled with the usual assortment of male groups and a handful of couples receiving scornful stares from Alison. They smiled and shared their tongues like a horde of braggarts; she grimaced with a horrid mix of jealousy and disgust. A group by the pool tables were drawn by an individual demonstrating his skills with a cue. Impressed drunks hollered and cheered as the slick young man with combed back fringe and prominent cheekbones knocked the balls about the table. \"Now that I have entertained your egos, which of you fine gentleman would care to play?\" His Lancashire accent stood out in the bar. None of the westerners were interested now that he was no longer dazzling them with pub tricks. \"Nobody?\" Perhaps they realised how one-sided a friendly game would be. \"Surely you sir can play?\" He gestured to another with the cue who dismissed himself too. \"Right, fine – I'll just entertain myself then.\" He waltzed up to the bar alongside Alison, unaware of her wandering eyes scanning him. \"Barkeep, one ale for a weary simpleton!\" \"Are you queer?\" Alison asked. Neutral Kyle didn't smile, this stranger was new to the bar so he had no idea how he'd react. Normally if one of Kyle's regulars was asked that they'd punch said person until they were unrecognisable, at least if they were in the presence of their partners or peers. So the guy's calm demeanour was surprising. \"No, my dear. I'm just glad to have a beer in my hand and a lovely lady beside me.\" \"Well keep your other hand to yourself, weirdo.\" She'd seen all sorts of weird hording after her before, but nothing quite as peculiar as this guy. \"That I can. That I can. Though you should lighten up – it does no wonders to your complexion.\" \"Lighten up? You have no clue the time I'm having.\" \"Troubles with money. And perhaps an encounter with an old flame.\" Alison looked up at the stranger with a puzzled glare. \"Sound about right?\" \"How do you-\" \"Who doesn't have money issues in this day and age, my dear. And I saw your scuffle with the flare-headed mistress on the quay earlier.\" Alison scowled. \"You been stalking me?\" \"You could say that. In fact, I could help you out with a problem or two.\" Slightly creeped out and partially intrigued, Alison debated whether she should trust this stranger with prominent cheekbones. \"How so?\" \"I simply wish to talk with the gentlemen – the sharks, shall we say – you owe. Perhaps even convince them to wipe out your debt. I can be quite persuasive.\" \"You don't even know me. Why would you help me?\" \"Consider it a mutual interest.\" Escape seemed like the best option; something about him did not sit well with her. \"No. You'll get me into more trouble. More than I am already.\" Her wrist was suddenly grabbed by the stranger. \"My dear, you would do well to relax. Please, allow me.\" His hands explored the bare skin. Through some technique unknown to her, Alison felt alleviated; the stranger's thick digits felt soft on her flesh and seemed to release all her stress, he knew just where to apply the slightest bit of pressure. Kyle watched on, one hand beneath the bar, brushing against a telephone. \"How do you feel now?\" Alison sighed, \"Great…how did you-\" The stranger hushed her. She felt like a princess in a fairy tale spellbound by a handsome prince. \" Magic ,\" he gleamed, \"I have a way with people, see. Now I wish to meet your friends. I can help.\" Alison still felt uncomfortable taking the stranger along. Even though they just met, she felt like she could trust him. He seemed to have an aura about him, a presence that would perhaps be the solution to her problems. \"What's the catch?\" \"No catch, my dear. Show me where they are and I'll take care of the rest.\" Alison pondered for a moment too long, glancing away, failing to notice the sudden glow of red in the stranger's eyes and twitch of his composed smile.[Chapter 9] Be right back she said . Liz wandered the city streets, alone, resenting her 'friend' for supposedly abandoning her. After waiting for a few minutes at the mouth of the alleyway, she built up the courage to investigate. Surprised to find her effects left strewn about further down the alley, but no Roxanne, Liz wandered the streets for a while trying to find Roxanne. Part concerned, and part angry, she didn't return. Where are you, Roxy? After an extended search, Liz felt vulnerable being alone in the city. All she was concerned about now was getting home to her son. Even that was unlikely, considering that Roxanne's car was gone. Liz whispered under her breath. \"Fuck you, Roxanne, if this was your way of getting back at me.\" Fortunately, since she had her effects returned, she was able to make a return to Roxanne's apartment. Elsewhere a racing green jaguar idled outside a seedy club, Alison and the strange gentleman regarded the establishment. \"This is the place then, my dear?\" he asked. \" My dear ? I'm not your dear , pal. You said you could settle my debts – this is the place.\" The gentleman turned his lips up. Neon-pink lettering highlighted the nature of the building – a curvaceous outline of a female figure and logo. \" The Darling Angels Club . Very classy. I expect the owners are just as much.\" \"They're not.\" \"It was sarcasm, dear . You would do well to understand my many quirks. Shall we?\" First he got out of the vehicle. Then Alison followed once he stepped round to the passenger side, opening the door for her. Never had she encountered such an individual, drunk or no – his mannerisms were alien to her simple mind. He gestured to Alison to lead on, of course these people knew her so she could at least understand that decision. \"I'll do the talking. They'll get funny with a stranger.\" \"Very well. I'll withhold my charms until required.\" His face twitched, though it was hard to see in the darkness of the streets. Two bruisers, like giant hairless gorillas wearing tuxedos, stood at the door. They instantly acknowledged the approaching woman. \"Ali, boss says get lost until you can pay your debt,\" one said. \"That's why I'm here, Jonny. I've got his money .\" He passed a glance at the gentleman in tow. \"That so? What's with the clown?\" \"He's, uh, a friend. That's not important,\" Alison said with minimal conviction. \"This fruit ain't getting in.\" \"That's quite unnecessary spouting insults gentlemen. I am simply here as a neutral party to assist in Ms Alison's predicament.\" \"Say what?\" Jonny replied, his partner keeping suitably quiet for the time being. The prominent cheeked gentleman showed the first sign of losing patience. \"Let me translate this into words you chaps will understand: I merely wish to meet your boss to settle Alison's debt.\" \"This whore's debt? Why would anyone stick their neck out for you?\" the other standing gorilla said, glancing towards Alison. \"I am a patient individual, Jonny , but even my patience has its limit. Let me through, or I will be mailing your limbs parcel post to your family one day at a time.\" \"Is that a threat, meathead?\" \"No. Not at all,\" the gentleman smiled. \"It's a fact, Jonny. If you don't let us through, that is.\" \"Okay, time to take a hike, buster.\" Jonny approached ready to grab the gentleman. With little effort he proceeded to twist Jonny's arm into awkward positions he didn't know existed. A sudden pop and wail followed. \" That's a threat. So, will you let us through now?\" Jonny, for a large man, kept his cool under the immense pain and the loss of function as his arm limply dangled. \"Fuck. Fine, go on.\" \"Thank you.\" He glanced at the other bouncer again, \"um…you best take Jonny to a hospital. That might be quite bad.\" Alison watched the whole scenario, mouth agape and instead followed the gentleman into the club. \"Um…okay. Was that fucking necessary?!\" she said with a slight raise of her voice. \"Obstacles, my dear. I dealt with them. They weren't going to let us in otherwise.\" \"Fine. Whatever. When we're inside, I'll take you to Zack, he runs the place. Please, don't do anything to piss him off.\" \"I wouldn't dream of it,\" the gentleman replied. Somehow Alison didn't believe him. As they entered the club proper a deep red hue doused the pair as if every occupant was drenched in blood. Gentle, steady pulses between red and alluring pink accompanied the slow, sensual music. Carpets and pillars adorned the corridors and main hall with tall ceiling and windows across the top accommodating patrons. As if the welcoming name and logo wasn't clear enough, the gentleman realised what kind of club this was. Scantily clad women, some with less clothing than normal, paraded about the place. Atop a stage a feminine figure swivelled and danced around wearing only a hypnotic smile and a gorgeous gaze, drawing gawkers and onlookers from the floor to the bar. Not for the gentleman though. Something else was on their mind. Alison guided him off to the back, walking pass the booths full of strangers and hormonal individuals salivating over the evenings offerings: Rubi, Fiona, Viola, too many to name. At the end of the day, to most, these girls were just faces and meat to satisfy lonely middle aged, or older, men. After climbing a set of spiralling steps, they found themselves outside a VIP lounge. The gentleman managed to sneak a look inside over the rope barrier; a couple well-dressed individuals sat sporadically around tables. Pinstripe suits and double breasted jackets, they could've been mistaken for stars out of a mob flick. Another half-dozen or so was not as formal with their jeans and shirts and fake golden chains. Among them a woman each adorned in their own style – dresses short and long, bearing as much flesh or only a few previews of what was beneath. \"I've come to settle up with Frank,\" Alison said to the lone bouncer beside the velvet rope. Unsurprisingly, he eyed up Alison's company. \"He's with me,\" she added. A few uneasy moments for Alison followed as the bouncer conferred with another who promptly went to talk with someone inside and then returned, nodding towards the bouncer. With no complaints, he unhinged the rope and let them through. A few gave the two strange looks as a worn Alison and the composed gentleman strolled through to the prominent looking man sat by a window viewing down into the club proper. He turned and acknowledged Alison. \"Surprised seeing you back so soon, Alison.\" He stood up and turned towards her. \"I work fast,\" Alison replied, glancing quickly towards the gentleman who now had his hands well inside his pockets, a smile started to form on his face. \"A little too fast , according to your clients. So, where's my money?\" \"I brought a friend-\" \"That's nice. Where's my money? Or does Grinning Greg here have something to do with it?\" \"I do, in fact,\" the now grinning gentleman answered. \"See, I'm what you might call a...talented individual. More so than most you know, Frank. And I have my own problems. Money problems.\" \"So you don't have the money, eh? Time to leave then.\" \"You misunderstand me, Frank. I'm offering to help, to help clean her debt and make you rich – very rich.\" \"What's the catch?\" \"In return, for my continued service…eighty percent of your takings. \" Frank laughed, \"I can get as many goons as I want for that much, no matter how talented they think they are, or as crazy as they may be. No. I have a better idea…\" Slowly, he pulled out a pistol from his jacket and a silencer and twisted it onto the barrel of the firearm. \"How about: you clear off, never come back. Or I blow your brains out.\" Alison stood stunned, her eyes widening with fear, horribly regretting her decision to bring the guy along. He was crazy from the start and she should've known better. All she cared about now was her own self-preservation and edged backwards. \"Tempting ultimatum. But I must insist.\" Like a western standoff the two men stared into one another's eyes. Frank didn't flinch, nor the gentleman. Only the pulsing bass boomed through the room. \"Fine.\" With that, Frank raised his weapon and pulled the trigger. A muffled blast escaped the barrel and a round lodged itself between the gentleman's eyes, going straight through and into the wall behind. He staggered back with the force of the impact, his body collapsing like a ragdoll into a seat behind him. Frank smirked and began twisting the smoking suppressor off. \"Take this body and dump him in the river.\" He turned to Alison. \"As for you-\" \"We're not done yet,\" a deep, scratchy voice groaned. From his seat, the gentleman stood up, reacting as if he didn't have a gaping hole through his head, he adjusted his shirt clearing out the creases. Then he put a finger through his head, feeling around the messy entryway. \"I was quite fond of this face. Now look what you've gone and done.\" Frank and his posse were left stunned in a frame of 'what the fuck.' \"Aw, well. Suppose there's no need for disguises anymore.\" \"What the fuck are you?!\" demanded Frank. Without a word, the gentleman pulled his finger out, gripping at a seam around the bullet wound with it. As a loose piece of flesh came away, he got hold of more with the rest of his fingers. With each removal of the flesh a green face revealed itself, blood splashing away as the false mask was ripped from the body. \"Your worst nightmare!\" Roxanne grinned as she pulled the last remaining shred of fake flesh free. Half of the patrons vacated their bowels at the grotesque sight of the ripping face. \"You!\" Frank growled, hastily reattaching the silencer, fumbling like a novice. \"Yes, me!\" Roxanne wasn't immediately concerned by what Frank was referring to; she was distracted by removing her disguise as if it were a second skin. Eventually, her full form emerged from the body, wearing a suit of her own with crazy hot-pink. \"What about me?\" Roxanne stared around like an innocent pup, curious as to Frank's accusation. Once he managed to attach the silencer, he pointed the firearm back at the green-faced intruder. \"You're the one what got my casino shut down!\" Roxanne turned to Frank, sheepishly observing him as he pointlessly aimed the weapon at her. \"That won't stop me. Worked so well the first time, right?\" she grinned like the devil herself. \"Besides, it's done wonders for my complexion.\" Most failed to notice the gradual mend on her skull as the bullet wound disappeared, renewed and wrapped in green skin. \"I should be thanking you, Frank.\" \"Shut up! Stop talking!\" Frank demanded. His scornful look of hate and anger unaltered in the slightest by Roxanne's unique rebuttals. She remained quiet, yet kept a quizzical look upon her face. \"How dare you have the balls to destroy my business, you then come to me offering your services with intent to rip me off?! Are you fucking mental… whoever you are?!\" \"Oops…does that mean no deal then?\" she asked cheekily, infuriating the man further. Veins looked to be bursting as the blood rushed to his skin. One followed by several shots escaped the barrel with muffled blasts impacting different areas of Roxanne's body. \"Come on now, that's just getting annoying,\" she jested as the bullets went straight through her. Soon enough, there was clicking as Frank kept pulling the trigger of the empty gun. Even with the muffling of the weapon, Alison held her ears and turned away, unable to watch the scene much more. The sound of metal shells impacting and piercing flesh was enough to make her stomach churn with disgust. Most would be dead, but not Roxanne with the mask. She took each round as if she was wearing a thick plate of Kevlar under her clothes. \"Are you quite done?\" \"Wha-what are you?\" Frank stammered, finally realising his foolishness as he stowed his weapon. \"I'm your new boss, Frank. Since you've been so reluctant to accept my generous offer of a fair share I've decided I'll just take your role instead.\" Roxanne made herself comfortable in the chair where Frank once sat as an assurance and taunt of her position. Being the man Frank was he was not going to accept such a young, albeit strange, upstart, move in and take his place. \"I answer to no-one!\" \"Then let's make this easy. Accept your new role before I liquidate you,\" Roxanne replied with a typically fiendish grin. \"I can do quite easily to you what you could never do to me in two seconds flat. Want to test it?\" Frank remained silent for now. He valued his life, even at the cost of his businesses to the strange entity. After witnessing what she could do, he was not going to try it any longer. \"Good: You know your place. From now on, Alison's debt is cleared and you answer to me. Whether you like it or not – I don't care – I'm calling the shots. Do what I say Frank and I'll make you a very rich man. Us – we'll be very rich. Just you wait and see. But! If you decide to do anything to upset me. Well. That'd be spoiling things now. So be a good underling, continue doing what you do. I have plans you'll know about soon enough.\" Roxanne patted Frank on the cheek like a toddler or an obedient pup and signalled him away. He grimaced as he went, cursing the misfortune struck upon him. Meanwhile, Roxanne swivelled in her chair, enjoying a sense of childish delight. Seeing all the perplexed faces of her company made her even giddier – the attention, people noticing her, even if it were through strange, bold methods. Alison saw the unharmed green-faced girl and released a small smile. Yes, she was free from her debt as Frank agreed. However, she was not convinced this crazy woman was transparent in their arrangement. Alison approached. \"Thanks,\" she said quietly. \"What happens now?\" \"Now?!\" Roxanne replied surprised. \"Now the fun really begins.\"","LastChapter":"Be right back she said . Liz wandered the city streets, alone, resenting her 'friend' for supposedly abandoning her. After waiting for a few minutes at the mouth of the alleyway, she built up the courage to investigate. Surprised to find her effects left strewn about further down the alley, but no Roxanne, Liz wandered the streets for a while trying to find Roxanne. Part concerned, and part angry, she didn't return. Where are you, Roxy? After an extended search, Liz felt vulnerable being alone in the city. All she was concerned about now was getting home to her son. Even that was unlikely, considering that Roxanne's car was gone. Liz whispered under her breath. \"Fuck you, Roxanne, if this was your way of getting back at me.\" Fortunately, since she had her effects returned, she was able to make a return to Roxanne's apartment. Elsewhere a racing green jaguar idled outside a seedy club, Alison and the strange gentleman regarded the establishment. \"This is the place then, my dear?\" he asked. \" My dear ? I'm not your dear , pal. You said you could settle my debts – this is the place.\" The gentleman turned his lips up. Neon-pink lettering highlighted the nature of the building – a curvaceous outline of a female figure and logo. \" The Darling Angels Club . Very classy. I expect the owners are just as much.\" \"They're not.\" \"It was sarcasm, dear . You would do well to understand my many quirks. Shall we?\" First he got out of the vehicle. Then Alison followed once he stepped round to the passenger side, opening the door for her. Never had she encountered such an individual, drunk or no – his mannerisms were alien to her simple mind. He gestured to Alison to lead on, of course these people knew her so she could at least understand that decision. \"I'll do the talking. They'll get funny with a stranger.\" \"Very well. I'll withhold my charms until required.\" His face twitched, though it was hard to see in the darkness of the streets. Two bruisers, like giant hairless gorillas wearing tuxedos, stood at the door. They instantly acknowledged the approaching woman. \"Ali, boss says get lost until you can pay your debt,\" one said. \"That's why I'm here, Jonny. I've got his money .\" He passed a glance at the gentleman in tow. \"That so? What's with the clown?\" \"He's, uh, a friend. That's not important,\" Alison said with minimal conviction. \"This fruit ain't getting in.\" \"That's quite unnecessary spouting insults gentlemen. I am simply here as a neutral party to assist in Ms Alison's predicament.\" \"Say what?\" Jonny replied, his partner keeping suitably quiet for the time being. The prominent cheeked gentleman showed the first sign of losing patience. \"Let me translate this into words you chaps will understand: I merely wish to meet your boss to settle Alison's debt.\" \"This whore's debt? Why would anyone stick their neck out for you?\" the other standing gorilla said, glancing towards Alison. \"I am a patient individual, Jonny , but even my patience has its limit. Let me through, or I will be mailing your limbs parcel post to your family one day at a time.\" \"Is that a threat, meathead?\" \"No. Not at all,\" the gentleman smiled. \"It's a fact, Jonny. If you don't let us through, that is.\" \"Okay, time to take a hike, buster.\" Jonny approached ready to grab the gentleman. With little effort he proceeded to twist Jonny's arm into awkward positions he didn't know existed. A sudden pop and wail followed. \" That's a threat. So, will you let us through now?\" Jonny, for a large man, kept his cool under the immense pain and the loss of function as his arm limply dangled. \"Fuck. Fine, go on.\" \"Thank you.\" He glanced at the other bouncer again, \"um…you best take Jonny to a hospital. That might be quite bad.\" Alison watched the whole scenario, mouth agape and instead followed the gentleman into the club. \"Um…okay. Was that fucking necessary?!\" she said with a slight raise of her voice. \"Obstacles, my dear. I dealt with them. They weren't going to let us in otherwise.\" \"Fine. Whatever. When we're inside, I'll take you to Zack, he runs the place. Please, don't do anything to piss him off.\" \"I wouldn't dream of it,\" the gentleman replied. Somehow Alison didn't believe him. As they entered the club proper a deep red hue doused the pair as if every occupant was drenched in blood. Gentle, steady pulses between red and alluring pink accompanied the slow, sensual music. Carpets and pillars adorned the corridors and main hall with tall ceiling and windows across the top accommodating patrons. As if the welcoming name and logo wasn't clear enough, the gentleman realised what kind of club this was. Scantily clad women, some with less clothing than normal, paraded about the place. Atop a stage a feminine figure swivelled and danced around wearing only a hypnotic smile and a gorgeous gaze, drawing gawkers and onlookers from the floor to the bar. Not for the gentleman though. Something else was on their mind. Alison guided him off to the back, walking pass the booths full of strangers and hormonal individuals salivating over the evenings offerings: Rubi, Fiona, Viola, too many to name. At the end of the day, to most, these girls were just faces and meat to satisfy lonely middle aged, or older, men. After climbing a set of spiralling steps, they found themselves outside a VIP lounge. The gentleman managed to sneak a look inside over the rope barrier; a couple well-dressed individuals sat sporadically around tables. Pinstripe suits and double breasted jackets, they could've been mistaken for stars out of a mob flick. Another half-dozen or so was not as formal with their jeans and shirts and fake golden chains. Among them a woman each adorned in their own style – dresses short and long, bearing as much flesh or only a few previews of what was beneath. \"I've come to settle up with Frank,\" Alison said to the lone bouncer beside the velvet rope. Unsurprisingly, he eyed up Alison's company. \"He's with me,\" she added. A few uneasy moments for Alison followed as the bouncer conferred with another who promptly went to talk with someone inside and then returned, nodding towards the bouncer. With no complaints, he unhinged the rope and let them through. A few gave the two strange looks as a worn Alison and the composed gentleman strolled through to the prominent looking man sat by a window viewing down into the club proper. He turned and acknowledged Alison. \"Surprised seeing you back so soon, Alison.\" He stood up and turned towards her. \"I work fast,\" Alison replied, glancing quickly towards the gentleman who now had his hands well inside his pockets, a smile started to form on his face. \"A little too fast , according to your clients. So, where's my money?\" \"I brought a friend-\" \"That's nice. Where's my money? Or does Grinning Greg here have something to do with it?\" \"I do, in fact,\" the now grinning gentleman answered. \"See, I'm what you might call a...talented individual. More so than most you know, Frank. And I have my own problems. Money problems.\" \"So you don't have the money, eh? Time to leave then.\" \"You misunderstand me, Frank. I'm offering to help, to help clean her debt and make you rich – very rich.\" \"What's the catch?\" \"In return, for my continued service…eighty percent of your takings. \" Frank laughed, \"I can get as many goons as I want for that much, no matter how talented they think they are, or as crazy as they may be. No. I have a better idea…\" Slowly, he pulled out a pistol from his jacket and a silencer and twisted it onto the barrel of the firearm. \"How about: you clear off, never come back. Or I blow your brains out.\" Alison stood stunned, her eyes widening with fear, horribly regretting her decision to bring the guy along. He was crazy from the start and she should've known better. All she cared about now was her own self-preservation and edged backwards. \"Tempting ultimatum. But I must insist.\" Like a western standoff the two men stared into one another's eyes. Frank didn't flinch, nor the gentleman. Only the pulsing bass boomed through the room. \"Fine.\" With that, Frank raised his weapon and pulled the trigger. A muffled blast escaped the barrel and a round lodged itself between the gentleman's eyes, going straight through and into the wall behind. He staggered back with the force of the impact, his body collapsing like a ragdoll into a seat behind him. Frank smirked and began twisting the smoking suppressor off. \"Take this body and dump him in the river.\" He turned to Alison. \"As for you-\" \"We're not done yet,\" a deep, scratchy voice groaned. From his seat, the gentleman stood up, reacting as if he didn't have a gaping hole through his head, he adjusted his shirt clearing out the creases. Then he put a finger through his head, feeling around the messy entryway. \"I was quite fond of this face. Now look what you've gone and done.\" Frank and his posse were left stunned in a frame of 'what the fuck.' \"Aw, well. Suppose there's no need for disguises anymore.\" \"What the fuck are you?!\" demanded Frank. Without a word, the gentleman pulled his finger out, gripping at a seam around the bullet wound with it. As a loose piece of flesh came away, he got hold of more with the rest of his fingers. With each removal of the flesh a green face revealed itself, blood splashing away as the false mask was ripped from the body. \"Your worst nightmare!\" Roxanne grinned as she pulled the last remaining shred of fake flesh free. Half of the patrons vacated their bowels at the grotesque sight of the ripping face. \"You!\" Frank growled, hastily reattaching the silencer, fumbling like a novice. \"Yes, me!\" Roxanne wasn't immediately concerned by what Frank was referring to; she was distracted by removing her disguise as if it were a second skin. Eventually, her full form emerged from the body, wearing a suit of her own with crazy hot-pink. \"What about me?\" Roxanne stared around like an innocent pup, curious as to Frank's accusation. Once he managed to attach the silencer, he pointed the firearm back at the green-faced intruder. \"You're the one what got my casino shut down!\" Roxanne turned to Frank, sheepishly observing him as he pointlessly aimed the weapon at her. \"That won't stop me. Worked so well the first time, right?\" she grinned like the devil herself. \"Besides, it's done wonders for my complexion.\" Most failed to notice the gradual mend on her skull as the bullet wound disappeared, renewed and wrapped in green skin. \"I should be thanking you, Frank.\" \"Shut up! Stop talking!\" Frank demanded. His scornful look of hate and anger unaltered in the slightest by Roxanne's unique rebuttals. She remained quiet, yet kept a quizzical look upon her face. \"How dare you have the balls to destroy my business, you then come to me offering your services with intent to rip me off?! Are you fucking mental… whoever you are?!\" \"Oops…does that mean no deal then?\" she asked cheekily, infuriating the man further. Veins looked to be bursting as the blood rushed to his skin. One followed by several shots escaped the barrel with muffled blasts impacting different areas of Roxanne's body. \"Come on now, that's just getting annoying,\" she jested as the bullets went straight through her. Soon enough, there was clicking as Frank kept pulling the trigger of the empty gun. Even with the muffling of the weapon, Alison held her ears and turned away, unable to watch the scene much more. The sound of metal shells impacting and piercing flesh was enough to make her stomach churn with disgust. Most would be dead, but not Roxanne with the mask. She took each round as if she was wearing a thick plate of Kevlar under her clothes. \"Are you quite done?\" \"Wha-what are you?\" Frank stammered, finally realising his foolishness as he stowed his weapon. \"I'm your new boss, Frank. Since you've been so reluctant to accept my generous offer of a fair share I've decided I'll just take your role instead.\" Roxanne made herself comfortable in the chair where Frank once sat as an assurance and taunt of her position. Being the man Frank was he was not going to accept such a young, albeit strange, upstart, move in and take his place. \"I answer to no-one!\" \"Then let's make this easy. Accept your new role before I liquidate you,\" Roxanne replied with a typically fiendish grin. \"I can do quite easily to you what you could never do to me in two seconds flat. Want to test it?\" Frank remained silent for now. He valued his life, even at the cost of his businesses to the strange entity. After witnessing what she could do, he was not going to try it any longer. \"Good: You know your place. From now on, Alison's debt is cleared and you answer to me. Whether you like it or not – I don't care – I'm calling the shots. Do what I say Frank and I'll make you a very rich man. Us – we'll be very rich. Just you wait and see. But! If you decide to do anything to upset me. Well. That'd be spoiling things now. So be a good underling, continue doing what you do. I have plans you'll know about soon enough.\" Roxanne patted Frank on the cheek like a toddler or an obedient pup and signalled him away. He grimaced as he went, cursing the misfortune struck upon him. Meanwhile, Roxanne swivelled in her chair, enjoying a sense of childish delight. Seeing all the perplexed faces of her company made her even giddier – the attention, people noticing her, even if it were through strange, bold methods. Alison saw the unharmed green-faced girl and released a small smile. Yes, she was free from her debt as Frank agreed. However, she was not convinced this crazy woman was transparent in their arrangement. Alison approached. \"Thanks,\" she said quietly. \"What happens now?\" \"Now?!\" Roxanne replied surprised. \"Now the fun really begins.\"","Summary":" Lightning cracks and thunderous booms echoed around the lone FedEs aircraft braving the Atlantic st","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  M - English -  OC - Chapters: 9   - Words: 22,486 - Favs: 1 - Follows: 3 - Updated: 10 8 2016 - Published: 1 8 2015 - id: 10957998 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Christmas is Better Spent with Someone You Love","Author":"Dana Kathrine Scully","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3828207","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A pampered rat met a beautiful sewer rat one fateful day…. \" Inhave got, to get home….\" She took him home. But fell in love with him on the way… \" Roddy!\" He fell in love with her on the way also… \" Rita!\" Their friendship turned into something platonic… \" You wouldn'tnhappen to need a first mate, would you?\" But at the same time, their feelings brought them danger… \" Goodbye,nrat!\" And to their horror, they had to overcome it themselves. \" Wenneed to get downstairs and pull out that cable!\" That had happened years ago. Where are the young rats now? \" Christmastime,nIs here…\" It'snChristmas. \"Happiness,nand Cheer…\" Arenthey still in love? \"Funnfor all, the children call,\" Findnout… \" Theirnfavorite time, of the year.\" AtnChristmas time. FlushednAway: The sequel ThenChristmas Season Comingnto the screen you are currently staring at soon.[Chapter 2] Ok, I'll give in. You've all been begging me to update, but the good part won't come until Christmas, ok? Do we have a deal? Here goes: ------------------------------------------- Carols echoed through the streets of Piccadilly. Snow drifted in from up top through unused manholes. Human sized Christmas lights hung from the rooftops and shops. Branches from artificial Christmas trees were sold in little lots. Rats were scurrying about, buying gifts for their loved ones. Rats had little carts to put their bags in. A female rat walked these streets, bundled up in a Union Jack print coat and gloves, holding a male rat's hand, who was wearing a black coat. Rita Malone and Roddy St. James walked the main branch of the Piccadilly Shopping Complex. Rita was smiling at all the adorable sights, like a young, four year old rat sitting on Father Christmas' lap. She imagined her future children sitting on his lap, quoting what he or she desired for the holiday. Rita looked inside another shop, a toy shop, and saw a few children with their mothers, showing them what was on their Christmas lists. Roddy St. James watched Rita as she obseved these sights with a smile on her beautiful face. He was holding her hand, and put an arm around her shoulders and pulled her close. She snuggled up to him and sighed in contentment. They had been together ever since the incident with the Toad, and the couple was always closest during Christmas. Rita stayed close to him all the way to the parking lot, where they fought to find their way to their boat, the Jammy Dodger Mark II. The docks were crowded with rats going to their boats or leaving to shop. Rita and Roddy finally made their way to the parking space and get on. The new Jammy Dodger had a decent and readable dashboard, a better joystick for the crane, and an actual steering wheel, not a faucet handle. This made steering a whole lot easier. Rita started up the engine and carefully steered out of the space. Parking was tight, and the Dodger was a rather large boat, if someone compared it to other scavenging boats. Rita got the entire boat backed out and into the lane in about five minutes, and was now stuck in traffic to get out. She sighed in contempt. She despised traffic jams. She wasn't good at patience, so this was gonna be a problem if they were stuck for more than twenty minutes. By then Rita would be fed up enough to try and weave through the the boats. They managed to get out of the traffic and took a back route. It wasn't near as quick, but there were only a few boats on this stretch. Rita sped along the waterway until the Little Soho drive came into view. Her family had bought a new house, and it was on ground, not a houseboat. Rita was grateful it was attached to something solid. No more restless nights from being seasick, the family could all have seperate dishes, and Fergus could skate around as much as he wanted without effecting the house. He broke a board every now and again, but that was fixable. There were plenty of boards in Piccadilly. Rita sided up to a dock close to the Malone house and tied the Dodger to a post. She double knotted the knot and walked across the plasa to the house her family had bought. It was a bit run down, but Rita's father was fixing it up. He was suspended on a little platform, working on the siding. Rita called up tp him. \"Oi! Dad! Is Mum back?\" she yelled. \"Nope! She's still shopping, I think. She might have gone over to Geraldines' house to wrap things. You know mum, everything must be done before the time comes!\" her father yelled back. \"Oi, I could use some help with this, ya know, Rita. I'm not gonna ask Roddy because I know he's afraid of heights!\" Rita laughed and agreed. She and Roddy walked inside the house. Rita changed into a thicker coat and walked up the stairs to climb out the window and help her dad. -------------------------------------- THE NEXT DAY \"Wake up, Rita! Wake up Rita! Wake up, Rita! Wake up, R-\" Rita's alarm clock screeched. Rita was sebmerged in her blankets and reached out a hand and smacked her clock. She curled up back under her blankets. A few minutes later it screeched again. She smacked it. About 20 minutes later something spoke gently in her ear, in the direction of the alarm clock. She instinctively reached out a hand and went to slam her hand on the snooze button, but instead slammed into someone's snout. \"Ow! What was that for?\" Roddy whined. Rita shot up from under the covers. She looked at Roddy, who was rubbing the end of his snout with a grimace on his face. Rita covered her mouth with a hand as she apologised. \"Roddy, I'm sorry! I thought you were my alarm clock!\" she said. As if on cue, the alarm clock went off. \"Wake up, Rita! Wake up, Rita! Wake up, Rita! Wake-\" it squawked as Rita picked it up and turned it off. Roddy nodded with a smile. \"That explains the hit, but wow, I should've known you packed a punch before this. After all, you did punch me after I proved that the first ruby was fake.\" A smile spread across his face. \"I try to do someone a favor and-OW!\" Rita caught on. \"Favor?! That jewel, was from Queen Elizebeth's crown! It fell down the drains from Buckingham Palace!\" Rita threw pillows at him while they remembered the moment. \"Well, maybe the queen wears fake jewelry!\" \"Keep still!\" \"Can we just talk about this?\" \"Real or not, that ruby was gonna CHANGE, MY LIFE!!!\" Rita and Roddy engaged in a pillow fight, both on their pajamas. Rita smacked Roddy and He smacked her back. They were having a load of fun. Rita was wearing a tight yellow shirt which read 'Dream' and lowrise blue pajama pants. She had slipped a pair of black slippers on and was now doubled over laughing. ROddy was wearing a pair of black pajama pants and a loose blue T-shirt which read 'I come with my own background music' on the front and 'I do all my own stunts' on the back, with a stick figure slipping and falling. He was also doubled over in laughter. Rita dropped to her knees as she laughed, and Roddy fell backwards. They both regulated their breathing after about ten minutes and got up, still laughing a bit. Rita's hair was messy, and Roddy's looked like a wheatfield before harvest-messy and unorganised. They both looked bad. It was all funny though. Rita got up and grabbed the hairbrush she had salvaged and began brushing her hair. She tossed Roddy another brush she had salvaged for him and he brushed the mess out. Rita's hair shone as she put it on the generic ponytail. She alked over to her closet and chose her Union Jack jeans and a red T-shirt. Roddy went to get dressed, and Rita gathered all her shower stuff and went into her bathroom. Rita got out of the shower and dried her hair, brushed it, and put it back in the ponytail. She slipped into the jeans and fastened the Master Cable belt around her waist. She put the T-shirt on and grabbed her white sweater. Rita bounced downstairs and into the living room, were all the boys were watching Mythbusters. Rita loved the show. She sat down on the couch between Shockey and Shamus. Shockey gave his sister the regular good morning hug he always did. He was the one who was a suckup to his big sister. The others just respected her. Rita decided to get off her butt and have breakfast. She opened the pantry door and grabbed a box of cereal. She poured a bit into a bowl and put the box back. Rita then went to the fridge and grabbed the milk and poured some in. She put it back and opened a drawer and got a spoon, then sat down and ate her breakfast. Roddy walked down in a pair of jeans with Union Jack peeking out ofthe pockets. He had allowed Rita to put a touch of Union Jack on all his clothes, and she put the patches in all the right places. Like on the pockets, along the zippers of jackets, and etc. He was wearing a black Aero shirt he had salvaged himself. He had the same breakfast Rita had, and after they both finished they slipped their boots, coats, gloves and hats on and walked out the door to finish shopping for the holiday.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Rita ached as her mumnreorganised the plates of Christmas candy and baked stuff for thenbillionth time. Does she EVER get tired ofnthis? Rita wondered. She got caught inntraffic, AGAIN, and up ahead she saw smoke and steam and assumednthere was a wreck up ahead. A bad one judging from the smoke colornand the size of the column. \"I certainly hope nonone was hurt,\" Mrs. Malone said worriedly. Rita knew shenwouldn't be able to weave through this traffic anytime soon, sonwalked away from the wheel and sat down, fatigue from the hours ofncaroling and delivering Christmas treats overtaking her. After shensat for a few minutes she decided to go below deck and crash on thensponge down there. She opened the door andnwalked down, telling her mum to call her if traffic got moving again.nAfter calling over her shoulder, Rita saw a few of her siblingsnsacked out on the floor, curled up on soft bits of cloth ornhuman-sized washrags. Rita smiled and moved Liam so that he looked anbit more comfortable and turned to the sponge. Roddy was asleep onnit. Another reason to pull out the othernsponge, She thought. She went to the closetnand opened a cupboard, almost barfing when the smell drifted out. Thensponge was dotted with bits of blue and green. Mold. Intold him to try and dry it out! That Roddy... Ritanfelt frustration engulf her. She clenched her fists to vent out hernanger. She put a hand on her forehead and sighed. It'snjust his nature. It's just something he's not used to. Rita, just getnover it. Get over it. Rita turned back to thenoccupied sponge and looked at her first mate. He was kind of pressednup against the wall, slightly snoring. Rita decided to just lay downnnext to him as long as he didn't touch her. She stealthily went overnand laid down on the edge of the eponge, inching bit by bit farthernonto the sponge. Her boot bumped his knee, and he twitched. He's got good reflexes, Rita minded. She pulled her boot away fromnhim and put a hand under her head to prop it up a bit. her handnbumped Roddy in the chest and she winced. Not fast enough. Henreflexed and his arms ended up around her waist. Rita was quitennervous and uncomfortable, but it wore off. Rita carefully rolled outnfrom his arms and found a blanket and a cloth, where she set up ansmall bed and slept on the floor. About an hour and a halfnlater, Mrs. Malone saw traffic clearing up. Firefighters, emergencynmedical technicians, policemen, the whole bit were milling around thencrash site. \"Rita! Traffic'snmoving-\" Mrs. Malone stopped and her moth gaped when she saw thenboat. It looked extremely familiar. Mr. Malone's boat! \"Oh,nno...\" Mrs. Malone whispered. An EMT pushed an ambulance bedninto the back of the ambulance, and Mrs. Malone saw the body's facenbefore the EMTs zipped up the bodybag. \"Oh, Lord God dearest,nno!\" she almost yelled, going to the cockpit and steering thenboat to a parking space. She had Fergus drop the anchor and Mrs.nMalone took off running for the ambulance. \"Wait! Please!\"nshe yelled to an EMT. The woman turned around and walked to Mrs.nMalone. \"Who are you?\" \"I think that's mynhusband!\" Herriet Malone said breathlessly. \"So you want to IDnthe body?\" \"Um, yes.\" \"Uh, Mrs...?\" \"Malone.\" \"Alright. Come thisnway please,\" the EMT walked back to the ambulance and opened thendoors, pulling out the bed and bodybag. \"You ready?\" thenwoman asked. Herriet nodded hesitantly. The EMT slowly unzipped thenbag, only to reveal a face Herriet missed already. Mr. Malone. \"How badly was henhurt?\" Harriet choked. \"Well, Ma'am, hendidn't suffer. He broke three ribs, had major head trauma, bloodnloss...are you sure you want to hear this?\" \"No, please, don't goninto detail. I'm just glad he didn't go through any pain.\" \"Mum?\" Ritancalled as she sprinted towards her mum. She slowed to a dead halt.n\"Is that Dad?\" she asked, tears filling her eyes. Shenslowly walked toward the bodybag, turning away when she saw his face,nswollen and black. \"Oh no,\" she whispered as she hid hernface in her mum's shoulder. \"Dad...\" she cried, her voicenmuffled by her mother's long coat. Roddy ran up and saw Rita'snfather, turning away at the sight. Rita went to him and held himntight, him doing the same for her. Rita cried, trying desperately toncalm herself down. She couldn't. She couldn't even walk she was sontroubled. Herriet authorised an autopsy on her husband and told Roddynto take Rita and the kids home. Roddy nodded and picked Rita up,nhooking an arm under her knees. She leaned her head on his shoulder,nsighing while tears still streamed down her face. Roddy got to thenboat and took her below deck and sat her on the sponge, taking a softnblanket and tucking it around her shoulders. \"We'll be home in anfew minutes, Rita.\" Roddy assured her as he walked back up tondeck. \"Raise the anchor, Fergus.\" he asked the boy, andnFergus pulled up the anchor effortlessly. \"Roddy?\" henasked. \"Yes, Fergus?\" \"What was wrong withnRita?\" Roddy cringed. Should hentell him or let Herriet tell him? \"Well, your mum will tell younand your siblings when she gets home.\"[Chapter 4] BREAK AWAY nnnChapter 4--Trauma Have I provided enough suspensenand/or confusion for you guys? I hope so. Just to clear things up…. RITA'S DAD IS DEAD! OKAY?!n–composes herself- okay. On with Chapter four… Rita sat below deck of the Jammy Dodger. It felt sonweird knowing that it was moving, yet she wasn't driving it. It couldn't be true. It had to benall a bad dream. It HAD to be! Her dad wasn't dead. He was innperfect shape at home. But it is true. Allntoo true… Rita told herself as she sat onnthe corner of the sponge closest to the wall. She felt like cryingnherself to sleep, but two things prevented her from doing so. One,nher siblings would hear her crying and would freak out because shennever cries, two, whenever she closed her eyes she saw her father'snswollen face. It was a horrible episode just closing her eyes. 'Christmas shouldn't be likenthis,' Rita thought. 'Christmas is a time of cheer and familynbonding, not emotional turmoil. Sure, the suicide rates go off thencharts around Christmas, but still! The Malone family is a close knitnone. This is not happening!' Rita gave in. The emotional conflictnwithin her was too much. She buried her face in the sponge andnsobbed. No matter how hard she tried to console herself, she couldn'tnstop the tears from flowing or her shoulders from heaving. She feltnthe boat side up to a dock and assumed they were home. She stillndidn't stop crying. She couldn't help it. She heard the hatchnopen and a shaft of light shone on her. Roddy's voice, rich and smooth,noverwhelmed her senses. \"Wake up Shockey. Liam, We're home,\" hensaid, addressing each one with a gentle tone. Rita heard hisnfootsteps nearing her and his voice was close now. \"We're home, Ri. Can you walknnow?\" he asked her gently and sympathetically. Rita sat up, hangingnher head, hoping he wouldn't see the tearstains running down hernface. She replied in a weak voice, \"I think so.\" \"Are you okay?\" Roddy asked,nbecoming concerned. He lifted Rita's chin to look her in the eyes.nHer eyes shimmered with tears and she had dark sags under her eyes.nShe looked absolutely broken-hearted. \"Oh, Rita! It's alright…\"nRoddy sympathized, pulling her into an embrace. Rita leaned into hisnshoulder and cried. Not as hard as before, however. She could crynharder than anyone else she knew. If she cried as hard as she could,nshe could probably drench Roddy's shirt and then some. Rita had never really had a shouldernto cry on. It felt good to be comforted. She eventually calmed down,nwiping her tears on her shirt sleeve. \"Alright. I'm okay. I'll benfine…\" Rita decided, making her way up to the deck. She felt anbit wobbly as she walked onto the cement. She felt the beginnings ofna migraine coming on. Her eyes watered and her head spun. It mustnhave been from crying so hard. Roddy watched Rita walk toward hernhouse. Was she really alright? It didn't seem so. Trauma was anhorrible thing. He of all people should know. His life changed in anmatter of minutes, maybe seconds. Being flushed, meeting someone asnbrave and amazing as Rita, fighting the toad, AND falling in lovenwith her was almost too much for his rat senses. But what he thoughtnwas a total nightmare turned into something he never saw coming. Hencouldn't believe he had wanted to go home for about a day. ThenKensington apartment might have been nice and all, with infinite foodnand luxuries such as a bed and everything, but nothing could comparento what it was like in the sewer. Roddy followed Rita to the Malonenhouse. As he walked inside he removed his coat and hung it on a pegnin the foyer. Rita had done the same but it had fallen. Roddy pickednit up and hung it back on the peg. He heard the bathroom door opennand the medicine cabinet door snap. \"Dangit!\" He heard Rita hiss. Henwalked to the door and saw Rita prying the medicine cabinet doornopen. \"What do you need, Ri?\" Roddynasked, making Rita jump. \"Oh, god, Roddy…migrainenprevention pills. At least two. It's starting to make me dizzynalready. And you scaring me didn't help, either.\" Roddy helped Rita pry the cabinetnopen, then went up to his room. It wasn't much, but it wasnsomething. He opened his top drawer, where he kept his hairbrush,nwatch, extra alarm clock, his jacket, etc. He reached into the pocketnof his jacket and pulled out a small box. He opened it to reveal anbeautiful diamond ring. It had a total of seven diamonds embeddedninto the sterling silver band, which represented true love. He wasngoing to ask Rita to dinner that night, but with her dad dying, itnwent off the calendar. Roddy had it all planned out. He would takenher to her favorite restaurant, 'Seven Stars', where he would getna table out on the balcony. It was supposed to be a bit breezy, sonwhen it blew a bit and she got the chills, he would remove his dinnernjacket and drape it over her shoulders. After dinner they would walk thengardens, where they would stop at the bridge crossing the brook.nThere they would stand at the railing. Then Roddy would turn to Ritanand tell her that he had come to love her dearly and that he couldnsee himself spending the rest of his life with her. If Ritancooperated, she would get confused and ask him what he meant. ThennRoddy would kneel down and present the ring. With success, her handsnwould fly to her mouth. Hopefully she would say yes and let him putnthe ring on her finger. Then she would bury her face in hisnchest(hopefully not getting any makeup on his white shirt)andnwhisper, \"I never thought this would happen to me!\" Then shenwould pull away and their lips would meet… Roddy shook his head. He couldn'tnlet his daydreams get the best of him. A knock on the door sent him flying.nHe almost dropped the box, but got a grip on it and hid it in hisnjacket pocket again and slammed the dresser drawer shut. \"Roddy?\" Can I talk to you ansecond?\" Rita called through the door. Roddy walked to the door andnopened it. Rita stood in the doorway. \"Can I come in?\" Roddy stepped aside to let her in.nThe two looked each other in the eyes, Rita's watering up. She fellninto his arms and kissed him. Something odd clicked in both of them,nand they progressed toward the bed, both falling over onto it. Ritanunbuttoned Roddy's shirt and then Rita's shirt was on thenfloor….. I know, odd ending for chapter 4. ButnI kinda based it on Lost, where it showed a flashback on Boone andnShannon's past….Shannon walks in, tells Boone that she knows he'snalways loved her, then they kiss and fall onto Boone's bed…yeah.nHope this satisfies your longing for another chapter![Chapter 5] Here's Chapter 5 Here's Chapter 5! I know I left you all hanging on a thread with the last chapter, but I had to! I said SLASH, after all! Rita woke up the next day in a room that wasn't hers. There was someone next to her whom she loved dearly. Roddy. The two had fallen into bed with each other the night before and now Rita was confused. She sat up, hugging the blanket to her chest. She shivered. Nothing covered her back. Roddy woke up with the blanket being jerked from under his arm. \"Good morning. Sleep well?\" Rita lay back down and faced him. She kissed him tenderly. \"After we settled down at about midnight, I did.\" Rita smirked seductively. She kissed him again. \"Did we ever settle down?\" Roddy became serious. \"You know your mom's gonna kick me out if she finds out about this. I mean, I don't think you're what they consider a 'virgin' anymore.\" Rita's face fell. \"I'm not?\" she flopped over and stared at the ceiling. \"I'm not,\" she whispered guiltily. \"But I don't think your parents-- I mean, mum is gonna find out. I mean, she'd have to dig pretty dang deep to find out.\" Rita agreed. \"I guess you're right.\" Suddenly her eyes became wide. \"Roddy?\" \"Yeah? \"We weren't on protection.\" Roddy nodded. \"We weren't on protection.\" He was totally oblivious to what she was implying. Suddenly he understood. \"Oh. We weren't on protection!\" Both shuddered with horror. Rita would have to sneak to the drugstore and buy a package oof 'morning-after' pills. Otherwise she might find herself pregnant. That was the LAST thing she needed. Roddy got up and got dressed. Roddy got up and got dressed. \"Rita, I am SO sorry! I don't know what got into us, but I promise you, it won't happen again, I swear to you!\" Rita began dressing, her back to Roddy. \"I am too, Rodders! I knew something like this would happen to me. It happens to every couple I've met!\" They finished dressing at exactly the same moment and ran to the end of the bed and embraced each other. \"It won't happen ever again,\" they promised one another. \"Now come on, Rita. You need to go to the grugstore within the next 72 hours for the pill to work. Now go!\" Roddy urged Rita. Rita nodded and snuck into the hallway and out the front door. EEEEE! What happens? I was thoughtfulo enough to provide a quick answer to chapter 4, so be grateful!! -provides plate of cookies-[Chapter 6] Here's Chapter 5 YO!! Am I getting younwith suspense yet if I haven't already? I found a window to type sonI thought I'd bring you out of the dark with the two previousnchapters. Chapter 6 should be interesting. Rita had beennsuccessful in making it to the Dodger undetected. As she drove to thenmedical plaza about half a human mile away (which is about 2 1/2 fromnthe rat's perspective), she thought about what Roddy had said. Hisnwords buzzed around in her head like a swarm of angry bees. 'Your mum's gonnankick me out if she finds out about this.' Rita couldn't standnthe thought alone of Roddy not being in her life. Her previous yearsnhad been such a waste. But now her future years might be a waste, nownthat she was so full of guilt. \"I can't keep thisnsecret from Mum forever,\" she mumbled. Her mum would kill her ifnshe found her eldest daughter out. Rita thought back tonthe night before and grimaced. Why had that happened? Why her? Whynthen? Questions clouded everything. Rita managed to make itnto the drugstore. She walked in, the smell of coffee, candy, andnmusty old comic books pelting her as she walked forward. She walkednto the medical aisles and looked for the pills. She saw what theynshould have been using in boxes on the other side of the aisle. Shenfelt so guilty. She scanned the shelves for the pill. She found itnand stood in awe at the price. For a small bottle it was like, 10ndollars and then some. Rita hesitated, then thought about what wouldnhappen if she didn't buy them. Rita stopped hesitating and grabbednthem, then walked to the counter. She still didn't feel securenbuying them. Rita hid them in herncoat pocket until she got home. It didn't have a zipper, so she wasnabsolutely terrified that they were going to fall out while she wasngoing upstairs. Rita parked and tiednthe Dodger to the dock, quivering uncontrollably. She continued tonquiver all the way across the Little Soho plaza. She walked in andndarted upstairs. She jumped when Herriet called her. \"Rita? Where have younbeen?\" \"Last minutenshopping, Mum!\" Rita replied hastily, still continuing up thenstairs. \"Wait a second,nMarita Kaylynn! Get back here!\" \"Just a second! I'mngonna go to the bathroom!\" \"Make it quick!\" \"Okay!\" Rita rushed into hernroom and into her bathroom, slamming the door behind her. Her heartnalmost pounded through her chest, it was beating so hard. Rita readnthe bottle and saw that it said to take only one. She took two. She gulped them downnwithout water and gagged. 'Okay. Take these with water next time.nWAIT. There won't be a 'next time.'' Relief flooded hernsenses. No more worry. She walked out of the bathroom and tossed thenpills into her room, then decided to hide them in her drawer. \"Okay. Coming, Mum!\"nshe called. \"Rita, what was thenmatter? Are you okay?\" \"Yeah. I'm fine. Inwas about to throw up, was all.\" She hoped her mum couldn't seenit in her face the whopper she was telling. \"Did you eatnsomething bad?\" 'AAAAAAAUGH! ENOUGHnWITH THE FREAKING 20 QUESTIONS, MUM!!' Rita mentally screamed.n\"I guess. Well, last night I had a headache from crying over Dad.\" The thought of Dadncaused her to break down--again. 'Since when did myntear ducts become active?!' Rita seethed. 'Why can't I be likenother tomboys and never cry?!' \"Oh, Rita! Think ofnit this way. Dad's in better hands now.\" 'MUM. BACK. AWAY.'nRita thought. \"He's probablynlooking down on our lives, watching everything play out, good ornbad…and smiling. No pain.\" Rita felt like someonenhad shot her. '… looking downnon our lives, watching everything play out, good or bad…' Oh god. Then if thatnwas true, he knew what she had done. If Father Christmas was real,nshe wouldn't be getting a single, solitary thing for Christmas.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 : The UnwantednGift Given BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP.nBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP. BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP. The alarm clock wouldn'tnshut up! So...once again Ritanslammed a fist onto the snooze bar. Five minutes later, shenrepeated as was neccesary. And again. And again. And again, for hours.nUntil Roddy was sent by Rita's mother to wake her. \"Rita?\" henwhispered, remembering to keep his nose a safe distance away from hernmemorably dangerous hands. \"C'mon, wake up. It's almost one.\" Rita sat up, yawned, andnrubbed her eyes. After she gained actual consciousness, her eyesnwidened. \"Please say it hasn't happened again.\" Roddy shook his head. \"No,nit didn't. You're in your own bed, as I was in my own.\" Rita rested her head innher hands. \"Thank god.\" She sighed, obviously relieved. Suddenly her head jerkednback up. \"Did you say it's almost one?\" she asked, throwingnback the sheets and heading for her closet. \"Yeah. Your mumnwanted to go and decide how your father's funeral is going to bendone. Flowers, casket, services, pallbearers, et cetera.\" Rita grabbed her greennshirt and a pair of blue jeans and went into her bathroom to change.n\"That's the last thing I want to do, the fact being that it'snalmost Christmas Day.\" \"I know, I know, andnit's the last thing I think you need to do, the fact being thatnyou've been through so much in the last 72 hours.\" \"Like what?\" \"The beginning ofnyour guilt trip, your father's death, your mother's...well, younknow, being too occupied to talk to you anymore, that sort of stuff.\" \"Uh, guilt trip?\" Roddy hung his head innembarrassment. \"Yeah. You know, a few nights ago? That thing,ntwo nights ago? Yeah?\" Rita felt her chestnshrinking with the guilt emitting from the thought of it. \"Yeah.nI remember. All too well, I'm afraid.\" Roddy nodded. Rita camenout fully dressed and sat down to put her boots on. \"What if mumnfinds out?\" \"there's no telling.nWe can't fight the consequences if she discovers it. We're probablynnot getting anything but a lump of coal from Father Christmas thisnyear. If that at all.\" A single tear fell fromnRita's eye and onto her jeans. \"Oh, come on, Rita,\"nRoddy said, standing up and sitting on the bed next to her. \"Therenalso is a chance that our secret will stay hidden. Everyone could dienwithout knowing. \"But Dad knowsnabout it,\" She thought. \"Incan't live with what I know he's ashamed of me for.\" Christmas came and went asnit does every year, but what happened A few weeks afterward wasn't angift Rita wanted to recieve. Dun dun dun Dun...","LastChapter":"Chapter 7 : The UnwantednGift Given BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP.nBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP. BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP. The alarm clock wouldn'tnshut up! So...once again Ritanslammed a fist onto the snooze bar. Five minutes later, shenrepeated as was neccesary. And again. And again. And again, for hours.nUntil Roddy was sent by Rita's mother to wake her. \"Rita?\" henwhispered, remembering to keep his nose a safe distance away from hernmemorably dangerous hands. \"C'mon, wake up. It's almost one.\" Rita sat up, yawned, andnrubbed her eyes. After she gained actual consciousness, her eyesnwidened. \"Please say it hasn't happened again.\" Roddy shook his head. \"No,nit didn't. You're in your own bed, as I was in my own.\" Rita rested her head innher hands. \"Thank god.\" She sighed, obviously relieved. Suddenly her head jerkednback up. \"Did you say it's almost one?\" she asked, throwingnback the sheets and heading for her closet. \"Yeah. Your mumnwanted to go and decide how your father's funeral is going to bendone. Flowers, casket, services, pallbearers, et cetera.\" Rita grabbed her greennshirt and a pair of blue jeans and went into her bathroom to change.n\"That's the last thing I want to do, the fact being that it'snalmost Christmas Day.\" \"I know, I know, andnit's the last thing I think you need to do, the fact being thatnyou've been through so much in the last 72 hours.\" \"Like what?\" \"The beginning ofnyour guilt trip, your father's death, your mother's...well, younknow, being too occupied to talk to you anymore, that sort of stuff.\" \"Uh, guilt trip?\" Roddy hung his head innembarrassment. \"Yeah. You know, a few nights ago? That thing,ntwo nights ago? Yeah?\" Rita felt her chestnshrinking with the guilt emitting from the thought of it. \"Yeah.nI remember. All too well, I'm afraid.\" Roddy nodded. Rita camenout fully dressed and sat down to put her boots on. \"What if mumnfinds out?\" \"there's no telling.nWe can't fight the consequences if she discovers it. We're probablynnot getting anything but a lump of coal from Father Christmas thisnyear. If that at all.\" A single tear fell fromnRita's eye and onto her jeans. \"Oh, come on, Rita,\"nRoddy said, standing up and sitting on the bed next to her. \"Therenalso is a chance that our secret will stay hidden. Everyone could dienwithout knowing. \"But Dad knowsnabout it,\" She thought. \"Incan't live with what I know he's ashamed of me for.\" Christmas came and went asnit does every year, but what happened A few weeks afterward wasn't angift Rita wanted to recieve. Dun dun dun Dun...","Summary":" A pampered rat met a beautiful sewer rat one fateful day…. \" Inhave got, to get home….\" She took ","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Romance Family - Chapters: 7   - Words: 5,574 - Reviews: 32 - Favs: 11 - Follows: 9 - Updated: 9 19 2008 - Published: 10 9 2007 - id: 3828207 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Old vs New","Author":"natii-4-life","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3614770","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Rita kicked thendoor open to her new room. Her hands were full with a giant boxnfilled with her stuff. Mr. and Mrs. Malone finally had enough moneynto get a big new house...thanks to Roddy. Rita dropped the box in ancorner and took a deep breathe. She stood in the doorway, taking thenfirst room she could ever call her own. It was decently sized, goodnenough for Rita...considering the fact she'd be out with Roddy on thenJammy Dodger II most of the time. The walls were plain white, nothingnon them. Barren walls meant a fresh start on her organizing skills.nRoddy walked in behind her. His room was across the hall. Since Roddynhad chosen to stay down in the sewer with Rita and he had nowhere tonstay, the Malone's naturally took him in. Rita turned to look at him.nHe smiled back at her with that charming grin of his. \"So..whatndo you think of this new house?\" Roddy asked. Rita smilednat him and answered, \"I love it! It's so big!...Thank you,nRoddy.\" Roddy scoffed and looked down at his handsnsheepishly with his shining copper-brown eyes. \"It wasnnothing. I would've never made it back to my home without you!\"nRoddy said, still looking down at his hands. Rita surprisednhim with a tight hug. Roddy smiled inwardly and returned the embrace.nRita could feel Roddy's heart pounding. She smirked at this. Roddy'snheart was indeed pounding...when she touched him..even the slightestnbrush...his heart sped up immensley. He had yet to figure out why,nbut he thought he was close. But when she shocked him with a kiss onnthe cheek just before she walked out of the room, his heart stoppedncompletely. Roddy placed a hand where Rita's lips had just been. Angoofy grin spread across his face. He followed her out of the room,nback downstairs to help with the rest of the boxes. That nightnat dinner, everyone was happy and gleeful. Roddy and Rita, however,nate dinner in the sanctuary of Roddy's room. Roddy already hadneverything orangized and had promised Rita help the next day. \"So..\"nRoddy said, \"Have you ever had a boyfriend?\" Rita'sneyes widened instantly. She spit her soup back into the bowl andnlooked up at him in surprise, giggling. \"What kind ofnquestion is that?!\" Rita laughed. \"Well...I was justnwondering if a pretty girl like you had ever had a boyfriend?\"nRoddy chuckled at his own question. \"Well..if you MUSTnknow,\" Rita started, \"I've had my share of bo's. I had mynfirst one when I was about 9 or 10. I'd never really found interestnin boys till that age. Before, it'd always been about beating them atnthings..not dating them. His name was Hal. He was a realnsweet-talker. Left every girl in my class breathless. But I hadn'tnlet him get to me that easily. Naturally, he wanted me since I didn'tnwant him. He tried every line in the book..made me laugh whenever hendid. He had these bright blue eyes that showed me he really meant itnthough. So I finally gave him a chance. After him, I never lostninterest in boys.\" \"What happened to him?\"nRoddy pried. \"He met a prettier girl that played hader tonget. She was so pretty. She had big brown eyes, long, curly brownnhair, and the body of a model. I couldn't compete with that with myngreen eyes, and my short red hair. But I eventually got overnhim...\" \"Are you...still lookin' for a newnboyfriend?\" Roddy asked, hesitantly. \"Sure,\"nRita said, grinning up at Roddy, \"I like the goofy, clumbsy,nposh, brown-eyed, brown-haired, tall, lean kind. You happen to knownanyone of that description?\" Roddy glared playfully downnat her and side-smiled. \"So how 'bout you? You had anyngirlfriends?\" Rita laughed. \"You make it sound likenthat's impossible..\" Roddy snapped, grinning. Ritanshrugged. \"Well if you MUST know..\" Roddy mocked,n\"I've...never had one before.\" Rita startednlaughing, but when she saw the look on Roddy's face, she stopped. \"Inwas never a real lady's man when I was younger. I mean..beforenTabitha took me in. I lived in a little town in a park near Cornwall.nI was always the goofy, clumbsy one. The outcast, kind of. And whatnreally stunk was that I was living on my own. I lived 'on thenstreets' if you will. More or less like an orphan. But this onenfamily paid for me to go to school. I didn't live with them..theynjust paid my tuition to one of the best schools around there. Thatnfamily had a daughter my age..she was terribly pretty. Big sea-greenneyes, bright blonde hair, fair skin, and the cutest freckles I'd evernseen. But she always went for the richer boys. The cuter boys. Thenmore coordinated boys. I'd neer been let down so much in my life.nEver since then, I've never been really comfortable around girls..\"nRoddy told, looking down into his soup. Rita felt a pang ofnguilt. She'd been making fun of him for being goofy sometimes, andnthat was his one downfall in love. Rita put a hand on his shouldernand tilted his head up to look at her. He stared right into thosenpiercing emerald green eyes. He held his breath. \"You arena charming, resourcful, brave, handsome, coordinated gentleman andnany girl would be lucky to have you,\" Rita assured him, \"Nevernforget that.\" Roddy smiled. He couldn't say a word. Henwas still in paralyzed from the fact that he was so close to Rita.nRita couldn't speak either. Her breaths were deep, but short. Theynwere inching forward, but neither noticed. Just as they were onlyncentimeters away from their lips meeting, Rita's grandma burst intonthe room. \"Tom! Sing us a song downstairs, Mr. Jones!\"nGranda Malone cried, oblivious to what she had just interrupted. Roddy cleared his throat and backed off. Rita did thensame. \"Ahem..we'd better give them what they want..\"nRoddy said nervously. Grandma Malone grabbed Roddy's hand andnpulled him downstairs. Roddy grabbed Rita's hand and the duo wasndragged downstairs to the table. After a little show, courtesy ofnRoddy St. James, they all sat down for an announcement. \"Asnyou know,\" Mr. Malone announced from his wheelchair, \"Roddynhas kindly given us our new wealth..\" The Malone familynapplaued him. Roddy blushed and smiled. \"So now we havenenough money to do something we'd been wanting to do, but couldn'tnafford...\" Mr. Malone continued, \"...you're all going tonschool!\" Everyone cheered but Rita. Rita's face wasndrained of it's color. Roddy cheered until he noticed Rita'snexpression. \"What's wrong?\" Roddy asked in Rita'snear. No one could hear Roddy but Rita above all thennoise. \"Uhhh...I won't get to be on the Jammy Dodger IInas much as I want, anymore..that's all..\" Rita lied. Roddynknew she was lying. She was scared...and he knew she wouldn't easilynadmit it to him.[Chapter 2] A month later,nRoddy pulled on his new pants. They were a comfortable demin andnUnion Jack's on the pockets. Rita put them there. She called it, \"herntouch of style\". Roddy liked it...he kinda had a piece of Ritanwherever he went now. Even if they were on his pants. He walked intonthe hall, shirtless, across to Rita's room to see if she was up yet.nRoddy knocked on the door. \"What?\" Rita snapped,nsounding frantic. \"It's Roddy! Can I come in?\" hencalled through the door. \"Sure,\" Rita answered. Shenunlocked the door and he walked inside. As he walked in he pulled hisnnew loose soft-light brown polo over his head. He ruffled his hair tonmake it look cooler and posed grinning in her mirror. Rita laughednand pulled him over to the closet. \"Help me pick what tonwear!\" Rita insisted, \"I need a guy's opinion.\" \"Inthink you look good in anything..\" Roddy commented,nsmiling. \"Seriously, Roddy..\" Rita said sternly,nputting her hands on her hips and shifting her weight from one leg tonthe other, \"I need to look perfect..\" \"But younalready do!\" Roddy chuckled. He was being serious, butnRita didn't believe it. She pulled out a tight, soft light greennt-shirt and a short dark blue jean mini skirt. Roddy titled his headnfor inspection. He shook his head. \"You'd look good innit..but it's not really YOU,\" Roddy critiqued. She threwnthe outfit to the floor beside her and searched for another one. Shenfinally just pulled on a tight white and navy blue polo that showed ansmall bit of her stomach, with a Union Jack on the breast pocket,nwith a pair of light blue tight jeans that flared at the bottom. Shentied her beer bottle cap combat boots and looked herself over in thenmirror. Roddy smiled as she tied on a thick white belt around hernpants. Rita smiled at her reflection. Roddy came up behind her andnpulled off the rubber band that was holding her firey red hair back.nShe looked at him with a look saying \"what are you doing?\"nthrough the mirror. Roddy held up a finger for her to wait a minute.nHe grabbed her brush and gently ran it through her hair. Ritanblushed. Roddy was still grinning. When he was done, her hair wasnsmooth and shining. He placed some in front of her shoulders andnstepped back to admire his work. Rita nodded. \"How didnyou do that?\" Rita asked, shocked at his salon-likenskills. \"Well I used to watch Tabitha do her hair everynmorning, so I caught on,\" Roddy explained. Rita lookednback in the mirror, still not believing the girl she was seeing wasnher. \"Aren't you going to put on any make-up?\" Roddynasked. Rita shot Roddy a look. Roddy put his hands up in fakensurrender. \"Not that you need any...\" Roddy saidnquickly and nervously, \"I just think a little mascara wouldnbring out your eyes..that's all..\" Rita let out a \"hmph\"nand looked back in the mirror. She put on a little mascara and turnednback to Roddy. \"Satisfied?\" Rita smirked. Roddyngrinned dreamily at her. She looked stunning. He couldn't talk. Herneyes wouldn't let him. The way they stood out left him speechless.nRita giggled and pushed him out of her room. He went back into hisnroom and grabbed his brand new white sneakers. Roddy walkedndownstairs to find Mr. and Mrs. Malone trying to calm everyone down.nThey weren't very successful. Roddy helped out until the bus came tontake the first 20 or so kids. Then the rest other than Roddy and Ritanleft. The pair had another 30 minutes till school started for them.nThey were going to walk. They grabbed their backpacks andnbooks. \"Have fun at school,\" Mrs. Malone callednafter them. \"We will,\" Roddy called back over hisnshoulder, waving back. Rita was quiet. Roddy sensed she wasntense. He put his arm around her shoulder. \"Would younlike a song to calm your nerves? 'Cause I have no problem singing fornyou..\" Roddy grinned. Rita shook her head. \"Hmmm..\"nRoddy thought of what he could do to cheer her up. Ritansighed. \"Do you know why I'm so tense Roddy?\" Ritanasked. Roddy shook his head. \"I'm going back tonthe same school as I did last time. That's where Hal is. And thatnblonde girl. Her name's Fiona. I'm gonna have to face them again..\"nRita groaned. \"Well I'll be right beside you,\" Roddynsmiled, \"And I don't kno about any of your other friends..butnI'll never leave you.\" He said the last part softly,nshowing he meant it. Rita smiled up at him. \"Thanks,nRoddy,\" Rita sighed, relieved, \"But what if..\" \"Thinknon the positive side!\" Roddy cut her off, \"You'll get backnto a calmer life, a more relaxing life!\" \"But I metnyou in the more exciting life!\" Rita protested, \"You thinknI'm gonna leave that life if I got something so great out of my newnlife?\" \"But you won't completely leave you'renadventures,\" Roddy insisted, \"I'll tell you what. Thisnweekend, me and you will take a nice, long, exciting ride on thenJammy Dodger II...ok? But you have to help me through today because Inknow, absolutely NOBODY.\" Rita giggled as they walkednthrough the school doors. They walked into the cafeteria fornorientation. The team searched around for a space in the bleachers,nbut failed. So they decided to stand. Two minutes into thenorientation, Rita felt a tap on her shoulder. \"Hello RitanMalone,\" said a deep, slick, dreamy voice. Rita turnednaround and stifled a gasp.[Chapter 3] It was HalnGrenner. Rita's heart skipped a few beats. She thought she was goingnto faint, but she kept her cool. She didn't want Hal to think shenwasn't the same tough, strong-willed Rita she had been back when shenfirst met him. Roddy turned around and saw the boy. \"Hi,nHal Grenner..\" Rita greeted hesitantly. \"This isnHal?\" Roddy asked, turning around. \"Yeah, this isnHal,\" Hal said, looking at Roddy as if he had insulted him, \"Andnwho are you?\" Hal was more charming than Roddy hadnanticipated. He was tall, with a strong build and muscles like rocksnby the looks of it. He had stunning light blue eyes and shining,nflowing black hair that was a little longer than Roddy's. He hadnstraight white teeth that shone when he grinned...even though henwasn't. Roddy straightened up, smoothed his shirt down and clearednhis throat, ready for competition. \"I happen to be RoddynSt. James of Kesington...and Rita's best friend and first mate,\" Roddy bragged, putting his arm around Rita's shoulders. Ritannodded, still looking dumb-struck. Roddy looked down at her. He sawnshe was falling for this \"Hall Grenner\" fellow again. Fornsome reason, Roddy had the strange urge to change that. Hal glared atnRoddy. but when he looked at Rita, he winked and grinned charmingly.nHe slightly tipped Rita's chin up with his finger and walked off tonthe bleachers. Rita looked like she was in a dream-like state,nwalking Hal walk away. A surge of jealousy shot through Roddy'snbody. \"What's so great about him?\" Roddy scoffed,n\"He seems like a real-\" \"Dreamy guy..right?\"nRita interrupted, still in her daze. Roddy waved a hand innfront her face. She didn't move a muscle. Roddy thought about this.nAn idea came to him that he knew would get her back tonEarth. \"Rita...I have a confession to make..\" Roddynsaid softly and smoothly, \"I seem to have fallen madly in lovenwith you Rita Malone..\" Rita snapped out of it and lookednup at Roddy in bewilderment. \"What?!\" Ritancried. Roddy broke out laughing. He slapped his knee innemphasis to show how amused he was. \"You totally fell fornit!\" Roddy cracked up. Rita smirked smugly, crossed hernarms, raised an eyebrow and cocked her hip. Roddy slowly stoppednlaughing and looked at her. Roddy cleared his throat. \"Inwas kidding about that, Rita,\" Roddy insisted,n\"Seriously..\" \"Mmhm..sure..\" Rita sighed,nthe smug look still on her face. She walked pastnRoddy. \"Seriously! I was!\" Roddy said. Ritannodded sarcastically as she walked out of the cafeteria. Roddy rannafter her. \"Rita! I'm telling the truth!\" Roddyncalled after her. Just as he ran out the door, a strong handngrabbed his forearm and spun him back around. He came face to facenwith Hal. He winced in fear. \"Relax, St. James,\" Halnsneered, \"I'm not gonna hurt you. All I'm gonna do is give you anwarning. Rita Malone is mine . Not your's. Got it?\" Thisnenraged Roddy. Roddy pried Hal's hands off of his shirt and smoothednit out. Then he poked Hal in the chest as hard as he could. \"Listen,nyou,\" Roddy snapped, \"Rita Malone is not someone who isnowned. She is a woman and you should respect her as a woman..not a TROPHY. \" \"I'll bet you $50nshe'll goes to the Welcome Back Dance with me,\" Hal bet. \"Makenit $100 and you've got yourself a bet that she'll go to the dancenwith me, \" Roddy negotiated. \"Let's make itninteresting..\" Hal grinned evilly, \"Loser has to donwinner's homework for the first semester. Deal?\" \"Deal,\"nRoddy spit on his hand and held it out. Hal did the same andnthey shook hands on it. \"I hope you know this..NO girlncan resist me,\" Hal sneered. He walked away chuckling tonhimself. Roddy suddenly came into realization that he was treatingnRita like a trophy! If Rita found out she'd kill him, bring him backnto life and kill him again! And then never talk to him again! Whatnam I doing?! I can't bet on Rita! And how am I gonna win against Mr.nTall, Dark and Handsome?! Oh god, Roddy old chap..you've got yourselfna sticky situation![Chapter 4] As Roddy and Rita werenwalking home, loaded up on homework and studying, Rita turned tonRoddy. \"I'm sorry Hal wasnsuch a jerk to you today, Roddy,\" Rita apologized, \"Inthought he'd be sweeter.\" \"So did I,\"nRoddy muttered, rubbing the back of his neck. Hal had put him into anheadlock and given him world's most painful noogie. When Hall didnthat, his jean jacket had given Roddy's neck a burn. Roddy thoughtnhe'd be feeling that for the rest of the school year. \"You have to come tonme sooner when someone treats you like that,\" Rita scoldednsoftly. Roddy felt like a childnbeing bullied in pre-school. And Rita was talking to him as if henwere her son coming to her after a rough first day with thenmeanie-toddlers in his class. Roddy sighed. This was going to be anlong year for him, he could tell. Then he asked Rita a question. \"Did you know there'sna dance coming up next week?\" Roddy asked, grinning. He was putting his planninto action. Now he felt like a spy. I like spy better thanntoddler. Roddy thought to himself, smirking. \"Yeah,\" Ritananswered. The dream-like look came across Rita's face again. \"Inwant Hal to ask me.\" \"Well..\" Roddynpried, \"There's a lot of nicer, smarter, better looking boys atnour school than Hal, aren't there?\" \"No,\" Ritansighed, \"Not really..\" \"Not even one?\"nRoddy insisted. \"Nope,\" Ritananswered without even thinking twice. \"You're sure?\"nRoddy continued. \"Mmhm..\" Ritannodded, crossing her arms. \"Really?\" Roddynasked. \"Roddy! I toldnyou..no there aren't any boys nicer, smarter, or better-looking guysnthan Hal Grenner! What are you getting at with all this nonsensenanyways?\" \"Nothing...\"nRoddy shook his head and looked off into the distance innocently. Silence over took them forna moment. \"Really?\" Roddynrepeated. \"Roddy! What's goingnon?\" Rita demanded, \"Tell me now. Why are you so interestednin my love life so suddenly?\" \"No reason,\"nRoddy said. \"You're lying.\" \"Am not!\" \"Are so!\" \"Am not!\" \"Are so!\" \"Look..we could go onnwith argument and make everything awkward at the house..or we couldnchange the subject!\" Roddy snapped, slightly smirking. Rita rolled her eyes. \"If you're not goingnto tell me what you're up to, than I'm not going to tell you anythingnanymore. In fact..I'm not even going to talk to you until you tellnme!\" Rita walked ahead of him. \"What!?\" Roddyncried, stopping in his tracks, \"But you can't!! Then that ruinsnmy..\" Rita turned around,nknowing that if he went on, she would find out what he was up to. \"Your what?\"nRita asked. \"My..my..\" Roddynthought desperately of a cover that would soften her up. An excuse that not onlynwould save his neck, but get her feeling sorry for him. Maybe if shenpitied him, they'd be able to hang out more than the usual (if thatnwas possible) and then he could charm her and then he'd win Hal'snbet! \"Go on,\" Ritaninsisted, \"Your what?\" \"My..my..my..mynlife!\" Roddy said, changing his expression to massive depressionnand saddness. \"What?\" Ritansaid, \"What are you talking about?\" \"I can't live withoutntalking to you!\" Roddy cried, putting on his best sob-story shownever, \"You're amazing and the best friend I've ever had and Incouldn't go on with my pathetic life if I knew that you weren'tntalking to me because of something stupid I caused! I just..just..ohnI can't bare to think of what I might to do myself!\" Roddy looked away and putnhis hand over his eyes, as if looking away from a horrible image.nRita rolled her eyes and scoffed. \"Whatever, Roddy..\"nRita sighed, smiling at Roddy's act and looked to the puddle next tonher foot, \"I'll let it slip..I mean..It's not like you betnagainst Hal on who I would go to the Welcome Back dance and I'm somenkind of trophy to you two...\" Roddy's jaw dropped at thenaccuracy of that guess..but a squeak of shock came out. Why did shenhave to be so smart?! Rita turned back to him, hearing his littlensqueak. \"You didn't...didnyou?\" Rita asked. \"Of course not! Whatnkind of guy do you think I am?!\" Roddy cried, \"I'm utterlyninsulted that you'd accuse me of such an act!\" \"I'm sorry, Roddy..\"nRita grinned, \"I should know better than to think you'd donsomething like that..You're such a great friend to me. You'd never donsomething like that to me. That's why you're my absolute bestest bestnfriend!\" Roddy groaned as shenwalked away from him. He hated guilt trips..especially when theynweren't given to him on purpose. This was gonna be harder to gonthrough than he thought. He followed her to the house and lockednhimself in his room. He threw his backpack in a corner, kicked offnhis shoes and threw himself onto his bed.[Chapter 5] Roddy woke up from hisndeep sleep to squealing, fast footsteps, yelling, and Rita shakingnhim awake. \"Roddy! Wake up!\"nRita yelled in his ear over all the noise, \"It's time fornschool!\" Roddy groaned and pullednthe covers over his head. \"Five more minutes!\"nRoddy whined. \"Don't be a baby! Getnon up, Roddy!\" Rita laughed. Roddy reluctantly sat upnand rubbed his eyes. His hair was a total mess and he could barelynopen his eyes. And yet Rita was already perky, dressed, and her eyesnwere wide open and alert. \"What's the rush?\"nRoddy asked groggily, getting out of bed. \"We have to catch thenbus today! Hal takes the bus in the mornings!\" Rita explained,n\"And I want to take the bus today!\" \"So he can bully menagain?\" Roddy snapped, cranky. \"Just sit away fromnus,\" Rita suggested, \"You can make new friends!\" Roddy shot Rita a look.nRita sitting with Hal was bad news for his hopes of winning the bet.nThat...and he just didn't like the thought of Rita sitting withnanother guy besides him. Then, Roddy got an idea. Time for another show,nRoddy, old boy! Roddy grinned to himself. He put on his mostncharming smile, and made sure to walk over to her smoothly. \"But you're the only one I want to sit with..\" Roddy said slickly. \"That's sweet..but Incan't really take you seriously in your boxers, Rodd,\" Ritanchuckled. Roddy looked down andnrealized he was in his boxers! Roddy yelped and grabbed his robe fromnbehind his door quickly. He tied it and smiled nervously at Rita.nRita laughed and rolled her eyes as she walked out of the room. Roddyngrunted in frustration and slapped himself on the forehead for hisnstupidity. \"Smooth..\" Roddynscolded himself quietly, \"Just smooth..\" He got dressed in a whitenoxford with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows and a pair of lightnblue jeans. On his feet were the same white sneakers as yesterday. Hencombed his chesnut brown hair and grinned in the mirror. As he walkednout of the room, he ran into Shockey. \"Good morning,nShockey!\" Roddy greeted. \"Good morning,nRoddy!\" Shockey replied over his shoulder as he scurried away. Roddy smiled. He lovednseeing the little kids run around. He saw them as little elves ornsomething like that. It made him laugh. He found himself wonderingnwhat it would feel like if those little pattering footsteps belongednto his own children. He started day-dreaming on the way down thenstairs. He visualized himself coming home, opening the door andnyelling into the house. Roddy's Daydream \"Good eveningnfamily!\" Roddy called. \"Daddy!\" ancrowd of little kids immediately attacked him with hugs and kisses . \"Where's yournmother, kids,\" Roddy asked. \"In the kitchen!\"na familiar voice called from the kitchen. Roddy knew that voicenanywhere. Out of the kitchen walked Rita Malone. Roddy's jaw dropped.nRita gave him a strange look. \"Roddy?\" Ritancalled, \"Rooddyyy??\" End Roddy's Daydream Roddy gasped as he snappednout of the trance to find Rita looking at him funny. \"Roddy?\" Ritanrepeated, \"Are you ok?\" Roddy shook his head clearnof those thoughts and answered her. \"Yeah I'm fine..\"nRoddy lied, \"Let's go.\" \"You think you couldnget off my foot, first..\" Rita suggested, wincing in a littlenpain. Roddy then realized he hadnstepped off the last step of the stairs onto Rita's boot. \"Oh! I'm so sorry!\"nRoddy gasped, \"Are you alright?!\" \"I'm fine,\" Ritansaid, \"Let's grab a crumb of bread and we'll catch the bus, ok?\" Roddy nodded. He glancednover Rita quickly. She was wearing a pair of tight camouflage cargonpants and a red and blue striped polo. Her hair was French-braidednand it lay gently over her shoulder. She had a tinch of mascara on,nlike she did the day before. Just as Rita was walking away, Roddynjumped at an oppurtunity to ask Rita out to dinner. \"Rita?\" Roddyncalled. Rita turned around andnraised her eyebrows in response. \"Do younthink..maybe..you'd..want to..have..dinner..with me..tonight?\"nRoddy asked. He was mroe nervous thannhe thought he'd be. Wasn't this just a friend asking a friend tondinner? No, Roddy finally admitted to himself, This hadnGOT to be more than that. \"Sure, why not?\"nRita answered, \"Someplace fancy or just here at home?\" \"Fancy..\" Roddynreplied. \"It's a date!\"nRita smiled. She walked into thenkitchen, leaving Roddy standing at the foot of the stairs, smiling asnif he had done something he'd wanted to do all his life on Earth. Shenwas totally oblivious to the fact that Roddy had just admitted tonhimself..that Roddy St. James was indeed falling in love with RitanMalone.[Chapter 6] Roddy climbed onto the busnbehind Rita. He groaned. Here we go.. Roddy complained to himself, Now I have tonmake a new friend.. Rita quickly spotted Halnand rushed off. Roddy glared at Hal as Rita asked him if the seatnnext to him was taken. Hal sneered back at him. Then he turned up tonRita with a charming grin and patted the seat next to him. Shenquickly sat down. She beamed at Roddy excitedly. Roddy gave her anthumbs up, congradulating her on her accomplishment. He had to be anlittle happy for her. She was getting what she wanted..and if henreally did love her..best friend or lover..he would want to see hernhappy, right? No matter what. Roddy then realized he had to try. FornRita. Roddy spotted a lonely girl. She had big, round hazel eyes,ntannish-fair skin, and long lught brown pig-tail braids that lay overnher shoulders down to her ribs. She wasn't skinny, but she wasn't thenleast bit fat, either. She was dressed in a nevy blue tank top and annavy blue and white striped oxford shirt. The sleeves were rolled upnlike his. She had on a pair of white jean short shorts. On her feetnhere navy blue Vans flats. In her hair was a matching navy bluenheadband that bordered her thick combover bangs. She looked like answeet girl. He sat down next to her. \"Is this seat taken?\"nRoddy asked. \"No, not at all,\"nthe girl answered. Her voice was smooth andnclear. She smiled at him. Her teeth were like Hal's..perfect andnwhite. Roddy noticed she had a drawing pad on her lap and a pencil innher hand. \"I see you draw..\"nRoddy observed. \"Yeah,\" the girlnreplied, \"I love to draw. I've been drawing since I was like..2nor 3.\" \"Wow,\" Roddynlooked over the sketch, \"You're amazing!\" She had been drawing anpicture of the Ratropolis Town Square. It looked too real to be andrawing done by a high school student. \"Thank you,\" thengirl blushed, \"I'm Dawn Cabrera.\" \"I'm Roddy St.nJames,\" Roddy smiled, \"Cabrera? You're Cuban?\" \"Yes, I am,\"nDawn explained, \"I grew up in America..Florida to be morenspecific, but my family moved here last year.\" \"Yes, I noticed youndidn't have the English accent,\" Roddy nodded. \"I think I saw younaround school yesterday,\" Dawn said, \"You were hanging withnthe Malone girl..Rita is it?\" \"Yes,\" Roddynreplied, \"Her name is Rita. She's my best friend..but she'dnrather sit with Hal Grenner than me..I mean..how can I compete with that?\" Dawn saw the look onnRoddy's face. \"I knew you two werena little too friendly with each other,\" Dawn giggled, \"Whyndon't you tell her how you feel?\" \"Because it couldnwreck our friendship if I tell her..\" Roddy whined, \"ButnI've got this bet with Hal that Rita will go to the Welcome Backndance with me as dates ..sonI have to make her fall for me. When I see that she's falling for me,nthen I might tell her. But if she ever finds out about the bet, menand Hal are both dead meat.\" \"Oh,\" Dawnnsighed, \"I see. Well maybe I can help out? I'm good at gettingnpeople together.\" \"Would you?\"nRoddy smiled, \"That would be awesome! Is there anything I can donfor you?\" \"Well..maybe,\"nDawn thought, \"You don't have to if you don't want to..but younknow Damon Cook?\" \"I believe I havenmath class with him...why?\" Roddy grinned, catching on. \"Do you think youncould talk to him for me?\" Dawn asked, blushing. \"No problem,\"nRoddy held out his hand, \"Deal?\" \"Deal.\" The new friends shooknhands. Roddy and Dawn planned out their schemes for each other. Roddynwould make friends with Damon and Dawn would make friends with Rita.nEach would talk to the other's crush. Put out some good qualities,nfind out some inside information, things like that. Roddy was gladnRita wanted to sit with Hal that morning..because now not only didnRoddy make an amazing new friend..he had someone to help him. Dawn and Roddy spent lunchntogether, still getting to know each other. Rita came over and wasnabout to sit down with Roddy and Dawn, but Hal put his arm around hernshoulders and pushed her along with him over to his table with hisnlittle gang. Rita sent an apologizing look over her shoulder. Roddynacknowledged it with a \"it's ok\" smile. Rita smiled back. \"Thanks,\" Ritanmouthed. Roddy turned back to Dawnnwith a look of anger and jealousy. \"This isn't going tonbe easy..\" Roddy noted, \"With Hal hogging her up at school,nI'm not gonna have a lot of time to charm her.\" \"Don't you live withnher family?\" Dawn asked. \"Yeah,\" Roddynanswered, \"But she's always doing homework or studying. At leastnI get to have dinner out with her tonight.\" \"You didn't tell menyou were going on a date with her!\" Dawn gasped, smiling, \"Whatnare you going to wear? Where are you going?\" \"It's formal andnwe're going to CheznFromauge,\" Roddy answered, saying thenrestaurant name with a French accent. Dawn laughed. \"Well that'sngood..try charming her at dinner, ok?\" Dawn said, \"Saynsomething about the way she looks. Say something about her eyes.nAbout her smile. About her outfit. About her shoes..things like that.nMy brother once used the line 'You're eyes are two glittering pondsnof crystal clear blue water in the candle light' and he dated thatngirl for two years! Just instead of glittering ponds crystal clearnblue water..her eyes would be..two sparkling dew-covered pastures ornsomething like that.\" \"Wow..\" Roddyngaped, \"That's beautiful! You should right romance novels.\" \"I kind of do..\"nDawn said, \"I just don't like people really reading them becausenthey come from my heart and I relate to the feelings of the mainncharacter..\" \"Maybe one day Incould read on, though?\" Roddy asked. \"Maybe..\" Dawnnanswered \"But let's change the subject.\" \"Ok,\" Roddynagreed. Roddy looked over at Ritanand saw her looking back at him with her two rolling dew-coverednpastures. Roddy smiled and winked. Rita smiled back. Roddy had ansudden surge of confidence. Maybe tonight would go better than henthought.[Chapter 7] I think it's a little ridiculous to be in high school and be going on my FIRST date. Roddy thought as he said good-bye to Dawn as he walked off the bus. Rita walked up next to him and nudged him. \"I see you've made a new best friend,\" Rita smiled. \"Yeah,\" Roddy agreed, \"But you're my best friend. No one can replace you..\" \"I'm sorry I didn't get to talk to you that much today,\" Rita apologized. \"It's fine..\" Roddy scoffed, grinning, \"At least we'll get to have dinner tonight..just the two of us!\" \"Yeah!\" Rita smiled, \"And I'm bringing out something I haven't worn in sooo long it's not even funny. I told Mum I was going to dinner with you tonight and she's like 'I'll go fix up the dress!' She's like..all happy we're going to dinner. Maybe she wants me out of the house again.\" Rita laughed softly at her own joke. \"Well..if I were her,\" Roddy said, posing as if he were thinking \"I'd cherish you and think I had the best daughter in the entire history of The Universe.\" Rita blushed and pushed him playfully. \"You're such a kiss up,\" Rita laughed. \"No,\" Roddy explained, \"I mean it! I mean..you're smart, athletic, talented and by far one of the most beautiful girl I've ever seen!\" Rita rolled her eyes. They began talking about the test that Friday in history class. When they got into the house, Mrs. Malone immediately grabbed Rita and rushed her up to her room. Rita let her mother drag her, laughing. Roddy watched her, laughing as well. Soon enough, Roddy and Rita were getting ready for their dinner-date. Rita seemed so clueless to him. He liked feeling smarter than her...only he was much stupider. He made sure to look his best. He put on a tuxedo that was exactly like the one he had first come down to the sewers in. He combed his hair and slicked his eyebrows. He made sure he looked perfect . When he was done, he went across the hall to check on Rita. \"Rita?\" Roddy called into the door, \"You ready?\" \"No!\" Rita called back, \"Meet me downstairs!\" \"Ok!\" Roddy agreed. He rushed down the stairs a little too fast. He tripped over his own feet and crashed down the stairs. While he was getting up, he heard steps at the top of the stairs. \"Ready, Roddy!\" Rita called down the stairs. Roddy looked up. His jaw dropped. His heart stopped. His palms started to sweat. He couldn't speak. He couldn't breathe. Rita looked amazing. She was dressed in a beautiful dress. It was short, it stopped an inch or two above her knees. the top part of the dress was silky and shining and it looked like a corset, flaunting Rita's figure. The skirt came out like a wedding dress and was made of the same material as ballet tutu's. The entire dress was emerald green to match her eyes. Her hair was down and curly with her bangs straightened. She had on silver hoop earrings and a matching silver choker. Her eyes were complimented by matching green eyeshadow and black mascara. She had a little bit of blush. Roddy realized he was on the floor, still. He scrambled up quickly and smoothed out his jacket. \"Ready?\" Rita asked. \"I am if you are!\" Roddy smiled nervously. \"Let's go!\" Rita exclaimed, \"We're leaving!\" Suddenly, all of Rita's 37 siblings popped out of nowhere. Roddy screamed and fell back in shock. \"Good bye!\" they all shouted in unison. \"Good-bye everyone!\" Rita smiled back. \"Yes,\" Roddy breathed, \"Good night everyone.\" \"I'm surprised you haven't gotten used to that,\" Rita giggled. \"Well..\" Roddy sighed, \"It's a bit new to me to have 37 smiling faces pop out of absolutely NOWHERE and scream 'Good-bye Roddy!'\" They headed out to the Jammy Dodger II when Roddy realized something. \"We should walk,\" Roddy said. \"Why?\" Rita asked. \"Because if we take the Dodger the wind might ruin your hair,\" Roddy explained. \"Oh,\" Rita said, \"Well then..let's walk.\" Roddy nodded and extended his elbow. To his pleasure, Rita locked hers with his. They walked silently to the Chez Froumage. When they arrived, Roddy opened the door for her like a gentlemen. Rita nodded her head in thanks and walked inside. Roddy went up to the little podium where a teenager stood dressed in a tuxedo much like Roddy's. He had dark brown hair and blue-green eyes and he was a little taller than Roddy. He looked about their age...in fact..Roddy knew who he was. So did Rita \"Damon?\" Rita asked. The teenager looked up. It was indeed Damon. \"Rita!?\" Damon replied. \"Yeah!\" Rita smiled, \"I didn't know you still worked here!\" \"Yeah,\" Damon said, \"My dad owns the restaurant and I help out when I can, remember? Tonight I was free, so I stepped in.\" \"That's nice,\" Roddy added. \"Well then..\" Damon said, getting business-like, \"Table for two?\" \"Yes, please,\" Roddy said, grinning. Table for two with Rita. He liked that. Damon grabbed two menus and led them to a small table with a candle in the middle. The candle was already lit. Roddy pulled out the chair for Rita. Rita smiled as she sat down. Roddy tucked in the chair with Rita sitting in it and then rushed over to his own. He sat down. Damon handed each of them a menu and took out a pad and a pencil. \"What can I get you to drink?\" Damon asked politely. \"Water, please,\" Rita answered. \"Make that two waters,\" Roddy added. Damon nodded as he wrote it down on his pad. \"Coming right up!\" Damon smiled and left the pair alone to talk. \"So..\" Roddy said, rubbing the back of his neck, \"Like it here?\" \"I love it here,\" Rita smiled, \"I used to make friends with the chefs in the back alley. They'd give me food to go sometimes.\" \"Oh really?\" Roddy said. \"Yeah,\" Rita smiled at the memories, \"That's how I know Damon. He would always give me a bit of ice cream for desert behind the chefs' backs.\" Roddy nodded, ensuring he was listening. \"I actually dated him for a little whie,\" Rita added, \"But then we realized that it wouldn't work out..so we stayed good friends. Surprisingly it's never been awkward between us, though.\" \"Well..I don't suppose, since you know him so well,\" Roddy started, seeing a way to help Dawn, \"You wouldn't want to help me help out my new friend Dawn?\" \"Why?\" Rita questioned, \"What's in it for me?\" Roddy pretended to think hard and then said, \"Me and you will stay up all night laughing and play games tonight?\" Rita mocked Roddy and pretended to think. She nodded in agreement. \"Ok,\" Roddy started, \"Dawn likes Damon..and I promised her that I'd talk to him and make friends with him..\" \"In that order?\" Rita asked, smiling. \"No actually the other way around,\" Roddy answered, chuckling, \"But really. Since you're already friends with him, then you can just talk to him.\" Rita nodded, accepting her position in the plan. \"So..\" Roddy said, looking around as if some topic would appear in thin air, \"How's school?\" \"You know..\" Rita answered noticing Roddy was a bit nervous, \"Is there something wrong?\" Roddy snapped his eyes back to Rita. \"No!\" Roddy answered quickly, \"Not at all!\" \"Then why are you so nervous?\" Rita asked. Rita was never one to keep a question to herself. She put it out there. \"I'm not nervous,\" Roddy smiled nervously, tugging at his collar, \"Why would I be nervous? It's not like I love you or anything if that's what you're getting at!\" Roddy didn't know why he got nervous so suddenly. He knew he loved Rita...but he was chill a few seconds ago! It didn't make sense. Love is so annoying...Go to the bathroom Roddy! Before you say something you shouldn't! \"I have to..use the bathroom..excuse me!\" Roddy said, jumping out of his seat and zooming to the bathroom.","LastChapter":"I think it's a little ridiculous to be in high school and be going on my FIRST date. Roddy thought as he said good-bye to Dawn as he walked off the bus. Rita walked up next to him and nudged him. \"I see you've made a new best friend,\" Rita smiled. \"Yeah,\" Roddy agreed, \"But you're my best friend. No one can replace you..\" \"I'm sorry I didn't get to talk to you that much today,\" Rita apologized. \"It's fine..\" Roddy scoffed, grinning, \"At least we'll get to have dinner tonight..just the two of us!\" \"Yeah!\" Rita smiled, \"And I'm bringing out something I haven't worn in sooo long it's not even funny. I told Mum I was going to dinner with you tonight and she's like 'I'll go fix up the dress!' She's like..all happy we're going to dinner. Maybe she wants me out of the house again.\" Rita laughed softly at her own joke. \"Well..if I were her,\" Roddy said, posing as if he were thinking \"I'd cherish you and think I had the best daughter in the entire history of The Universe.\" Rita blushed and pushed him playfully. \"You're such a kiss up,\" Rita laughed. \"No,\" Roddy explained, \"I mean it! I mean..you're smart, athletic, talented and by far one of the most beautiful girl I've ever seen!\" Rita rolled her eyes. They began talking about the test that Friday in history class. When they got into the house, Mrs. Malone immediately grabbed Rita and rushed her up to her room. Rita let her mother drag her, laughing. Roddy watched her, laughing as well. Soon enough, Roddy and Rita were getting ready for their dinner-date. Rita seemed so clueless to him. He liked feeling smarter than her...only he was much stupider. He made sure to look his best. He put on a tuxedo that was exactly like the one he had first come down to the sewers in. He combed his hair and slicked his eyebrows. He made sure he looked perfect . When he was done, he went across the hall to check on Rita. \"Rita?\" Roddy called into the door, \"You ready?\" \"No!\" Rita called back, \"Meet me downstairs!\" \"Ok!\" Roddy agreed. He rushed down the stairs a little too fast. He tripped over his own feet and crashed down the stairs. While he was getting up, he heard steps at the top of the stairs. \"Ready, Roddy!\" Rita called down the stairs. Roddy looked up. His jaw dropped. His heart stopped. His palms started to sweat. He couldn't speak. He couldn't breathe. Rita looked amazing. She was dressed in a beautiful dress. It was short, it stopped an inch or two above her knees. the top part of the dress was silky and shining and it looked like a corset, flaunting Rita's figure. The skirt came out like a wedding dress and was made of the same material as ballet tutu's. The entire dress was emerald green to match her eyes. Her hair was down and curly with her bangs straightened. She had on silver hoop earrings and a matching silver choker. Her eyes were complimented by matching green eyeshadow and black mascara. She had a little bit of blush. Roddy realized he was on the floor, still. He scrambled up quickly and smoothed out his jacket. \"Ready?\" Rita asked. \"I am if you are!\" Roddy smiled nervously. \"Let's go!\" Rita exclaimed, \"We're leaving!\" Suddenly, all of Rita's 37 siblings popped out of nowhere. Roddy screamed and fell back in shock. \"Good bye!\" they all shouted in unison. \"Good-bye everyone!\" Rita smiled back. \"Yes,\" Roddy breathed, \"Good night everyone.\" \"I'm surprised you haven't gotten used to that,\" Rita giggled. \"Well..\" Roddy sighed, \"It's a bit new to me to have 37 smiling faces pop out of absolutely NOWHERE and scream 'Good-bye Roddy!'\" They headed out to the Jammy Dodger II when Roddy realized something. \"We should walk,\" Roddy said. \"Why?\" Rita asked. \"Because if we take the Dodger the wind might ruin your hair,\" Roddy explained. \"Oh,\" Rita said, \"Well then..let's walk.\" Roddy nodded and extended his elbow. To his pleasure, Rita locked hers with his. They walked silently to the Chez Froumage. When they arrived, Roddy opened the door for her like a gentlemen. Rita nodded her head in thanks and walked inside. Roddy went up to the little podium where a teenager stood dressed in a tuxedo much like Roddy's. He had dark brown hair and blue-green eyes and he was a little taller than Roddy. He looked about their age...in fact..Roddy knew who he was. So did Rita \"Damon?\" Rita asked. The teenager looked up. It was indeed Damon. \"Rita!?\" Damon replied. \"Yeah!\" Rita smiled, \"I didn't know you still worked here!\" \"Yeah,\" Damon said, \"My dad owns the restaurant and I help out when I can, remember? Tonight I was free, so I stepped in.\" \"That's nice,\" Roddy added. \"Well then..\" Damon said, getting business-like, \"Table for two?\" \"Yes, please,\" Roddy said, grinning. Table for two with Rita. He liked that. Damon grabbed two menus and led them to a small table with a candle in the middle. The candle was already lit. Roddy pulled out the chair for Rita. Rita smiled as she sat down. Roddy tucked in the chair with Rita sitting in it and then rushed over to his own. He sat down. Damon handed each of them a menu and took out a pad and a pencil. \"What can I get you to drink?\" Damon asked politely. \"Water, please,\" Rita answered. \"Make that two waters,\" Roddy added. Damon nodded as he wrote it down on his pad. \"Coming right up!\" Damon smiled and left the pair alone to talk. \"So..\" Roddy said, rubbing the back of his neck, \"Like it here?\" \"I love it here,\" Rita smiled, \"I used to make friends with the chefs in the back alley. They'd give me food to go sometimes.\" \"Oh really?\" Roddy said. \"Yeah,\" Rita smiled at the memories, \"That's how I know Damon. He would always give me a bit of ice cream for desert behind the chefs' backs.\" Roddy nodded, ensuring he was listening. \"I actually dated him for a little whie,\" Rita added, \"But then we realized that it wouldn't work out..so we stayed good friends. Surprisingly it's never been awkward between us, though.\" \"Well..I don't suppose, since you know him so well,\" Roddy started, seeing a way to help Dawn, \"You wouldn't want to help me help out my new friend Dawn?\" \"Why?\" Rita questioned, \"What's in it for me?\" Roddy pretended to think hard and then said, \"Me and you will stay up all night laughing and play games tonight?\" Rita mocked Roddy and pretended to think. She nodded in agreement. \"Ok,\" Roddy started, \"Dawn likes Damon..and I promised her that I'd talk to him and make friends with him..\" \"In that order?\" Rita asked, smiling. \"No actually the other way around,\" Roddy answered, chuckling, \"But really. Since you're already friends with him, then you can just talk to him.\" Rita nodded, accepting her position in the plan. \"So..\" Roddy said, looking around as if some topic would appear in thin air, \"How's school?\" \"You know..\" Rita answered noticing Roddy was a bit nervous, \"Is there something wrong?\" Roddy snapped his eyes back to Rita. \"No!\" Roddy answered quickly, \"Not at all!\" \"Then why are you so nervous?\" Rita asked. Rita was never one to keep a question to herself. She put it out there. \"I'm not nervous,\" Roddy smiled nervously, tugging at his collar, \"Why would I be nervous? It's not like I love you or anything if that's what you're getting at!\" Roddy didn't know why he got nervous so suddenly. He knew he loved Rita...but he was chill a few seconds ago! It didn't make sense. Love is so annoying...Go to the bathroom Roddy! Before you say something you shouldn't! \"I have to..use the bathroom..excuse me!\" Roddy said, jumping out of his seat and zooming to the bathroom.","Summary":" Rita kicked thendoor open to her new room. Her hands were full with a giant boxnfilled with her stu","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Romance Humor - Chapters: 7   - Words: 7,832 - Reviews: 25 - Favs: 10 - Follows: 10 - Updated: 6 27 2007 - Published: 6 24 2007 - id: 3614770 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Flushed Away: A Tale of Two Cities","Author":"Firefall Bangenthump","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4092663","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Flushed Away is, of course, the creation and property of Aardman-type people and DreamWorksy folks. But you know this. This co-written story was the idea of the inestimable DragonTamer222 of The Great Ruby Chase fame and therefore any credit should go to her. Blame for bad bits can probably come to me since the odds are that I wrote them. There are little bits of The Great Ruby Chase as well as the Changes of Scene in here, so anyone confused can easily rememdy it by taking a look at those. Apologies for the formatting of this chapter. I know it looks like a mess, but trust me, after this it gets better! Chapter One: A Day in the Pipes Rita sighed softly as she steered the Jammy Dodger II through the sewer waters. It was a quiet day, nothing really exciting happened, aside from the fact that Roddy had learned a new song and was now strumming it on a makeshift guitar he made out of a few pieces of twine over a miniature drum. The sound of it was music to her ears, literally, yet sometimes an irritating 'twang' would sound out, breaking the melodious tune. \"You really need to practice a bit more if you're going to do that right.\" She muttered as she turned her head towards him, seeing a playful grin crossing his face, \"It sounds nice at some points, but then again it can get horrid fast.\" She saw him put away the guitar and he stood up in order to walk up to the cabin, \"Well, if we don't get any excitement soon, I'll be able to play a few guitar pieces at once.\" He turned his head and gazed out at the slow moving river, \"Where exactly are we going, anyway?\" Rita shrugged, \"Well, I'm not entirely sure. I'm just going wherever the river takes me…\" as she sped the Dodger up a bit, she laughed, \"It's not taking us very far on its own though, so we might as well help it out.\" \"Good, because you're not usually one to just go with the flow,\" said Roddy. He cast an eye back to the locker where he had stowed the guitar. \"Go with the flow...that might make a good lyric...\" \"Do not,\" said Rita, firmly. \"Even think about it. What was that piece you started playing though? It was...well...\" She struggled not to deliver an unmitigated compliment. \"Not as bad as the others.\" Roddy scratched his head. \"You mean the Bach?\" \"I thought it was the front,\" quipped Rita. Roddy rolled his eyes. \"A small amount of respect for one of the greatest composers of all time wouldn't kill you, you know. Especially when you've got one on your own boat.\" \"In that case I want you to find him and give him the guitar,\" said Rita. Roddy laughed. \"It was a Bach piece. One of my favourites.\" \"I liked it too,\" said Rita. \"What's it called? Why do you like it?\" \"It's called 'Air on a G-String,'\" said Roddy. \"Which is not unconnected to the reason I like it. Would you care to hear it again?\" \"Make one move towards that locker and I'll break the guitar over your head, remove the G-string and garrotte you with it.\" There was a smile playing around her lips towards the end of the elaborate threat. \"Not if I get there first, Captain,\" said Roddy, with cheerful emphasis on the last word. \"You think you're faster than me?\" Rita turned to him and cocked an eyebrow. Roddy shook his head. \"Not so much. I know I'm faster than you, Rita.\" She locked the wheel into autopilot- a bent coat hanger inserted through a hole in the disc to prevent it from turning by itself. \"And what makes you think that, Roddy?\" she said, shifting subtly into a racing stance. \"Well...a couple of things.\" Roddy shrugged. \"Such as the fact that you'll need to spend a couple of seconds getting up, by which time-\" He moved faster than Rita suspected he could. One of her legs was swiftly booted out from under her and she dropped onto the deck with a surprised yelp. Roddy flashed her a cocky salute and darted over to the locker. \"...by which time,\" he went on, \"I'll be over here.\" He watched as his captain picked herself up again and reached for the nearest weapon. \"Oh, very funny, Roddy,\" said Rita, trying not to laugh out loud. \"Very funny. I'm going to remember that one!\" \"So will I,\" said Roddy, strumming a couple of chords casually. \"In fact, I'm inspired to write a song about it. I think a suitable title would be 'Another One Bites The Dust'.\" Rita laughed and threw herself at him. The guitar clattered to the deck as she bore him to the ground and landed heavily on top of him. Roddy struggled against her for a moment until she pinned him to the ground with the weapon she had grabbed from the cockpit. \"Uh...what exactly is that you've got there?\" Roddy tried to look at his own ear. Rita sat up and waved the bent coathanger. \"The first thing that came to hand.\" Roddy peered at it. \"Isn't that the autopilot? Shouldn't that be doing something right about now?\" Rita stood and helped him up. \"It shouldn't matter too much. The current here is weak anyway.\" She went back to the cockpit. Roddy re-stowed the guitar and joined her, dusting himself off. \"Well, maybe here it is,\" he said. \"But what about up ahead?\" Rita paused before replying. Roddy's ears were slightly better than hers, but now she could hear it as well. Above the sound of the engine, there was the unmistakable hissing roar of white waters. \"Oh, great...Roddy, take hold of anything that we have loose in the boat! If we're where I think we are, then we're in for some rough waters.\" At her orders, Roddy began to grab anything within view that might prove as a hazard to a ship fighting against the waters, including the guitar which he had dropped. Rita quickly grabbed the wheel of the ship and cranked it to the left to prevent the tip of the boat from smashing into the wall. The hull scraped slightly against the sides, but it didn't cause too much damage, so the captain righted the boat and continued to navigate the ship through the treacherous waters. When Roddy threw the last of the items to safety into the engine room, he ran up to his companion and looked around, \"This place is oddly familiar...\" he murmured while gazing around at their surroundings. What was familiar were the multiple roots that snaked out of the walls, each one winding around pipes as if they were frozen serpents. \"That's because we were here not too long ago.\" Rita shouted over the rapids as she cranked the throttle to its fullest power, \"This is where we lost the first Dodger, and this is the way it is to the humans' world Up Top!\" Roddy sighed, that was just their luck...The first time they came here was in desperation for him to get home, and it was at a great loss on Rita's part. But as he watched her steering the second ship, frowning in concentration, he knew she would get them safely through. The rapids seemed to get rougher as the Jammy Dodger II cut through the water like a hot knife through butter. Rita's arms ached as she tried to keep the wheel steady, and beads of sweat ran down her face, but she fought as hard as she could. As the water turned off into the grate which led to the treatment plant, Rita grunted softly as she turned the wheel in the other direction, and was rewarded as the front of the ship met the calmer waters. Roddy shouted out happily as the turbine of the boat left the current, causing the ship to float calmly through the gentle river. \"Well, that could have been worse,\" said Rita, trying not to let her voice betray the nerves she had felt. \"You mean that couldn't have been better!\" said Roddy enthusiastically. \"Brilliant piloting, Rita! In fact, if I may say so...\" He moved next to her and put a patronising arm around her shoulders. \"I probably couldn't have done it better myself.\" Rita gave him a wry look. \"Only probably? You were driving the last time we were in these parts and what happened then? Oh, wait, wait...it's coming back to me, what's this boat called again...\" She rolled her eyes skywards and tapped her chin as if in deep thought. Roddy sighed. \"That's not a totally unfair point.\" \"I don't think it's unfair at all,\" said Rita, patting his cheek happily. \"Check below to see if anything's broken loose. The last thing we need is something knocking around where we can't see it.\" \"Heaven forbid,\" muttered Roddy. \"Aye, ma'am!\" He turned and made his way down the ladder into the engine room. He greeted the sight there with a groan loud enough to attract Rita's attention. \"Problem, Roddy?\" She stood at the hatchway and peered down at him. \"Only in the broadest sense...it's like Dresden down here only not on fire.\" He cast a despairing look around the room. The cupboards and lockers lining the walls had not been designed for the kind of kicking the Hyde Park Rapids could inflict. Their contents lay scattered around the room like cast confetti. \"Well, I guess I didn't have anything better to do today.\" Roddy picked up a matchbox marked SPARE PARTS and gave a resigned sigh when the tray slid out and scattered a dozen silver nuts across the floor. \"Do you think it's possible I offended the Goddess of Chaos with my music earlier? I get the feeling that this is going to be one of those days.\" Rita took pity on him. \"Hang about. I'll stow the boat and give you a hand. It looks like everything's shifted and I don't want anything getting into the engine.\" Rita did as she said and pulled the Jammy Dodger II to the side of the river so as to avoid any further troubles. Then, she walked back down and noticed that Roddy was already working, picking up each metal nut delicately before he placed it into the box. \"If you keep working like that, it'll take us hours to clean it up.\" she laughed and leapt down the hatch, landing lightly upon her feet, \"Well, we probably should have realized this was going to happen. Let's just see what we can do about this.\" Rita started to place a few discarded items, such as cans of food and tools, into a locker. She tried to not be too messy, but even as she looked at it, they looked a bit jumbled. \"Was it like this before?\" she asked, letting a nervous chuckle escape from her lips, \"I don't even remember what was in this compartment.\" Roddy tried fighting off a smart comment, but found it impossible to, \"Granted, your organizational skills are lacking, but shouldn't you at least know where everything is on your ship?\" Rita elbowed him playfully, \"Hey, that's your job, First Mate.\" she emphasized the last two words and picked up a dented guitar and couldn't help but smile, \"Well, might as well put the cause of all of this away, we don't want any more trouble with the Goddess of Chaos, now would we?\" \"Not when I'm on a boat being skippered by her closest living relative,\" said Roddy, kicking aside a pile of canvas in order to clear a path to a distant locker. \"Maybe we should dump some of this stuff? I mean, even you don't know what it's all for.\" \"No, but you never know,\" said Rita, stowing the guitar, \"With-\" \"'With particular emphasis on the 'you'\" said Roddy, rolling his eyes and attempting to imitate her lower-London accent. \"You need some new material. I've heard that one so often that I've stopped even pretending to take offence.\" \"You know me too well,\" said Rita grinning. \"I would hardly think that's possible,\" replied Roddy, wedging the locker shut with his shoulder. \"Thanks for the help. I'll clear the rest of it away and stow it in alphabetical order to help you remember where it all belongs.\" He paused and looked around the engine room with a pensive expression. \"You're having second thoughts about that idea?\" said Rita. \"Not exactly...just...that plan rather relies on you knowing the alphabet...\" He waggled a hand. She threw an oily rag at him, leaving a dark smudge on his white shirt. Laughing, Roddy picked it up and threw it back but Rita was already halfway up the ladder. Roddy gave chase but she was too fast. Rita rolled out onto the deck commando-style and slammed the hatch shut behind her just as Roddy came through it. There was a solid-sounding thump and a muffled curse. She opened the hatch a crack and saw Roddy lying at the bottom of the ladder, rubbing his head and wondering what had just hit him. \"Sorry about that,\" she said with genuine contrition. \"Are you all right? I didn't mean to get you.\" \"I'm all right,\" said Roddy, sitting up. \"I probably deserved that after the trick I pulled earlier.\" \"It's a good thing you've got a thick head, Roddy,\" said Rita, smiling with relief. \"It was bound to come in handy sooner or later,\" Roddy gave her a small salute. Rita laughed and shook her head before leaping down into the engine room. She always enjoyed coming down here. It always felt like being in the old Dodger, mostly because of the disorder within. Roddy was currently pacing around the room, looking around at the lockers and cabinets. \"Well,\" he said as he peered at one shelf. He turned to Rita and cocked an eyebrow. \"Where are we going now, skipper?\" Rita looked up at the open hatch and grinned. \"If memory serves, I still owe you one trip to Kensington which doesn't involve losing the boat along the way.\" \"There's still time for that, Captain,\" said Roddy, poker-faced. \"And we've already been back there, remember?\" Rita did, and hoped that she hadn't offended him with the suggestion. \"Of course. Sorry. I guess it's a big sewer, though. Plenty to see and do. Besides, it isn't as if we can just turn around and go back now.\" As the two reached the deck of the boat, Rita shut the hatch and walked up to the steering wheel, \"Well, let's get going, then.\" she said with a grin, \"Here goes nothing.\" Pushing the lever to full throttle, Rita took the phone dial in her hand and the boat surged forward through the water. Roddy watched their wake as they moved away from the Hyde Park Treatment Plant. \"Do you know the way?\" he asked Rita. She hesitated briefly. \"More or less.\" \"So...you don't?\" Roddy joined her, and grinned. Rita didn't like conceding that her knowledge of the sewers was anything less than encyclopaedic, especially not to Roddy. \"Well, we lost Dad's maps with the first Dodger,\" said Rita. \"And nobody has ever managed to get past those rapids before.\" \"We're pioneers, then? How exciting.\" Roddy looked down the tunnel. \"Just out of interest, how do you know that nobody has ever got past them?\" Rita looked at him as if he were desperately stupid. \"Because nobody's ever come back, genius.\" Roddy frowned. \"Oh, I don't doubt it, ma'am! But wouldn't it be possible that they got past, but couldn't get back? The current would be just as strong in the other direction, wouldn't it?\" \"That's...not...impossible, I guess,\" said Rita, who hadn't looked at it that way before. \"Over the years, there'd be quite a few people who might have made it but couldn't get home again. Maybe we aren't pioneers after all.\" \"Well, we can always try being the first ones to get back,\" said Roddy. \"Which we can, right? I mean, the Dodger can do it again?\" Rita patted the wheel fondly. \"The Dodger can do anything.\" \"Much like myself,\" said Roddy, affecting an air of graceful arrogance. \"Ha, well, if you can do anything, why don't you go scrub the side of the ship while I find the way out of here?\" Rita said with a teasing smirk. \"Oh, touché.\" Roddy replied with a gesture of placing his hand on his heart in mock pain, \"Alright, well, maybe I can't do everything…\" \"I thought so.\" Rita murmured as she continued to steer the boat forward, a bit apprehensive, but feeling adrenaline course through her. The thought of travelling to the world Up Top was beginning to seem like a new adventure to her. She began to navigate the Dodger through the calm waters, keeping an eye out for intersections that would lead them elsewhere. As the great ship cut easily through the waters, Rita gazed at the bow in admiration as it slowly bobbed up and down with the flow of the river. She always had to remind herself why she received the ship, and it was because of her companion, who gave up a life of luxury to stay with her in the sewers. She looked back at him now, watching as he strummed a few chords on the guitar that he retrieved from the engine room. \"Not this again…\" she murmured aloud so that her companion could hear. Roddy looked up with an angelic look on her face, one that didn't fully conceal the imaginary horns on his head. \"I think we should put that away for a while.\" Rita said as she turned her eyes away to watch the river, \"Besides, I need to concentrate, and I can't do it with that noise going on.\" Roddy ran his hand over the guitar one last time, \"Aye, aye, captain.\" he went down below the hatch and disappeared from view, and Rita shook her head softly and took out the mechanical hand before allowing it to rest on the hatch. \"He's probably going to kill me for this.\" Rita muttered as she felt a grin sneaking up on her face, \"But now he can play however much he wants and it won't bother me.\" Roddy pushed on the hatch once or twice and chuckled to himself. Well, two could play at this game! He put the guitar aside for a moment and went over the engine control panel. His knowledge of mechanics had advanced considerably since his ill-fated attempt at repairing the first Jammy Dodger and it was a simple matter to switch over to the electric motor, powered by the onboard battery pack. He then picked up the instrument again and opened a maintenance hatch in the side of the funnel. Rita looked around in surprise as she felt the vibration of the main engine stop. She'd checked it this morning! It couldn't possibly have broken down already! But the auxiliary electric motor had kicked in without her telling it to. She looked back to the hatch and considered moving the mechanical arm aside so she could go down and check it out. \"Noboooody knows...the trouble I've seen...\" She paused and then shook her head. Roddy's voice, echoing eerily in the metal confines, was emerging from the funnel accompanied by distant, melancholy music. \"Nobody knows...but Rita...\" She rapped the knuckles of the mechanical hand on the deck once or twice. \"Pipe down, will you, Satchmo? If you're going to be playing around down there do you think you could make a start on dinner?\" She tried to sound severe, but it took all her effort not to laugh out loud. There was a pause before Roddy replied, making full use of the echo-chamber effect the funnel produced. \"Bewaaaaare, bewaaaaare!\" He waved his hands despite the fact that Rita couldn't see them. \"Your cooking isn't that bad, Roddy!\" Rita finally moved the hand aside. She opened the hatch and stuck her head down into the engine room. \"And you might want to take her off auxiliary power as well. The last thing I need is the battery pack dying on us.\" Roddy grinned cheekily and shouldered the guitar in a military-style armed salute, flicking the funnel hatch shut with his tail as he did so. \"Your wish is my command, ma'am!\" Rita rolled her eyes. \"Maybe a dead battery pack isn't the worst possible outcome after all. You make a start on the food and I'll find somewhere to pull over for the night.\" Roddy smiled and threw the guitar aside, \"Alright, Captain. Slop in a bowl coming right up!\" I just need the ingredients.\" he reached in a cabinet and Rita cocked an eyebrow, \"You won't find much in the oily rag locker, I can tell you that.\" Roddy made a face and pulled his hand away as if the contents within were diseased, \"Ew, you never can tell where those rags have been.\" Rita grinned. \"I was just kidding, gosh, I'd think that you were the one who knew where everything went. Didn't you just put it in there say...\" she pretended to be deep in thought for a moment, \"Ten minutes ago?\" Roddy laughed, \"I guess my memory isn't quite the best. It's contagious after a while.\" He narrowly dodged a half of a golf ball that was meant for a bowl, and he rested his hands on his hips and scowled, \"Now, now, Rita, how many times have I told you not to throw the utensils we eat off of?\" Rita laughed and rolled her eyes, \"Well, since you haven't fed me yet, I might as well make use of the empty bowls.\" \"Okay, okay.\" Roddy said as he lifted his hands in front of him, \"I'll take care of the food, just find us some place nice to stay...well, as nice as you can find in a sewer.\" he gave a friendly smile.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two: Unexpected Arrivals Roddy winced as it happened again. Rita had found a placid pool in which to tie up. It was underneath a broad metal grate which had afforded them both light and a view of what few stars could be seen from London. Unfortunately it had also turned out to be the centre of a busy road intersection and heavy vehicles would periodically drive overhead, displacing a fine shower of dirt particles and making a noise like thunder. Rita seemed unconcerned. \"When I said, 'find us some place nice to stay', I didn't mean that as a challenge, you know,\" said Roddy. \"There's more dirt in the food now than seasoning.\" \"There was seasoning?\" said Rita, with her mouth full. Roddy sighed. \"Good cooking really is wasted on you isn't it?\" \"There was no seasoning, was there?\" Rita grinned. \"Actually, no. Which means there is definitely more dirt in it.\" Roddy brushed some out of his hair. \"Next time, I'll pick the bivouac, all right?\" \"You don't like it here?\" Rita sat back, not even trying to disguise the enjoyment she was getting out of Roddy's discomfort. He flinched again. \"Of course I do, Rita, it's tip-top. I'm just not sure about the wallpaper.\" Her grin widened. He sighed again. \"Well, at least you've stopped throwing things at me.\" \"Only because I'm using them right now,\" said Rita. \"Anyway, there's a few other things I could throw at you that are lying around pointlessly.\" \"Are you offering to throw yourself at me?\" said Roddy, raising his eyebrows cheerfully. \"Lying around pointlessly as you-\" He ducked as a particularly large truck roared overhead. \"As you...are...\" he finished lamely. \"Can we possibly find somewhere else to sleep? I don't think anyone could relax with that racket happening.\" \"What racket?\" said Rita, sweetly. \"Alright, alright. Gosh, where's your sense of humour now?\" She started up the boat, \"Besides, I'm used to this kind of thing. If you want to be a great first mate, you're going to have to be able to sleep under any conditions, and sleep lightly at that.\" she winked back at him and allowed the boat to slowly tread through the water to their next destination. As they drew further in a darkened tunnel, the sounds of the traffic faded behind. \"Roddy...\" \"Hmm?\" he asked as he looked towards where the sound came from. It was nearly pitch black in the tunnel, but the lamp that hung over the back of the boat cast a faint light around them. Rita motioned towards his assigned couch in the back of the boat, \"You can get to sleep. It may take me a while to find a place to stay, and I'm sure you need your rest.\" Roddy looked at the couch and felt his eyes drooping from sleepiness. He nodded and sighed, \"A long day of playing music, being tossed around by a raging river of death, and putting everything away afterwards has really taken it out of me. He turned his eyes towards her, \"Are you sure you don't want me to wait until we pull over?\" Rita nodded and waved him on, \"Yeah, I'm sure. I'll sleep in a bit.\" she crossed her fingers in front of her so he wouldn't see. Roddy seemed to hesitate for a second, but then he shrugged and went over to the couch. He laid down upon it, and Rita hummed the song he was singing just before. She groaned and smacked herself in the head, which caused Roddy to lift his head, smile, and say, \"I got it stuck.\" Rita shook her head, trying hard not to smile, \"Great, and I thought the slugs were bad enough.\" Roddy yawned and turned towards the wall of the boat, \"Well, I'm used to it, if you want me to be your first mate, then you'll have to be able to withstand my singing.\" \"Heaven forbid.\" Rita murmured, loud enough so he could hear, before she continued to steer the boat. She sighed, it was going to be a long night, but she knew they had to get Up Top soon. She wasn't worried about getting there, she was worried about getting back... When Roddy awoke, there was already sunlight streaming through the grates overhead. He sat up with a start and rubbed his eyes. He'd been asleep all night! What was Rita thinking? He looked at the cockpit and shook his head. Rita was still standing at the wheel. \"Rita?\" \"Morning, Roddy,\" said Rita, but there had been a small but significant pause before her head came up to answer and the words came too quickly. She must have been on the verge of drifting off herself. Roddy swung his legs out of bed and went to the cockpit. \"Are you all right? Please tell me you weren't standing here all night long.\" \"I wasn't standing here all night long,\" said Rita. \"Liar,\" said Roddy. \"You're hard to please this morning, aren't you?\" Rita gave him a grin. \"Look, don't worry about me. I've gone longer without sleep than this.\" \"Well, yes...but...\" Roddy sighed. \"If you're planning on doing it, at least let me know. I'm not as useless as you think I am, you know, I can get by without rest if I have to. You need your beauty sleep, Rita. As much of it as you can get.\" \"Such insubordination!\" Rita raised an eyebrow. \"That sort of thing can get a First Mate in a lot of trouble. You're lucky I don't have a yardarm for you to swing from.\" Roddy shrugged. \"I'm lucky in all sorts of ways. Seriously, though. We're a crew, which means we work together, right? Wake me up next time. That's all I'm saying.\" Rita looked him over and sighed inwardly. He was right, which made it harder. But she'd let him sleep so he couldn't see her unease and she wasn't about to admit to that. \"Fine. Next time I decide to pull an all-nighter I'll definitely let you know so you can see for yourself what a non-event it is.\" \"I look forward to it,\" said Roddy, happily. \"I'll get started on breakfast, shall I? Would you prefer cinnamon bread or French toast?\" Rita looked at him in surprise. \"Well...the cinnamon sounds good. Do we actually have either of those things?\" \"No,\" said Roddy, grinning. \"I just wondered which you'd prefer. Didn't say we had any.\" \"Oh, very funny, Roddy.\" Rita shook her head and returned her gaze to the water ahead of them. \"I'm glad you think so, Captain,\" said Roddy. He flipped her a salute and left the cockpit, whistling a tune. Rita rolled her eyes and turned back to look through the tunnel. The water that sloshed around the bottom of the boat seemed to get louder and more irritating. She tried to slow the boat down, a slight pain was forming behind her forehead, but the sound continued, getting louder as the boat travelled further down the tunnel. It was then that she saw a light at the end of the tunnel. \"Subtle...\" she murmured as she felt the Dodger jerk about through the rougher waters, \"Roddy, you might want to hang onto something, I think we're about to have quite a ride.\" \"What was that?\" Roddy asked as he stuck his head out of the hatch for the engine room, \"I can't hear you over this tumultuous water.\" \"Ha ha ha.\" Rita did her best to unmask her sarcastic tone and grasped tightly to the steering wheel of the ship, \"Just brace yourself, I don't want to be fishing you out of the water, from what I remember from a slug rumor, you're not the best swimmer.\" A hint of red came to her companions cheeks, and she nervously cleared her throat, \"Well, anyway, like I said, you better hang on. I'm sure that wherever this tunnel leads, it's not going to be easy.\" Roddy nodded, and went down below. Rita watched him going and sighed. She knew that the tunnel most likely was a pipe that led to a river or lake. What she didn't know was how high it was...she prayed that the Jammy Dodger II will survive the fall and land belly-down. Rita was not one to simply sit back and let fate deal its cards. When it came to matters of personal survival, she had no compunction about spiking the deck a little, or, if it came to it, kicking over the table and beating an escape through the window. As irritating as the water in the bilges was, it might yet save them. She span a small brass handle, opening the seacocks and allowing water to flow into the Jammy Dodger II's bilges. It sank noticeably in the water before she span the wheel shut again. \"I'm not sure if this is one of those things I should be alarmed about,\" called Roddy from below, \"But there's rather more water below the deck than there used to be.\" \"I know, don't worry about it,\" replied Rita. \"It's ballast. It'll hold us steady and keep the keel pointing down. Water in a boat isn't always a bad thing.\" \"Well, that seems a touch counter-intuitive, but I have all the faith in the world that you're not as stupid as you look.\" Roddy grinned to himself and set about securing everything in the engine room. It would be a shame to have to tidy it all up again if Rita was right about what lay ahead. He sealed down the last of the lids and wandered back on deck. \"Didn't I tell you to hang on?\" shouted Rita, above the rising sound of water. \"Yes, but there's more to hang on to up here!\" Roddy moved to join her and then took stock of the tunnel. The arch of brickwork terminated just ahead of them. \"I say, is that-\" He didn't have time to finish. The boat went off the edge, displaying all the aeronautical ability of a sandbag. Rita's controlled flooding succeeded, and the keel remained steadfastly vertical as the boat plunged into the pool below, engines screaming as the propeller left the resistance of the water. Roddy had time to realise that his feet had floated free of the deck before they slammed down again and he landed spreadeagled across the hatch coaming. \"How you doing back there?\" called Rita, dusting herself down. \"There are hypothetical circumstances in which I could be worse,\" muttered Roddy, pushing himself to his feet. \"Where are we?\" Rita looked around, her eyes widening in surprise. Daylight shone down from multiple vents set into the sides of a vast cylindrical brick chamber- one of Bazalgette's overflow weirs. But what had attracted her attention were the buildings that crowded the water's edge, so close that the roof of one was the front veranda of the one behind it. Rats moved to and fro between them, the ripple of conversation echoing in the chamber even above the sounds of the waterfall. Roddy looked around in amazement. When he thought he had seen everything in the sewers, something like this would just pop up and smack him right in the face. Just as he thought this, he took a step forward and a loose floorboard flew up and whapped him on the snout. \"Good grief!\" he shouted out as he rubbed the sore appendage, \"I have to be careful on what I think of from now on.\" He didn't hear Rita snickering, as he thought she would. Her eyes were looking around in amazement and slight worry, and as he wondered about the reason, she spoke up, \"I don't see how we could get out of here...The only way that I can see is up that pipe.\" she pointed behind her to the tube that they had just came out of, \"But I guess we can worry about that later. We can at least see what kind of place this is.\" Mr Malone looked at it critically.[Chapter 3] Chapter Three: Modern Communications Rita was surprised at how little attention their arrival had generated. When a boat pulled into Ratropolis, it became the centre of a localised whirlwind of longshoremen, stevedores, hawkers and people with nothing better to do. The docks of the town in the weir were almost deserted. Buildings stood virtually derelict and the few people who lived there reminded Rita all too much of poverty- the real stuff, the relentless, chronic kind which ate into the soul and which her family had barely escaped. \"Where did everyone go?\" said Roddy, raising his head to listen to the ripples of conversation drifting across the weir. \"I know we saw people on the way in.\" \"They're all up there,\" said Rita, pointing to the higher levels of the city. \"But it looks like the docks are abandoned. Look, even the boats which are here haven't been looked after.\" She pointed to a vessel about the Dodger 's size. The paint had peeled off it, and it was being kept afloat only by the rotting mooring lines that prevented it from slipping below the surface entirely. \"How could people let things get like this?\" Roddy shook his head in disbelief. Rita looked at him sideways and reminded herself that Roddy, changed as he had become, was still from very different roots to hers. \"It's what happens when just surviving takes all your efforts,\" she said. \"It doesn't leave much time for anything else.\" Roddy nodded sadly, coming to a realisation similar to the one Rita had just had. He decided to leave the topic. \"And I suppose there aren't many places to take a boat. You can't leave the weir.\" He looked up at the town above them. \"It's so different to back home.\" Rita stepped around a pile of debris and looked up sharply as a small figure darted out of the half-sunken derelict and leapt onto the shore. It stopped to stare at them for a moment and Rita looked into a pair of bright eyes set in a young face, alight with curiosity. It was a small figure, no more than a child, and it made no moves to escape as she waved. \"Hey! We won't hurt you!\" The young rat moved along the rotting jetty and looked at her. It was probably male, but it was hard to tell. His face was dirty and his clothes appeared to have been improvised from anything that came to hand. Rita knelt to appear less threatening, motioning for Roddy to do the same. \"My name's Rita. This is Roddy. Who are you?\" \"Why do you want to know?\" The boy looked her up and down. \"Because we're new here,\" said Rita. \"We need to speak to someone. Can you help us?\" \"Depends on who you want to talk to,\" said the boy. \"You should probably talk to Algy first.\" \"Who's Algy?\" asked Roddy. The boy looked at him with the pitying expression reserved for those who are chronically stupid. \"Who I'm taking you to see, of course. I'm Denny, by the way.\" He flashed a smile and led them up the street. Rita stood and followed without hesitation. Roddy ran to catch up. \"Do you know where he's taking us?\" he asked. \"Of course not.\" Rita shrugged. \"But what choice do we have? He's the only person we know here. Besides, look at him. I could lift him up with one finger. I think we can take him if it comes to that.\" Roddy nodded. \"All right, so long as you trust him.\" \"What makes you think I trust him?\" \"Isn't that what you just told me?\" \"What makes you think I trust you?\" Rita smiled and squeezed Roddy's hand affectionately. \"Stop worrying. Whoever this Algy person is must be able to tell us something.\" \"Well, this will be the second time I fetched up somewhere unexpected and followed a blind lead,\" said Roddy. \"When was the first time?\" asked Rita. \"When I first got flushed into Ratropolis,\" said Roddy. \"That old guy with the peg leg told me I should look for you.\" \"And you followed him?\" \"I didn't think I had much choice. Besides, he had a talking fish. What's the world coming to, Rita, if we can't trust talking fish? He led me straight to you.\" \"So that didn't really pay off,\" Rita smiled. \"I've regretted it ever since,\" Roddy grinned back. Denny disappeared out of sight up a side alley. It was so narrow that Roddy and Rita had to move up it sideways. It climbed steeply between buildings on either side, leading away from the crumbling docks. \"So where'd you two blow in from?\" said Denny. \"I don't remember seeing you around the docks. And I know everything that happens there.\" \"You do?\" \"'Course I do.\" Denny grinned. \"Come on, keep up.\" He led them into a street, narrow by any standards but a welcome expanse after the dingy alley. There were people here, going about their business, but the sense of poverty remained. A stall had been set up and the tired old ratwoman behind it was selling what seemed to Roddy to be mere scraps of dirty cotton. Were things that bad? \"We're…not from around here,\" said Roddy. \"I can see that, that's why I asked.\" Denny dodged around the stall and knocked on a set of doors. \"Anyway, this is Algy's place.\" He knocked on them doors. Rita looked up appraisingly. They were double doors set into one of the largest buildings they had yet seen. It was an old oil drum turned on its side and half-buried in silt. A ragged hole had been cut into one end and the doors jury-rigged over it. At one stage they had been painted green, but the colour had faded into a sickly shade. From inside came a footsteps and the doors opened. \"Yes? What is it? Oh, it's you, Denny. Shouldn't you be in school now?\" Denny shifted in embarrassment. \"Please, Algy! There's two people here who need to see you!\" \"Who are they?\" The figure behind the door stepped out. It was a rat, and probably slightly younger than Roddy and Rita but with a face that had clearly seen too much trouble already. He was wearing black with a think strip of battered purple ribbon about his shoulders. A small patch of white stood out on his collar. He regarded Roddy and Rita with surprise. \"Oh! I see. Thank you, Denny. Run along now, your teachers will be missing you.\" Denny shifted again. \"You couldn't make it worth my while, could you, Algy? You know how things are.\" \"I know how things are for everyone, Denny. I'm sorry.\" He smiled sadly and turned to Roddy extending a hand. \"How do you do?\" \"Um, well,\" said Roddy, who was still trying to catch up. \"I'm Roddy. This is Rita. And you're Algy?\" \"I'm Father Algernon,\" said the young rat. \"Come in, both of you. Not you, Denny, what did I just say?\" Inside, Roddy looked around. It was probably a chapel, but not much of one. The altar was a rectangular shape beneath a white cloth and the roof of the barrel curved above them. Candles hung from it at irregular intervals, but their light served more to deepen the shadows than to chase them away. Roddy took a few steps and banged his knee on the end of a pew, causing him to utter a sentiment or two not normally heard on consecrated ground. Rita shot him a dirty look and he grinned sheepishly. Algernon didn't seem to have noticed. \"You're the priest here?\" said Rita. \"I suppose so, but I'm not ordained.\" Algernon sat down. \"But you said you were Father Algernon?\" said Roddy, rubbing his shin. \"So I am. That's my name, not a job description.\" Algernon shrugged and smiled. \"There was a mistake in the format of my birth certificate. I suppose it could have been worse. I might have ended up being Mother Algernon or Hospital Algernon or Nationality Algernon. Anyway, that's not what you're here for. What can I do for you?\" \"Well, you could tell us exactly where 'here' is,\" said Rita. \"We're not from these parts. We fetched up here kind of by accident.\" \"Lost travellers?\" said Algernon. \"Not 'lost',\" said Rita, bristling at the word. \"Just…mislaid.\" Algernon laughed. \"Aren't we all? You're in the Upper Hyde Overflow Weir. Where did you come from?\" \"Ratropolis,\" said Roddy. \"Ah! The old city? How exciting.\" Algernon leaned forwards. \"It's been a long time since we heard from there.\" \"We never even knew this place existed,\" said Rita. \"How many people live here?\" \"Oh, one or two hundred. Most of whom got here in the same way you did.\" Rita looked at Roddy and remembered something he had said before- maybe people had got past the Hyde Park Rapids, but hadn't been able to get back… \"Can you get out of here?\" she asked, knowing the answer. Algernon shook his head. \"I'm afraid not. The weir never fills up enough to let us sail back into the sewers. A few people have tried of course. We never…see them again.\" The young priest cast his eyes into a corner of the room. Roddy looked and saw that the wall was covered with pieces of paper, each bearing a name and a date. He swallowed. No wonder Algernon looked so tired. \"Left a bit!\"[Chapter 4] Chapter Four: Jasper's Big Idea Jasper was listening intently as Rita talked, sketching on a piece of paper as he did so. Mr Malone was pacing up and down nervously. \"Any ideas, Jasper?\" he asked. \"Give me half a minute,\" said Jasper. \"I'm trying to figure out the kind of volume we're talking about.\" \"Er, I think it's that button there,\" said Sid helpfully, pointing to a control on the phone. \"Not volume as in noise, volume as in capacity.\" Jasper gave him a withering look. \" Is everything all right there?\" asked Rita over the phone. \"No,\" said Jasper, muttering. \"It's fine, girl,\" said Mr Malone, cutting in. \"We're on the case now. We'll soon have something for you.\" There was a pause. \" Dad, when you say 'we', does that include Sid?\" \"No,\" said Jasper, more firmly. \" All right. Call us back when you've got it?\" \"I will,\" promised Mr Malone. \"Good luck. Take care of each other.\" \" Yeah, dad. Of course. See you!\" The line went dead. Mr Malone looked at Jasper questioningly. \"The good news,\" said the mechanic. \"Is that I might have a plan. Do you have a map of the sewers anywhere around here?\" Mr Malone nodded. \"The Planning Department should. Sid? Go and get it for me.\" \"Righto, chief.\" Sid darted out. \"And I'll need a map of the city Up Top as well,\" said Jasper. \"With particular reference to the Thames.\" \"Why? What are you thinking?\" \"Many things, Mr Mayor, many things. If they're in a weir, we need to figure out a way to raise the water level to get them out. It'll take a lot of water to do it, and you don't get much better water sources than the Thames!\" Sid returned, struggling under a long, rolled chart. \"This whole thing, boss, with Rita and Roddy ending up in a weir…\" he began. \"Yes?\" said Mr Malone. \"It's…well…weir'd. Don't you think?\" Sid grinned hopefully. Mr Malone exchanged looks with Jasper. \"It's like that joke was inevitable, isn't it?\" he said. \"And you just have to stand there and watch it coming.\" Sid sighed and spread the chart out onto the floor. It showed a maze of multicoloured lines, delineating the subterranean structure of the city. Jasper knelt over it and examined it critically. \"And the map of Up Top?\" he asked. Mr Malone turned to Sid. \"Didn't you get one of them just the other day?\" Sid grinned nervously. \"Well, sort of, chief, but the thing is I kind of used it.\" \"As what?\" \"Wallpaper, chief. My office needed some doing up.\" Mr Malone picked up a letter-opener from his desk- a piece of staple set into a wooden handle. Sid moaned. \"Please, boss! I just put it up yesterday!\" \"And you can have the same fun tomorrow,\" said Mr Malone. \"Come on.\" The mayor frogmarched his chief-of-staff out of the room. To the sound of tearing paper, Jasper frowned and looked at his sketches. \"Redirecting a river, eh?\" He chuckled. \"Well, this'll be something to write home about.\" Rita propped the phone up in the corner of the engine room.[Chapter 5] Chapter Five: Litter Traps The crowd dispersed slowly, chatter filling the air as they went. \"That went better than I expected,\" commented Roddy. \"Yeah, I guess it did…\" said Rita. Roddy looked at her and patted her shoulder. \"And you were brilliant, with that idea about using the church itself! Nobody else could have thought of that, Rita.\" Rita accepted the compliment with barely a nod. She was looking over to where Algernon was talking to Big Jack. \"I wonder what his story is,\" Roddy went on. \"Elsie certainly didn't seem to like him very much.\" Big Jack shook Algernon's hand and left. He paused and nodded to Rita and Roddy as he departed. Algernon came over and joined them. \"You certainly delivered an impressive performance, Rita,\" he said. \"That was a good idea, using this place.\" \"Sorry about that,\" Rita said. \"I probably should have asked you if that was okay before suggesting it.\" \"Oh, not to worry.\" Algernon waved a hand. \"I rather like it. The community is looking to my church for a vessel of salvation. The metaphor alone knocks me down. I think you changed a lot of minds tonight.\" \"Not all of them,\" said Rita, nodding pointedly in the direction of Big Jack's exit. \"Don't mind him,\" said Algernon. \"You heard him. He'll help. He may not like it, but he doesn't go back on his word. Mostly.\" \"Mostly?\" Roddy looked up. \"Oh, that's comforting. What was it that Elsie was talking about before?\" Algernon sighed. \"That's a bit of a story.\" \"We've got time,\" said Rita. \"I like to know who I'm working with.\" The priest nodded sadly. \"Big Jack came here with nine or ten others. They were the crew of a salvage barge. They were the best mariners we had. All of the others left, one by one, to find a way back to Ratropolis. Of course, we never heard anything from them again. Big Jack was the only one who didn't try.\" \"Why not?\" Algernon shrugged. \"Eventually there were only two of the crew here. Big Jack, and the old captain. The captain had settled down here, married and had a child. That was Denny. Anyway, the captain resolved that he'd go off as well to try to find his crew, or at least what had happened to them. His wife wouldn't agree to stay behind so she insisted on going as well. Big Jack was meant to go with them.\" \"But he didn't?\" said Roddy. Algernon shook his head. \"At the last minute. Literally standing on the dockside. He just flat refused to get on the Mudlark - that was the old barge, you see. Said nothing good ever happened on that boat. Denny was supposed to have gone with his parents, but he was a tearaway even then. He was too young to know what was being attempted so he was playing hide and seek or something. By the time he was found, the Mudlark had already sailed.\" \"So that's what Elsie meant?\" asked Roddy. \"Yes. The captain and his wife were a popular couple. A lot of people blamed Big Jack for letting them go. Of course, nothing would have changed if he had gone. Denny would still have been left here alone. The Mudlark would never have returned anyway. None of them ever do.\" Algernon smiled sadly. \"Are you sure we can trust Jack?\" Roddy looked worried. Algernon nodded. \"Oh, yes. He's still the best sailor in town, whatever faults he might have. He knows what has to be done. Which reminds me, you'll need to meet him tomorrow morning.\" \"Why?\" \"You'll need to survey the main tunnel, won't you?\" Algernon suggested. Roddy shrugged. \"Well, it can't do any harm. We might as well know where we're going for once, right, Rita?\" Rita nodded distractedly. Roddy watched her for a moment. \"We'd better head off, then,\" he said. \"Thanks, Algernon.\" \"We'll be the ones thanking you if this works,\" said Algernon. \"Good night to you both.\" Rita was unusually quiet on the way back to the Jammy Dodger II . She remained so even when preparing for bed.[Chapter 6] Chapter Six: The Thames Barrier Rita sat in the engine room of the Jammy Dodger II , wearing one of Roddy's shirts and trying to stitch closed the tears in her green jumper with her one good arm. Roddy was applying an antiseptic cream to the cuts on her back and trying not to inhale the vapours. \"Are you sure this stuff works?\" he said, trying to keep as much of the viscous grey substance off her fur as possible in case it stuck. \"Of course I'm sure,\" said Rita. \"It's my grandmother's own recipe.\" Roddy sniffed his fingers and wished he hadn't. \"Well, if I was a germ, it'd scare the daylights out of me…\" Rita chuckled. \"Mum's going to kill me for this. It took her a long time to find the material for this jumper.\" She bit off the string with her teeth. \"How's that look to you?\" Roddy looked over her shoulder. Nobody could say that they didn't notice the repairs, but at least the holes were sealed. \"I think that's as good as it'll get,\" he said. \"Of course, if you let me try it with both my hands…\" Rita looked at him sceptically. \"You can sew?\" \"I'm always willing to learn from an expert,\" said Roddy. \"Of course, that means I'd have to speak to someone else.\" Rita grinned. \"Thanks for that.\" She stood up, unbuttoning the borrowed shirt, and moved to shrug it off her shoulders. Roddy twitched and whirled away. \"What are you doing?\" asked Rita, laughing. \"Something called propriety,\" said Roddy defensively, his back to her. \"I realise that you tend to keep digging when you hit the bottom of the barrel, but…\" \"Oh, come on! Like you haven't seen what there is to see. Besides, I'll need to help to get dressed with this arm.\" Roddy sighed and helped her into the jumper. He re-tied the sling over the shoulder and picked up the jar of antiseptic. \"Anywhere in particular this belongs or can I tip it into the fuel tank with the other noxious chemicals?\" \"Sure, or you could keep it and use it to improve the flavour of whatever you cook next,\" Rita winked. \"Just put it in that cupboard there. No, there.\" Roddy closed the door and followed Rita up on deck. The townspeople had made good progress and were preparing to roll the church into the lake. A crazed tangle of rope had been set up and gangs were hauling on great levers. \"Do you really think that'll work?\" asked Roddy. \"It's going to have to,\" replied Rita. \"Come on, let's go and see if we can lend a hand.\" Roddy looked at her injured arm and smiled. \" A hand is right in your case.\" Algernon was standing with one of the hauling teams. The ropes had been attached to long wooden logs which had been inserted under the side of the barrel, levering it out of the ground. He waved as Roddy and Rita approached. \"Hello! I heard about your escape before. I hope you don't always cut things so fine.\" \"Oh, no,\" said Rita. \"Sometimes we cut them much finer.\" \"Pardon?\" Algernon frowned. Roddy rolled his eyes and took hold of the rope. Big Jack was leading one of the other teams. \"Everybody ready?\" he shouted. \"All right! Here we go! One, two three!\" They heaved. The ropes creaked and the wood made horrible splintering sounds, but the barrel did indeed lift up slightly. \"One, two three!\" The noises grew louder. Roddy gritted his teeth as he strained. \"It's lifting!\" shouted Rita encouragingly. Denny appeared beside her. \"Hope there's nobody standing in front of it when it goes,\" he commented brightly. Rita looked down at the young rat and remembered what she and Roddy had found aboard the Mudlark . \"One, two, three!\" Big Jack roared. One of the logs split and fell, the team that had been pulling on it scattering as the wood clattered down around them. \"Hold the strain!\" shouted Algernon. \"Don't let it go! Keep trying!\" They dug their feet into the ground and braced. Rita watched as Archimedes won the battle against Isaac Newton, and the enormous barrel lifted free of its bed. It teetered for a moment or two, unsure of what happened next, before it rolled down the slope towards the lake. It crashed off one or two abandoned dockside buildings before landing with an almighty splash that sent great ripples bouncing across the lake. The Jammy Dodger II rocked and banged against the jetty as the town cheered. Roddy helped up Algernon and grinned to Rita. \"Piece of cake,\" he said. Algernon laughed. \"Is that right, Jack?\" Big Jack nodded. \"Aye, we just need to fit her with those outriggers and she'll be ready to go.\" \"Outriggers?\" said Roddy. \"It'll roll something awful if it doesn't have them,\" said Big Jack. \"I'll not be able to hold her steady even if you're towing us.\" Rita looked down at the great barrel, floating in the shallows of the lake. One more step closer to escape- if her father was successful. Big Jack cast a glance at her. \"Speaking of which, I guess you've got a back up plan, since you're out of action? Someone's got to pilot your tub.\" Rita looked at her arm in its sling ruefully. \"Too right, they do. But don't worry. I'm sure Roddy can handle it.\" \"Pardon?\" Roddy stared. \"You're the only other person who knows how to handle the Dodger ,\" pointed out Rita, smiling encouragingly. Roddy made no reply. \"Does he normally look like that?\" asked Big Jack, conversationally. \"Oh, yes,\" said Rita briskly. \"That's his game face.\" \"And is it normally that colour?\" \"That's his game colour.\" There was a thump. Algernon looked down, concerned. \"And…does he normally faint like that?\" \"That's his game fainting.\" Rita helped Roddy to his feet. \"Come on, tiger, stand to.\" Roddy found his voice again. \"Me? Are you…I mean, do you trust…I mean…me?\" \"There's nobody else, Roddy,\" said Rita. She lowered her voice to a whisper the others couldn't overhear. \"And there's nobody else I'd rather trust.\" Roddy smiled nervously. This wasn't a burden he was prepared for, but the position was inarguable. \"Well…all right. Since I have to. But make sure you're there with me.\" \"I'll be with you, Roddy. I promise.\" Rita hugged him. \"And I'll be right behind you,\" said Big Jack. Roddy nodded and sighed. \"I guess it's down to Mr Malone now.\" The Flying Malone levelled out over Woolwich Reach. Jasper lifted his goggles and pointed over the side. \"There it is! The Thames Barrier, just as promised!\" Mr Malone peered down. The line of the Barrier's piers lay across the Thames River like a fleet of silver ships in line abreast. Between them the great gates had been raised to ward off the King Tide that was coming up the estuary. \"Looks a bit like the Sydney Opera House, doesn't it, Bruce?\" said Bruce One. Bruce Two squinted. \"Like the Sydney Opera House made in tinfoil, Bruce.\" \"You two shouldn't be looking at that!\" shouted Jasper. \"Minds on the job!\" Bruce One saluted and turned back, picking up his telescope and panning it around, looking for the rogue seabirds that would have been following the tidal surge inland. Bruce Two wound the staple gun around and put his eye to the crosshairs. \"Ready, Mr Mayor?\" Jasper grinned. Mr Malone swallowed nervously. He tightened the straps of his parachute around his shoulders and nodded. \"Then here we go! Break right!\" Jasper pointed the nose of the plane down and to starboard, bringing it in a sweeping arc over the river. \"We've got to go downstream a bit!\" he shouted to Mr Malone. \"We'll drop you off when we're flying nice and level!\" \"Are you sure you can't land this thing instead?\" asked Mr Malone. \"No chance! Not if we've got to fend off anything!\" Mr Malone sighed. \"All right. Let's do this thing and go home.\" \"You've got your kit?\" Mr Malone tapped the heavy toolbelt around his waist. \"It's a long time since I've had to sabotage anything, Jasper, I don't mind telling you!\" Jasper laughed. \"And it's a long time since I've had to save you after sabotaging something, so we'll both just pick it up again as we go along!\" Mr Malone tried to smile, but it didn't work. He wasn't sure whether he was afraid of the drop, the task ahead of him…or what might happen to Rita if he failed. He looked behind them at the silver shapes of the piers and pondered Pegleg's cryptic warnings about an evil inhabiting the Barrier. They couldn't possibly be true, could they? Even Harold, who was usually quick to adhere to anything pessimistic, didn't seem to believe it. \"Here we go!\" Jasper patted Mr Malone's shoulder, taking a hand off the controls and allowing the Flying Malone to yaw alarmingly. \"Get over the side and hang on!\" Mr Malone clambered out of his seat and over the side. He held on to the lip of the cockpit and braced his feet against a small rail, the wind buffeting his body. Jasper turned the plane back upriver and reduced speed. \"Bandits! Bandits! Bandits!\" Jasper turned. Bruce One was shouting hysterically and pointing. A flock of seagulls had appeared behind them and seemed to have noticed the Flying Malone and its passengers. \"Seagulls!\" shouted Jasper. \"I hate seagulls! I hope these aren't the ones we ran into before in the Channel Islands!\" \"Why not?\" shouted Mr Malone. \"Because we ran into them, mainly!\" Bruce Two cranked the staple gun up and put his hand on the trigger. \"A bit closer, mate, and I'll have you good,\" he muttered. \"I hate flipping birds.\" Jasper looked ahead of them. The Barrier was approaching fast. \"I'd get ready to go if I were you?\" he said. \"I used to be a simple scrap merchant,\" muttered Mr Malone, shifting his feet on the rail. \"Where did I go wrong?\" \"Getting married was what done it,\" said Jasper. \"I warned you about that.\" There was a staccato rattle from behind them as Bruce Number Two opened fire, the staple gun spitting out hail of silver shots that described an arc through the midst of the seagull flock and breaking their formation. He began turning the gun, following one of the white birds as it tried to dodge the staples. \"Hold fire!\" snapped Jasper. \"You can't bring 'em down and we'll need those staples for the trip back!\" \"Sorry, mate!\" Bruce Two ceased fire, but almost immediately had to open up again on a trio of birds which had appeared overhead. One of them dared the rain of metal to dive down on the racing plane, its yellow beak open and sharp. Jasper dropped the nose at the last minute and the gull whistled past them harmlessly, but the moment had been lost. The Thames Barrier passed underneath them. Jasper swore. \"We'll have to come around again from upstream!\" he shouted. \"Wouldn't it be safer if I just dropped off and swam?\" yelled Mr Malone. \"With these buggers in the air you wouldn't get five yards!\" Jasper shook his head. \"Hang on, lads, here we go!\" He yanked the nose up violently and it was all Mr Malone could do to hang on to the side. The Flying Malone climbed and began tipping over. The engines spluttered as the carburettors choked or ran dry. For one awful moment it felt as if the plane was just hanging in space, neither rising or falling. Jasper hauled on the stick one last time and the plane rolled over its back and righted itself. The engines roared back into life, emitting puffs of diesel-blue smoke. The half-loop pointed them back at the Barrier, but also at the seabirds. The two Bruces hurriedly aimed the staple gun ahead of them and blazed away, opening up a clear flight path before running out of ammunition. \"Now or never, mate!\" shouted Bruce One, opening the gun's magazine and slamming another stick of staples into the mechanism. \"He's right!\" yelled Jasper. \"On my mark!\" Mr Malone looked down at the approaching barrier. \"Oh, Rita,\" he whispered. \"Please forgive me if this doesn't work…\" \"Now!\" Jasper gave a thumbs-up. Mr Malone closed his eyes and let go of the plane. He fell, the rushing wind about him strangely silent after the noise of the Flying Malone 's engines. He counted as Jasper had told him and pulled his ripcord tag. It came off in his hand. Mr Malone stared at it in disbelief. \"You must be joking…\" Bruce looked behind them at the falling figure. \"The chute should be out by now, mate! Something's awry!\" Bruce Two nodded. \"Out of our hands, mate! Heads up!\" Bruce One looked up as a seagull swooped and barely cleared their heads. He seized the staple gun and fired a volley at the retreating bird's tail to no apparent effect. Turning the gun, still holding down the trigger, he forced another bird out of its attack run. But they were fast running out of staples. He felt the magazine empty and opened it to allow Bruce Two to reload. Mr Malone, falling like a rock, realised the problem. The ripcord line had become tangled in a buckle and couldn't extend. He turned his head and bit through the line above the obstruction and then, gripping the frayed ends in his teeth, pulled hard. The parachute unfolded with a rustle and swelled, arresting his fall at the last possible moment. He looked down as he descended towards one of the piers and braced himself for the landing. He hit the ground and rolled, but the fresh wind driven by the tide then picked up the parachute and tried to tug it inland. Mr Malone was lurched off his feet by the pull and struggled to disconnect the parachute pack. Tearing off the last strap, he watched it waft upstream and breathed for the first time in what felt like hours. Then he got to his feet and looked around. The silver walls of the Barrier towered above him, but there was a small maintenance hatch nearby which was open. Mr Malone peered down into the darkness and unslung a small white fairy light from his belt. He flicked it on and looked up into the sky, but the Flying Malone was nowhere in sight. Mr Malone set his jaw and set off into the darkness to rescue his daughter. Roddy looked at the Jammy Dodger II 's control panel. \"Could you go through it one more time, please?\" he asked. Rita sighed and pointed to each control as she named it. \"Rudder, throttle, transmission, port bow thruster, port stern thruster, starboard bow thruster, starboard stern thruster, drogue, fuel pumps, ballast, headlights. But you know all this, Roddy.\" It was Roddy's turn to sigh. \"Yes, yes, I know. It's just that I feel better with you reminding me. Even if you can't use them.\" He sat in the pilot's chair and looked downcast. Rita put her one arm around his shoulders. \"It's not that hard,\" she said. \"It's just that…this has always been your boat,\" Roddy said. \"I mean, I know I've been on it a lot, but I've always felt that it was yours.\" \"Then you've been thinking wrong, Roddy. She's ours , not mine. She wouldn't even exist without you, or have you forgotten?\" Rita smiled at him. \"I know I've never thought of the Dodger as mine alone. I mean, for fun, but…not really.\" Roddy wasn't smiling back. His shoulders drooped as if he was physically bearing the burden he had unexpectedly had to carry thanks to Rita's injury. Rita knelt beside him and put her head on his shoulder. \"You can do this, Roddy. I know you can. You wouldn't want all my patient hours of teaching you to have gone to waste, do you?\" It was a joke and meant as such. Rita was pleased to see Roddy smile. \"I don't recall patience being much to do with it,\" he said. Rita kissed his cheek. \"You'll do fine, Roddy. I'm so sorry that this has to fall to you, but for what it's worth, there's nobody else I'd trust more. I know you can do it.\" Roddy kissed her back and stood up, looking across the harbour to where the barrel was being fitted out. Sunken boats had been salvaged and anything that could float had been built into two large outriggers, one either side of the battered hull. A street sign, illegible with age, had been attached as a rudder, its lines running to a system of pulleys controlled from a platform set high on the top of the barrel. Big Jack was standing on it, directing the work teams. \"Exciting, isn't it?\" Denny climbed over the rail and stood watching. \"Exciting. Yes. That's the word.\" Roddy shook his head. \"Would it be all right if I went with you?\" Denny looked at Rita shyly. \"It's just…I'd feel better that way. Algy's going with you two, isn't he?\" \"Yes,\" said Rita. \"Well, could I stay with him?\" The boy shifted his feet and looked hopeful. Rita smiled and ruffled Denny's hair. \"Sure you can, kid.\" Denny beamed. \"Thanks a million, Ms Malone! I'll go and pack my stuff!\" He dropped over the side and disappeared. \"Are you sure that's a good idea?\" asked Roddy. Rita put her arm around him again. \"Sure I'm sure, Roddy. Algernon and I can keep an eye on him. What's the worst that could happen?\" The interior of the Barrier pier was filled with the hum of high-voltage machinery and a steady background hiss of hydraulics. Pipes of every thickness and colour covered the walls, causing the few small lights to cast scattered patterns of shadow. Mr Malone crept forwards, his torch in one hand and a scrap of paper in the other. Jasper's handwriting was illegible at the best of times and the darkness wasn't helping. Mr Malone paused and squinted at the diagrams that were supposed to help him. Then he sighed, balled up the paper and tossed it over his shoulder. How hard could it be to just break this thing? Mr Malone squeezed through an open door into a quieter corridor and paused to check his bearings. There was an air duct set into the floor nearby, the metal grid lying slightly ajar. Next to it, a single word had been scratched into the floor by a hand as desperate as it was illiterate. Mr Malone stared at it for a while, trying to work out what it could mean. WIZL He smiled. Maybe this was something to do with that story Pegleg had told about an evil force inhabiting the barrier. Was that meant to be its name? Mr Malone picked up his torch and set off down the corridor. WIZL. He'd tell Jasper about that when they got back. He was sure his old friend would appreciate it. It was as he walked that a nasty thought germinated in his mind. He began rolling the word around in his head, trying out different pronunciations. Wy-zle. Wizzle. Wy-zel. Weezel. Weasel. Oh, no. Surely not? Mr Malone had no good memories of the creature once known as the Weasel. The memories he had were old but bitter. He thought about the last time he had confronted the Weasel and shivered. At least then he'd had some company. All of a sudden, Mr Malone felt lonely and endangered. \"Look on the bright side,\" he muttered to himself. \"Maybe he isn't here.\" He looked at the scratched letters and hoped so. He continued down the corridor to a door, which he pushed open and squeezed past. It was a small control room, although 'room' was a generous term to apply to something the size of a phone booth. A small glass window was set above the control panel, where it had rusted open. A small ceiling fan hung overhead. Mr Malone looked around and shivered. It reminded him too much of the Toad's lair from which he had tried to flood the city. He smiled at the irony that he was here now to do almost the same thing. He found a bundle of wires which reached the floor from the console and began laboriously mountaineering his way up it, equipment clanking, until he was able to step onto the small control panel. It wasn't especially complicated, but he still consulted Jasper's instructions. Throwing a switch made an LCD screen change from displaying the word 'AUTO' to 'MANUAL'. A klaxon sounded somewhere behind him and Mr Malone flinched, hoping that nobody else had noticed. \"Easy as cake,\" he muttered. \"Piece of pie.\" He crept across the controls, carefully stepping around any button which didn't look like it should be pressed, and risking a look out the window as it was ajar. It led into a sheer-sided concrete pit, sparsely lit and with the sound of rushing water far below. According to Jasper's almost-a-diagram, it was some kind of overflow chamber for the Barrier hydraulics. Mr Malone found the control he was looking for. It was evidently not one the designer wished to be pressed. A protective plastic box closed around it and Mr Malone was forced to pry it open and then jump on the red button several times before it clicked into place. The klaxon sounded again, more insistently this time, and the sound of water coming through the open window increased. A screen mounted high on one wall flashed a warning. Barrier Status: Open That was it. Mission accomplished. \"I hope this works, Rita,\" Mr Malone shook his head. \"For all our sakes.\" He dropped back to the floor of the control room and back out into the corridor. The rising sound of the water and the raucous bleat of the klaxon were more muted out here. \"Who are you?\" It was a voice barely above a whisper and seeming to come from the shadows themselves. Mr Malone froze and tried to switch on his flashlight again. \"Who's there?\" He looked around nervously. \"What's happening?\" \"My questions first.\" A shadow got up and sauntered towards him, its voice becoming more menacing. \"Why have you invaded my realm, little creature?\" The speaker stepped into the light. \"The Weasel!\" \"The very same.\" The creature loomed over Mr Malone, who began backing away. \"I recognise you, little creature. From whence did you come?\" \"Nowhere! Nowhere! I'm just here to...to save my daughter!\" The Weasel smiled patronisingly, sharp teeth glinting. \"If your daughter is here, little creature, I'm afraid you've wasted your time.\" \"No, no, Rita's not here! She's-\" Mr Malone stopped as he realised his mistake. He and Rita had brushed with the Weasel before and had barely escaped. \"Rita? Rita, Rita Rita, Rita, that sounds familiar.\" The Weasel's voice lowered again. \"And now I'm starting to recognise you, little creature. You caused me a great deal of trouble in the sewers. All those years ago...\" \"There's been a mistake!\" Mr Malone looked back to the control room door. He could just make it...if there was a distraction. \"Oh, yes- yours. You shouldn't have come back. The Weasel does not forget, little creature!\" The Weasel snarled. Mr Malone punched the button on his flashlight, which blazed into life. He slung it at the Weasel's head, forcing him to duck and cover his eyes from the light. By the time he recovered, Mr Malone was already ducking through the door into the control room. \"You can't get away! I'll catch you!\" The Weasel crashed through behind him. Mr Malone was hurriedly climbing the wires mounted on the wall, his heartbeat pounding in his ears. The Weasel followed. \"Not if I can help it!\" Mr Malone dropped his empty parachute pack, which wrapped around the Weasel's head. It bought him the time he needed. He scaled the wires almost to the roof and made a daring leap onto the nearest blade of the ceiling fan. It wobbled under him and he tried not to look down. \"You can't get away now, rat!\" The Weasel reached the top of the wires and braced himself for the jump. \"I don't need to,\" said Mr Malone. \"You didn't get me and Rita before. I'll not let you now.\" \"Then you die!\" The Weasel jumped. His weight made the fan rock alarmingly and Mr Malone staggered back around the central mounting as the Weasel recovered and came after him. He ran out onto the tip of one of the other blades, narrowly missing being caught. Mr Malone looked around and saw what he was looking for near the doorway. He jumped out into space and caught hold of the small box, his shoulders screaming in protest. He looked up as the Weasel reached the end of the fan blade. \"How much longer can you run, little creature?\" \"Long enough,\" replied Mr Malone. \"Long enough.\" And he switched on the fan. The Weasel seemed confused as first as to what was happening. The elderly electric motor whined into life, straining with the extra weight, but accelerating quickly as Mr Malone turned up the power. The Weasel was a blur, clinging onto one of the blade and being slid slowly towards the tip by the centrifugal forces. \"This one's for you, Rita,\" said Mr Malone. He turned the control to maximum and watched as the Weasel, with a despairing cry, was hurled off the fan and through the open window into the water-filled chamber beyond. Mr Malone clambered back into daylight and looked around. The Barrier had definitely been lowered and already the Thames was noticeably higher. The Flying Malone was bobbing about on the water a little way off. The Bruces had rowed a small yellow dinghy over to the pier and were tossing a staple to and fro when Mr Malone joined them. \"So you made it, mate?\" said Bruce Number One. \"It would seem so.\" Mr Malone blinked and looked up at the sky. \"Where did all the birds go?\" \"When you allowed the tidal surge up the river they all took off after it,\" said Bruce Number Two. \"Most of 'em anyway. The smart ones.\" He tossed the staple up and down and grinned nastily. \"All right, your boss-ship,\" said Bruce One. \"Come on, Bruce, let's get him back.\" \"Right you are, Bruce,\" said Bruce Two. \"Are you all right, mate?\" \"I'll be a lot better if this works.\" Mr Malone looked back at the barrier as the Bruces paddled them towards the plane. \"A lot better.\"[Chapter 7] Chapter Seven: Flushed Away Again Roddy's heart was in his mouth as he checked the controls again. Everything was still in order. Behind him, Rita helped Algernon check the cable ties. \"We're all set back here!\" she called. Roddy nodded. \"Everyone tie themselves in, then.\" He picked up a length of rope and tied it around his waist before helping Denny do the same. Thus secured to the railings of the boat, they waited and watched as the water level rose. The rushing of a rapid current could be heard from the other side of the barrier. \"Got any last-minute prayers for us, Algy?\" said Rita to Algernon. The young priest shrugged. \"I really, really hope that this works?\" \"How about 'forgive them, Lord, for they know not what they do?'\" shouted Big Jack from his steering platform atop the barrel. \"Well, I feel a lot better for that,\" said Roddy. He looked back to where the great barrel floated. Big Jack waved and assorted faces could be seen at the windows cut into the side. The outriggers creaked as the surface of the water rippled. The lake in the weir was rising fast, and the water had already submerged most of the town's docks. As Roddy watched, the main street went under water and houses flooded. Well, they were committed now. \"You should probably start your engines now,\" said Rita. \"Once the water overflows the barrier it'll be too late.\" Roddy opened the throttle. The boat wasn't really going anywhere, not while trying to tow the church barrel behind it, but he turned it slightly downrange anyway. Rita joined him and put a comforting hand on his shoulder, lowering her voice. \"Don't worry, Roddy. It's ninety percent instinct. Just relax and do what your reflexes tell you and it'll be all right.\" \"What about the other ten percent?\" \"Oh, half of it's skill, the other half is luck.\" Rita smiled. \"You'll see us right, Roddy. I trust you.\" Roddy tried to smile back. \"I'm glad one of us does. I've never done anything like this before.\" \"Neither have I.\" Rita stroked his shoulder. \"Try not to think about it, Roddy.\" \"Easy for you say,\" said Roddy. \"That comes naturally to you.\" Rita chuckled. \"You can't be that scared if you're still making jokes.\" Roddy grinned and hoped that hid the deep pit of pure terror that had built up inside him. Rita smiled sadly at him and wished she could be of more help to her partner. She kissed him for luck and squeezed his shoulder comfortingly. \"It's at the top!\" shouted Denny. \"We're going over!\" Roddy fixed his attention ahead. The weir was overflowing the barrier, and the boat bucked beneath his feet as the torrent caught it and bore it towards the raging waters of the trunk tunnel. He gunned the engines and steered them into the middle of the current, the barrel swinging into position behind the Jammy Dodger II as Big Jack worked the rudder. The steel cables creaked and the stress on them bent the railings slightly. Rita watched them like a hawk. Algernon looked back to his church, kicking up a colossal bow wave with its blunt face as it travelled down the trunk tunnel. Roddy watched the tunnel walls flash past and knew they had passed the litter trap. He thought about what they had found there and wondered what had happened to it all with the deluge. If the Mudlark had survived, it would be well ahead of them now. He straightened up the boat and concentrated on the floating debris. Most of it couldn't be avoided, but most of it wasn't a risk either. Scraps of wood bounced off the metal hull of the Jammy Dodger II , rebounded and clanged off the barrel behind them. Larger pieces of debris had to be dodged, but the cables screamed their protest with every turn. Sweat ran down Roddy's forehead and his eyes flickered from one possible obstacle to the next, assessing and acting as fast as he could. The tunnel walls moulded into a blur and he shook his head to refocus. The trunk turned to the south and Roddy heard the barrel slam into the wall. Big Jack's cursing could be heard even over the scraping of steel on brickwork and the crunching of the outriggers. Roddy didn't even want to think what was happening inside that improvised vessel, with scores of presumably-terrified people packed in with no way of even seeing if they were going to die. Roddy set his teeth as he brought them back into the current, coaxing the extra power out of the engines with a finesse that would have made Rita proud. A large piece of debris reared out of the water in front of them and he turned to avoid it. It wasn't fast enough and the Jammy Dodger II pinballed off it, lurching drunkenly before Roddy brought it back under control. But not fast enough. There was a scream behind him as Denny lost his balance and went overboard. His rope went taut as it reached its extension, but the current was too strong for the young boy to pull himself back. He was left bobbing along, head just above the surface, between the Dodger and the barrel. \"Denny!\" Rita ran to the rail and watched in horror. \"Help!\" Denny disappeared for a moment, sucked under by a momentary whirlpool created by the wake. Rita reached a decision and tore the sling from her shoulder. \"Rita! What are you doing?\" \"Hold her straight, Roddy!\" shouted Rita. She clambered onto the rail and launched herself into the water. Roddy stared as she reached Denny and struggled to take hold of him with her one good arm. Roddy grabbed Algernon by the shoulder and thrust him towards the wheel. \"You heard her!\" he ordered. \"Stay the course!\" 'What?\" Algernon took hold of the wheel uncertainly. \"Just keep her pointed down the tunnel!\" Roddy ran to the railing. \"Rita!\" He took hold of her rope and began pulling. Desperation gave him strength and Rita and Denny drew nearer, swimming frantically. \"Roddy!\" Rita reached out a hand to him. Roddy looked at it. It was her wounded arm, her good one was still wrapped tightly around Denny and trying to keep his head above water. There was nothing for it. Roddy reached down, hoping to take hold of her arm above the break. It didn't work. The boat lurched as his hand closed around her injured forearm. Rita shrieked in agony, a sound that clawed its way into Roddy's heart like fingernails on a blackboard. It was a horrible sound that he was sure would be replayed by his memory on the darker nights of the year, but there was no time for a second attempt. Rita's fingers clamped around his wrist like a vice and he reached over with his other arm, taking Rita by the shoulder and hauling her aboard. Denny collapsed, panting, in the stern. \"Are you all right?\" Denny nodded sadly and brought up a lungful of stormwater. \"Fine,\" he croaked. Roddy looked back to Rita. She was curled up against the side, clutching her arm and shivering. Her teeth were bared in a rictus of pain and despite her soaked fur Roddy could see the tears running from her eyes. \"Rita?\" He touched her shoulder. She was already shaking with shock and there was a bend in her arm where no bend should have been. \"I said…hold…her…straight…Roddy,\" she hissed. Roddy nodded desperately and ran back to the cockpit where he relieved Algernon. \"See what you can do for her!\" he shouted to the priest. Algernon left, kneeling between Rita and Denny. Roddy tried to clear his head and looked up. The tunnel roof had lifted. That could mean only one thing. They had to be getting close to home. Mr Malone stood on the edge of the Ratropolis fountain. The water had already overrun the docks and the whole city was knee-deep, disaster only averted by the sandbags packed tight across ground-floor doorways. The Flying Malone hung above the city. \"Where are they?\" he muttered. \"We can't take this flooding much longer.\" As if to underline the point, one of his new mobile phones drifted past, rotating as it hit a small eddy. Mr Malone might have been bothered by that, but he had more important things to worry about now. He looked up at the Floodgate Control Tower. Sid was a distant figure at the windows, waiting for the signal to shut the gate. Colin waded up to Mr Malone, a bright pink rubber ring around his considerable midriff. \"The, uh, water's getting pretty high, sir.\" \"I can see that, Col,\" said Mr Malone. \"Much higher and it'll start overrunning the bags, sir.\" \"I can see that as well, Col,\" said Mr Malone. \"I've got to give them as much time as possible. Do you see them, Jasper?\" He looked up. Jasper waved from the Flying Malone . \"Not yet, your worshipfulness!\" Mr Malone returned his gaze to the great trunk tunnel. It was strange looking out that way, normally blocked by the great steel floodgates. Last time they had been opened, the city had nearly been destroyed. He hoped that history wasn't about to repeat itself. \"There they are!\" Bruce Two was sitting up and pointing excitedly. \"I see 'em!\" Mr Malone looked. Something had just come around the corner was and bearing down on the city at high speed. \"We've got the shut the gates now, sir,\" said Colin. \"Any longer, and-\" \"I know, Col.\" Mr Malone sighed. He raised his arm and brought it down. Up in the control tower, Sid saw the gesture and threw the switch to begin cycling the gates down. Roddy was daring to hope again. He could see the city through the tunnel arch ahead- they had made it! But a second look put the fear back into his heart. The floodgate was closing. He stamped on the throttle, only to find it was already wide open. \"Come on! Move! Move!\" He urged the Jammy Dodger II onwards. The gate kept descending as they neared it and raced underneath. There was a crash behind him as the barrel came through, losing one of its outriggers in the process. The city loomed up ahead, its buildings islands in the high water. Roddy slammed the engines into reverse and turned hard to avoid a disastrous collision and breathed a sigh of relief as the keel scraped across the main square and the Jammy Dodger II came to rest alongside the fountain. Mr Malone was standing there and watching with a look of amazement on his face. Roddy was about to say something when a crash of wood and metal brought his attention behind him. The barrel, with its deeper draught, had hit the edge of the city and gone hard aground, shattering masonry as it came to a halt, Big Jack whooping in triumph. The floodgate finally closed and sealed and the water level began falling away as the city began to drain. Roddy saluted Mr Malone. The mayor shook his head in silent wonder. Algernon walked to the side of the boat and patted the railings as he stared about Ratropolis. \" Gratias tibi ago , domine ,\" he murmured. Denny joined him. \"Are we there, father?\" \"We're there, my son,\" said Algernon. \"We're there at last.\" Rita joined Roddy, walking weakly and still shivering from the pain. Roddy put his arm around her waist to steady her. \"See? Wasn't so bad after all,\" said Rita, her voice barely above a whisper. \"I never doubted myself for a moment,\" said Roddy. \"Liar,\" Rita grinned and leaned against him. She looked up and smiled in greeting to her father before finally allowing herself the luxury of passing out. Mrs Malone put a pitcher of milk on the table. The living room of the Malone house was quieter than usual, as the mayor had requisitioned it for an impromptu meeting. Algernon and Big Jack were there as were various luminaries of Ratropolis. Denny had turned up, as was his wont, and he had promptly disappeared off again with a group of the Malone children. Their play could be heard through the walls and occasionally intruded into the meeting like a fast-moving tornado. Mr Malone picked up the milk and offered it around. Jasper, who was quietly cadging the spare biscuits, took it and topped up his tea. \"I'm glad to see you got everyone back all right,\" said Mr Malone. \"I was a bit worried when Rita told me how many of you there were.\" \"So were we,\" said Big Jack. \"But it looks like I underestimated your girl's talents.\" Jasper coughed. \"I'd prefer to think of it as a team effort,\" he said. \"Right,\" said Algernon. \"I hear we've got to thank you for some heroics, your worship!\" Mr Malone waved a hand. \"Just doing my best.\" \"Well, it wouldn't have worked without you,\" said Algernon. \"Or without you, Roddy, we mustn't forget that! It's probably true to say- Denny, will you keep it outside!\" He glared at the door. Denny had just bowled into the room, followed closely by Shocky. \"Sorry, father!\" Denny looked at Algernon pleadingly. \"I just asked him about his name!\" \"A mistake many have made.\" Roddy said ruefully. \"I just wanted to show him, dad!\" said Shocky, waving the alligator clips. Mr Malone shook his head. \"I've said this before, son, it's not good for visitors.\" \" Now he says it,\" muttered Roddy. \"Sorry, dad.\" Shocky lowered the clips. Denny grinned. \"I don't know what you're happy about, young man,\" said Algernon, frowning severely. \"I think you owe the mayor an apology for disrupting his important meeting.\" \"Sorry, sir,\" said Denny sheepishly. They shut the door quietly. Algernon and Mr Malone exchanged long-suffering looks. \"What are we going to do with that one?\" said Mr Malone. \"He can look after himself,\" said Roddy. \"That's the problem,\" said Algernon. \"He'll need watching. I'll do what I can, of course, but still…\" \"Is there anyone he could stay with?\" asked Mr Malone. \"Any relatives here?\" The door opened again. \"Can Denny stay the night, dad? Dad, can he? Can he, dad?\" Shocky beamed. Mr Malone looked up to his wife. Mrs Malone smiled and gave him a small nod. \"Sure he can, son,\" said Mr Malone. \"Sure he can.\" \"That's very kind of you, your worship,\" said Algernon. \"It'll be good to get him off your hands for a bit,\" said Mr Malone. He watched Denny playing with his children and smiled at Mrs Malone knowingly. \"Just for a bit.\" \"How's the girl doing?\" asked Big Jack. \"She'll be all right,\" said Mrs Malone. \"She's probably woken up by now. I'll just take her up some tea.\" Roddy got to his feet with indecent haste. \"No, no! Allow me.\" Mrs Malone grinned. \"I knew you'd look after her, Roddy. Off you go, then.\" Rita was sitting up in bed when Roddy came in with the tea tray. \"You really don't have to do this,\" she said. \"It's only my arm that's broken.\" She gestured to her shoulder, which was shrouded in a clinical white bandage and sling. The arm itself was set in fresh plaster and one of Rita's siblings had already starting scrawling graffiti on it. \"Yes, and that's partly my fault,\" said Roddy. \"Sugar with your tea?\" \"You know how I like my tea,\" smiled Rita. \"And it's not your fault. You did what you had to do. You got us home. That was very good piloting, by the way, I don't think I congratulated you on that.\" Roddy passed her a steaming mug. \"Which means,\" Rita went on, \"You can stop playing Florence Nightingale now.\" \"What if I said I was enjoying it?\" Roddy grinned and poured himself some tea. \"You scared the daylights out of me back then.\" \"Someone had to go in,\" said Rita, shrugging. \"And Algernon wasn't exactly dressed for it, and you're not the strongest swimmer I know.\" Roddy blushed. \"Still…it surprised me that you'd do something so risky to save Denny. He could probably have been let go. Big Jack would have picked him up easily enough.\" \"Yeah…but…\" Rita sighed, remembering the feeling of rushing water about her body. Not unlike a situation she'd once been in. \"There should always be someone ready to step in. For me, it's always been my parents. It was dad who saved me when I went in as a child. I didn't want to let Denny go without. His parents might not be here, but someone had to do something. That's what parents do.\" Roddy raised an eyebrow. \"Rita Malone, are you really talking about parenthood?\" Rita raised her own eyebrow. \"So what if I am, Roddy St. James?\" \"Well, I've just never thought of you as…well…the maternal type.\" He shrugged. \"I'm sure there's a lot you've never thought of,\" Rita grinned at him mischievously. \"And what makes you think I wouldn't be the 'maternal type'?\" Roddy smiled nervously. \"Er…well, you just…I mean, you and children…you don't really seem like you'd go together well…\" \"I've looked after my brothers and sisters for years, Roddy. What makes you think I don't like kids?\" \"It's not so much that I didn't think you liked children, Rita,\" Roddy's smile widened uneasily. \"It's more that I didn't think you…well…\" \"You don't think I want them?\" Rita finished the sentence. Roddy conceded. \"Well, you've never really mentioned...anything...and I know your mother's always on at us about grandchildren but whenever she does you get that look on your face that you get whenever you don't want to talk about something.\" She reached over and gently took his hand. \"And why exactly has made you think that I don't want to have children, Roddy?\" Roddy froze and looked from their touching hands to her shining eyes, trying to think what to say. Then she burst out laughing. \"Oh, Roddy, if you could see your face right now!\" She wiped her eyes and patted his hand. \"I'm only joking, Roddy, don't be scared. I'm not saying now for goodness' sake! Besides, there are one or two things we'd need to do before you and I could start a family.\" \"I'd probably enjoy at least one of them,\" said Roddy, sighing. He shook his head and wondered whether to tell Rita what he had actually thought in that moment. That the emotion which had crowded his mind and frozen his face hadn't been fear but…he shivered and wondered at his own feelings. \"Denny'll fit right in,\" said Rita, apparently oblivious. \"Did you see him playing with Shocky and my other siblings? He's right at home.\" \"If he's anything like you, he'll do fine,\" said Roddy. \"Yeah, he'll be right.\" Rita put her cup down. \"Maybe one day we'll tell him what we found on the Mudlark …\" Roddy shook his head. \"I think he already knows, Rita.\" Rita nodded. \"Yeah. Yeah, you're right.\" Roddy smiled and kissed her. \"And it isn't often I hear you say that, so I'll quit while I'm ahead. I'll go and help your father shift those sandbags from the front door. Are you sure you'll be all right here?\" Rita rolled her eyes. \"What did I say about Florence Nightingale? Of course I'll be all right, Roddy, when am I not?\" Roddy looked pointedly at her arm. \"Oh, shut up.\" Rita grinned. Roddy stood up. \"And I didn't even have time to say anything,\" he said, moving towards the door. \"Like you needed to,\" Rita laughed. \"Go on, get lost if you're going.\" Roddy gave a theatrical sigh. \"I try to be nice to you and this is what I get. You know, sometimes you really do make things hard on me, Rita.\" \"Really?\" Rita raised a playful eyebrow and looked him up and down with her grin widening. \"How many have you got?\" The End.","LastChapter":"Chapter Seven: Flushed Away Again Roddy's heart was in his mouth as he checked the controls again. Everything was still in order. Behind him, Rita helped Algernon check the cable ties. \"We're all set back here!\" she called. Roddy nodded. \"Everyone tie themselves in, then.\" He picked up a length of rope and tied it around his waist before helping Denny do the same. Thus secured to the railings of the boat, they waited and watched as the water level rose. The rushing of a rapid current could be heard from the other side of the barrier. \"Got any last-minute prayers for us, Algy?\" said Rita to Algernon. The young priest shrugged. \"I really, really hope that this works?\" \"How about 'forgive them, Lord, for they know not what they do?'\" shouted Big Jack from his steering platform atop the barrel. \"Well, I feel a lot better for that,\" said Roddy. He looked back to where the great barrel floated. Big Jack waved and assorted faces could be seen at the windows cut into the side. The outriggers creaked as the surface of the water rippled. The lake in the weir was rising fast, and the water had already submerged most of the town's docks. As Roddy watched, the main street went under water and houses flooded. Well, they were committed now. \"You should probably start your engines now,\" said Rita. \"Once the water overflows the barrier it'll be too late.\" Roddy opened the throttle. The boat wasn't really going anywhere, not while trying to tow the church barrel behind it, but he turned it slightly downrange anyway. Rita joined him and put a comforting hand on his shoulder, lowering her voice. \"Don't worry, Roddy. It's ninety percent instinct. Just relax and do what your reflexes tell you and it'll be all right.\" \"What about the other ten percent?\" \"Oh, half of it's skill, the other half is luck.\" Rita smiled. \"You'll see us right, Roddy. I trust you.\" Roddy tried to smile back. \"I'm glad one of us does. I've never done anything like this before.\" \"Neither have I.\" Rita stroked his shoulder. \"Try not to think about it, Roddy.\" \"Easy for you say,\" said Roddy. \"That comes naturally to you.\" Rita chuckled. \"You can't be that scared if you're still making jokes.\" Roddy grinned and hoped that hid the deep pit of pure terror that had built up inside him. Rita smiled sadly at him and wished she could be of more help to her partner. She kissed him for luck and squeezed his shoulder comfortingly. \"It's at the top!\" shouted Denny. \"We're going over!\" Roddy fixed his attention ahead. The weir was overflowing the barrier, and the boat bucked beneath his feet as the torrent caught it and bore it towards the raging waters of the trunk tunnel. He gunned the engines and steered them into the middle of the current, the barrel swinging into position behind the Jammy Dodger II as Big Jack worked the rudder. The steel cables creaked and the stress on them bent the railings slightly. Rita watched them like a hawk. Algernon looked back to his church, kicking up a colossal bow wave with its blunt face as it travelled down the trunk tunnel. Roddy watched the tunnel walls flash past and knew they had passed the litter trap. He thought about what they had found there and wondered what had happened to it all with the deluge. If the Mudlark had survived, it would be well ahead of them now. He straightened up the boat and concentrated on the floating debris. Most of it couldn't be avoided, but most of it wasn't a risk either. Scraps of wood bounced off the metal hull of the Jammy Dodger II , rebounded and clanged off the barrel behind them. Larger pieces of debris had to be dodged, but the cables screamed their protest with every turn. Sweat ran down Roddy's forehead and his eyes flickered from one possible obstacle to the next, assessing and acting as fast as he could. The tunnel walls moulded into a blur and he shook his head to refocus. The trunk turned to the south and Roddy heard the barrel slam into the wall. Big Jack's cursing could be heard even over the scraping of steel on brickwork and the crunching of the outriggers. Roddy didn't even want to think what was happening inside that improvised vessel, with scores of presumably-terrified people packed in with no way of even seeing if they were going to die. Roddy set his teeth as he brought them back into the current, coaxing the extra power out of the engines with a finesse that would have made Rita proud. A large piece of debris reared out of the water in front of them and he turned to avoid it. It wasn't fast enough and the Jammy Dodger II pinballed off it, lurching drunkenly before Roddy brought it back under control. But not fast enough. There was a scream behind him as Denny lost his balance and went overboard. His rope went taut as it reached its extension, but the current was too strong for the young boy to pull himself back. He was left bobbing along, head just above the surface, between the Dodger and the barrel. \"Denny!\" Rita ran to the rail and watched in horror. \"Help!\" Denny disappeared for a moment, sucked under by a momentary whirlpool created by the wake. Rita reached a decision and tore the sling from her shoulder. \"Rita! What are you doing?\" \"Hold her straight, Roddy!\" shouted Rita. She clambered onto the rail and launched herself into the water. Roddy stared as she reached Denny and struggled to take hold of him with her one good arm. Roddy grabbed Algernon by the shoulder and thrust him towards the wheel. \"You heard her!\" he ordered. \"Stay the course!\" 'What?\" Algernon took hold of the wheel uncertainly. \"Just keep her pointed down the tunnel!\" Roddy ran to the railing. \"Rita!\" He took hold of her rope and began pulling. Desperation gave him strength and Rita and Denny drew nearer, swimming frantically. \"Roddy!\" Rita reached out a hand to him. Roddy looked at it. It was her wounded arm, her good one was still wrapped tightly around Denny and trying to keep his head above water. There was nothing for it. Roddy reached down, hoping to take hold of her arm above the break. It didn't work. The boat lurched as his hand closed around her injured forearm. Rita shrieked in agony, a sound that clawed its way into Roddy's heart like fingernails on a blackboard. It was a horrible sound that he was sure would be replayed by his memory on the darker nights of the year, but there was no time for a second attempt. Rita's fingers clamped around his wrist like a vice and he reached over with his other arm, taking Rita by the shoulder and hauling her aboard. Denny collapsed, panting, in the stern. \"Are you all right?\" Denny nodded sadly and brought up a lungful of stormwater. \"Fine,\" he croaked. Roddy looked back to Rita. She was curled up against the side, clutching her arm and shivering. Her teeth were bared in a rictus of pain and despite her soaked fur Roddy could see the tears running from her eyes. \"Rita?\" He touched her shoulder. She was already shaking with shock and there was a bend in her arm where no bend should have been. \"I said…hold…her…straight…Roddy,\" she hissed. Roddy nodded desperately and ran back to the cockpit where he relieved Algernon. \"See what you can do for her!\" he shouted to the priest. Algernon left, kneeling between Rita and Denny. Roddy tried to clear his head and looked up. The tunnel roof had lifted. That could mean only one thing. They had to be getting close to home. Mr Malone stood on the edge of the Ratropolis fountain. The water had already overrun the docks and the whole city was knee-deep, disaster only averted by the sandbags packed tight across ground-floor doorways. The Flying Malone hung above the city. \"Where are they?\" he muttered. \"We can't take this flooding much longer.\" As if to underline the point, one of his new mobile phones drifted past, rotating as it hit a small eddy. Mr Malone might have been bothered by that, but he had more important things to worry about now. He looked up at the Floodgate Control Tower. Sid was a distant figure at the windows, waiting for the signal to shut the gate. Colin waded up to Mr Malone, a bright pink rubber ring around his considerable midriff. \"The, uh, water's getting pretty high, sir.\" \"I can see that, Col,\" said Mr Malone. \"Much higher and it'll start overrunning the bags, sir.\" \"I can see that as well, Col,\" said Mr Malone. \"I've got to give them as much time as possible. Do you see them, Jasper?\" He looked up. Jasper waved from the Flying Malone . \"Not yet, your worshipfulness!\" Mr Malone returned his gaze to the great trunk tunnel. It was strange looking out that way, normally blocked by the great steel floodgates. Last time they had been opened, the city had nearly been destroyed. He hoped that history wasn't about to repeat itself. \"There they are!\" Bruce Two was sitting up and pointing excitedly. \"I see 'em!\" Mr Malone looked. Something had just come around the corner was and bearing down on the city at high speed. \"We've got the shut the gates now, sir,\" said Colin. \"Any longer, and-\" \"I know, Col.\" Mr Malone sighed. He raised his arm and brought it down. Up in the control tower, Sid saw the gesture and threw the switch to begin cycling the gates down. Roddy was daring to hope again. He could see the city through the tunnel arch ahead- they had made it! But a second look put the fear back into his heart. The floodgate was closing. He stamped on the throttle, only to find it was already wide open. \"Come on! Move! Move!\" He urged the Jammy Dodger II onwards. The gate kept descending as they neared it and raced underneath. There was a crash behind him as the barrel came through, losing one of its outriggers in the process. The city loomed up ahead, its buildings islands in the high water. Roddy slammed the engines into reverse and turned hard to avoid a disastrous collision and breathed a sigh of relief as the keel scraped across the main square and the Jammy Dodger II came to rest alongside the fountain. Mr Malone was standing there and watching with a look of amazement on his face. Roddy was about to say something when a crash of wood and metal brought his attention behind him. The barrel, with its deeper draught, had hit the edge of the city and gone hard aground, shattering masonry as it came to a halt, Big Jack whooping in triumph. The floodgate finally closed and sealed and the water level began falling away as the city began to drain. Roddy saluted Mr Malone. The mayor shook his head in silent wonder. Algernon walked to the side of the boat and patted the railings as he stared about Ratropolis. \" Gratias tibi ago , domine ,\" he murmured. Denny joined him. \"Are we there, father?\" \"We're there, my son,\" said Algernon. \"We're there at last.\" Rita joined Roddy, walking weakly and still shivering from the pain. Roddy put his arm around her waist to steady her. \"See? Wasn't so bad after all,\" said Rita, her voice barely above a whisper. \"I never doubted myself for a moment,\" said Roddy. \"Liar,\" Rita grinned and leaned against him. She looked up and smiled in greeting to her father before finally allowing herself the luxury of passing out. Mrs Malone put a pitcher of milk on the table. The living room of the Malone house was quieter than usual, as the mayor had requisitioned it for an impromptu meeting. Algernon and Big Jack were there as were various luminaries of Ratropolis. Denny had turned up, as was his wont, and he had promptly disappeared off again with a group of the Malone children. Their play could be heard through the walls and occasionally intruded into the meeting like a fast-moving tornado. Mr Malone picked up the milk and offered it around. Jasper, who was quietly cadging the spare biscuits, took it and topped up his tea. \"I'm glad to see you got everyone back all right,\" said Mr Malone. \"I was a bit worried when Rita told me how many of you there were.\" \"So were we,\" said Big Jack. \"But it looks like I underestimated your girl's talents.\" Jasper coughed. \"I'd prefer to think of it as a team effort,\" he said. \"Right,\" said Algernon. \"I hear we've got to thank you for some heroics, your worship!\" Mr Malone waved a hand. \"Just doing my best.\" \"Well, it wouldn't have worked without you,\" said Algernon. \"Or without you, Roddy, we mustn't forget that! It's probably true to say- Denny, will you keep it outside!\" He glared at the door. Denny had just bowled into the room, followed closely by Shocky. \"Sorry, father!\" Denny looked at Algernon pleadingly. \"I just asked him about his name!\" \"A mistake many have made.\" Roddy said ruefully. \"I just wanted to show him, dad!\" said Shocky, waving the alligator clips. Mr Malone shook his head. \"I've said this before, son, it's not good for visitors.\" \" Now he says it,\" muttered Roddy. \"Sorry, dad.\" Shocky lowered the clips. Denny grinned. \"I don't know what you're happy about, young man,\" said Algernon, frowning severely. \"I think you owe the mayor an apology for disrupting his important meeting.\" \"Sorry, sir,\" said Denny sheepishly. They shut the door quietly. Algernon and Mr Malone exchanged long-suffering looks. \"What are we going to do with that one?\" said Mr Malone. \"He can look after himself,\" said Roddy. \"That's the problem,\" said Algernon. \"He'll need watching. I'll do what I can, of course, but still…\" \"Is there anyone he could stay with?\" asked Mr Malone. \"Any relatives here?\" The door opened again. \"Can Denny stay the night, dad? Dad, can he? Can he, dad?\" Shocky beamed. Mr Malone looked up to his wife. Mrs Malone smiled and gave him a small nod. \"Sure he can, son,\" said Mr Malone. \"Sure he can.\" \"That's very kind of you, your worship,\" said Algernon. \"It'll be good to get him off your hands for a bit,\" said Mr Malone. He watched Denny playing with his children and smiled at Mrs Malone knowingly. \"Just for a bit.\" \"How's the girl doing?\" asked Big Jack. \"She'll be all right,\" said Mrs Malone. \"She's probably woken up by now. I'll just take her up some tea.\" Roddy got to his feet with indecent haste. \"No, no! Allow me.\" Mrs Malone grinned. \"I knew you'd look after her, Roddy. Off you go, then.\" Rita was sitting up in bed when Roddy came in with the tea tray. \"You really don't have to do this,\" she said. \"It's only my arm that's broken.\" She gestured to her shoulder, which was shrouded in a clinical white bandage and sling. The arm itself was set in fresh plaster and one of Rita's siblings had already starting scrawling graffiti on it. \"Yes, and that's partly my fault,\" said Roddy. \"Sugar with your tea?\" \"You know how I like my tea,\" smiled Rita. \"And it's not your fault. You did what you had to do. You got us home. That was very good piloting, by the way, I don't think I congratulated you on that.\" Roddy passed her a steaming mug. \"Which means,\" Rita went on, \"You can stop playing Florence Nightingale now.\" \"What if I said I was enjoying it?\" Roddy grinned and poured himself some tea. \"You scared the daylights out of me back then.\" \"Someone had to go in,\" said Rita, shrugging. \"And Algernon wasn't exactly dressed for it, and you're not the strongest swimmer I know.\" Roddy blushed. \"Still…it surprised me that you'd do something so risky to save Denny. He could probably have been let go. Big Jack would have picked him up easily enough.\" \"Yeah…but…\" Rita sighed, remembering the feeling of rushing water about her body. Not unlike a situation she'd once been in. \"There should always be someone ready to step in. For me, it's always been my parents. It was dad who saved me when I went in as a child. I didn't want to let Denny go without. His parents might not be here, but someone had to do something. That's what parents do.\" Roddy raised an eyebrow. \"Rita Malone, are you really talking about parenthood?\" Rita raised her own eyebrow. \"So what if I am, Roddy St. James?\" \"Well, I've just never thought of you as…well…the maternal type.\" He shrugged. \"I'm sure there's a lot you've never thought of,\" Rita grinned at him mischievously. \"And what makes you think I wouldn't be the 'maternal type'?\" Roddy smiled nervously. \"Er…well, you just…I mean, you and children…you don't really seem like you'd go together well…\" \"I've looked after my brothers and sisters for years, Roddy. What makes you think I don't like kids?\" \"It's not so much that I didn't think you liked children, Rita,\" Roddy's smile widened uneasily. \"It's more that I didn't think you…well…\" \"You don't think I want them?\" Rita finished the sentence. Roddy conceded. \"Well, you've never really mentioned...anything...and I know your mother's always on at us about grandchildren but whenever she does you get that look on your face that you get whenever you don't want to talk about something.\" She reached over and gently took his hand. \"And why exactly has made you think that I don't want to have children, Roddy?\" Roddy froze and looked from their touching hands to her shining eyes, trying to think what to say. Then she burst out laughing. \"Oh, Roddy, if you could see your face right now!\" She wiped her eyes and patted his hand. \"I'm only joking, Roddy, don't be scared. I'm not saying now for goodness' sake! Besides, there are one or two things we'd need to do before you and I could start a family.\" \"I'd probably enjoy at least one of them,\" said Roddy, sighing. He shook his head and wondered whether to tell Rita what he had actually thought in that moment. That the emotion which had crowded his mind and frozen his face hadn't been fear but…he shivered and wondered at his own feelings. \"Denny'll fit right in,\" said Rita, apparently oblivious. \"Did you see him playing with Shocky and my other siblings? He's right at home.\" \"If he's anything like you, he'll do fine,\" said Roddy. \"Yeah, he'll be right.\" Rita put her cup down. \"Maybe one day we'll tell him what we found on the Mudlark …\" Roddy shook his head. \"I think he already knows, Rita.\" Rita nodded. \"Yeah. Yeah, you're right.\" Roddy smiled and kissed her. \"And it isn't often I hear you say that, so I'll quit while I'm ahead. I'll go and help your father shift those sandbags from the front door. Are you sure you'll be all right here?\" Rita rolled her eyes. \"What did I say about Florence Nightingale? Of course I'll be all right, Roddy, when am I not?\" Roddy looked pointedly at her arm. \"Oh, shut up.\" Rita grinned. Roddy stood up. \"And I didn't even have time to say anything,\" he said, moving towards the door. \"Like you needed to,\" Rita laughed. \"Go on, get lost if you're going.\" Roddy gave a theatrical sigh. \"I try to be nice to you and this is what I get. You know, sometimes you really do make things hard on me, Rita.\" \"Really?\" Rita raised a playful eyebrow and looked him up and down with her grin widening. \"How many have you got?\" The End.","Summary":" Flushed Away is, of course, the creation and property of Aardman-type people and DreamWorksy folks.","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Adventure Romance - Chapters: 7   - Words: 28,619 - Reviews: 4 - Favs: 12 - Follows: 4 - Published: 2 23 2008 - id: 4092663 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Father to Daughter","Author":"TwistedMidnight","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9056822","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Two years after the mysterious mask of loki was thrown out of the life of Stanley Ipkiss He married his love Tina and 9 months after that he had a daughter Jenna only 12 years after that Tina divorced Stanley for another woman. And five years after that Stanley's daughter shows up at his house with a undressed parcel and let's just say some things father and daughters shouldn't share.[Chapter 2] \"Hey Ms. Peenman, what's shaking.\" The blond girl winked her pixie cut hair style indicating she didn't care what anyone thought. \"Shut it Ipkiss.\" The old hag turned almost wanting to hite the girl. \"No one talks like you anymore.\" The girl laughted her one arm pulled a brown suitcase behind her and the other had a big box in it. The girl walked past the old hag moving to knock on the door knowing her mom's girlfriend was probably just making it up the stairs. Behind the door the girl could here shuffling and someone getting hurting \"Just a moment!\" A male voice yelled. Then barking started happening. Knowing it would make the man even more stressed out she knocked again. \"Gees kiddie you want me to tell your mom your being stuck up again?\" Katrina said pissed at the girl. \"Go bother someone who cares bag.\" The girl responded. Before the woman could reply a man opened the door revealing it to be Stanley Ipkiss. \"Did I wake up in hell?\" Stanley asked when he saw Katrina. \"Stuff it Stanley.\" Katrina said. While the two stared each other off the girl went inside the apartment dropping the parcel on the floor only to be attacked by the small Jack Russell Territory while the older one layed on the couch his head bowed. \"Hi Milo and Milo Jr. How's my killer?\" The girl went onto her knees petting the littlest dog. \"Tina told me to tell you that your daughters grounded and isn't supposed to watch The T.v or leave your apartment, also she'll pick her up in two weeks, also change your address that stupid box came for you.\" Katrina stared at Stanley with daggers in her eyes as she said this. \"Fine bye.\" Stanley shut the door loudly enough for to give him heck. \"So Jenna what's new.\" Stanley asked his daughter who turned her back on him not saying anything. \"You still mad at for not letting you go with them?\" He asked. \"Dude it was the Bahamas what do you think?\" Jenna retorted saying it like it was obvious. \"Dude don't you mean dad or is that like an obsolete word you know like smart.\" Stanley joked trying to get a laugh out of his daughter, but stopped when he saw her face. \"No I'm not mad at you but moms another story.\" Jenna looked at her dad her eyes looking him up and down. \"What you do this time, besides cut off all your hair. Stanley asked concerned not noticing the change until know. \"Relax.\" she said \"Mom grounded me because of my hair and look.\" Jenna showed her dad the new piercing on the top part of her ear. \"Why would you...\" Stanley stopped when Jenna pulled the earring off revealing it to be a fake. \"The hairs also a fake its a wig.\"Jenna pulled the wig off her natural long blond hair going down. \"That's good, shoot I'm going to be late for the meeting, you gonna...\" Stanley put on his jacket looking at Jenna. \"Go I'll be fine.\" \"I promise we'll have supper tonight.\" And with that Stanley walked out of the door not even curious what was in the parcel, but little did he know tonight was going to be Sssssmokin. Since you guys wanted it I posted it. I'm just glad there is still some people who love The Mask like I do.[Chapter 3] \"You'll never get me I'll tell ya never.\" The voice on the tv sounded while a man ran from the cops. \"Never get you, guess what I've seen this movie and they do buddy.\" Jenna spoke her mouth full of Chinese food. \"How's school been.\" Stanley asked watching his daughters expression as she watched the old movie in black in white. \"Schools been ok?\" Jenna stated even though it seemed more like a question. When Stanley was about to complain Milo junior jumped on his knee licking his face, the younger dog had a habit of licking people especially when he wanted food. \"Down boy down, bad dog.\" Stanley ordered getting a whimpering sound from the little dog making him jump from his lap. \"Jenna you have seriously have to do something with this dog you know I didn't want him.\" \"Hey don't blame me if old Milo over there hadn't had a little fun with Betty Olson's dog across the street we wouldn't have my little killer.\" Jenna replied as she picked the little dog off the floor. Before anyone said anything next the phone rang making both stand to get it. \"Dad its ok, I'll get that why don't you open that parcel, I'm dying to find out what's in it.\" When Jenna went to get the phone she turned from her dad saying it was her mom. Stanley moved to the parcel putting it on the table. The box was brown and ordinary but yet something drew Stanley to it. Taking a pair of scissors he moved to use one blade opening the parcels top. Inside the box was another box except this one was red and had a dark old look to it making it look authentic a note was attached to the top of the box. Your the only one who can resist the temptation and control it, keep it safe. - A common friend. The note was crumpled like someone had thrown it out only to decide the note should be put in. Wondering what could be so special that Stanley needed to protect whatever was in the box he opened the red box whatever was in it was covered in cloth, Stanley lifted the object which was light he took the cloth off only to see the thing that ruined and made his life better. The Mask of Loki.[Chapter 4] \"Dad what's wrong.\" Jenna Asked as she hung up the phone going to her dad's side. \"What oh nothing Jenna.\" Stanley stuttered as he put the mask back shutting the box so Jenna couldn't see it. Jenna looked at her dad suspicion in her eyes \"Dad come on its me, you can show me what's in that box.\" \"What do you mean, there's nothing in there as a matter of fact It's solid.\" Stanley stuttered as he tapped the box showing that it wasn't hollow. \"Ok if you say so.\" Jenna pretended to turn, only to turn back grabbing the box from her dad ignoring his protests she opened the box holding up the Mask as if to say I told ya so. \"How much you think I can get for something like this, or I could use it for my language arts project.\" Jenna said walking around the apartment as her dad tried to take it away. When Stanley finally got the mask back he took it put it back in the box and locked it with a padlock on the table. \"Jenna don't touch that ok don't even go near it you got it.\" Stanley told her strictly. \"Sure dad, no problem.\" Jenna spoke half heatedly. \"I got to go, Charlie wanted me to finish the Moris bill.\" Stanley pronounced putting the box in the closet that always said Keep Out. \"Remember.\" Stanley started. \"Don't go anywhere near the mask, go have fun at the office but not to much fun young man I expect you home at 3 am sharp.\" Jenna joked. \"Bye Jens.\" Stanley shut the door walking out of the building into his old beat up car. When Jenna was sure he was down the street Jenna went into the closet and picked up the box putting it up on the table. Then she turned to Milo Jr., when the dog saw her he lifted up his head running to Jenna for her to pick him up. \"You see that bad bad box?\" She showed the dog \"it has a bad bad lock, go find the spare keys.\" Jenna kneeled putting the dog on the floor only to get a growl out of old Milo which made his son cringe in fear. \"Come on boy find the keys, and there's a big juicy bone in it for you.\" She bribed which made the younger dog run to the material that they called a mat located by the door. Jenna followed the dog lifting it up to pick up the keys.\"Under the mat? This sure doesn't sound like a bad movie.\" She muttered to herself. Jenna stood back up moving to the box putting the keys into it Jenna lifted the lid taking the mask out Jenna went to the mirror hanging on the wall lifting the mask to her face. \"I'll never be anything more than pathetic?\" Jenna muttered to herself. Before she was going to say more the mask lite up almost like it wanted her to put it on. Her rational side was telling her that her dad would be mad if she put it on because she wasn't even supposed to go near it, but her other side was yelling do it do it you know ya want do it Jenna its not going to do anything its just a mask. \"Screw being rational.\" Jenna said putting on the mask. All she could feel was pain the mask seemed to consume her face before she knew it her body was going into twisters like a huge tornado had been unleashed in the room papers flew everywhere and stuff got knocked down only to go straight out the door not stopping once.[Chapter 5] I'm so sorry guys but I will no longer be writing. I know I suck but I am so over this story. But never fear the new author of this story is Dec181985 who willow be your mask writer. Thank you so much for being loyal fans to me and I hope you treat Dec the same way you treated me. The story will still be posted on my account. \"Milo..Milo stop it...\" Jenna complained pushing the young dog that was licking her face. Before she knew it she bolted up around the apartment frantically only for her eyes to stop and go wide. \"What happened? It looks like a tornado went through here!\" she said, looking at the mess that she created. Jenna then started spinning around until she was dressed in a maid's outfit. \"How am I doing this?\" she asked, curiously. Then, she stopped to look in the hallway mirror. She noticed that her face was green and a big smile formed on her face. She liked what she saw. \"S-s-smokin'!\" she said, excitedly. Jenna zipped around the apartment, cleaning up the mess she made. After she was done cleaning up, Jenna stopped by the mirror again. \"Man, I look good in green! I wonder what else I can do! Look out world, cause The Mask is back in town!\" she said, zipping out of the apartment building. When she stopped, she was wearing she was wearing a sparkling yellow dress. As she was heading out to have a night on the town, a group of thugs appeared right in front of her blocking her every move. \"Hey, babe, you got the time?\" the leader asked, curiously. \"As a matter of fact, I do! It says it's ten seconds before I honk your nose and pull your underwear over your head!\" The Mask said, excitedly. When the timer stopped, The Mask honked the leader's nose and pulled his underwear over his head. \"Don't just stand there! Get her!\" the leader said, trying to get his underwear off the top of his head. They stopped when they saw The Mask spinning around in a mini tornado. When she stopped, she was holding out a bunch of weapons at the thugs. \"You've got to ask yourselves one question, 'Do I feel lucky?' Well do you, punks?\" she said, ready to fire the weapons. The thugs ran away making sure she wasn't following them. Just then, The Mask fired the weapons, but all that came out was a bunch of flags with the word 'BANG' written on them. \"Dad, you've got some explaining to do!\" she said, excitedly. Then she headed back to the apartment building. The following day, Jenna woke up to find out she had a big migraine. \"What happened last night?\" she asked herself, curiously. Then she quickly got up to find a mirror only to find that her face was back to normal. \"It was only a dream!\" she said, looking at the box with the mask in it. Then she headed to the closet and put it back where she found it. She kept the key just in case it wasn't a dream. Then, she heard a knock on the door and went to answer it.[Chapter 6] Jenna opened the door to find a man in a brown suit. \"Hi, my name is Mitch Kellaway!\" the man said. \"Well, what can I do for you Mr. Kellaway?\" Jenna asked, confused. \"Is your dad here?\" Kellaway asked, curiously. \"No, he's out of town! He won't be back until tomorrow!\" Jenna told him. \"Well, if you see him, tell him I came here to apologize!\" Kellaway told her. \"What for?\" Jenna asked, curiously. \"For thinking he's a fictional person called 'The Mask'!\" Kellaway said. \"What does this 'Mask' character look like?\" Jenna asked him. \"Well, he had a green head and always changing costumes! I talked to a psychologist and he said it was onlly a figment of my imagination!\" Kellaway said. \"Oh, was he dangerous?\" Jenna asked, curiously. \"Well, when a was lieutenant, I imagined him as a very dangerous criminal!\" Kellaway told her. 'Maybe it wasn't a dream after all!' Jenna thought to herself. \"Well, it was nice talking to you! I'll see you around Miss Ipkiss!\" Kellaway said. \"Please call me Jenna, Miss makes me sound old!\" Jenna said. \"Okay, if you see your dad, Jenna, tell him I said, 'hello'!\" Kellaway told her. \"\"I will!\" Jenna told him. When Kellaway left, Jenna went to the closet and got out the box that had the mask in it. She took out the key, and unlocked the box. She brought the mask to her face but nothing happened. \"That's funny, it worked last night!\" Jenna said to herself. Then, a thought came to her head. 'Maybe it only works at night!' Jenna thought. She was getting pretty hungry. She looked in the fridge, found some Chinese food and heated it up. After she was done eating, she noticed it was getting dark. She was so excited cause she knew what that meant. \"Now it's time to see if what I thought is true!\" Jenna told herself. She went over, picked up the mask and brought it to her face. Jenna was so excited when the mask latched onto her face and when her body started spinning around like a tornado. When the tornado stopped, The Mask was back and she was wearing the same sparkling yellow dress, now with matching gloves and slippers. \"Now it's time to make a wish!\" The Mask said, happily. Just then, from out of nowhere there was a wishing well in front of her. \"I wish I was this way forever!\" The Mask said. After she made her wish, she grabbed her face and pulled at the mask but nothing happened. \"My wish came true! But now I shall go by the name Lady Green!\" she said, happily. Lady Green took out a sledgehammer and busted the wishing well. \"Now, that that's done, time to have some fun!\" Jenna said, heading into town.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 When Lady Green was walking down the street, she noticed a bunch of people staring at her. \"What are you all staring at?\" Lady Green asked, angrily. Then she remembered something Kellaway said. \"So this psychiatrist thinks I'm a figure of someone's imagination, well I'll show him! But first-\" she said, with a huge grin on her face. Just then bags of sleeping bags appeared and burst open causing everyone that were staring at her to fall asleep. Lady Green looked in a phone book and found out there was only one psychiatrist in Edge City. His name was Dr. Neuman. When Lady Green got to Dr. Neuman's office, the doors burst open. \"Umm, do you have an appointment?\" Dr. Neuman said, looking at some papers on his desk. Then, he looked up to see Lady Green's green face. \"You're face is green! Are you sick?\" Dr. Neuman asked, curiously. \"Yeah, I'm sick! Sick of you!\" Lady Green said, angrily. \"I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to ask you to leave!\" Dr. Neuman said, angrily. \"Fine! I'm leaving right now!\" Lady Green said, walking out the door. As she was leaving, she noticed a package appearing out of nowhere. \"Oh, by the way, a package came for you!\" she told Dr. Neuman. Dr. Neuman picked up the package, opened it and a boxing glove came out sending him flying through the air. The next morning, Stanley came home only to find an empty box that he put the mask in. \"Jenna, get down here this instant!\" he shouted, angrily. Lady Green zipped down stairs to greet her father. \"How are you wearing the mask when it only works at night?\" Stanley asked, confused. \"So you knew the whole time?\" Lady Green asked, angrily. \"Yeah! But that's not the point! I'm going to take that mask off your face right now!\" Stanley said, grabbing at the mask. Stanley pulled as hard as he could but the mask wasn't coming off. \"Well, I'd like to stay here and have fun, but I got places to go, people to see! Catch you on the flip side!\" Lady Green said, zipping out the door. Just then, she got an idea. \"Now I can go to the Bahamas, meet Mom and show her the new me!\" Lady Green said, happily. When she saw her mom, she went to greet her.[Chapter 8] When Tina saw Lady Green, she was shocked at what she saw. \"Who are you?\" Tina asked, curiously. \"You don't even recognize your own daughter?\" Lady Green asked. \"Jenna, is that you?\" Tina asked, confused. \"The one and only!\" Lady Green said, excitedly. \"You're supposed to be grounded!\" Tina said, angrily. Just then, Katrina walked up to them seeing Lady Green with a huge grin on her face. \"Get away from Tina, you green-faced freak!\" Katrina said, angrily. \"Now that's not nice to call me names Katrina!\" Lady Green said. \"Who are you? How do you know my name?\" Katrina asked, confused. \"It's Jenna!\" Tina said. \"No, it's not! Jenna doesn't have a green face!\" Katrina said. \"She's wearing the mask!\" Tina said, politely. \"What mask?\" Katrina asked, curiously. \"You know that package you sent to my dad?\" Lady Green asked. \"You mean the one that was left in the hallway?\" Katrina asked. \"That's the one!\" Lady Green said, excitedly. \"Well, if it's a mask, I'm going to take it off!\" Katrina said, grabbing Lady Green's face. When it didn't come off, Tina looked confused. \"It usually comes off! It came off when Stanley wore it!\" Tina said. \"You mean you knew about this mask the whole time and didn't tell me about it!\" Katrina said, angrily. \"I thought Stanley got rid of it by throwing it in a river!\" Tina said. \"Is this the same one?\" Katrina asked, curiously. \"It was a wooden mask with a metal piece for the nose!\" Tina said. \"Well, that proves it! I'm wearing it right now!\" Lady Green said, excitedly. \"But how? Stanley said it can only be worn at night!\" Tina remembered. \"Well, that's my little secret!\" Lady Green said. Katrina grabbed at Lady Green's face again and it still didn't come off. Just then, a circus cannon appeared. Lady Green grabbed Katrina and put her in the cannon Then, she lit the fuse causing Katrina to go flying through the air. Suddenly out of nowhere, a brick wall appeared and Katrina crashed into it. Lady Green grabbed Tina and went back to Stanley's apartment so they could talk in private.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 When Stanley stepped out of his apartment, he was surprised to see Tina and Lady Green coming towards him. \"What the heck is going on?\" Stanley asked, confused. \"I'm trying to get you to back together!\" Lady Green said. \"Honey, I have Katrina now! She makes me happy!\" Tina said. \"Why can't Dad make you happy!\" Lady Green asked, curiously. \"Because your father is a loser!\" Tina said. \"What's that supposed to mean?\" Stanley asked, furiously. \"If you hadn't found that mask, our daughter wouldn't be wearing it right now!\" Tina said, angrily. \"So it's all my fault that she didn't obey me when I told her to stay out of the box?\" Stanley asked. \"Yes. You could have thrown it out, instead of keeping it!\" Tina said. \"I didn't want anyone else to find it!\" Stanley said. \"Quit it! Both of you!\" Lady Green said, angrily. Then, she pulled a whip out of nowhere. \"Now will you behave or do I have to get violent?\" she asked. \"No! We'll behave!\" Tina and Stanley said in unison. \"Good! Now kiss!\" Lady Green said. \"Why?\" they both asked. \"No questions! Just do it! Don't make me use this!\" Lady Green told them. Tina and Stanley kissed each other for a short time. \"I think I'm starting to love you again!\" Tina told Stanley. \"Me too!\" Stanley told Tina. \"I need to tell Katrina, that we're getting back together!\" Tina said. \"I'll take you to her!\" Lady Green offered. Then, Lady Green took Tina back to the beach to see Katrina. Katrina didn't look happy. \"If you don't do something about that girl of yours, then I'll do it myself!\" she said, furiously. \"Don't you touch my daughter, you hag!\" Tina said. \"Or you'll do what?\" Katrina asked. \"Alright you asked!\" Tina said, leaving Katrina standing alone on the beach. Lady Green and Tina headed back to Stanley's place. Stanley had something special planned for Tina.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 When we return to Lady Green and her family, we find Stanley on his knees in front of Tina. Just then he pulls out a ring. \"Tina, will you marry me?\" Stanley asked, curiously. \"Of course!\" Tina said, excitedly. A few weeks later, it was the day of the wedding. Mayor Tilton read them their vows. \"Stanley, do you take Tina to be your lawful wedded wife?\" Mayor Tilton asked Stanley. \"I do!\" Stanley replied, happily. \"Tina, do you take Stanley to be your lawful wedded husband?\" Mayor Tilton asked Tina. \"I do!\" Tina replied, happily. \"Then by the power invested in me, I now pronounce you husband and wife! You may now kiss the bride!\" Mayor Tilton said, excitedly. Stanley and Tina kissed for 30 seconds then went back to Stanley's apartment. Years had gone by since the wedding. Tina had a little boy they named Stanley Jr. Stanley was now bank manager. He was now living with Tina and their two kids in a huge mansion. Lady Green and her brother always got a long with each other. They were always keeping each other safe. Tina and Stanley were proud to be the parents of two special kids and they were getting along with each other without fighting. Lady Green was never happier than she was right now, and nothing was going to change her mind. Stanley Jr. couldn't agree more.","LastChapter":"Chapter 10 When we return to Lady Green and her family, we find Stanley on his knees in front of Tina. Just then he pulls out a ring. \"Tina, will you marry me?\" Stanley asked, curiously. \"Of course!\" Tina said, excitedly. A few weeks later, it was the day of the wedding. Mayor Tilton read them their vows. \"Stanley, do you take Tina to be your lawful wedded wife?\" Mayor Tilton asked Stanley. \"I do!\" Stanley replied, happily. \"Tina, do you take Stanley to be your lawful wedded husband?\" Mayor Tilton asked Tina. \"I do!\" Tina replied, happily. \"Then by the power invested in me, I now pronounce you husband and wife! You may now kiss the bride!\" Mayor Tilton said, excitedly. Stanley and Tina kissed for 30 seconds then went back to Stanley's apartment. Years had gone by since the wedding. Tina had a little boy they named Stanley Jr. Stanley was now bank manager. He was now living with Tina and their two kids in a huge mansion. Lady Green and her brother always got a long with each other. They were always keeping each other safe. Tina and Stanley were proud to be the parents of two special kids and they were getting along with each other without fighting. Lady Green was never happier than she was right now, and nothing was going to change her mind. Stanley Jr. couldn't agree more.","Summary":" Two years after the mysterious mask of loki was thrown out of the life of Stanley Ipkiss He married","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English -  Stanley I. The Mask - Chapters: 10   - Words: 3,994 - Reviews: 15 - Favs: 6 - Follows: 6 - Updated: 9 30 2013 - Published: 2 28 2013 - Status: Complete - id: 9056822 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Misty Starbucks and the mask","Author":"dec181985","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12043790","Passage":"[Chapter 1] On a time like no other, there was a girl named Misty Starbucks, who was 21 years old, walking to the library to check out some books on different cultures. You see, she liked to read about how other people lived back in the day. As she was looking, she saw a book about Norse mythology and decided to check it out among other books. After going to the library, she decided to go to the store to buy some bleach to dye her hair. She had dark red hair and she wanted it blonde with blue streaks. After getting home, she went into the bathroom to bleach her hair. After she was done, she sat down to read the book about Norse mythology. When she got to the page about the mask of Loki, it caught her attention. She read about how it gave people the power to do anything they wanted. As she got got done reading, a big smile formed on her face. She remembered seeing a mask like that at a museum. After putting the book down, she rushed out of her house and headed towards the museum. She wanted the mask so she could get her revenge on all the bullies who tortured her in school. When she got to the museum, she saw a sign with an arrow saying, \"This way to the mask of Loki.\" When she noticed there were no guards around, she headed to the spot where the mask of Loki was. She saw another sign saying, \"Steal me.\" So she picked it up and walked out of the museum. As she got home, she looked at the mask with disappointment. \"Why would they have the original mask at a museum? I bet this is just a piece of wood,\" she said, tossing it into garbage. She saw it was getting dark and she thought she saw a green glow coming from the garbage can. She fished the mask out of the can and looked at the mask again. \"Well, maybe, I'll try it on just to see if it's the right one,\" she said, bringing it to her face. As the mask got closer to Misty's face it jumped out of her hands and latched onto her face. \"Help me!\" Misty started to scream, but no one could hear her. She was now spinning in a tornado destroying everything in her path. When the tornado stopped, Misty looked different she was before. For starters, her face was a bright green color. She had longer hair, and she was wearing the same outfit Sakura Haruno wore in the Naruto series. \"Smokin'!\" Misty said, as she looked in the mirror, which was in the bathroom. \"Man, I look good and I thought it was a fake. How stupid of me! Now to test it out,\" She said, leaving her house. While she was heading out, she remembered other things. One thing was her parents disowned her after the fact that she was making more money than they were and the fact she wasn't into guys because she liked other girls. The other thing was she was abducted by aliens when she was younger and their leader, Gargantua, threw her out because she thought she too ugly. \"I'll get those guys back too, if it's the last thing I do,\" Misty said, walking into the night.[Chapter 2] When Misty got to town, she saw a group of boys that looked familiar. Then, she remembered who they were. They were the bullies that bullied her in school and she was ready to get her revenge. Then, she saw a girl a little younger than she was and she was being harassed by the bullies. \"Okay guys, get ready to feel my wrath!\" Misty said, getting ready to pounce. When one of the bullies saw her, he pulled out a knife. \"You're going to die, you freak!\" he said, holding the knife in his hand. When she got closer to the bully, he jabbed her with the knife which she turned into a banana. \"Why, thank you! I needed a little potassium in my diet,\" she taunted, making the bully madder than he already was. He lunged at her, but before he knew it, she had grabbed his underwear and pulled it over his head. Before the other bullies saw her, they too had their underwear over their heads. When Misty looked directly at the girl, her head turned into a wolf's head and she started to whistle. \"Hey good looking, what's your name?\" Misty asked, still looking at the girl. \"My name is Mya Lipchitz, thanks for saving me,\" she said, looking at her. \"It was my pleasure. By the way, my name is Misty,\" Misty told her, a big smile forming on her face. \"Well, it's very nice to meet you,\" Mya said, winking at her. \"It's very nice to meet you, too,\" Misty said, winking back. Then, Misty grabbed Mya's hand and headed home. When she got there, she sat Mya down on a chair. \"Will you wait for me until I get back?\" Misty asked. \"I'll be right here,\" Mya told her. Soon after, Misty left her home and began to look around. She headed to her parents' house to teach them a lesson. When she got there, she hid in the closet and waited for them to get home.[Chapter 3] When we return to Misty, we find her still in the closet. Soon after, her parents arrive home and her father opens the closet to find Misty. \"Who the heck are you?\" her father asked. \"I'm your worst nightmare,\" Misty said, lunging at him. \"Joe, be careful,\" her mother told her father. \"I'll try, Angie!\" Joe told her mother. Quick as a cheetah, Misty grabbed Joe's underwear and pulled it over his head. \"How dare you do that to my husband,\" Angie said, grabbing a shotgun from the closet. Misty started bouncing across the room like a maniac. \"Hold still,\" Angie said, firing the gun. Misty kept bouncing until she bounced out the window. When Misty left, Angie found a box in front of her. When she opened the box, a pie on a spring came out and hit her in the face. When Misty was done, she spun around until she was dressed as Supergirl and started flying around until she found a spaceship. Misty knew it belonged to Gargantua, and flew into a open hatch. \"I've been waiting for you, my dear,\" Gargantua said, talking to Misty. Just then, Gargantua's robot assistant, Sal came in and started acting all hyper. \"I saw a squirrel! I saw a squirrel!\" Sal said, as she approached her master. \"Enough!\" Gargantua shouted. Soon after, Misty got to the controls and made the spaceship crash. When she got off, she headed home. When she got home, she took off the mask and went to sleep. Mya, who was still sitting in the chair, got up and went to take a shower. Meanwhile, Gargantua used her radar to find where Misty lived. When she got there, she went into Misty's room and grabbed the mask. After she left, she got aboard her ship. While aboard, she raised the mask to her face. It jumped out of her hands and latched onto her face. Then, she started spinning around in a tornado knocking everything off the ship. When the tornado stopped, Gargantua looked totally different. For starters, her face was a bright green color. She was wearing a light blue bikini. She had fingers like snakes and spiders in her hair. When she got to a mirror, she looked excited. \"Smokin'!\" Gargantua said, liking her new look. Just then, she remembered all the good aliens that wanted to make peace with the humans. \"I will destroy them all!\" she said, heading toward her home planet[Chapter 4] When we return to Gargantua, we find her heading for her home planet. When she got there, she saw a bunch of aliens gathered around in the middle of town. Then, she headed to the front of the line. While she was heading for the front, she was mauled by more aliens. \"Ooh, you'll pay for that!\" she said, when she got to the front of the line. \"What are you doing here?\" one of the aliens asked. \"Who are you?\" another asked. \"I'm your worst nightmare,\" Gargantua said. She got to her ship, she got aboard, and turned on all the missiles and got ready to fire them. \"Now to destroy your miserable planet,\" she said, firing all the missiles. Soon after, the planet blew up destroying all the aliens on it. Then she went to more planets and destroyed them too. A few moments later, she remembered what Misty did to her ship. \"Now it's time to get my revenge on that human girl,\" she said, heading to Misty's home. When, Misty heard a noise outside her home, she liked out the window and saw a familiar spaceship. Mya came out of the bathroom, washing her black hair, with white streaks in it. \"What is it?\" she asked. \"Gargantua's back,\" Misty said, pointing at the spaceship. Then, Gargantua got off the ship, and Mya noticed her green face. \"We have to get the mask off her face,\" Mya told Misty. \"I know, but how?\" Misty said, as Gargantua headed towards her home.[Chapter 5] When we return to Misty, we find her trying to figure out how to get the mask off of Gargantua. Then, she got an idea. As Gargantua approached Misty's home, she was just looking for the right moment to get her revenge. \"You're going down, little girl,\" Gargantua said, getting ready to attack. \"What's the matter, can't beat me without the mask on?\" Misty asked, mocking her. \"Huh?\" Gargantua asked, a little confused. \"Do you know how to beat me without the mask or are you just scared?\" Misty asked, still mocking her. \"Scared, who you calling scared?\" Gargantua asked, angrily. \"If you're not scared, try beating me without the mask on,\" Misty said, challenging her. \"Okay, I will,\" Gargantua said, getting ready to remove the mask. Gargantua reached towards her face and pulled the mask off. Mya grabbed the mask and ran as fast as she could. \"After her!\" Gargantua said, calling forth her minions. Just then, all of Gargantua's minions came forth and blocked Mya from all sides making it hard for her to go anywhere. Seeing there was no way to go, Mya brought the mask to her face. Soon after that, Mya's body started spinning around in a tornado. When the tornado stopped, we find a brand new Mya. For starters, Mya's face was a bright green color. Her hair was longer than before, she had on the same outfit as Kureha Suzuka from Tokko. When she got to a mirror, she looked at her reflection. \"Smokin'!\" she said, liking her new look. After she got done admiring her new look, Gargantua's minions surrounded her again. Mya turned into a bowling ball, knocking all of Gargantua's minions out. \"Now that's what I call a strike!\" Mya said, moving onto Gargantua. Gargantua looked scared. \"Don't you worry Gargantua, you're next!\" Mya said, getting ready to attack.[Chapter 6] When we return to Mya, Misty and Gargantua, we find Gargantua heading back to her ship. Once inside, she launched all her missiles at Mya. Mya jumped on the spaceship and started running in circles. When she jumped off, she changed into a baseball player and sent the spaceship flying. Misty than grabbed Mya's face and took the mask off. It landed in front of them. Mya and Misty decided to get rid of it. So they went to a nearby river and tossed it in. When we return to Joe and Angie's house, Angie decided to go for a walk by the river. Once she got there, she saw something in the river and fished it out. \"What a strange looking mask, I think I'll take it home with me,\" Angie said, taking the mask back home. Once there, she decided to take a shower to clear her head. She washed her blonde her with shampoo and conditioner. When she got out of the shower, she decided to take one last look at the mask. When she picked up the mask, she noticed an odd glow. Then, she brought it to her face. When the mask touched her skin, it made a sucking sound making her pull it away. Soon after that, she saw it glow again and brought it to her face again. The mask jumped out of her hands and latched itself onto her face. She tried to pull it away again, but couldn't causing her body to spin around in a tornado. When the tornado stopped, we find a new and improved Angie. Angie's hair was longer, and her face was a bright green color. She had on a bikini just like Sena Kashiwazaki from the Haganai series. Just then, she ran to a mirror to look at her reflection. \"Smokin'!\" She said, happily looking at her reflection. Soon after, her husband came in and looked at his new wife. \"Angie, is that you?\" Joe asked, unable to take his eyes off her. \"Yes, it's me, and I want another baby,\" Angie said, forcing him on the bed. Joe just looked at her with a frightful look on his face. He knew he had nowhere to run to now. Angie was going to get her way whether Joe liked it or not[Chapter 7] When Joe saw Angie, he was confused. \"Another baby, what are you talking about?\" Joe asked, frightened. \"Since you forced me to kick out our daughter, I think it's only fair to give me another baby,\" Angie told him. \"Hey, kicking Misty out was your idea,\" Joe said. \"You mean you never wanted to disown our daughter either?\" Angie asked. \"Well, let's go see our daughter!\" Joe insisted. \"Good idea,\" Angie said, grabbing him. When they find Misty's place, they knock on the door. Misty answers the door only to see her parents. \"Dad, what are you doing here?\" Misty asked. \"We came to see you,\" Angie answered. \"But you disowned me,\" Misty said. \"We never meant to, and if you come with us, we'll make it right,\" Joe said. \"No I like it here, and I'm here to stay,\" Misty told them. \"You little brat, you're coming with us whether you like it or not,\" Angie said. Just then, Mya comes into the room and looks at Angie. She sneaks behind Angie and pulls off the mask. The mask flies out of her hands, and Misty dives for it. Trying to get ahold of the mask, it flies out of her hands and lands right on her face. Misty's body starts spinning around in a tornado knocking everything over in her path. When the tornado stops, we find a new and improved Misty. Misty's hair was in pigtails, she had the same outfit that Yukari Sakuragi wore in Another. When she looked in the mirror, she had a big smile on her face. \"Smokin', man it's good to be back. Somebody stop me!\" Misty said, with a big smile on her face. \"Misty, you're that green faced freak that attacked us?\" Joe asked, a confused look on his face. \"That's right,\" Misty said, smiling. \"Never mind, we were right to disown you,\" Angie said, an angry look on her face. \"Don't ever come back, we're going home,\" Joe said. \"Why would I ever come back, I hate you guys,\" Misty said, angrier than she ever was before. As they left, Misty took off the mask and started crying. Mya tried to cheer her up but nothing was working. Misty was so mad, she threw the mask and it broke in half. Mya picked up one half, and Misty picked up the other. They both brought their half to their faces causing their bodies to spin around in tornadoes. When they stopped spinning, they looked at the other half of their faces and screamed. Half of Misty's face was green wearing the same outfit she wore the mask for the first time and had the same long hair as before. Same with Mya's face, it was half green wearing the same outfit as before with the same long hair. \"Hey, babe how about we show our other halves how to have fun,\" the other half of Misty's face said. \"I'm in,\" the other half of Mya's face said. Misty and Mya tried to stop them from going outside but it wasn't working. As they left, Gargantua came out of nowhere and trashed Misty's home. Misty and Mya were just caught up with their own troubles to notice.[Chapter 8] When we return to Misty and Mya, we find them in a casino gambling. Just then, Gargantua came in and trashed the whole place. \"She can't do that to us,\" Misty's masked half said. \"Let's get her,\" Mya's masked half said. \"Wait,\" Misty's other half said. \"Try to think this through,\" Mya's other half said. Their masked halves didn't listen and went after Gargantua to stop her from wreaking havoc. After they found Gargantua, they decided that they needed to get her back to her spaceship. Their masked halves turned into a pitcher and a batter. Mya's masked half threw the ball and Misty's masked half hit it knocking Gargantua back to her spaceship. After Gargantua left, Misty and Mya grabbed their faces and tore the two mask halves off and put them back together. Then, they headed back home. After getting back home, they found their place a mess. After cleaning up the mess, they decided that they needed to get rid of the mask. \"We have to hide it somewhere no one will ever find it,\" Misty said. As she went to hide it, she tripped causing the mask to go flying out of her hands. Mya grabbed it, but it slipped out of her hands and landed right on her face causing her body to spin around in another tornado. When the tornado stopped, we find Mya masked once again. She was wearing the same outfit that Sakura Haruno wore in Wandaba Style. \"Oh, it feels so good to be back,\" Mya said. \"Mya, you need to take that mask off,\" Misty pleaded. \"No,\" Mya said, spinning out of the house. Misty decided she needed to go after her before there was any more trouble.[Chapter 9] When we return to Misty, we see her following Mya, trying to catch up with her. Just then, Misty sees a spaceship coming towards her and knows it belongs to Gargantua. \"Oh no, not again,\" Misty said. Then, Mya zips back to where Misty was so she could fight Gargantua. \"Foolish human, do you really think you can beat me and my minions?\"Gargantua asked, coming up with a plan. \"I can beat you anytime and anywhere,\" Mya said. \"Minions attack,\" Gargantua said. Mya wiped out all of the minions except one who grabbed Mya's face and pulled off the mask. Gargantua made a dive for it and the mask landed right on her face causing her body to spin around in a tornado, knocking everything in her path down. When the tornado stops, we find a new and improved Gargantua. Gargantua's face was a bright green color just like before. This time, she had very sharp claws and hair like Medusa. \"Oh, it feels so good to be back,\" Gargantua said. \"What do we do now?\" Mya asked. \"I don't know, I really don't know,\" Misty said. All they could do was watch Gargantua getting closer and closer to them.[Chapter 10] When we return to Misty, we find her watching Gargantua leave in her spaceship to find some other planets to destroy. When she got to a really dark planet, she found more aliens that wanted to make peace with the humans. When they saw Gargantua, they looked scared. \"Who are you?\" one of the aliens asked. \"I'm your worst nightmare,\" Gargantua said. Then, she got back on her ship,fired a laser at the planet and destroyed it. Then she went to a really light planet, where she found even more aliens that wanted to make peace with the humans. When they saw Gargantua, they too looked scared. \"Who are you?\" another one of the aliens asked. \"I'm your worst nightmare?\" Gargantua told them. Then she got in her ship,fired a laser at this planet and destroyed it too. Then she headed back to Misty's planet, not knowing she was being followed by the space police. When Gargantua got to Misty's planet, the space police put up a hologram as they landed. When Misty saw Gargantua, she started to hide. When Gargantua couldn't find her, Misty snuck up behind her and took off the mask which fell into a hole leading to acell on the space police's ship. Suddenly, the space police grabbed Gargantua and brought her aboard their ship and put her in a cell. What they didn't know was that the cell had the mask in it. Meanwhile, Misty and Mya searched for the mask but couldn't find it. When Gargantua saw the mask, she decided to wait to put it on. Misty and Mya hoped it wasn't in the hands of an evil person. The End For now","LastChapter":"When we return to Misty, we find her watching Gargantua leave in her spaceship to find some other planets to destroy. When she got to a really dark planet, she found more aliens that wanted to make peace with the humans. When they saw Gargantua, they looked scared. \"Who are you?\" one of the aliens asked. \"I'm your worst nightmare,\" Gargantua said. Then, she got back on her ship,fired a laser at the planet and destroyed it. Then she went to a really light planet, where she found even more aliens that wanted to make peace with the humans. When they saw Gargantua, they too looked scared. \"Who are you?\" another one of the aliens asked. \"I'm your worst nightmare?\" Gargantua told them. Then she got in her ship,fired a laser at this planet and destroyed it too. Then she headed back to Misty's planet, not knowing she was being followed by the space police. When Gargantua got to Misty's planet, the space police put up a hologram as they landed. When Misty saw Gargantua, she started to hide. When Gargantua couldn't find her, Misty snuck up behind her and took off the mask which fell into a hole leading to acell on the space police's ship. Suddenly, the space police grabbed Gargantua and brought her aboard their ship and put her in a cell. What they didn't know was that the cell had the mask in it. Meanwhile, Misty and Mya searched for the mask but couldn't find it. When Gargantua saw the mask, she decided to wait to put it on. Misty and Mya hoped it wasn't in the hands of an evil person. The End For now","Summary":" On a time like no other, there was a girl named Misty Starbucks, who was 21 years old, walking to t","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Adventure Humor - Chapters: 10   - Words: 3,562 - Reviews: 3 - Favs: 1 - Follows: 2 - Updated: 7 20 2016 - Published: 7 10 2016 - Status: Complete - id: 12043790 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Peggy Brandt and The Mask - Remake","Author":"dec181985","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9986325","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 After the effects of the rejuva-lotion wore off on her, Peggy was sitting there. She had turned into a baby. She looked around the place to see if she could find Stanley, but saw only the mask. Stanley had faded away to nothing. Peggy was sad that Stanley disappeared, but was happy to still be around. She grabbed the mask not knowing what to do, but lost her grip on it. The mask flew out of her hands and landed right on her face. Soon after, Peggy started spinning around in a mini-twister knocking everything over until a hand reached out and grabbed a tree branch that made the mini-twister stop. Peggy's hairstyle was now spiked and her head and face down to the start of her neck was lime green, she had on a shirt that said \"Long Live Rock 'n Roll\" on it, and still in a diaper. Peggy saw her reflection in a nearby river. She liked what she saw. \"S-s-smokin'!\" Peggy said, excitedly. Soon after, a microphone came out of nowhere. She grabbed the microphone and started singing 'The Last Song' by Hilary Duff. \"Now I know there's no fear all! You held my hand and took down that wall! As I looked at you I had nothing to say! Now I understand why you pushed me away! I went far and now I see! The only one I needed was me!\" Peggy sang. Just then, an idea came to her mind. \"If I'm going to bee a baby, so should everyone else!\" Peggy said, working up a scheme . After that, a bunch of baby powder poured from the sky and everyone was turned into babies. Then, Peggy pulled another mask from out of nowhere and threw it on the ground by the police station. Officer Doyle was just looking up when the mask bounced up and fell on his face. As he started spinning in a mini-twister, he started knocking things out of the way. When it stopped, Officer Doyle was transformed! His hair was gone, his head and face down to the start of his neck was lime green in color, he had on a blue police uniform with a silver badge pinned to it. Officer saw his reflection in the water. He, too, liked what he saw. \"S-s-smokin'!\" he said, excitedly. Soon after, Peggy and Officer Doyle saw each other and wolf-whistled at each other. \"How do you feel?\" Peggy asked. \"I feel good! I knew that I would! So good! So good! I got a lot of love to give to you!\" Officer Doyle said, excitedly. Peggy pulled out two more masks and handed one to Officer Doyle. \"Let's go find some people to mask!\" Peggy said. After that. they went their separate ways and went to find someone to mask. To be continued...[Chapter 2] When we return to Peggy and Officer Doyle, we find them heading in opposite directions. Peggy suddenly sees a baby wearing glasses and goes over to greet her. \"Hi, I'm Peggy! What's your name?\" Peggy said. \"My name is Evelyn!\" the girl wearing glasses said. She walks over to Peggy and trips causing her glasses to fall off. \"I can't see without my glasses!\" Evelyn said. \"I found them!\" Peggy said, putting them behind the mask she had in her hand. \"Thanks!\" Evelyn said, grabbing the mask from Peggy and bringing it closer to her face. Suddenly, Evelyn's body starts to spin around in a mini-twister. When it stops, we find a green-faced woman standing in front of Peggy. \"Are you okay Evelyn?\" Peggy asked. \"Call my Eve! What happened?\" the new green-faced Evelyn said. Suddenly, Peggy pulled a mirror out of nowhere so Eve could see herself. \"S-s-smokin'!\" Eve said, excitedly. Then, they both zip off to find where Officer Doyle went. Meanwhile, Officer Doyle was at the police station with Lieutenant Kellaway. \"I brought you this gift!\" Officer Doyle said. Lieutenant Kellaway was having a bad day because his wife left him. So he took the mask in both hands and brought it closer to his face. Before the mask could do its work, Lieutenant Kellaway yanked it off. \"What was that?\" the lieutenant asked. Soon after, the mask started to shimmer and the lieutenant brought it to his face again. This time, it finally did its work as Lieutenant Kellaway's body started spinning around in a mini-twister. When it stops, we find a green-faced lieutenant. Just then, he pulls out a mirror out of nowhere and looks at his reflection. \"S-s-smokin'!\" the green-faced lieutenant said, excitedly. \"Glad you like it, lieutenant!\" Officer Doyle said. \"Please call me, Mitch!\" Lieutenant Kellaway said. \"All rifght, and you can call me Double-D!\" the officer replied. Soon after, they find Eve and Peggy. When Eve and Mitch look at each other, their eyes bug out as they wolf-whistle in excitement. Peggy and Double-D go off to mask some more people. Meanwhile, a figure is watching them from down below. To be continued...[Chapter 3] Peggy and the others walked around until they found a wishing well. They all made a wish and walked around until they found the Sister Mask. Meanwhile the figure that was watching them was singing a song as he created his own mask. \"You're a mean one, Mr. Bub, you got hatred in your soul, you're sharper than an axe, you're as slippery as some oil, Mr. Bub! You're a schemer, Mr. Bub, you got fire in your eyes, you're as cuddly as a cactus, you're as deadly as the flu, Mr. Bub! You're a smart one, Mr. Bub, you got contracts up your sleeves, you're more sour then an apple, you're angrier than an ape, Mr. Bub! You're a dealer, Mr. Bub, you're bones are made of steel, you got smoke coming from your shoes, you've got a cane longer than a sword, Mr. Bub! If you want some candy please don't eat my, Sour Patch Kids!\" the mysterious figure sang. Then, he was almost done making his mask. All it needed was a color. \"I'll make it red!\" Bub said, excitedly. After he was done, he raised his mask to his face, and his body spun around in a mini-twister. When it stopped, Bub was more evil-looking than ever. \"Now to go after those other 'masked' fools!\" Bub said, zipping towards the others. When they saw Bub, they threw the Sister Mask at him. \"Now we'll take off the Sister Mask as long as you do what we say!\" Peggy told. \"I promise!\" Bub said. So the others pulled the Sister Mask off and showed Bub his reflection. \"F-f-foggin'! Sorry, I meant to say, 'S-s-smokin'!\" Bub said, excitedly. Then they ran into someone familiar. When he saw the masked people, he lost his footing and fell on the mask. Then, he heard a noise coming from behind him. \"Cover me pardner, I'll bring up the rear!\" it said, excitedly. \"Oh, no! Not again!\" the man said. \"Hey, look everybody it's Ace Ventura Pet Detective!\" Peggy told everyone. \"You and his masked behind named 'Booty'!\" Eve said, laughing out loud. Then, everyone made a wish. After they made the wish, they went home to get some rest. When they woke up, the next morning, they looked and saw that everyone was still 'masked' like it was still night. \"Our wishes came true!\" Peggy said. \"Oh and by the way, everyone who knew me as Dectective Doyle will now call me, Double-D for short!\" the 'masked' officer said, excitedly. \"Okay, now what do you want to do?\" Peggy asked, curiously. \"How about we prank other people!\" Eve suggested. So they went outside to see if they could find anyone to pull pranks on. To be continued...[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 When we return to Peggy and the others, we see them trying to find someone to pull pranks on. Just then, Dr. Arthur Neuman sees them coming towards him. Soon after, they see him in front of them. \"What wrong with your faces? Are you sick?\" Dr. Neuman asked them. \"No we're just wearing masks!\" Peggy told him. \"So you're wearing rubber masks, are you?\" Dr. Neuman asked. \"No wear wearing wooden masks!\" Peggy told him. \"Like I told Stanley Ipkiss, the Mask is a figment of his imagination, and I still think that is the true statement!\" Dr. Neuman told them. \"Well can a figment of someone's imagination give you a present?\" Peggy asked him. \"What kind of present?\" Dr. Neuman asked. \"A nice... ATOMIC WEDGIE!\" Peggy said, grabbing his underwear, and yanking it over his head. When they leave, we see Dr. Neuman trying to remove his underwear from his head. Meanwhile, we see Peggy and the others running into two bounty hunters named Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon. \"Look who we have here! It's the Mask!\" Tex Clobber told Baxter Simon. \"Yeah, but there's more than one of them!\" Baxter Simon said. \"That means we can each take one to Pretorius!\" Tex Clobber told him. \"You'll have to catch us first!\" Peggy told them. Then, Peggy sneaked up behind Tex Clobber and discovered something about him. \"Gross, no undies!\" Peggy said, disgusted. Tex Clobber ran after them only to crash into a brick wall that appeared out of nowhere. When Baxter Simon saw this, he started to run off only to land in a nearby river. Peggy and the others ran off to find someone else to prank. When they saw Walter, Pretorius's henchman in front of them. Walter started to run after them, only to crash into another brick wall that also appeared out of nowhere. When they were done, they headed back to the police headquarters to take a nap. To be continued...[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 When Peggy and the others wake up the next morning, they decide to play a few games. First, they play pin the tail on the donkey. \"Who's first?\" Peggy asked. \"I'll go first!\" Eve suggested. Then, the others blindfold Eve and spin her around. Then, she goes over to the donkey and pins the tail to the head. \"Okay, who's next?\" Peggy asked. \"I'll go!\" Bub volunteered. Soon after, the others blindfold Bub and spin him around. Then, he goes over to the donkey and pins the tail to one of its ears. \"Okay, who wants to go next?\" Peggy asked. \"I do!\" Mitch suggested. After that, the others blindfold Mitch and spin him around. Then, he goes over to the donkey and pins the tail to its other ear. \"Okay, who's up next?\" Peggy asked. \"Me!\" Double-D said. Just then, the others blindfold Double-D and spin him around. Then, he goes over to the donkey and pins the tail to its stomach. \"Who's next?\" Peggy asked. \"I am!\" Booty said. Then, they blindfold Booty and Ace Ventura and spin them around. Soon after, he walks over to the donkey and pins the tail to his eye. \"I guess I'm last!\" Peggy said. Then, the others blindfold Peggy and spin her around. Then, she walks over to the donkey and pins the tail where it belongs. \"Hey you cheated!\" the others said together. \"What game should we play next?\" Peggy asked. \"How about musical chairs?\" Eve asked. They put up five chairs. A band appears and started playing music. When the music stopped, they each grabbed a chair, and they all sat down except for Peggy, who missed. After that, they removed one of the chairs. Then, the band started playing music again. This time, Bub missed the chairs. Then, they removed another chair. Soon after, the band was playing again. This time when the music stopped, Mitch was out. And then, they removed another chair. This time, when the music stopped, Booty was out. Then, they removed another chair. After that, the band started playing music one last time. When the music stopped for the last time, Double-D was out. Eve won the game. \"Who's cheating now?\" Peggy asked. After playing their final game, they decided to go to bed. Meanwhile, Walter and the to bounty hunters went to report to Pretorius, who was furious with them. \"If you want something done, you got to do it yourself!\" he said, angrily. After saying that, he want to go find Peggy and the others to make them pay. To Be Continued...[Chapter 6] When we return to Peggy and the others, they are just waking up. Then, they decide to go outside to see what's going on. When they get outside, they see Pretorius, who looks very mad for what they did to his henchmen. Then, Pretorius pulls out a disintegrator ray and fires it at Peggy and the others. Everybody moved so fast the only one who got zapped was Ace Ventura which turned him into a skeleton. Then, Pretorius fires again. Then, Peggy and the others dropped a house on him. Pretorius just laid there unconscious. Peggy and the others headed home to take a nap. When they got home, they fell asleep. Pretorius will just have to wait and see what he has planned for Peggy and the others. To be continued...[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 When Peggy and the others wake up, they decide to find more people to mask. Soon after, they see Mayor Tilton. When he he was walking, he comes to a turn. When he makes the change, he walks into Peggy and a mask goes flying through the air. While the mask was landing, it falls right on Mayor Tilton's face. Then, Mayor Tilton's body starts to spin around in a mini-twister filled with thunder, lightning and wind. Mayor Tilton's looks remain the same, but his head and face down to the start of his neck is lime green in color. He was wearing a black magician's costume with a hat and shoes to match. Then Peggy comes by and hands a mirror to him. \"S-s-smokin'! I think I'll call myself 'Black Magic'!\" Mayor Tilton said, excitedly. Then, they all head back to the police station to get some sleep. When they get to police station, they all fall asleep. Meanwhile Tonya Avery and her husband, Tim come to town. Then a laser gun was fired and Tim was turned into ash. Tonya ran to the police station. Meanwhile, Peggy and the others have a special surprise for her. To be continued...[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 When Peggy and the others wake up, they here someone coming and turn out the lights. It was so dark Tonya couldn't see where she was going and fell face first. While falling face first, another mask appeared out of nowhere and Tonya landed face first on it. Then, Tonya's body started spinning around in a mini-twister filled with thunder, lightning and wind. When the mini-twister stops, we see Tonya transformed! Tonya's looks remain the same, except her head and face down to the start of her neck is lime green in color. Soon after, Tonya pulled a mirror out of nowhere and gazed at her reflection. \"S-s-smokin'!\" Tonya said, excitedly. Peggy and the others come out and introduce themselves. Then Tonya introduces herself to them. When Tonya sees Booty her eyes pop out and she wolf-whistles. Soon after, Peggy walks up to Tonya, and uses her mask powers to make Tonya 'masked' permanently. \"Let's have some fun!\" Tonya said, excitedly. Just then, a carnival appears out of nowhere. Peggy and the others go on the roller coaster. While on the roller coaster, Peggy and the others start to go up really slow, then they start to go down really fast. When they get off the roller coaster, they decide to go on the merry-go-round. The merry-go-round starts going really slow, and then it speeds up really fast. When they get off the merry-go-round, they decide to go on the log ride. The log ride goes up really slow, then they drop and water splashes everyone. Then they go on a couple more rides and then, they go on the ferris wheel. The ferris wheel starts to go forward and then, after a few minutes, it starts to go backwards. After the carnival ends, they all decide to go home and take a nap. While they are asleep, Pretorius is planting another scheme. To be continued...[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 When Peggy and the others wake up in the morning, they decide to find out what's going on. They go outside to find Pretorius in his new indestructible robot body. As he fires a laser gun at them, they throw a black disc. Soon after, the black disc turns into a hole. The hole flies under Pretorius's feet, and he falls in it. When he falls, he falls into the river. \"Now what do you want to do?\" Peggy asked, curiously. \"Let's see if we can find some one to mask!\" Bub suggested. Soon after, a girl with blonde hair walks up to them. Bub pulls out a red mask and throws it at her. \"Where did this mask come from?\" the girl asked, curiously. Just then, the mask shimmers in front of her eyes. \"Wait! I've seen this before!\" the girl said. She, then, raises to her face and lets it latch on. Soon after, her body starts to spin around in a mini-twister filled with fire, smoke and ash. When she stops spinning, we see her transformed! She is wearing a red dress with ruby red earrings and on her feet are ruby red slippers. Just then, she pulls out a mirror from nowhere, and gazes at her reflection. \"F-f-foggin'! Sorry I meant to say 'S-s-smokin'!'\" the girl said, excitedly. Just then, she turns to see Bub and her eyes bug out as she wolf-whistles. \"My name's Kathy! What's yours?\" the girl said. \"Call me, Bub!\" he answered. \"Well, Bub, how about we go with your friends and get to know each other better!\" Kathy suggested. \"Sounds great! I'm getting tired anyway!\" Bub said. So they all head home and take a nap. When the fall asleep, Pretorius is thinking up another scheme. To be continued...[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 When Peggy and the others wake up, they decide to pick who they want to be with. Then, the guys decide the girls should choose. Peggy decides that's a good idea. Peggy chooses first. \"I pick Double-D!\" she said. Double-D walks up to Peggy and gives her a big kiss. Eve chooses next. \"I pick Mitch!\" she said. Mitch walks up to Eve and gives her a big kiss. Tonya chooses next. \"I pick Booty!\" she said. Booty walks to Tonya and she turns him around and gives the skeleton of Ace Ventura a big kiss. Kathy chooses last. \"I pick Bub!\" she said. Bub walks up to Kathy and gives her a big kiss. Black Magic decides he will wait to see if anyone else will become 'masked' just like him. They decide to find a place to live. When they see this big mansion, they decide to stay there. Then, they go inside to see all the rooms. They each find their own room and take a big nap. And they all lived happily ever after... The End","LastChapter":"Chapter 10 When Peggy and the others wake up, they decide to pick who they want to be with. Then, the guys decide the girls should choose. Peggy decides that's a good idea. Peggy chooses first. \"I pick Double-D!\" she said. Double-D walks up to Peggy and gives her a big kiss. Eve chooses next. \"I pick Mitch!\" she said. Mitch walks up to Eve and gives her a big kiss. Tonya chooses next. \"I pick Booty!\" she said. Booty walks to Tonya and she turns him around and gives the skeleton of Ace Ventura a big kiss. Kathy chooses last. \"I pick Bub!\" she said. Bub walks up to Kathy and gives her a big kiss. Black Magic decides he will wait to see if anyone else will become 'masked' just like him. They decide to find a place to live. When they see this big mansion, they decide to stay there. Then, they go inside to see all the rooms. They each find their own room and take a big nap. And they all lived happily ever after... The End","Summary":" Chapter 1 After the effects of the rejuva-lotion wore off on her, Peggy was sitting there. She had ","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K - English - Romance Humor -  Peggy B. - Chapters: 10   - Words: 3,201 - Favs: 1 - Follows: 1 - Updated: 4 28 2014 - Published: 1 2 2014 - Status: Complete - id: 9986325 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Lily Mason and the mask","Author":"dec181985","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12025518","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Our story begins with a man named Abraham Mason, his wife Isabella and their daughter Lily. Lily was just learning to crawl when her parents decided to move into a new town. Once there, they let Lily crawl around the house. Not knowing there was an open door that lead to the backyard, Abraham and Isabella brought their stuff inside. While in the backyard, Lily found a secret crawl space that led to the inside of the house. When she got to the end of the crawl space, she saw a glowing green object blocking the way in. Lily grabbed the it and headed back outside to see what it was. When she saw it was nothing but a green wooden mask,she turned it around to look at the inside. When she saw it glow again, she put her head inside of the mask. The mask jumped off the ground and onto her face causing her to spin around the house in a tornado, knocking everything over in her path. When she stopped spinning, she had on a light blue bathing suit like Sena Kashiwazaki from the Haganai series, her blonde hair was longer and had a blue butterfly clip in it. \"Gaah, Gaah, Goo, Goo!\" Lily said, feeling happiness all over. Then she said something not heard coming from a baby's mouth. \"Smokin'!\" she said, as she crawled to a mirror on the ground and looked at her reflection. Then, she went off to have some fun.[Chapter 2] When we return to Lily, she is walking into the house. When Abraham and Isabella looked at her with shocked expressions on their faces. \"Lily what happened to your face?\" Abraham said. \"Well, I found this mask when I found a crawl space when I was outside. I also found a crawl space leading to the inside. The mask was blocking it so I headed outside and the next thing I know I put it on,\" Lily said, saying more words than a month year old should say. This caused Abraham to faint. \"Momma why did Dadda fall down?\" Lily said. At the moment, Isabella fainted and Lily went outside to explore the city. While in the city, a nurse saw Lily and wanted to know how she could walk and talk when she was only a month old. \" I got to know how she's using that much power,\" the nurse said, laughing an evil laugh. It was obvious that the nurse wanted those powers for her own. \"I'll get those powers or my name isn't Mary Bupkiss,\" the nurse said, laughing another evil laugh. When she got home, she grabbed her face and pulled off the mask. \"Momma, Dadda what's going on?\" Lily asked, not knowing what the mask did to her. \"You can talk,\" Isabella said, with a big smile on her face. \"Yeah, I guess after I put on the mask, I learned to walk and talk,\" Lily said. \"You can walk, too. That's great!\" Abraham said, smiling at his daughter. \"Yeah and we never had to teach her how!\" Isabella said. \"Let's test her knowledge,\" Abraham suggested. \"Okay,\" Isabella agreed. \"Lily, how old is your mom and how old is your dad?\" Abraham said. \"Momma's 29 and Dadda's 31,\" Lily said. Seeing her parents smile, made her happy that they were not freaked out by her talking. \"Okay, Lilly where'd you put the mask?\" Isabella asked, wanting to wear it. \"I put it in my crib,\" Lily told her. Isabella grabbed the mask out of the crib and brought it close to her face. The mask started to suck her face causing her to pull it away. \"Maybe, I don't want to try it on,\" Isabella said, thinking it over in her mind. Just then, the mask started to glow causing Isabella to bring it to her face again. This time it jumped out of her hands and latched onto her face causing her body to spin around in a tornado. When she stopped spinning, we find a new and improved Isabella. Isabella's red hair was longer than before, her whole face was a bright green color. She had the same outfit that Yukari Sakuragi wore in Another. When Lily saw Isabella, her jaw dropped to the floor. \"Wow, Momma,you look hot!\" Lily said, liking her mom's new look. Thank you, sweetie, and what do you think Abraham?\" Isabella asked her husband. Abraham started to run but Isabella stopped him. \"Don't tease me, Abraham, I want another baby!\" Isabella told him. Abraham didn't know how he was going to get out of this one.[Chapter 3] When we return to Abraham and Isabella, he looks at her funny. \"Another baby, it's too soon!\" Abraham told her. \"You're right, I forgot!\" Isabella said, remembering that they still had Lily. Then, Isabella decided to have a night on the town. \"Hey, baby, can you watch Lily for me. You're such a sweet heart,\" Isabella said. Before Abraham could say no, Isabella had all left. As she was outside, she decided to go to the mall to buy some new outfits. After buying all the outfits in her size, she headed back to her house. Then, she put the outfits in the closet and went back outside. When she was outside, she decided to go to the zoo. When the animals saw her green face, they all hid from sight. \"Where did all the animals go, this is a ripoff.\" Isabella said outraged. She then headed home. When she was heading home, it started to rain. She walked in the house with mud on her shoes. Meanwhile, at the police station, the sheriff heard about a green faced lady who was frightening all the animals at the zoo and went to investigate. When she got there, she saw muddy footprints and decided to follow them. When she got to Isabella's place, she knocked on the door and waited for someone to answer.[Chapter 4] \"When she heard a knock at the door, Isabella grabbed her face and pulled off the mask. Just then, Lily answered the door. \"I'm Sheriff Madison Dukesburry, is your mother or father home?\" the sheriff asked. \"Both Momma and Dadda are home,\" Lily told her. \"What's your name?\" Sheriff Dukesburry asked. \"My name is Lily, it's very nice to meet you,\" Lily told her. Just then, Isabella came into the room carrying the mask. Sheriff Dukesburry told Isabella to give her the mask. Hesitating, Isabella gave her the mask. Sheriff Dukesburry didn't know why but when she first saw the mask she wanted to put it on. Taking her chance, she brought the mask to her face. The mask made a sucking sound and she pulled it away. \"What was that?\" Sheriff Dukesburry asked. Just then, the mask started to glow causing her to bring it to her face again. The mask jumped out of her hands and latched onto her face causing her body to spin around in a tornado. When the tornado stopped, we find a new and improved Sheriff Dukesburry. Her blonde hair was longer, and her face was now a bright green color. She had on the same outfit Kureha Suzuka wore in Tokko. She then went into the bathroom to look in the bathroom mirror so she could see her reflection. \"Smokin'!\" she said, admiring her new look. After looking at herself, she went over to Lily and kissed her on the cheek. Isabella turned on the TV and saw someone trying to rob the bank. Before leaving, she gave Lily another kiss on the cheek. \"How old are you?\" Sheriff Dukesburry asked her. \"I'm a month old. When I put on the mask, I learned how to walk and talk,\" Lily told her. Then, Sheriff Dukesburry gave her another kiss on the cheek before going to the bank. \"I think I'm in love,\" Lily said. \"Lily, she's old enough to be your mother,\" Isabella said. \"So, she's hot,\" Lily told her. \"Lily, you're not old enough to be in love or to think anyone's hot,\" Abraham said. After saving the bank from getting robbed from the evil nurse, she went home to build a machine of some kind. \"This machine will make Lily older, then me and her can be together forever,\" she said, heading back to Lily's house. When her parents were asleep, Lily went outside. When Sheriff Dukesburry saw Lily, she picked her up and took her to the machine. After getting there, she put Lily in the machine and turned it on. A bunch of smoke came out while Lily was in the machine. When the smoke cleared, Lily was much older. Lily was wearing the same outfit Sakura Haruno wore in Wandaba Style. \"Lily, you look hot,\" Sheriff Dukesburry said. \"So do you, Sheriff Dukesburry,\" Lily told her. \"Please, Lily, call me Madison,\" she said. \"Okay, so do you, Madison,\" Lily said. Just then, they looked at each other and smiled. Then, Lily grabbed Sheriff Dukesburry and kissed her right on the lips. \"I love you, Lily,\" Sheriff Dukesburry told her. \" I love you, too, Madison,\" Lily told her. Then, Lily and Sheriff kicked the machine causing it to blow up. Before it blew up, Sheriff Dukesburry grabbed Lily and went straight to the police station. While there, they climbed into one of the beds and fell asleep. While they were asleep, the mask came off and the evil nurse grabbed it.[Chapter 5] When we return to Lily and Sheriff Dukesburry, we see Nurse Bupkiss raising the mask to her face. Once the mask touched her skin, it made a sucking sound, but she didn't pull it away. The mask latched onto her face causingher body start spinning around in a tornado. When the tornado stopped, we find a new and improvedNurse Bupkiss. Nurse Bupkiss's hair was longer, she has muscles,a green monster face with red eyes, sharp teeth and snake tongue. She is wearing the same outfit as Rambo carrying a shot gun in her right hand. Once Sheriff Dukesburry wakes up, she teachesfor hergun but Nurse Bupkiss shot her three times in the chest causing Lily to wake up. When Lily saw Sheriff Dukesburry go down, she reaches for the sheriff's gun, but Nurse Bupkiss was already gone. \"Don't worry,Lily, I was wearing a bulletproof vest,\" Sheriff Dukesburry said. Just then, the mayor walked in and saw the damage. There was ahole in the wall and the prison bars were bent. When the mayor saw Sheriff Dukesburry and Lily, he was outraged. \"Sheriff Dukesburry, hand me your badgeand your gun,\" the mayor said. \"What, why?\" Sheriff Dukesburry asked. \"You're fired!\" the mayor said. \"But Mayor Arbuckle, it wasn't my fault,\" the now ex sheriff said. \"Then who's fault was it?\" the angry mayor asked. \"It was mine,\" Lily said. \"I see, but you're still fired,\" Mayor Arbuckle said, turning from Lily to Madison. \"Well, what do we do now?\" Madison asked. \"We need to find a way to get the mask back,\" Lily said. \"But how?\" Madison asked. Meanwhile, Nurse Bupkiss was heading back to the jail. When she saw Mayor Arbuckle, she shot him three times in the head causing him to die. Lily and Madison heard gunshots, and headed back to the jail tofound Mayor Arbuckle dead. When Lily saw Nurse Bupkiss, she was trying to find a way to get the mask back.[Chapter 6] When we return to Lily and Madison, we find them trying to find a way to unmask the evil nurse. Then, they suddenly got an idea. \"Okay, Madison you distract her and I'll sneak up behind her and take off the mask,\" Lily said. \"Okay, Lily, good plan,\" Madison said. Madison ran in front of the nurse, and started mocking her. \"I bet you can't catch me,\" Madison said. Madison started running until a cage fell down on her trapping her. \"Okay, Lily now,\" she said. Lily snuck up from behind her, grabbed her face and pulled the mask off. After Lily pulled off the mask and started to run. She lost her footing and fell face first into the mask. Lily's body started spinning around in a tornado causing everything in her way to fall over. When the tornado stopped, we find a new and improved Lily. Lily's hair was in pigtails, her face was now a lime green color. She was wearing the same outfit as Sakura Haruno from the Naruto series. Just then, the nurse grabbed Madison and pulled out a knife. \"Give me the mask or I'll kill your girlfriend,\" Nurse Bupkiss said. \"What are you going to kill her with, that banana,\" Lily asked. Suddenly, the knife in Nurse Bupkiss's hand turned into a banana. She started to run, and the cage fell on top of her, trapping her so she could not escape. Lily grabbed Madison to her parents house. Once there, Lily took off the mask and hid in the bushes while Madison knocked on the door. \"Sheriff Dukesburry, have you found Lily?\" Isabella asked. \"Well, there's someone I want you to meet,\" Madison said. Lily came out from behind the bushes so Isabella could see her. \"Hello Momma, it's me, Lily,\" Lily said. \"Is this some kind of joke?\" Isabella asked. \"Look at her face,\" Madison said. Isabella took a closer look and recognized her daughter's face. \"Lily, it really is you,\" Isabella said. \"Yes, Momma, it really is,\" Lily said. \"But how?\" Isabella asked. \"When I was wearing the mask, I built some kind of machine that made Lily older,\" Madison said. \"Can you change her back?\" Isabella asked. \"I'll have to put on the mask again, and build another time machine to change her back,\" Madison said. \"Lily, what do you want, I'll let you decide,\" Isabella said. \"I want to be with Madison,\" Lily said. \"Well, I'll let you be with Sheriff Dukesburry, then,\" Isabella said. \"It's just Madison, now. I got fired!\" Madison told her. \"How come?\" Isabella asked. Just then, the nurse came out of house carrying a knife after killing Abraham. \"Because of me,\" Nurse Bupkiss said. \"I know you, you were on the news,\" Isabella said. Just then, Lily saw the knife and noticed the blood on it. \"What did you do? Where's Dadda?\" Lily asked. \"I killed him, and if you don't give me the mask, I'll kill your mother, too,\" Nurse Bupkiss said. Lily handed Nurse Bupkiss the mask, but Isabella knocked it out of her hands causing it to fly out of her hands. Isabella made a grab for it, but it slipped out of her hands and landed right on her face causing another transformation to take place.[Chapter 7] When we return to Lily and Madison, we see them watching Isabella spinning around in a tornado. When the tornado stops, we find a new and improved Isabella. Isabella's head is a bright green color. She has on the same outfit as Olivia Moore from iZombie, and she can see people's memories just by touching them. The nurse tried to grab her face, but Isabella grabbed her arm. \"So you not only killed my husband you killed a police officer, too,\" Isabella said. Suddenly a cage fell on top of Lily and Madison trapping them. Nurse Bupkiss hopped on the cage and started jumping up and down on it causing it to start smashing down on Lily and Madison. \"Stop it,\" Isabella said. \"I'll stop if you give me the mask,\" Nurse Bupkiss said. Then, Isabella took off the mask and opened the cage. Just as Isabella was about to hug her daughter, she got shot in the back three times. \"Momma, no, don't leave me, I need you,\" Lily said. \"I'll always be with you, but I'm going to see your father again, so be happy about that,\" Isabella said. Those were Isabella's last words. \"Momma, please wake up, please Momma,\" Lily said. Nurse Bupkiss went to pull on the mask but Madison kicked it out of her hands causing it to fall to the ground and break in half. Madison picked up both halves and walked over to Lily, who was still mourning the loss of her mother.[Chapter 8] After Lily got up from crying over the loss of her mother, her and Madison each put on a half of the mask. Then, their bodies started spinning around in tornadoes, knocking what was ever in their path over. When the tornadoes stop, we see new improved versions of Lily and Madison. Lily's got on a dress which has white on one side and black on the other. Madison's go on a kimono that has pink on one side and wine on the other. Just then, they head toward the nurse to get some payback. The nurse ran off and none of them could find her. \"We have to find her and pay her back for what she did to my momma,\" Lily and her other half said at the same time. \"I agree, we have to stop her,\" Madison and her other half said at the same time. \"I'm right above you,\" Nurse Bupkiss said. Then, she grabbed both of their faces with both hands and took bothhalves of the mask offand put one on. After she stopped spinning, she was wearing a nurse's outfit that was half pink and half white. Then, she builta cloning device and made a clone of herself. \"Here put this on,\" she said to her clone. \"Alright, Mary,\" the clone said. The clone jammed the other half of the mask on her face and started spinning around in a tornado, knocking almost everything over. When the tornado stopped, we see a new and improved clone. She was wearing a nurses outfit that was half angel blue and half white. The nurse and her clone looked at Lily and Madison as they started chasing afterthem. \"Now what do we do?\" Lily asked. \"I don't know, I just don't know,\" Madison said. After that, the nurse and her clone were catching up to them. Lily and Madison had no idea what to do next.[Chapter 9] When we return to Lily and Madison, we see them trying to find a way to get the half masks off Nurse Bupkiss and her clone. Then, suddenly they got an idea. Nurse Bupkiss was trying to figure out a name for her clone. \"Since my name is Mary, I'll call you Yram, which is my name spelled backwards,\" Nurse Bupkiss said. \"I like it, I like it a lot, EsrunYram Ssikpub,\" the clone said. While they were talking, Madison and Lily grabbed Nurse Bupkiss and Esrun Ssikpub. Then, they grabbed the nurse's and her clone's faces and tugged both halves of the mask until they came off. After that, Lily and Madison put the two halves together. \"We have to get rid of this thing before anyone wears it,\" Lily said. \"You're right,\" Madison agreed. Just then, the mask flew out Lily's hands. Madison made a dive for it, but the mask landed right on her face causing her body to spin around in another tornado. When the tornado stops, we find a new and improved Madison. Madison was wearing the same outfit as Batgirl except for the mask, because her head was a brightgreen color. She found a mirror and looked at her reflection. \"Smokin'! It feels so good to be back,\" Madison said. \"Madison, please take off that mask,\" Lily pleaded. \"No, never again,\" Madison told her. Then she went zipping around the whole town. Lily decided to go after her and try to get the mask off.[Chapter 10] When we return to Lily, we find her trying to keep up with Madison. Meanwhile, Nurse Bupkiss and Esrun Ssikpub are following Madison too. When they catch up with her, Esrun Ssikpub grabs Madison's face and rips off the mask. The mask went flying through the air. Esrun Ssikpub made a grab for it, but it flew out of her hands and landed right on her face causing her body to spin around in a tornado, destroying everything in her path. When the tornado stops, we find a new and improved Esrun Ssikpub. Esrun Ssikpub's hair was longer, her head was was a bright green color. She was wearing the same outfit as Catwoman with claws and everything. She pulls out a mirror and looks at her reflection. \"Smokin'! Now to destroy someone,\" Esrun Ssikpub said. Just then, a bunch of police officers show up and start shooting at her. Esrun Ssikpub uses her cat-like claws to destroy every single one of them. Madison sneaks up behind her and pulls off the mask. After that, another bunch of police officers show up and arrest both Nurse Bupkiss and her clone. Lily and Madison find a bridge and Madison hands Lily the mask and threw it in the river. Then, they head home. What Lily didn't know is that mask she threw in the river was a fake and Madison still had the mask. Madison decided she didn't have enough fun with it yet. The End For now","LastChapter":"When we return to Lily, we find her trying to keep up with Madison. Meanwhile, Nurse Bupkiss and Esrun Ssikpub are following Madison too. When they catch up with her, Esrun Ssikpub grabs Madison's face and rips off the mask. The mask went flying through the air. Esrun Ssikpub made a grab for it, but it flew out of her hands and landed right on her face causing her body to spin around in a tornado, destroying everything in her path. When the tornado stops, we find a new and improved Esrun Ssikpub. Esrun Ssikpub's hair was longer, her head was was a bright green color. She was wearing the same outfit as Catwoman with claws and everything. She pulls out a mirror and looks at her reflection. \"Smokin'! Now to destroy someone,\" Esrun Ssikpub said. Just then, a bunch of police officers show up and start shooting at her. Esrun Ssikpub uses her cat-like claws to destroy every single one of them. Madison sneaks up behind her and pulls off the mask. After that, another bunch of police officers show up and arrest both Nurse Bupkiss and her clone. Lily and Madison find a bridge and Madison hands Lily the mask and threw it in the river. Then, they head home. What Lily didn't know is that mask she threw in the river was a fake and Madison still had the mask. Madison decided she didn't have enough fun with it yet. The End For now","Summary":" Our story begins with a man named Abraham Mason, his wife Isabella and their daughter Lily. Lily wa","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Adventure Humor - Chapters: 10   - Words: 3,512 - Reviews: 10 - Favs: 1 - Follows: 2 - Updated: 7 20 2016 - Published: 6 30 2016 - Status: Complete - id: 12025518 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Peggy Brandt and The Mask 2","Author":"dec181985","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9091081","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After Eve's and Peggy's wedding, we see them trying to help Black Magic a girlfriend. They try hard to think of who would be the perfect girl for him. Then, they look around to find Bub, Kathy, Booty, and Tonya coming to greet them. \"Hi, what are you girls up to?\" Bub asked, curiously. \"We're trying to help Black Magic find a girlfriend!\" Peggy said. \"Can we help?\" Tonya asked, curiously. \"Yeah, we could use the help!\" Eve said, excitedly. Then, they see a woman with curly brown hair coming towards them. Black Magic wolf-whistled as she came closer. \"What's your name?\" Black Magic asked, curiously. \"My name is Maggie, and I work at the Edge City Bank!\" the woman told him. \"That's where Stanley Ipkiss worked before he died!\" Peggy said. \"You knew Stanley? Who are you?\" Maggie asked, curiously. \"My name is Peggy Brandt!\" Peggy told her. \"Peggy Brandt, the reporter?\" Maggie asked. \"The one and only!\" Peggy said, excitedly. \"Why aren't you at work?\" Maggie asked, curiously. \"I got fired!\" Peggy said, sadly. \"That's too bad, but I have a question!\" Maggie told her. \"What's the question?\" Peggy asked, curiously. \"Why is your face green?\" Maggie asked, confused. \"It's because of this!\" Bub said, handing her a green wooden mask. \"What does this thing have to do with the green face?\" Maggie asked, taking it from Bub. \"You'll soon find out!\" Bub said, excitedly. Just then, the mask starts to shimmer in front of her eyes causing her to bring it to her face, and it turns into a wax/rubber-like substance causing her to yank it off. \"What was that?\" Maggie asked, confused. Soon after, the mask starts to shimmer again causing Maggie to bring it to her face again, and it latches on causing her to try and yank it off again, but her body starts to spin around in a mini-twister filled with thunder, lightning and wind. When the mini-twister stops, we find Maggie totally transformed! Maggie's hair is now down to her feet, she has on a white dress, in her green ears are diamond earring, and on her feet are sparkling white slippers. Just then, she pulled out a mirror to look at her reflection. She couldn't help to like what she saw. \"S-s-smokin'!\" Maggie said, excitedly. Just then, she looks around and sees Black Magic causing her to wolf-whistle. \"What's your name, handsome?\" Maggie asked, curiously. \"My name is Black Magic! It's very nice to meet you, Maggie!\" Black Magic said. \"Please call me, White Magic?\" she told him, excitedly. \"Okay, whatever you say, beautiful!\" Black Magic said, excitedly. \"How would you like to stay this way forever?\" Bub asked her. \"I would love to stay this way forever!\" White Magic said, excitedly. Just then, Bub used his powers on White Magic to make her 'masked' permanently. \"Peggy, let's go to your place and make love!\" Eve said, excitedly. \"Whatever you say, Eve!\" Peggy said, excitedly. When all of them arrived at Peggy's house, she and Eve went to the bedroom and started making love to each other. \"Let's play with each other's tits!\" Peggy said, excitedly. \"Okay!\" Eve said, grabbing Peggy's breasts and squeezing them. Just then, Peggy shoved two fingers in Eve's you-know-what causing Eve to do the same to Peggy. Soon after, they fell asleep and waited for the next day so they could prank some more people. To be continued...[Chapter 2] When Eve, Peggy and the others wake up the next morning, they leave Peggy's place to go prank some people. First, they find Pretorius's henchman, Walter, walking up to them. \"Look out, it's Frankenstein's monster!\" Peggy said. This made Walter really mad that he went to punch her. Peggy pulled out a bucket of green paint and a bucket of bolts. Then, she put the bolts in his neck and painted his face green. \"Now you really look like Frankenstein's monster!\" Peggy said, excitedly. This made Walter even madder that he charged at Peggy. Peggy stepped out of the way, and Walter landed in the river. Soon after, Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon show up with angry looks on their faces. Tex tries to grab White Magic, but she stepped out of the way. Soon after, White Magic goes to give him a wedgie, but then, she notices something and has a disgusted look on face. \"Gross, no undies!\" she said, unhappily. Baxter Simon tries to attack Black Magic. Black Magic moves out of the way. Then, Baxter tries to attack White Magic. Baxter charges at her, and she steps out of the way. Just then, he runs into Tex knocking him backwards. Then, they both land in the river. After that, Eve, Peggy, and the others go back to Peggy's place. When the others are asleep, Eve and Peggy go to the bedroom. \"What should we do next?\" Eve asked, curiously. \"How about a 69?\" Peggy asked. \"What's a 69?\" Eve asked, confused. \"I'll show you!\" Peggy said, excitedly. Eve lays down on the bed, and Peggy gets on top of her facing the other way. Just then, Peggy sticks her tongue in Eve's you-know-what causing Eve to do the same. Soon after, they fall asleep and wait for the next day, they can really prank some people. Meanwhile, Pretorius is trying to find a way to pay them back for what they did to him. He sends his henchmen after them and the henchman go off to get rid of them and anybody, who gets in their way. Lieutenant Kellaway and Officer Doyle are waiting for our 'masked' members to come out, so they can arrest all those wacky weirdos, who put their work to shame. Soon after, all of them fall asleep as they wait for the right moment to pay back those, who embarrassed them for the last time. To be continued...[Chapter 3] When we return to Peggy's place, we see her talking to Eve. \"Why don't we satay here and make love while the others go prank some more people?\" Peggy asked, curiously. \"We can do that!\" Eve said, excitedly. The others headed out of Peggy's place and went out to pull some pranks. While the others were out, Eve and Peggy stayed in the bedroom. Peggy rummaged through the closet looking for something. When she found what she was looking for, we see her pulling out a dildo. Peggy put it on, and climbed into bed with Eve. Peggy started moving up and down forcing the dildo to go in and out of Eve's you-know-what. Meanwhile the others were walking down the street looking for people. When they see Dr. Neuman, they walk over to him. \"Oh, no! Not again!\" Dr. Neuman said, scared. \"Don't worry! We just want to give you a little present, that's all!\" Booty said, excitedly. \"What kind of present?\" Dr. Neuman asked, curiously. \"A nice, little...ATOMIC WEDGIE!\" Tonya shouted, excitedly. Then, they see Pretorius, who was angry at them for foiling his plans. \"You're all going to pay for foiling my plans!\" Pretorius said, angrily. \"Will that be cash, check or money order?\" Black Magic asked, curiously. \"None! You're going to pay with your lives!\" Pretorius said, annoyed. \"I don't think so!\" White Magic said, excitedly. Just then, an anvil fell right out of the sky and landed on Pretorius's head. \"Guess that takes care of that!\" Bub said, excitedly. \"I guess you're right!\" Kathy said, excitedly. Soon after, they all head Peggy's place to get some rest. When they get there, they find Peggy and Eve fast asleep. \"Should we wake them?\" Booty asked, curiously. \"No! We'll wait until morning! They'll probably be awake by then!\" Tonya told him. \"We all need to get some rest!\" Black Magic said, tired. \"I agree!\" White Magic said. Soon after, they all fall asleep, so they can wake up in the morning and prank some more people who will probably deserve it. When they're all asleep, something falls out of the sky and lands right in the ocean. When the others wake up in the morning, maybe they'll know what it is. To be continued...[Chapter 4] When everybody wakes up the next morning, they see a strange light and leave Peggy's place to go see what it is. \"I wonder where that light's coming from!\" Peggy said. \"Let's go check it out!\" Eve said. When they get to where they saw the light, they see a red-headed woman in a blue suit. \"Who are you?\" Peggy asked, curiously. \"I'm Dr. Spacelove, it's very nice to meet all of you!\" the woman said, excitedly. \"It's very nice to meet you, too!\" Eve said. \"Why are all your faces green?\" Dr. Spacelove asked, curiously. \"It's because of this!\" Bub said, handing her a red wooden mask. \"What do I do with this?\" Dr. Spacelove asked, confused. \"Just put it on!\" Peggy said. \"Okay!\" Dr. Spacelove said, excitedly. Dr. Spacelove raises the mask to her face, and it turns into a wax/rubber-like substance causing her to yank it off. \"What was that?\" Dr. Spacelove asked, confused. Just then, the mask starts to shimmer causing Dr. Spacelove to bring it to her face again causing it to latch on to her face. Dr. Spacelove tries to take it off again, but her body starts to spin around in a mini-twister filled with fire, ash and smoke. When the mini-twister stops, we find Dr. Spacelove totally transformed! Dr. Spacelove's hair is now spiked with pigtails. Her head and face down to the start of her neck are now a bright red color. She has on a sparkling blue dress, and on her feet are sparkling, blue, high-heeled shoes. Dr. Spacelove pulls out a mirror and looks at her reflection. \"Foggin'! Sorry I meant to say, smokin'!\" Dr. Spacelove says, excitedly. Just then, she looks around until she saw someone walking towards her. Dr. Spacelove wolf-whistles when the person comes closer. \"Who are you?\" the person asks, frightened. \"My name is Dr. Spacelove, what's yours?\" she asks. \"I'm Dr. Arthur Neuman, please don't hurt me!\" the person says, still frightened. Soon after, Bub pulls out another red wooden mask and hands it to Dr. Neuman. \"What do I do with this?\" Dr. Neuman asks, curiously. Just then, Dr. Neuman brings the mask closer to his face, and it turns into a wax/rubber-like substance causing him to yank it off. \"What was that?\" Dr. Neuman asks, confused. Soon after, the mask starts to shimmer causing Dr. Neuman to bring it to his face again and it latches on. Dr. Neuman tries to take it off again, but can't because his body starts spinning around in a mini-twister filled with fire, ash and smoke. When the mini-twister stops, we find Dr. Neuman totally transformed! Dr. Neuman's hair is now spiked. His head and face down to the start of his neck are now bright red in color. He has on a yelllow tuxedo with matching pants and on his feet are black suede shoes. Just then, Dr. Neuman pulls out a mirror and looks at his reflection. \"Foggin'! Sorry I meant to say smokin'!\" Dr. Neuman says, excitedly. Soon after, they head to Peggy's place to take a nap, because the next day they're going to prank some more people. To be continued...[Chapter 5] When Eve, Peggy and the others wake up the next morning, they decide to go prank some more people. Meanwhile, Pretorius is trying to come up with a plan to get rid of all the masked nuisances. \"I've got to figure out a way how to get rid of these masked menaces even if it kills me!\" Pretorius said, angrily. Meanwhile, down in the city Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon are waiting for the masked people. \"You stay away from me!\" Baxter Simon told Tex Clobber. \"No problem!\" Tex Clobber told Baxter Simon. Just then, they see the masked members coming towards them. \"I think these two bozos have Ipkissia maskosis!\" Dr. Neuman said. \"Whosia whatsis?\" Tex Clobber asked, confused. \"I have no idea what he's talking about!\" Baxter Simon said. Then, Dr. Neuman goes to give Tex Clobber an atomic wedgie. Soon after, he notices something. \"Ew, gross, no undies, that's unsanitary!\" Dr. Neuman said, disgusted. \"Let's get him!\" Tex Clobber said, angrily. \"Oh, no, you don't!\" Dr. Spacelove said, excitedly. Just then she saw a brick wall and put a fake hole on the side and ran inside. \"I'll get you!\" Baxter Simon said, angrily. Just then, he ran straight into the wall and got knocked unconscious. \"Meep meep!\" Dr. Spacelove said, imitating the Road Runner. \"I'm through with your little games, you two freaks!\" Tex Clobber said, angrily. Just then, an anvil falls out of the sky and knocks Tex Clobber unconscious. Soon after, Eve and Peggy decide to let the others have some fun for a while. \"We'll catch you later!\" the others said in unison. Eve and Peggy head back to Peggy's place. Meanwhile, Walter is trying to get revenge on the others by making sure they can't escape. Just then, more reinforcements come in and keep them from escaping. Meanwhile, Eve and Peggy climb in bed and take off their clothes. \"Let's finish where we left off!\" Peggy said, excitedly. \"Good idea!\" Eve agreed. Peggy grabs Eve's breasts causing Eve to grab Peggy's and they both start squeezing each other's breast nipples. \"Ooh, baby, you know what I like!\" Peggy said, seductively. \"You know what I like, too!\" Eve said, excitedly. \"Let's do another 69!\" Peggy suggested. \"Okay!\" Eve agreed. Eve and Peggy get in opposite directions and start putting their tongues in each other's you-know-what. Soon after, they get tired and fall asleep. Meanwhile, Walter thinks he's got the others trapped. Just then, aloud noise is heard and everybody's knocked out except for our masked members. After a while, they soon head home and get some rest. They all have plans to pull off the biggest prank of all time. To be continued...[Chapter 6] When our masked members wake up the next morning, Peggy, Eve, Bub, and Kathy. start singing. They all sing Encore by Eminem featuring Dr. Dre and 50 Cent. Peggy sings the chorus. \"Cause we came here to set this party off right, let's bounce tonight and if they don't let us in through the front we'll go through the side, cause I don't ever wanna leave the game without at least saying goodbye, so all my people on the left, all my people on the right swing one last time,\" she sang. Eve sings the first verse. \"Get your ass up for the doctor one more time, get your ass up for the doctor, come on now, here we go, cliffhanger it's another club banger got ya hangin' on the seat get on down, times up, game over, you lose, I win bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here, oh yeah, new year, new phase begin look who's got you goin' crazy again, I'm a trend, I set one every time I'm in I go and just come back again you a fad that means you something that we already had but once you're gone you don't come back, too bad, you're off the map now radar can't even find you we stay on the grind you slip we out grind you you walk around mad just playin the violin behind you enough with all the pissin' and moanin', wining and bitchin' sit and observe listen you'll learn to pay attention why 10 multi-platinum albums later 3 diamond worldwide we're on the charts with a bullet still climbin', \" she sang. Peggy sings the chorus again. \"We came here to set this party off right, let's bounce tonight and if they don't let us in through the front we'll go through the side, cause I don't ever wanna leave the game without at least saying goodbye, so all my people on the left, all my people on the right swing one last time,\" she sang again. Bub sings the second verse. \"When Dr. Dre says crunk get it crunk, crunk crunk crunk and when 50 Cent says jump you get on one foot and jump, jump jump jump jump the buzz is tremendous we drop you all sense it I don't gotta promote it, for you to know that Doc is off the benches we keep the party rockin' off the hinges we ain't showin' off we just going offf popular consensusm but critics say that Doc is soft Doc is talk, Doc is all washed up knock it off who the fuck is Doc impressin' Doc is this Doc is that you got the wrong impression you must be on the cock of Doc cause Doc left you all guessin' so DJ take the needle off the record what? we gonna have this motherfucker hoppin' in a second that why we always save the best cut last to make you scratch and itch like fresh cut grass, cause we done swam with sharks, wrestled with alligators spoke to a generation of angry teenagers whom if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap may be raised to be racist who may have never got to see our faces, graced the cover of Rolling Stone pages broke down barriers of language and races just call on the caped crusaders and leave it to me and Dre ta pass the mic and we can pay the back and fourth like the hot potato game that why we came ta...,\" he sang. Peggy sings the chorus again. \"We came here to set this party off right, let's bounce tonight and if they don't let us in through the front we'll go through the side, cause I don't ever wanna leave the game without at least saying goodbye, so all my people on the left, all my people on the right swing one last time,\" she sang again. Kathy sings the third verse. \"50 Cent come on! bounce now hands up, you know how we do, we make the crowd jump everywhere we go it's no secret everybody know when Dre's involved there's plenty of money involved and plenty honeys involved and sunny days and palm trees Cali everyday is just another party from the valleys all the way to them 8 Mile alleys let's rally, hands up for the grand finale now raise raise up out your seat, Dre's about to speak blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week, you can catch me in the studio, bangin' out to the beats ta provide you with heat ta keep blazin' out your speakers, so never say never cause Shady, Aftermath together along with G-Unit Records presents The Return of the Doc and Shady no one can do it better we tear the club up and leave without a spread of evidence that a...,\" she sang. Peggy sings the chorus again. \"We came here to set this party off right, let's bounce the night and if they don't let us through the front we'll go through the side, cause I don't ever wanna leave the game without at least saying goodbye, so all my people on the left, all my people on the right swing one last time,\" she sang again. THen, the singing stopped, and they all went to bed so they could prank more people the next day. To be continued...[Chapter 7] When Peggy and the others wake up, they get ready to pull off some pranks. Soon after, they don't see anybody to prank. Just then, Lieutenant Kellaway and Officer Doyle come walking up. \"Oh no, not you guys again!\" Lieutenant Kellaway said, frightened. \"Relax, we only want to give you a present!\" Peggy said. Just then Peggy hands them each a box. When Lieutenant Kellaway and Officer Doyle open their boxes, a boxing glove comes out and sends them flying through the air. Soon after, Peggy and the others go to rob the bank. When they get the money, they decide to spend it on a mansion. They give the money to the salesman and go to get their stuff. Meanwhile, Lieutenant Kellaway and Officer Doyle show up. The salesman tries takes take off but a bunch of police cars block his escape. Lieutenant Kellaway gets a pair of handcuffs and puts them on the salesman's wrists. \"It wasn't me, it was a bunch of people wearing rubber masks! I'm innocent!\" the salesman said. \"Yeah, tell it to the judge!\" Lieutenant Kellaway said, angrily. When they get to the prison, they put the salesman in a cell with a sex offender. \"I'm going to pay those freaks in rubber masks back for this!\" the salesman said, angrily. Meanwhile, we find Walter going to Pretorius's laboratory to check on him. Pretorius was trying to think of a way to stop Peggy and the others for good. When Peggy and the others get all their stuff to the mansion, they get ready to fall asleep. While Peggy and the others are asleep, the salesman is trying to find a way to post bail. Pretorius is finding it difficult to find the right solution to his problem. While it gets dark, everybody is fast asleep. The next day, things are going to get interesting for Peggy and the others. While everybody's asleep, they have plans for what they're going to do the following day. If things go the way they planned, somebody's going to be very excited. To be continued...[Chapter 8] When Peggy and the others wake up, we find them trying to think who they want to prank. When they leave the mansion, they see Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon. \"Oh, no, not you guys again!\" Tex Clobber said, frightened. \"Let's get away from these freaks!\" Baxter Simon agreed. Soon after, they start running away. Bub starts spinning around. When he stops, he has a cowboy costume with a rope in his hands. Bub lassos Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon before they got very far. \"I'm turning you two in!\" Bub said, excitedly. \"Good, that way we don't have to deal with you freaks again!\" Tex Clobber said, happily. \"Yeah!\" Baxter Simon agreed. This ticked Peggy and the others off. The next thing you know, they built a catapult and put Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon on it. Soon after, they sent the two bounty hunters through the air. At the police station, Lieutenant Kellaway and Officer Doyle were sitting outside in a patrol car. Just then, they saw two figures fly through the air and crash through the roof. The next thing they knew, the two figures were in one of the cells. \"Two bounty hunters, this must be my lucky day!\" Lieutenant Kellaway said. \"I'll say, but how did they get here?\" Officer Doyle asked. \"Who cares? At least we know the streets are safe again!\" Lieutenant Kellaway said, happily. Meanwhile, Peggy and the others run into Walter. Walter started charging at them. Just then, Peggy started to spin around. When she stopped spinning, she was transformed into a bull. Walter turned around to run away, but wasn't fast enough. Walter went sailing through the air and crash landed on Pretorius's lab roof. \"Okay, now that that's done, let's go home!\" Peggy said, excitedly. When they got home, they were in for a big surprise. The salesman who gave them the house was back with an angry look on his face. \"You freaks are going to pay for getting me sent to jail!\" the salesman said, angrily. After that, he pulled out a gun and fired it. Peggy turned the bullet into water. \"Thanks I was starting to get too dry anyway!\" Peggy said, happily. \"Stop messing around!\" the salesman said, angrily. \"Anyway, we have a little present for you!\" Peggy said. \"What kind of present!\" the salesman asked. \"A nice little ...ATOMIC WEDGIE!\" Peggy said, cheerfully. Just then, the salesman's underwear was up to his head. Before he could remove his underwear from the top of his head, an anvil came out of nowhere and landed on him killing him. \"Oh great, now we have a corpse in our house!\" Peggy said, angrily. Soon after, Peggy spun around. When she stopped, she was transformed into a fire-breathing dragon. She then breathed out fire and the salesman's body was turned into ash. Just then, Peggy dumped the ashes into a trash can. Peggy and the others decided to go to bed. When they fell asleep, they dreamed up different pranks they could use on people. To be continued...[Chapter 9] When Peggy and the others wake up, they see Black Magic on his knees in front of White Magic. Black Magic pulled out a ring. \"White Magic, will you marry me?\" Black Magic asked, curiously. White Magic responded with a kiss. \"I'll take that as a yes!\" Black Magic said, happily. Soon after, Dr. Neuman got on his knees in front of Dr. Spacelove. \"Dr. Spacelove, will you marry me?\" Dr. Neuman asked, curiously. \"Oh, Arty, call me Lubby Dubby, and yes I'll marry you!\" Dr. Spacelove said, happily. \"Arty?\" Dr. Neuman asked, curiously. \"Don't you like it?\" Lubby Dubby asked. \"Of course I like it!\" Arty said, happily. \"Okay, now let's go prank some would be victims!\" Peggy said, eagerly. When they see Lieutenant Kellaway and Officer Doyle, they walk passed them. \"Whew, at least we know they weren't gonna wedgie us or something else!\" Lieutenant Kellaway said. The next thing he notices is someone is behind him. \"ATOMIC WEDGIE!\" the person behind him said, excitedly. When he turns around, he sees Peggy's smiling face. \"Are you alright, Lieutenant?\" Officer Doyle asked, curiously. \"I wouldn't worry about him!\" Peggy said, excitedly. \"What are you talking about?\" Officer Doyle asked, confused. Before he Knew it, a large piano fell out of the sky and landed on him. \"Let's go home, we can pull pranks on more people some other day!\" Peggy said, exhausted. When they get to the mansion, everyone goes to their room. When Eve and Peggy get to their room, they lock the door and hang a DO NOT DISTURB sign on the door handle. Just then, Eve and Peggy take off all their clothes and climb into bed. \"Let's get kinky!\" Peggy said, excitedly. \"Took the words right out of my mouth!\" Eve said, excitedly. Eve gets up, goes to the closet, pulls out the dildo and puts it on. Soon after, she is on top of Peggy. \"Let's do it!\" Eve said, excitedly. Eve then buries the dildo in Peggy's you-know-what. \"Faster!\" Peggy said, excitedly. Eve goes up and down on Peggy making the dildo go in and out of Peggy's you-know-what. Soon after, they fall asleep. When everybody's asleep, a limo pulls up and a familiar woman steps out. Looks like Peggy and the others will have a good time once they wake up. To be continued...[Chapter 10] When Peggy and the others wake up the next morning, they get ready for the two weddings. Bub read the wedding vows for Black Magic and White Magic. \"Black Magic, do you take White Magic to be your lawful wedded wife?\" Bub asked. \"I do!\" Black Magic answered. \"White Magic, do you take Black Magic to be your lawful wedded husband?\" Bub asked. \"You bet I do!\" White Magic answered. \"Then by the power invested in me, I now pronounce you husband and wife! You may kiss the bride!\" Bub said. Soon after, Black Magic and White Magic kissed each other for a long time. When they broke, a big limo showed up and a familiar female came out. \"Tina, what are you doing here?\" Peggy asked, curiously. \"My husband left me and took my son with him!\" Tina said, sadly. \"Oh, that's too bad!\" Peggy said. \"By the way, where's Stanley?\" Tina asked. \"He's dead!\" Peggy said, sadly. \"How'd he die?\" Tina asked, curiously. \"He was playing don't wiz on the electric fence!\" Peggy said. \"That idiot!\" Tina said, angrily. \"I know!\" Peggy agreed. \"By the way, where'd you guys get the masks?\" Tina asked. \"From me!\" Bub answered. \"Can I have one too?\" Tina asked, curiously. \"What color?\" Bub asked. \"Red!\" Tina said, excitedly. \"Here you go!\" Bub said, handing it to her. \"Thanks!\" Tina said, happily. Tina brought the mask closer to her face. It turned into a wax/rubber-like substance causing her to yank it off. \"What was that?\" Tina asked, confused. Just then, the mask started to shimmer causing Tina to bring it to her face again, and it latched on. Tina tried to yank it off again, but couldn't because her body started to spin around in a mini-twister filled with fire, smoke and ash. When the mini-twister stopped, Tina was totally transformed! Her hair was in pigtails, her head and face down to the start of her neck was rose red in color. She had on a red dress and ruby red shoes. Just then, she pulled out a mirror to look at her reflection. \"Foggin'! Sorry I meant to say 'Smokin'!'\" Tina said, excitedly. Soon after, they all got ready for Arty and Lubby Dubby's wedding. This time, Black Magic read the vows. \"Arty, do you take Lubby Dubby to be your lawful wedded wife?\" Black Magic asked. \"Of course, I do!\" Arty said. \"Lubby Dubby, do you take Arty to be your lawful wedded husband?\" Black Magic asked. \"You bet I do!\" Lubby Dubby said. \"Then by the powers invested in me, I now pronounce you husband and wife! You may now kiss the bride!\" Black Magic said. Lubby Dubby kissed Arty for a long time. When they broke, they were wondering what to do next. \"Let's go home to our new mansion, and show Tina around!\" Peggy said, excitedly. When they got there, they showed Tina her room. And they all lived happily ever after... The End","LastChapter":"When Peggy and the others wake up the next morning, they get ready for the two weddings. Bub read the wedding vows for Black Magic and White Magic. \"Black Magic, do you take White Magic to be your lawful wedded wife?\" Bub asked. \"I do!\" Black Magic answered. \"White Magic, do you take Black Magic to be your lawful wedded husband?\" Bub asked. \"You bet I do!\" White Magic answered. \"Then by the power invested in me, I now pronounce you husband and wife! You may kiss the bride!\" Bub said. Soon after, Black Magic and White Magic kissed each other for a long time. When they broke, a big limo showed up and a familiar female came out. \"Tina, what are you doing here?\" Peggy asked, curiously. \"My husband left me and took my son with him!\" Tina said, sadly. \"Oh, that's too bad!\" Peggy said. \"By the way, where's Stanley?\" Tina asked. \"He's dead!\" Peggy said, sadly. \"How'd he die?\" Tina asked, curiously. \"He was playing don't wiz on the electric fence!\" Peggy said. \"That idiot!\" Tina said, angrily. \"I know!\" Peggy agreed. \"By the way, where'd you guys get the masks?\" Tina asked. \"From me!\" Bub answered. \"Can I have one too?\" Tina asked, curiously. \"What color?\" Bub asked. \"Red!\" Tina said, excitedly. \"Here you go!\" Bub said, handing it to her. \"Thanks!\" Tina said, happily. Tina brought the mask closer to her face. It turned into a wax/rubber-like substance causing her to yank it off. \"What was that?\" Tina asked, confused. Just then, the mask started to shimmer causing Tina to bring it to her face again, and it latched on. Tina tried to yank it off again, but couldn't because her body started to spin around in a mini-twister filled with fire, smoke and ash. When the mini-twister stopped, Tina was totally transformed! Her hair was in pigtails, her head and face down to the start of her neck was rose red in color. She had on a red dress and ruby red shoes. Just then, she pulled out a mirror to look at her reflection. \"Foggin'! Sorry I meant to say 'Smokin'!'\" Tina said, excitedly. Soon after, they all got ready for Arty and Lubby Dubby's wedding. This time, Black Magic read the vows. \"Arty, do you take Lubby Dubby to be your lawful wedded wife?\" Black Magic asked. \"Of course, I do!\" Arty said. \"Lubby Dubby, do you take Arty to be your lawful wedded husband?\" Black Magic asked. \"You bet I do!\" Lubby Dubby said. \"Then by the powers invested in me, I now pronounce you husband and wife! You may now kiss the bride!\" Black Magic said. Lubby Dubby kissed Arty for a long time. When they broke, they were wondering what to do next. \"Let's go home to our new mansion, and show Tina around!\" Peggy said, excitedly. When they got there, they showed Tina her room. And they all lived happily ever after... The End","Summary":" After Eve's and Peggy's wedding, we see them trying to help Black Magic a girlfriend. They try hard","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  M - English - Humor Romance -  M. Tilton - Chapters: 10   - Words: 4,985 - Reviews: 3 - Favs: 2 - Updated: 5 18 2013 - Published: 3 11 2013 - Status: Complete - id: 9091081 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Peggy Brandt and The Mask","Author":"dec181985","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8935431","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Peggy Brandt just got back from Stanley Ipkiss's funeral. Even though they weren't the best of friends after Stanley found out Peggy was a lesbian and the fact she stole his mask from him. After the funeral, Peggy went home, got undressed and started masturbating. Peggy was thinking about how much fun it would be to have a woman in her life. A day later, she decided to go to the library to check out an adult book. Just then, a young woman bumped into her and a bunch of adult books fell out of her hands. \"Sorry about that!\" Peggy said. \"That's alright! Wait a second aren't you Peggy Brandt?\" the woman asked. Peggy nodded. \"Wow, you're even more beautiful in person! My name is Evelyn, and I'm your biggest fan!\" the woman said. \"Well it's very nice to meet you Evelyn!\" Peggy said. \"It's very nice to meet you, too!\" Evelyn said. Peggy helped Evelyn pick up her books and noticed they were all adult books. \"Are you trying to impress your boyfriend or something?\" Peggy asked. \"Well, I'm really not into guys!\" Evelyn said. \"What's with all the adult books then! If you're not into guys, what are you interested in then?\" Peggy asked. \"Well to tell you the truth, I'm actually a lesbian!\" Evelyn said. \"Are you seeing anyone?\" Peggy asked. \"No, why?\" Evelyn asked. \"Because I think you're hot!\" Peggy said. \"Are you asking me out on a date, Miss Brandt?\" Evelyn asked. \"Please call me, Peggy! And yes I'm asking you out!\" Peggy said. \"Okay, what time should I meet you?\" Evelyn asked. \"Is that a yes?\" Peggy asked. \"Of course!\" Evelyn said. \"Okay, meet me at the park by 10!\" Peggy said. \"Okay, see you then!\" Evelyn said. Soon after, Peggy walked over to her apartment, grabbed the mask and brought it with her. Peggy started singing Underground by Eminem. \"Here comes the rain and thunder now nowhere to run, to run to now I've disappeared, don't wonder how looking for me? I'm under ground here comes the rain and thunder now nowhere to run, to run to now I disappeared, don't wonder how, looking for me? I'm underground. Dre I'm down here under the ground dig me up broken tibias, fibula's yeah fix me up 60 sluts all 'em dying from asphyxia after they sip piss through a Christopher Reeves sippy cup Dixie cups, toxin, boxes of Oxy pads enough Oxycontin to send a fuckin' ox to rehab wack job in the back in a black stockin' cap, jacking off to a hockey mask at a boxing match \"he can't say that!\" Yes he can, I just did faggot, now guess again better text message your next of kin tell 'em shit's about to get extra messy especially when I flex again, and throw a fucking lesbian in wet cement faggoty-faggoty-faggoty Raggedy Ann and Andy no Raggedy Andy and Andy no it can't be it can't be yes it can be the fucking Anti-Christ is back, Danny, it's Satan in black satin panties this is Amityville calamity God damn it, insanity pills fanny pack filled with Xanies through every nook and cranny, looking for trannies, milk and cookies spilled on my negligee lookie razor bl-ades with me to make you bl-eed cases of Maybelline makeup lay on a table of weed Slim Shady shit sounds like a fable to me 'till he jumps out the fuckin' toilet when you're taking a pee. Here comes the rain and thunder now nowhere to run, to run to now I've disappeared, don't wonder looking for me? I'm underground here comes the rain and thunder now nowhere to run, to run to now I disappeared don't wonder how looking for me? I'm underground. Six semen samples, seventeen strands of hair found in the back of a van after the shoot with Vanity Fair Hannah Montana prepare to elope with a can opener or be open like cantaloupe on canopy beds and Glad bags, yeah glad to be back cause last year was a tragedy that landed me smack dab in rehab fuckin' doctor, I ain't understand a damn word he said I planned to relapse the second I walked out of that bitch two weeks in Brighton, I ain't enlightened bitin' into a fuckin' Vicodin like I'm a Viking oh lighning is striking, might be a fucking sign that I need a psychic evaluation, fuck Jason it's Friday the 19th that means it's just a regular day and this is the kind of shit I think of regularly fuckin' lesbian shouldn't of had her legs in the way now she's pregnant and gay, missing both legs and begging to stay. Here comes the rain and thunder now nowhere to run, to run to now I''ve disappeared, don't wonder how looking for me? I'm underground here comes the rain and thunder now nowhere to run, to run to now I disappeared don't wonder how, looking for me? I'm underground. Tell the critics I'm back and I'm comin' to spit it back in abundance hit a fag with onions and split a bag of Funyons mad at me? Understandable cannibal, shoot an animal out of a cannon and have him catupult at an adult at an adult Captain of a cult with an elite following to turn Halloween back to a trick-or-treat holiday have Michael Myers lookin' like a liar swipe his powers, replace his knife with flowers and a stack of flyers hit Jason Voorhees with a 40 stuck a suppository up his ass, and made him tell me a story gave Hannibal Lecter a fuckin' nectarine and sat him in the fuckin' fruit and vegetable section and gave him a lecture walked up Elm Street with a fuckin' wiffle bat drew fought Freddy Krueger and Edward Scissorhands, too and came out with a little scratch, ooh lookin' like I got into a fuckin' pillow fight with a Triple Fat Goose insanity can it be vanity? Where's the humanity in having a twisted fantasy with a arm and leg amputee Straight jacket with 108 brackets and a straps around my back, then they latch it cut your fuckin' head off and ask you where you headed off too? get it, headed off too? Medic this headaches awful this anesthetic's pathetic so's this diabetic waffle and this prosthetic arm keeps crushing my hard taco. Here comes the rain and thunder now nowhere to run, to run to now I've disappeared, don't wonder how looking for me? I'm underground here comes the rain and thunder now nowhere to run to run to now I disappeared, don't wonder how, looking for me? I'm underground,\" she sang. Just then, the mask started to shimmer causing her to bring it to her face, and it latches on causing her body to spin around in a mini-twister filled with thunder, lightning and wind. When the mini-twister stops, we find Peggy totally transformed! Peggy's hairstyle remains the same, but her head and face down to the start of her neck is lime green in color, she has nothing on as she walks to the park in her birthday suit. A bunch of men whistle as she walks by and a bunch of steam comes out from the top of her head. Next thing the men know their underwear is yanked up to their heads. \"What a bunch of perverts! Anyway, time to build a time machine so I can go to the past and get the mask before I put it on!\" Peggy said. After she's done with the time machine, Peggy hops on the time machine and gets ready to go to the past. To be continued...[Chapter 2] After Peggy got into the time machine, she zipped up to her former self and took the mask out of her hands. Then, she climbed into time machine and was transported back to the present. Evelyn wasn't looking where she was going and her glasses fell off. Peggy places the mask behind the glasses and waits for Evelyn too find them. \"I can't see without my glasses! Oh, here they are!\" Evelyn said, picking up the mask. Soon after, she is spinning around in a mini-twister filled with thunder,, lightning and wind. When the mini-twister stops, we find Evelyn totally transformed! Evelyn's hairstyle remains the same, but her head and face down to the start of her neck is lime green in color. She has nothing on as she walks around in her birthday suit. Just then, she sees Peggy and her eyes 'bug out' of her skull. \"Hi, Evelyn! Nice look!\" Peggy said, excitedly. \"Actually, if you don't mind, I'd rather be called Eve!\" Evelyn said. \"Okay, Eve, how do you feel? Peggy asked, curiously. \"Smokin'!\" Eve said, happily. \"I feel the same way!\" Peggy told her. Just then, they zip back to Peggy's place and get on top of her bed. \"Why don't we climb in bed and start making love?\" Eve suggested. \"Okay, but first, let's make our tits a little bigger!\" Peggy said, excitedly. Soon after, they spin around in mini-twisters and when they stop, their breasts have tripled in size. \"Let's experiment!\" Eve said, putting on a dildo. \"Anything you say, hot stuff!\" Peggy said, excitedly. Then Eve buries the dildo in Peggy's you-know-what. When they're done, they drink a potion so they can stay the way they want forever. When they wake up the next morning, their faces are still green. For the rest of the day, they get dressed and start pulling pranks on unsuspected victims. To be continued...[Chapter 3] When we return to Eve and Peggy, we find them trying to think of people they could prank. Then, they see someone with gray hair, big nose, and wearing glasses. \"That must be Dr. Neuman! He doesn't think the Mask is real, but we'll show him he's wrong!\" Peggy said. \"Let's do it!\" Eve said. Then, they go up to him and he turns around. \"Are you Dr. Neuman?\" Peggy asked. \"Yes!\" the man said. \"So you don't believe the Mask is real, think again!\" Peggy said, angrily. \"Wait, you're wearing the mask?\" Dr. Neuman asked. \"Not just me! Someone else is wearing it too!\" Peggy said. \"How, there's only one wooden mask!\" Dr. Neuman said. \"Time travel!\" Peggy said. \"What are you going to do to me?\" Dr. Neuman asked. \"We're gonna give you a nice little present!\" Peggy said. \"What kind of present?\" Dr. Neuman asked. \"I nice little ATOMIC WEDGIE!\" Peggy said, excitedly. Before Dr. Neuman knew it his underwear was yanked up to his head. \"I can't believe it, Stanley Ipkiss was right!\" Dr. Neuman said. After they left, Dr. Neuman called the police. Lieutenant Kellaway and Officer Doyle were just arriving. Just then, they see two masked women and go to check it out. When they got there. they see Peggy and Eve. \"Freeze!\" Lieutenant Kellaway shouted. Just then, Peggy and Eve were frozen with icicles hanging off there bodies. \"Put your hands up!\" Lieutenant Kellaway ordered. \"But you told us to freeze!\" Peggy said, without moving her lips. \"All right! All right! Unfreeze!\" Lieutenant Kellaway said, annoyed. Just then, the two of them collapsed to the ground. \"You two are under arrest!\" Lieutenant Kellaway said. Then he turned to Doyle. \"Cuff them!\" Lieutenant Kellaway ordered. Just as Officer Doyle was about to cuff them, Peggy zipped over to Lieutenant Kellaway. \"ATOMIC WEDGIE!\" Peggy shouted. Before he knew it, Lieutenant Kellaway's underwear was yanked up to his head. \"Now it's my turn!\" Eve said. \"What are you going to do?\" Officer Doyle asked. \"Well, I'm going to give you a nice ATOMIC WEDGIE!\" Eve said. Before he knew it, Officer Doyle's underwear was also yanked up to his head. They decided the were done pranking people for today. Then, they headed home and took off all their clothes. Then, when their clothes were off, they started making love to each other over and over again. \"Let's play with each other's tits!\" Peggy said. \"Okay!\" Eve said. The two of them grabbed each other's breasts and squeezed them. Then, they fell asleep, and got ready for a new day to begin. To be continued...[Chapter 4] When Peggy and Eve woke up the next morning, they got dressed and went to the cemetery to visit Stanley's grave. \"I know him, he was the first person I fell in love with,\" Eve said, feeling sad. \"Yeah, it was painful how he died,\" Peggy said. \"How did he die?\" Eve asked, curiously. \"Have you ever heard of the game, don't wiz on the electric fence?\" Peggy asked, curiously. \"Yeah, why?\" Eve asked, confused. \"Well, he went to a bar with his friends, got drunk, and his friends asked him if he wanted to play human dartboard or don't wiz on the electric fence, he chose the second one. Then shortly after, he pulled his pants up, got dizzy, slipped over a rock, and got fried by the electric fence!\" Peggy told her. \"That's a little funny, but sad that he died!\" Eve said. \"Yeah, who knew he would be that stupid?\" Peggy asked, giggling. \"What was he trying to prove?\" Eve asked, suspiciously. \"Who knows, but it was shocking to see him stoop that low!\" Peggy said. \"Is that how really how he died?\" Eve asked, curiously. \"Yeah, I told him not to do it, but he wasn't listening to me! Then, I called the police, but when they arrived, it was too late!\" Peggy told her. \"Wow, who knew Stanley would do something something that dangerous?\" Eve asked. \"Well, he could have played human dartboard!\" Peggy told her. \"What kind of bar was it?\" Eve asked. \"The kind that have holes in the stalls and chairs that are turned upside down!\" Peggy said. \"Eww, you mean he was...?\" Eve asked. \"No, he didn't know it was that kind of bar, until after one of his friends told him! You see, Stanley walked into the bar next to the one his friends went in!\" Peggy told her. \"So, did he ever play the any other games?\" Eve asked. \"You mean, like spin the bottle or drunk toss?\" Peggy said. \"Yeah!\" Eve said. \"He only played spin the bottle one time and that was with a room full of mirrors!\" Peggy said. Eve laughed out loud. Soon after, Peggy joined in on the laughter. \"Sorry, I couldn't help myself!\" Eve said. \"That's alright!\" Peggy said. \"So what else do you want to do?\" Eve asked. \"Let's go to my place, and play twister with our clothes off!\" Peggy said, excitedly. \"It's better than playing don't wiz on the electric fence!\" Eve said. Peggy laughed out loud. Soon after, Eve joined in on the laughter. \"Sorry, I couldn't help myself!\" Peggy said. \"That's alright!\" Eve said. \"Let's go start the game, then if we get bored, we can go prank some more people!\" Peggy said. Then, they went home to play their game. Peggy played facing away from the board while Eve played facing toward the board. Then, they fell on each other and decided to quit the game and got dressed. Then, they went to prank some more people. Charlie Schumacher was walking by when he saw two masked women coming towards him. They both grinned at him. He started to run and tripped over his own feet. \"What do you want?\" Charlie asked, scared. \"We want to give you a present!\" Peggy said. \"What kind of present?\" Charlie asked. \"A nice, little ATOMIC WEDGIE!\" Peggy shouted. Before he knew it, his underwear was yanked up to his head. Then they run into Pretorius. \"Wait! Two masks how is this possible?\" Pretorius asked. \"Time travel, silly!\" Peggy said. \"What do you want?\" Pretorius asked, scared. \"We want to give you a present!\" Peggy said. Then his head popped off and then he came back in his robot body. So they put a dummy head on his original body and yanked his underwear over the dummy head. That made Pretorius mad. He started firing lasers at them. Peggy pulled out a mirror. The laser balanced off the mirror and came back at the robot body causing it to explode. Then, they went back home and took another shower together. Soon after, they went to bed and fell asleep. The next day will be funner than the other each time they think of something. To be continued...[Chapter 5] When Eve and Peggy woke up the next morning, they were talking about the first time they found out they were lesbians. \"When did you first find out you were a lesbian?\" Eve asked Peggy. \"When I followed Stanley into that bar, I hid in the wrong bathroom!\" Peggy told her. \"What happened?\" Eve asked. \"I found out what they stick through the holes, and it made me sick!\" Peggy said. \"Oh!\" Eve said. \"When did you first find out you were a lesbian?\" Peggy asked Eve. \"When I left Stanley's apartment, I dropped my bag, and someone saw my underwear!\" Eve told her. \"What happened?\" Peggy asked. \"\"When I stood back up, all the men in Stanley's apartment complex came out of their rooms and started calling me four-eyes!\" Eve said. \"I know who are next victims will be!\" Peggy said, angrily. \"Who?\" Eve asked, curiously. \"All the men in Stanley's apartment complex!\" Peggy told her. \"You mean it?\" Eve asked. \"Yeah, I would do anything for you! I love you!\" Peggy said. \"I love you, too!\" Eve said. When Eve and Peggy got to Stanley's apartment complex, all the men looked out their windows, and saw two naked women coming towards the complex. When Eve and Peggy went inside, all the men ran out of their apartments and started whistling at them. Soon after, Eve and Peggy grabbed the men's underwear and yanked it over their heads. Then, Eve and Peggy started kissing each other, and all the men whistled again. Soon after, Eve and Peggy got angry and turned into a giant, fire-breathing dragon. All the men got scared, and ran back inside their apartments. \"That'll teach you to mess with us!\" Peggy said, angrily. \"Yeah!\" Eve agreed. Then, they went to the bar Stanley accidentally walked in. They went inside the bathroom with boards and nails. Then, they nailed the holes shut and brushed some cement on the boards. When the paint dried, they got out of the bathroom. Soon after, they put industrial glue on the legs of the chairs and turned them right side up. Then, the owner of the bar got mad, and grabbed his gun. Then, he fired a few rounds. Eve and Peggy bounced around the bar and out the front door. \"What do we do now?\" Eve asked. \"How about we find some hot springs!\" Peggy suggested. Great idea!\" Eve agreed. Then, they found some hot springs no one has ever seen and climbed down in. After a while they got tired, and went back to Peggy's place. Before they went to sleep, Eve told Peggy about her dog, Esmeralda. \"What happened to her?\" Peggy asked. \"She ran out into the street and got hit by a car!\" Eve told her. \"Oh, that's sad!\" Peggy said. \"Yeah, by the way, what ever happened to Stanley's dog?\" Eve asked. \"You mean, Milo?\" Peggy asked. \"Yeah!\" Eve said. \"One day, Stanley an Milo were playing frisbee! It landed in a bat cave, and Milo got bit on the nose by a rabid bat!\" Peggy told her. \"What happened?\" Eve asked. \"Well since Milo had rabies, Stanley had him put to sleep!\" Peggy said. \"Oh, poor Stanley!\" Eve said. \"Yeah, he started drinking after Milo got put down!\" Peggy said. \"At least, they're together now!\" Eve said. \"I'm sure those two are taking good care of your dog, too!\" Peggy said. \"I hope so!\" Eve said. Soon after, they fell asleep and waited until the next day so they could pull pranks on more people. To be continued...[Chapter 6] When Eve and Peggy wake up the next day, they get dressed and go for a walk. Just then, they bump into Lieutenant Kellaway and Officer Doyle. \"Not you two again!\" Lieutenant Kellaway said, angrily. \"What do you want this time?\" Officer Doyle asked, curiously. \"We were just going for a walk, but since you asked, we want to give you two a little present!\" Peggy said. \"What kind of present?\" Officer Doyle asked. Peggy and Eve give them both a little jack-in-the-box. After they leave, Lieutenant Kellaway and Officer Doyle wind up their jack-in-the-boxes. Soon after, Eve and Peggy pop out of the jack-in-the-boxes and yank Lieutenant Kellaway's and Officer Doyle's underwear over their heads. Down below, Bub was watching them. \"I really hate those green-headed chicks!\" he said, angrily. Just then, Bub got an idea, an extremely evil idea. He started singing his own song. \"You're a mean one, Mr. Bub, you got hatred in your soul, you're sharper than an axe, you're as slippery as some oil, Mr. Bub! You're a schemer, Mr. Bub, you got fire in your eyes, you're as cuddly as a cactus, you're as deadly as the flu, Mr. Bub! You're a smart one, Mr. Bub, you got contracts up your sleeves, you're more sour than apple, you're angrier than an ape, Mr. Bub! You're a dealer, Mr. Bub, you're bones are made of steel, you got smoke coming from your shoes, you've got a cane longer than a sword, Mr. Bub! If you want some candy please don't eat my, Sour Patch Kids!\" he sang, while he got to work. When he was finished, there was another wooden mask. \"Instead of green, I'll make it red!\" Bub said, excitedly. After he made the eyes and mouth, he waited for a while. Just then, he saw it shimmer. \"Wait a second, it's not supposed to shimmer like that!\" he said, raising the mask to his face. The mask turned into a wax/rubber-like substance causing Bub to yank it off. \"What happened?\" Bub asked, curiously. Just then, it shimmered again causing Bub to raise it to his face again. The mask jumped out of his hands and wrapped around Bub's head. Bub tried to yank it off, but his body started spinning around in a mini-twister filled with fire, smoke and ash. When the mini-twister stops, we find Bub totally transformed. Bub's hairstyle was a mohawk, he had on a red shirt with black pants, in his hands was a shiny, white bass guitar, on his fingers were ten different colored rings, and on his feet were tap dance shoes. Just then, he walked over to a mirror to look at his reflection. \"Foggin'! Oh, wait, I meant to say 'smokin'!'\" Bub said, excitedly. Then, he was up above where he was up above his hideaway. \"What do I do, now!\" Bub asked, curiously. Just then, he saw Eve and Peggy being chased by Lieutenant Kellaway and Officer Doyle. \"Oh, I totally forgot about those two!\" Bub said. Just then, he turned into a fire-breathing dragon and went chasing after Eve and Peggy. When Eve and Peggy turn around, they see Bub. \"Where did he come from?\" Eve asked. \"I don't know, but I know a way to stop him!\" Peggy said. \"How?\" Eve asked, curiously. \"We need to find Pretorius's sister mask!\" Peggy said. \"Where do we find that?\" Eve asked. \"In Pretorius's lab!\" Peggy said. \"Then, let's go get it!\" Eve said. Then, Eve and Peggy go to find the sister mask by heading towards Pretorius's lab. To be continued...[Chapter 7] When we return to Eve and Peggy, we find them in Pretorius's lab. \"Intruder alert! Intruder alert!\" the alarm said, going off. Pretorius looks at the screen in his underground stronghold. When he sees Eve and Peggy, he calls in his assistant, Walter. Walter goes to find Eve and Peggy to eliminate them. Just then, they see the sister mask and grab it and the remote. Soon after, Bub comes running through the room. \"We got you cornered!\" Peggy said, pressing the sister mask to Bub's face. \"Oh crap!\" Bub said, scared. Then, Peggy orders Bub to destroy the lab. When they're out of the lab, they look at Bub. \"We'll take of the sister mask as long as you do what we say!\" Peggy told him. \"Okay!\" Bub said. Soon after, they remove the mask and Bub is still wearing the red mask. \"So what do you girls want me to do?\" Bub asked, curiously. \"We want you to create two more masks!\" Peggy said, excitedly. \"This time make them green!\" Eve told him. \"Okay, as you wish!\" Bub said. Then, Bub finishes two more masks. \"Who do we mask next?\" Eve asked, curiously. Just then, they all see Ace Ventura and walk over to him. When he sees the two girls, he stumbles backwards and lands right on one of the masks. \"What a sensation! It kind of tickles!\" Ace says, excitedly. \"S-s-smokin'!\" Ace's butt says, excitedly. \"Oh no, not again!\" Ace says, angrily. \"Cover me partner, I'll take up the rear!\" his butt said, excitedly. \"Ha, ha, ha, that's funny!\" Eve, Peggy, and Bub say in unison. Then, the two girls see Mayor Tilton and walk over to him. \"Please don't hurt me!\" Mayor Tilton said, scared. \"We don't wanna hurt you!\" Peggy said. \"Then, what do you want?\" Mayor Tilton asked. \"We just want you to have this!\" Peggy said, handing him the other mask. \"What do I do with this?\" Mayor Tilton asked, confused. \"Just put it on!\" Peggy told him. Mayor Tilton raises the mask to his face, and it turns into a wax/rubber-like substance causing him to yank it off. \"What was that?\" Mayor Tilton asked, curiously. Just then, it started to shimmer. \"Wait a second, masks don't shimmer!\" Mayor Tilton said, raising the mask to his face again. Soon after, the mask jumped out of his hands and attached itself to Mayor Tilton's face. Mayor Tilton tried to yank it off again, but his body started spinning around in a mini-twister filled with thunder, lightning and wind. When the mini-twister stops, we find Mayor Tilton totally transformed! Mayor Tilton's hairstyle is now an afro, he is wearing a balck wizard costume with black shoes on his feet. \"S-s-smokin!\" Mayor Tilton said, excitedly. \"How do you feel, Mayor Tilton!\" Peggy asked, curiously. \"I feel great! Oh, by the way, call me Black Magic!\" Mayor Tilton said, excitedly. \"Okay, will do!\" Peggy said, excitedly. \"Now what do we do?\" Eve asked, curiously. \"Bub, use your magic to make you guys 'masked' permanently!\" Peggy said, excitedly. \"Will do!\" Bub said, excitedly. Soon after, they all went their own separate ways. Peggy and Eve went home, while the others went off to prank people. When Peggy and Eve made it home, they took another shower together. Then, they both went to bed, so they could wake up the next day and help the others prank some more people. To be continued...[Chapter 8] When Eve and Peggy wake up the next morning, they decide to stay in and have some fun with each. \"Let's do a 69!\" Peggy suggested. \"Okay!\" Eve said, excitedly. Once in position, they bury their tongues in each other's you-know-what. They both let out a moan filled with pleasure. Meanwhile, out in the streets, Bub, Ace Ventura's butt, and Black Magic are handing a box to Pretorius. When he opens the box, an extend-o glove punches him sending him flying through the air. \"Time to call some bounty hunters!\" Prtorius says, angrily. Pretorius calls on two bounty hunters named Tex Clobber and Baxter Simon. Then, they all go to stop the 'masked' team members. Baxter Simon points a disintegrator ray gun at Ace Ventura causing him to look like a skeleton wearing clothes with the mask on its butt. Tex Clobber took out a bomb and threw it at Bub. Bub caught the bomb and threw it back. A few seconds later, the bomb blew up, and Tex Clobber went flying through the air. Pretorius fired a laser at Black Magic. Black Magic pulled out a mirror and the laser bounced off the mirror. Pretorius ducked out of the way and the laser hit Baxter Simon. A few seconds later, Baxter Simon went flying through the air as well. \"It's not just a laser! It's a mortar cannon!\" Pretorius said, firing it at Ace Ventura's butt. A missle came shooting out of it, and Ace Ventura's butt zipped out of the way causing it to go into fly into a pipe-looking tube that Bub built and send it back to Pretorius. Pretorius went flying through the air. When Baxter Simon, Tex Clobber, and Pretorius landed, they found themselves in the back of a dump truck filled with fertilizer. By the time they were done, Eve and Peggy got dressed and went outside to help them. When the dump truck stopped, Pretorius and the two bounty hunters jumped out of the trunk. \"Let's get those masked freaks!\" Tex Clobber said, angrily. \"Yeah, let's get them!\" Baxter Simon agreed. \"For once, you two are working together!\" Pretorius said. When they get out, they see Eve and Peggy coming toward them. Peggy went to wedgie Tex Clobber, but soon realized the truth. \"Gross, no undies!\" Peggy said, disgusted. \"Alright, now I'm mad!\" Tex Clobber said, angrily. He fired a gun, at Peggy, but the bullets bounced off her. Just then, a giant anvil landed right on top of Tex Clobber. Soon after, Black Magic came up from behind Baxter Simon and yanked his underwear up over his head. Then, Bub punched the ground, opened up a ditch, and Baxter Simon went down in it. Eve hit Pretorius in the back of the head causing it to fall off. Peggy grabbed the head, and held it like a football. Eve transformed into a football player, and kicked the head through the air. Soon after, the head fell into Bub's ditch. Eve and the others went to Peggy's place to celebrate their victory. Soon after, they all fell asleep on the floor, except for Eve and Peggy, who went to the bedroom, took off all their clothes and started making love to each other till they fell asleep. After they were all asleep, they waited for the next day to come, so they could prank more people. To be continued...[Chapter 9] When Eve and Peggy wake up the next morning, they started asking each other some questions about their love life. \"Am I your first?\" Peggy asked Eve. \"Yes!\" Eve said, excitedly. \"Good!\" Peggy said, excitedly. \"Am I your first?\" Eve asked Peggy. \"Yes!\" Peggy said, excitedly. \"Good!\" Eve said, excitedly. \"Yeah, Stanley only managed to get Tina pregnant, and she left him for a celebrity named Semore Butz!\" Peggy said. \"What did they name the baby?\" Eve asked, curiously. \"Ikistare!\" Peggy said, laughing. \"Ikistare Butz as in I kissed their butts?\" Eve asked, trying not to laugh. \"Isn't that funny?\" Peggy asked, trying to keep a straight face. \"You bet it is!\" Eve said, laughing. The two girls started laughing until tears went down the eyes. Just then, Bub, Black Magic, and Ace Ventura's butt start laughing because they heard their conversation. Peggy tried to think of a name for Ace Ventua's butt. \"What shall we call you?\" Peggy asked Ace Ventura's butt. \"Just call me 'Booty'!\" Ace Ventura's butt said. \"Okay, we shall call our team 'Team PEBBMB!\" Peggy said. \"What's that stand for?\" Booty asked. \"Peggy, Eve, Bub, Black Magic, and Booty!\" Peggy told Booty. When they get out of the house, Peggy and Eve decide they want to get married. \"I'll read you the wedding vows!\" Black Magic said, excitedly. \"I'll be the best man!\" Bub said. \"I'll be the man of honor!\" Booty said. \"When's the wedding?\" Black Magic asked, curiously. \"How about tomorrow!\" Peggy insisted. \"Tomorrow sounds great!\" Eve agreed. \"Then, tomorrow it is!\" Black Magic said, excitedly. Soon after, they see Dr. Neuman and walk up to him. \"I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me before, but this is ridiculous!\" Dr. Neuman said, frightened. They give him an invitation to the wedding. \"Thanks!\" Dr. Neuman said, nervously. Then, they see Lieutenant Kellaway and Officer Doyle walking up to them. \"More masked people?\" Lieutenant Kellaway complained. \"I wonder what they want!\" Officer Doyle said. They give them each an invitation. \"Thanks!\" Lieutenant Kellaway said. \"Yeah, thanks!\" Officer Doyle said, nervously. Just then, Charlie walks by, and they walk up to him. \"Oh, no, not again!\" Charlie said, frightened. They give him an invitation. \"Thanks!\" Charlie said, nervously. After sending out invitations, they all head back to Peggy's home to take a nap. Then, they all go to sleep, and wait for the wedding the following morning. To be continued...[Chapter 10] When Eve and Peggy wake up, the get ready for their wedding. Bub, Booty, and Black Magic also get prepared for the wedding. A few hours later, the wedding starts. Charlie, Lieutenant Kellaway, Officer Doyle, and Dr. Neuman show up with their spouses. A few other people show up. Soon after, Bub sees a blonde-haired woman and walks up to her. \"What's your name?\" Bub asked, curiously. \"My name is Kathy! I used to date Peggy's friend Stanley, I was hoping he'd be here tonight!\" the blonde-haired woman said. \"You didn't hear about Stanley?\" Bub asked, curiously. \"Hear what?\" Kathy asked, curiously. \"He died playing don't wiz on the electric fence!\" Bub told her. \"That's exactly how my husband, Tim, died!\" another blonde-haired woman said. Just then, Booty walks over to them. \"What's your name?\" Booty asked, curiously. \"Wait, did that skeleton's butt just ask what my name is?\" the woman asked. \"Yeah!\" Booty said. \"I've seen weirder things! Anyway's my name is Tonya Avery!\" the woman said. \"Did Tim and you have any kids?\" Booty asked. \"Well, we had one, but the other died at birth!\" Tonya said. \"What did you have?\" Booty asked. \"A boy! His name is Alvey!\" Tonya said. \"Did you have any pets!\" Booty asked. \"We had a dog named Otis! One day, Tim and him were playing frisbee and it fly into a bat cave and Otis went to get it and got bit on the nose by a rabid bat, so we had him put to sleep!\" Tonya said. \"Where was the boy when his father died?\" Booty asked. \"He was in college!\" Tonya said. \"That's too bad!\" Booty asked. \"By the way, why's your face green?\" Tonya asked. \"I'm wearing a mask made of wood!\" Booty told her. \"You mean the Mask of Loki?\" Tonya asked. \"Yeah, why?\" Booty asked. \"Because we gave it back to Loki!\" Tonya said. \"Wait a second, how'd you get it?\" Booty asked. \"My husband, Tim, found it and put it on! He was wearing it when we made love!\" Tonya said. \"Then, what happened?\" Booty asked. \"We had a child with superpowers!\" Tonya told Booty. \"Would you like to see it again?\" Booty asked. \"You mean there's more?\" Tonya asked. \"Yeah!\" Booty said. \"Well, give me one! I want to try it on!\" Tonya said. \"Really?\" Booty asked. \"Yeah, I've always wanted to try one on ever since I found out what it does!\" Tonya said. \"How about you, Kathy? Do you want to try one on?\" Bub asked, curiously. \"Yeah, I always liked wearing the mask!\" Kathy said. \"You tried it on?\" Bub asked, confused. \"Duh! Of course, I tried it on!\" Kathy said. Then, Bub made two more masks. \"I'll take the red one!\" Kathy said. \"I'll take the green one!\" Tonya said. Bub hands them each a mask. Tonya raises the mask to her face, and it turns into a wax/rubber substance causing her to yank it off. \"What was that?\" Tonya asked, curiously. Just then, the mask shimmers in front of her eyes. \"Why is it shimmering?\" Tonya asked, confused. Then, it shimmers again causing her to raised it to her face again. The mask jumps out of her hands and wraps itself around her head. Tonya tries to yank it off again, but her body starts spinning around in a mini-twister filled with thunder, lightning and wind. When the mini-twister stops, we find Tonya totally transformed! Tonya's hair is in a ponytail, and her head is now lime green in color, she is wearing a nice yellow dress with white daisies on it, and on her feet are bright yellow slippers. Soon after, Tonya pulls out a mirror to look at her reflection. \"S-smokin'!\" she says, excitedly. When Tonya and Booty look at each other, and their eyes bug out as they wolf-whistle. Then, Tonya kisses the skeleton on the lips, but Booty felt it anyway. Soon after, Kathy brings her mask to her face, and it turns into a wax/rubber-like substance causing her to yank it off. \"What was that?\" Kathy asks, confused. Just then, the mask starts to shimmer. \"Wait, this mask shimmers, too?\" Kathy asked, curiously. Then, the mask shimmers again causing her to bring it to her face again. The mask jumps out of her hands and wraps itself around her head. Kathy tries to yank it of again, but her body starts spinning around in a mini-twister filled with fire, smoke, and ash. When the mini-twister stops, we find Kathy totally transformed. Kathy's hair is spiked, and her head is ruby red in color, she is wearing a red dress with black roses on it, and on her feet are dark red slippers. \"Foggin'! Wait, I meant to say smokin'!\" Kathy said, excitedly. Soon after, Kathy and Bub look at each other, and their eyes bug out as they wolf-whistle. Kathy kisses Bub on the lips. Then, they all get ready for the wedding. After the wedding, Eve and Peggy went back to Peggy's place and made love over and over again. Several years later, Bub gets married to Kathy, and Booty gets married to Tonya. And they all lived happily ever after... The End","LastChapter":"When Eve and Peggy wake up, the get ready for their wedding. Bub, Booty, and Black Magic also get prepared for the wedding. A few hours later, the wedding starts. Charlie, Lieutenant Kellaway, Officer Doyle, and Dr. Neuman show up with their spouses. A few other people show up. Soon after, Bub sees a blonde-haired woman and walks up to her. \"What's your name?\" Bub asked, curiously. \"My name is Kathy! I used to date Peggy's friend Stanley, I was hoping he'd be here tonight!\" the blonde-haired woman said. \"You didn't hear about Stanley?\" Bub asked, curiously. \"Hear what?\" Kathy asked, curiously. \"He died playing don't wiz on the electric fence!\" Bub told her. \"That's exactly how my husband, Tim, died!\" another blonde-haired woman said. Just then, Booty walks over to them. \"What's your name?\" Booty asked, curiously. \"Wait, did that skeleton's butt just ask what my name is?\" the woman asked. \"Yeah!\" Booty said. \"I've seen weirder things! Anyway's my name is Tonya Avery!\" the woman said. \"Did Tim and you have any kids?\" Booty asked. \"Well, we had one, but the other died at birth!\" Tonya said. \"What did you have?\" Booty asked. \"A boy! His name is Alvey!\" Tonya said. \"Did you have any pets!\" Booty asked. \"We had a dog named Otis! One day, Tim and him were playing frisbee and it fly into a bat cave and Otis went to get it and got bit on the nose by a rabid bat, so we had him put to sleep!\" Tonya said. \"Where was the boy when his father died?\" Booty asked. \"He was in college!\" Tonya said. \"That's too bad!\" Booty asked. \"By the way, why's your face green?\" Tonya asked. \"I'm wearing a mask made of wood!\" Booty told her. \"You mean the Mask of Loki?\" Tonya asked. \"Yeah, why?\" Booty asked. \"Because we gave it back to Loki!\" Tonya said. \"Wait a second, how'd you get it?\" Booty asked. \"My husband, Tim, found it and put it on! He was wearing it when we made love!\" Tonya said. \"Then, what happened?\" Booty asked. \"We had a child with superpowers!\" Tonya told Booty. \"Would you like to see it again?\" Booty asked. \"You mean there's more?\" Tonya asked. \"Yeah!\" Booty said. \"Well, give me one! I want to try it on!\" Tonya said. \"Really?\" Booty asked. \"Yeah, I've always wanted to try one on ever since I found out what it does!\" Tonya said. \"How about you, Kathy? Do you want to try one on?\" Bub asked, curiously. \"Yeah, I always liked wearing the mask!\" Kathy said. \"You tried it on?\" Bub asked, confused. \"Duh! Of course, I tried it on!\" Kathy said. Then, Bub made two more masks. \"I'll take the red one!\" Kathy said. \"I'll take the green one!\" Tonya said. Bub hands them each a mask. Tonya raises the mask to her face, and it turns into a wax/rubber substance causing her to yank it off. \"What was that?\" Tonya asked, curiously. Just then, the mask shimmers in front of her eyes. \"Why is it shimmering?\" Tonya asked, confused. Then, it shimmers again causing her to raised it to her face again. The mask jumps out of her hands and wraps itself around her head. Tonya tries to yank it off again, but her body starts spinning around in a mini-twister filled with thunder, lightning and wind. When the mini-twister stops, we find Tonya totally transformed! Tonya's hair is in a ponytail, and her head is now lime green in color, she is wearing a nice yellow dress with white daisies on it, and on her feet are bright yellow slippers. Soon after, Tonya pulls out a mirror to look at her reflection. \"S-smokin'!\" she says, excitedly. When Tonya and Booty look at each other, and their eyes bug out as they wolf-whistle. Then, Tonya kisses the skeleton on the lips, but Booty felt it anyway. Soon after, Kathy brings her mask to her face, and it turns into a wax/rubber-like substance causing her to yank it off. \"What was that?\" Kathy asks, confused. Just then, the mask starts to shimmer. \"Wait, this mask shimmers, too?\" Kathy asked, curiously. Then, the mask shimmers again causing her to bring it to her face again. The mask jumps out of her hands and wraps itself around her head. Kathy tries to yank it of again, but her body starts spinning around in a mini-twister filled with fire, smoke, and ash. When the mini-twister stops, we find Kathy totally transformed. Kathy's hair is spiked, and her head is ruby red in color, she is wearing a red dress with black roses on it, and on her feet are dark red slippers. \"Foggin'! Wait, I meant to say smokin'!\" Kathy said, excitedly. Soon after, Kathy and Bub look at each other, and their eyes bug out as they wolf-whistle. Kathy kisses Bub on the lips. Then, they all get ready for the wedding. After the wedding, Eve and Peggy went back to Peggy's place and made love over and over again. Several years later, Bub gets married to Kathy, and Booty gets married to Tonya. And they all lived happily ever after... The End","Summary":" Peggy Brandt just got back from Stanley Ipkiss's funeral. Even though they weren't the best of frie","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  M - English - Humor Romance -  Peggy B. - Chapters: 10   - Words: 6,418 - Reviews: 12 - Favs: 3 - Follows: 1 - Updated: 2 10 2013 - Published: 1 22 2013 - Status: Complete - id: 8935431 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Flushed Away: The Next Change of Scene","Author":"Firefall Bangenthump","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3460904","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It goes without saying that the characters of the original Flushed Away are the works of the cosmically creative wizards of Aardman Animation and DreamWorks Studios. It also goes without saying that this story wouldn't exist without the kind words and encouragement of reviewers, to whom I am in debt. This story uses characters introduced in Yet Another Change of Scene of which this entire piece is a continuation. I apologise for the grand-scale self-reference and hope that it will not cause anyone any problems. There was a scrape of metal as the other boat drifted into the Jammy Dodger II 's stern. Rita Malone glared at it and called across to its pilot. \"Watch where you're going you clown, or you'll have us both in!\" \"Calm down, Rita, it wasn't that bad,\" said Roddy St. James, who was watching his companion carefully as one might watch a ticking bomb. \"Oh, as if that's the point,\" shot back Rita. \"Don't think I didn't hear that either! Don't make me come over there!\" She turned her attention back to the luckless pilot, who was frantically trying to get as far away from her as possible. \"I don't think threatening to board them works any longer,\" opined Roddy. \"And you're attracting a little too much attention. Sit down, calm down and relax a little. It isn't as if we're going anywhere in a hurry.\" That much was true. They were just a hundred yards away from the English Channel, the last significant obstacle to their journey home, and they were caught in traffic. Rita glared around her some more, as if using her emerald eyes to set up some kind of inviolable force field, and then sat next to Roddy. \"Typical,\" she muttered. \"There's always a traffic jam.\" \"Well, at least this one has a good reason to exist,\" said Roddy. \"See, this is what happens when someone builds an outlet below high tide. We've got to wait for the sea to go down and open up the way into the Channel.\" \"Stupid way of doing things,\" said Rita. Roddy put a hand on her shoulder comfortingly. \"Yes, it's such a shame they couldn't make the tides go the other way. Maybe they'll do better next time.\" It wasn't much of a joke, but it brought the faintest of smiles to Rita's face. The tunnel here was enormously wide, but there was hardly room to move. Rat boats of all descriptions packed it from side to side, waiting for the tide to subside enough to let them out. A bored-looking French rat in a dirty uniform sat in a small box from which hung a string that blocked the route Channel-wards. The air was thick with noise- engines, conversation in a dozen languages and the occasional collision between the tight-packed flotilla. \"Only the French could arrange something this badly,\" said Rita. \"Yes, only the British know how to queue properly,\" Roddy looked around them. If there was any kind of order, he couldn't see it. Boats should have been taking station in the order of arrival, but nobody was following the rules. Half of the boats were jockeying for a position near the front of the pack, and the other half were trying to keep theirs. The Jammy Dodger II had a natural advantage, being somewhat larger than most competitors as well as carrying enough hidden surprises to sink anything which got in its way. Right now, Rita was one of them. \"This is how they do it at Suez, you know,\" continued Roddy. \"One group of ships passes through in one direction. Ships going the opposite way just have to wait.\" \"Whereabouts do they do that?\" \"Suez,\" repeated Roddy. \"Whose?\" It took Roddy a moment to see the smile on her face. \"Oh, right, a joke. Yes, very good.\" \"I don't even get a sympathy laugh?\" She feigned a pout. \"For that one you'd be lucky to get a suspended sentence and community service,\" said Roddy. Rita laughed. \"All right, maybe it isn't so bad. But it still strikes me as badly-organised. Who built the Suez Canal again?\" \"The French,\" said Roddy. \"My point exactly.\" Rita patted his knee and stood up again. \"You wouldn't think getting home would have been the hardest part of the holiday, would you?\" \"I'm sorry, did we go on holiday?\" Roddy grinned. \"I remember running out of petrol, you nearly dying, me fighting a cat, you falling off a cliff in Monaco, me getting kidnapped, you jumping out of a plane to save me and then me getting shot. At what point did this holiday take place and why wasn't I told?\" \"Well, you can't say we won't remember it,\" said Rita. \"I'm debating whether it even happened,\" pointed out Roddy. \"It doesn't count as relaxing holiday if the most peaceful time was spent in hospital.\" Rita smiled. \"And you were telling me to calm down a few minutes ago?\" Roddy lay back on the bed and put his hands behind his head. \"Oh, I'm not saying it didn't enjoy myself. Just that this probably wasn't what your parents had in mind when they arranged this.\" \"To be honest, I don't want to know what my parents thought we'd be doing,\" said Rita. \"But you're right. I don't think they thought it'd be this interesting.\" \"Well, I wouldn't call it 'interesting' exactly,\" said Roddy. He sat up again and went to join her at the controls. \"Not 'interesting'. Something between 'terrifying' and 'a catalogue of disasters' would have been my preference.\" Rita laughed and slid a hand around his waist. \"I think one or two things might have gone right, though,\" she said. Roddy smiled. \"The jury might still be out on that one as well,\" he joked. Rita poked him playfully. \"You're not winning yourself any favours here, Roddy. Don't make me make you scrape the keel again. You know what happened last time.\" \"You mean the time you asked if I wanted to go for a swim shortly before pushing me into the water? Water, I might add, that you had to scrape the penguins off before you could even see it.\" Roddy poked her back. \"Was it a little chilly, Roddy?\" grinned Rita. \"No, when I said that thing about the penguins I meant it was pleasantly tropical. Of course it was chilly! The icicles on my whiskers didn't give that away?\" \"It was essential routine maintenance, you know. Someone had to do it.\" \"That wasn't essential routine anything. That was tantamount to a keel-hauling.\" Roddy put on an air of offended dignity. \"You're just lucky I don't have a plank to make you walk.\" Rita rested her head against his shoulder. \"Seriously though, Roddy. It hasn't been that bad, has it?\" He smiled at her and took her hand. \"I wouldn't have missed it for the world.\" \"Good,\" she kissed him on the cheek. \"Me neither. And there's nobody I'd rather be with right now you moronic goon! \" The shout was directed to a small boat which shot past them at high speed, darting through the packed traffic, its engine kicking up a spray of water which descended over the Jammy Dodger II . Roddy spluttered and tried to wipe it out of his eyes. Rita glared after the miscreant and wished she had a weapon to hand. The rider turned and looked back at them. For a moment his blue eyes met Rita's green ones, the he flashed an apologetic grin and disappeared. \"So that moment's over?\" said Roddy wistfully. \"All right. I'm going below to get out of the rain. Do you fancy a cup of tea? We're going to be here for a while.\" Rita nodded. \"Thanks. How long is it?\" Roddy shrugged. \"Low tide isn't until eight and it's only one now.\" \"Could be some time then.\" Rita sighed and shook her head to dry her hair. \"Notwithstanding this business,\" said Roddy during dinner. \"I think we've made pretty good time.\" The boats waiting for low tide were now so tightly packed that nobody could even try moving. The Jammy Dodger II was pressed hard up against a barge made out of a packing crate lid, which was crewed by three rats of whom two were asleep at any given time. \"Yeah, it hasn't been a bad run since Monaco,\" said Rita. \"We should be back in a week or two.\" \"I said we shouldn't have stopped in Lyon,\" said Roddy. \"So did I,\" said Rita. \"I said we should go through Lyon. We stopped there because my first mate, whose name eludes me for the moment, was reading the wrong map.\" Roddy conceded that. \"Maybe we should have asked Jasper to fly us home.\" \"In the Flying Malone ? I don't think you could have fitted the Dodger into the passenger seat.\" Rita smiled as she remembered the old inventor and his bizarre airplane. \"I'm sure he could have sorted something out. It was a pity we couldn't stay for Rhys and Sofia's wedding. That would have been quite a party!\" \"We don't have a good record with parties in Monaco,\" said Rita, shaking her head. \"I'm pretty sure the Mafia wouldn't be at the wedding of the British Naval Attaché and the French Ambassador. Did they ever work out which one of them was going to resign in order to avoid a breach of professional ethics?\" \"Last I heard they were going to toss a coin for it. And I wouldn't trust the Mafia not to turn up. Those guys were shadier than the Toad.\" Rita put her plate aside. \"Well, it wouldn't be so bad even if they did. I mean, my guardian angel would be there too.\" Roddy winked at Rita, who chuckled and smiled at him. \"Are you going to stop calling me that? \"That depends. Are you going to stop saving my life at the last possible second?\" Roddy took her hand. \"If it stops you calling me a guardian angel? I might start endangering it myself!\" Rita squeezed his hand gently. Somewhere ahead of them, a bell rang. The rat in the box let down the string and the front ranks of the waiting boats began moving off down the tunnel. The conversation was abandoned as they readied the Dodger to follow. The leading boats of the flotilla were already out of sight. \"Pre-departure checklist,\" said Rita in a businesslike tone. \"Checklist ready, captain,\" Roddy took his place beside her. \"Check engine,\" said Rita. \"Engine check,\" said Roddy, peering at the row of gauges in front of him. \"Rudder amidships.\" \"Rudder amidships.\" \"Stowage.\" \"Stowage check.\" \"Oil pressure.\" \"Pressure in the green.\" \"Fuel?\" \"I'm sorry, but did you ever do this before I turned up? I mean, I see it's important to check that the boat works but really, you'd have been talking to yourself.\" \"Fuel?\" \"Not that there's anything wrong with that. So long as you didn't expect an answer.\" \"Fuel?\" She smacked him cheerily upside the head. He winked and looked at the meter. \"Fuel che…oh dear.\" She looked up and peered at the reading. \"How is that possible? It was nearly full!\" Roddy looked over his shoulder and saw a tell-tale shine on the water by the stern. \"I think we might have sprung a leak,\" he said. Rita saw it too, and ran to peer over the side. There was a paper-thin gash in the hull where the other boat had struck them. It wasn't much, but it had been done hours ago and there was no telling how much fuel had leaked out. Ignoring the chorus of shouts and horns they were attracting by remaining stationary, she called Roddy to help her patch it over. A sticking plaster did the job, but the damage had already been done. \"We're going to have to refuel,\" she said, going back to the controls. \"Any ideas about the nearest place?\" Roddy looked at the maps. \"We could make it to Calais and refuel there again.\" Rita shook her head. \"I'm not taking us into that port again, not after last time. Besides, we could only do it then because the Bruces were here to help.\" \"There's never a Bruce when you need one, is there?\" said Roddy. \"Well, that's the only thing I can think of. I mean, we could look elsewhere but that'd be guessing. Do you think it's really that bad? I mean, surely there's enough left to get us across the Channel. Once we're back in England we should be able to find something easily. Or talk to someone who knows where we can get some.\" Rita looked at the gauge sceptically. It was just possible he was right…and it was also true that trying to find fuel in France would mean taking a wild guess which could go seriously wrong. She sighed. It was a risk worth taking. \"All right, we'll try to cross. And just hope that there's no cross-current or strong headwinds, because if there is…we'll need to hope the Dodger can run on vapours.\" The stars glittered coldly overhead. It was a night that deserved the description of 'crisp'. Everything seemed sharper, from the starlight to the bitter wind that was slicing down from the North Sea. Ahead of them, England was a shimmering band of light on the horizon. Rita shivered and hugged her coat tighter around her body. The fuel gauge was still reading worryingly low, and she was beginning to hope that it was the gauge that was wrong. Still, it was too late to turn back now. Roddy stuck his head out from the engine room. \"I've checked every container. There's no more petrol here, although I did wonder whether that old orange juice would work.\" \"We have orange juice on board? I didn't know that!\" \"I believe you,\" said Roddy meaningfully. \"Well, that's good. I like orange juice. We could have some with breakfast.\" Rita said. \"Ah, no, I don't think so,\" said Roddy. \"With this orange juice it wouldn't be breakfast, it'd end up being the Last Supper.\" \"Oh.\" Rita paused. \"It's like that is it?\" \"Well, I tried to find out but it kept pushing me away,\" said Roddy. \"Yes, it's that bad. Can we throw it overboard before it evolves any further? Fruit juice shouldn't be able to stand up by itself.\" \"Why not? Is that what bottles are for?\" asked Rita. \"I meant without the bottle,\" said Roddy pointedly. He went below and came up holding a cardboard container caked with mould. Holding his breath, he heaved it over the side and nodded in satisfaction at the splash. \"And good riddance. How's the fuel situation, Captain?\" He went and stood beside her. She grimaced and shook her head. \"Not good. I'm hoping that the gauge is stuck and giving a false reading.\" Roddy squinted at it in the dark and tapped it once or twice with a knuckle. The needle jerked in response and sank even lower. Roddy winced. \"Well, it was stuck,\" he managed. \"I really, really hope you just broke it Roddy,\" said Rita quietly. \"Because if that's right, we've got ourselves a bit of a problem.\" She looked up. \"Maybe we should cut the engines completely and see where we are in the morning. I can't navigate by night. I can't tell distance.\" \"By morning we could be in the Azores,\" said Roddy. \"We've got to keep going.\" Rita nodded. \"Yeah, you're right. I know.\" She patted the wheel encouragingly. \"Don't let us down, old friend. You can make it.\" Roddy began unpacking a sheet of canvas from the forward locker. \"I don't suppose we have a foldaway mast you haven't told me about?\" Rita scratched her nose. \"There's the funnel and that's about it. What are you thinking about?\" \"Rigging a sail, of course.\" The canvas caught on a protruding nail. Roddy heaved hard and it gave way with a tearing sound. He staggered backwards and fell over, the canvas piling on top of him. Rita watched him struggle for a moment or two before sympathy overcame her and she extracted her companion from under the pile. Roddy dusted himself off and looked up at her sheepishly. \"You're probably about to make some kind of cutting remark about what just happened. Can we just skip that bit and think about whether a sail could actually work?\" Rita smiled and shook her head. \"You take all the fun out of my life Roddy. Well…I guess a sail might work. We've still got the poles from the sun shade. But the wind is coming in from the north. We'd not have much control over where it took us.\" \"I thought you could sail into the breeze?\" said Roddy. \"You can,\" said Rita, who had forgotten more about seamanship than Roddy had yet learned, \"although it's more sailing across it than into it. Besides, that takes a special kind of rigging and a professional crew who knew what they were doing. Francis Drake might be able to get away with it, but not us.\" \"My goodness, are you admitting that there's something you can't do?\" Rita nodded. \"Yes. I am admitting that I am not Francis Drake. It isn't as if sewers get you much practice with sailing boats.\" Roddy bundled the canvas. \"Well, I'll start trying to set this up in case we run out of fuel.\" He stood up, not realising that he had a foot on a fold of the material, and pulled it out from underneath him. \"Need a hand there?\" asked Rita sweetly. \"Or would you prefer a brain?\" \"No, thank you, I'm fine. And you can stop offering me body parts before you get to anything inappropriate.\" He picked himself up. \"Are you sure about the brain?\" \"Why, do you know someone who has one?\" Roddy grinned. Rita was poised to deliver a fittingly devastating response, when the engine made a noise like a donkey being chainsawed and stopped. For a moment everything was silent, except the lapping of water against the tin hull. \"Maybe the sail isn't a bad idea after all,\" said Rita quietly.[Chapter 2] The sail creaked in the wind. Roddy pulled a corner tight and lashed it against the funnel of the boat, wishing that they had the mechanical arm to help. But the arm was reliant on power from the Dodger 's alternators, and the alternators were connected to the dead engine. The canvas caught the wind and billowed out as it filled. Roddy grinned hopefully and looked back to the cockpit, only to sober up rapidly when he saw the look on Rita's face. \"You don't think this will work?\" \"Oh, it'll work all right. It just won't get us home. We're being blown south-west. I knew a north wind would do this to us.\" She sighed. \"So should we take it down?\" Roddy moved to do just that, but Rita stopped him with a wave. \"No, no, leave it. We'll be blown that way in any case. At least this way we've got some control over it.\" Roddy nodded and joined her. The cockpit was lit by a single small bulb powered by the Jammy Dodger II 's pack of AA batteries. By its feeble light he rifled through the maps until he found one that showed the southern reaches of the English Channel. Using his fingers as a ruler, he made a few estimates with the assistance of the magnetic compass built into the dashboard. \"Well, it could be worse. By my reckoning we're being blown towards the Channel Islands. Well, at least we'll be on British soil.\" He squinted closer. \"Not much of it, I'll grant you. It looks like we're headed for Burhou.\" \"Did you make that name up?\" Rita looked at him sceptically. \"No, no, that's what it says here.\" Roddy pointed to it. Sure enough, Rita read the lettering: BURHOU ISLAND- NO LANDING \"Do you think we can find fuel there?\" asked Roddy. \"How should I know?\" said Rita. \"Oh, nuts, I didn't mean to be rude. But I really don't know. We should be almost at Portsmouth by now rather than stuck out here.\" \"Look on the bright side,\" said Roddy. \"Columbus was relying on the winds as well. And Columbus didn't have the faintest idea where he was either.\" \"Didn't he?\" Rita couldn't help but smile. Roddy's trivia was a blessing sometimes. It kept her mind off other things. \"He thought he'd found a short cut to the Spice Islands,\" said Roddy. \"That was why he sailing around in the first place. He thought that they were somewhere to the left of Portugal. It didn't occur to him that there was a continent in the way. Which he never sighted by the way. He only saw some of the islands.\" \"So why is he so famous?\" Roddy shrugged. \"I guess he had a good press secretary.\" \"Maybe he isn't such a good role model, then,\" said Rita. Roddy finished tying the sail into position. \"Well, unless some more fuel materialises in the tank, there's nothing much we can do. You should get some sleep. I'll make sure we don't run into any whales.\" Rita yawned. \"All right, you can take first watch. And be careful.\" \"What of? We've lost the engines. It isn't as if there's anything out there except the islands.\" \"Because you never know, Roddy. With particular emphasis on you .\" She gave him a cocky grin. \"Is Rita Malone giving me a lecture on boat safety?\" Roddy raised an eyebrow and took the controls. \"You can say what you like,\" she replied. \"My family has never had a battleship blown up beneath them.\" \"There's a first time for everything, captain,\" said Roddy innocently. Rita laughed and stretched out on the bed in the stern. \"Just watch the compass. Make sure we stay on course for Burgoo Island.\" \"Burhou,\" said Roddy. \"Exactly.\" Roddy saluted. \"Not a problem, ma'am! Third star to the right and straight on 'till morning!\" Rita sat up and looked at him quizzically. Roddy's grin faded slightly. \"All right, it's not important. I'll wake you in four hours.\" \"Good night, Roddy.\" Rita settled down again and closed her eyes, telling herself to relax. It wasn't much use. The boat was lost in the English Channel and there was every possibility of missing the Islands altogether and being blown further west. The best they could hope for them was to wash up against the French or Spanish coasts. Better than being swept into the Atlantic. She shivered at the thought. It wasn't that she was afraid, exactly, but everything she had done in the past had been a calculated risk. This was blind chance. Rita remembered the traffic jam, and the blue-eyed pilot who had come close to hitting them- maybe they hadn't used up all their luck yet. Four hours passed without incident. Roddy stretched, yawned and made his way to the stern. The wind was picking up and the sail strained against the lines. Rita was curled up against the side to protect herself from the chill. Roddy touched her shoulder gently.[Chapter 3] \"Hello, Rita,\" said Roddy cheerfully, waving to her from the side of the Jammy Dodger II . \"Guess who I found?\" \"Commander Rhys Seddon-Tavish and Sofia de Lesseps?\" suggested Rita. Roddy stared at her open-mouthed. \"How could you possibly-?\" \"I made a friend as well,\" explained Rita. She gestured to a blue-eyed rat who was following her along. \"This is Special Agent Valentine of InterPol. He's looking for Rhys and Sofia. And we have a very big problem.\" \"I know. I didn't find any fuel either.\" Roddy eyed the newcomer with faint suspicion. \"Bigger than that,\" said Rita, with feeling. \"Are they with you?\" Roddy nodded and called them over. \"Good to see you again, Rita,\" said Sofia warmly. \"I am so pleased to see that you are well.\" \"Hello, old thing,\" said Rhys. Rita nodded to them. \"Glad to see you both again. How was the wedding?\" \"The wedding was beautiful,\" said Sofia. \"But I am reserving judgement on the 'oneymoon.\" Rhys grinned and rolled his eyes. Valentine stepped forward and saluted. \"I can't say that it's going to get much better, ma'am. I have some bad news.\" \"What could it be?\" Rhys was puzzled. Roddy looked over to Rita and was shocked by the grim look on her face. Something must be seriously wrong. Valentine continued. \"If you remember the World Cup, a plot to destroy the capital under London was narrowly averted.\" \"Yes, I think I can recall reading about that,\" said Roddy sarcastically. Rita shot him a warning look. \"The instigator of that plot was a mastermind known as the Toad,\" said Valentine. \"He didn't seem that bright to me,\" said Roddy. Valentine ignored him. \"Following the World Cup, he was brought into custody and sentenced to exile where he couldn't do any more damage. It was quite hard to find a suitable place because no other countries were willing to deal with him. As a result, he had to be isolated on British territory.\" Roddy had a nasty feeling he knew where this was going. \"He was sent here,\" said Valentine. \"Burhou Island was thought to be as far removed from anywhere as possible. It was believed that he couldn't cause any trouble here. All we had to do was keep people away.\" Rhys was stunned. \"Why were we sent here then?\" \"Crossed wires,\" Valentine shrugged. \"It happens. The Toad's location wasn't meant for public knowledge and InterPol is very good at keeping secrets even from the diplomatic corps.\" Roddy tried to catch up. \"So the Toad is here? On this island? With us? Now?\" Valentine nodded. \"Well, he can't be much of a threat, surely?\" Rhys looked up. Sofia was pacing the deck in clear agitation. \"The plot has thickened considerably,\" said Valentine. \"Which is why I'm here. There is a fuel pipeline running across this island. It supplies the needs of the humans living on Alderney Island nearby. We believe that pipeline to be under threat from the Toad.\" \"What makes you think that?\" asked Roddy. \"We received information from French authorities regarding the activities of a fugitive called Le Frog.\" Valentine's mouth twitched with distaste. \"He was caught trying to smuggle himself aboard a ship heading for Alderney. He was released as he had committed no crime, but everything seems to be pointing towards a new plot.\" \"But Le Frog was very 'elpful to us in Monaco,\" said Sofia. \"I did not know 'e was a criminal.\" \"Le Frog serves Le Frog,\" said Rita. \"I'm sorry, Sofia.\" Rhys shook his head. \"So you think there's foul play here?\" \"Yes, but we don't know details. That's why I'm here to investigate. Commander and Madam Ambassador, I must ask you to leave this place. It's too dangerous.\" \"I wouldn't leave even if we could,\" said Rhys defiantly. \"This sounds like you might need our help. As a commissioned officer of Her Majesty's Fleet, I simply won't allow myself to miss out on the fun. Out of duty, naturally.\" He winked at Roddy, who tried not to laugh out loud. Valentine blinked. \"You…can't leave? But how did you get here?\" \"We flew,\" said Sofia. \"Rita, I am sure you'll be pleased to know that Jasper 'as got that contraption of 'is working much better. It 'ardly crashed at all getting 'ere.\" Rita smiled at the news. \"Are the Bruces still with him?\" \"I think the Bruces are a permanent condition,\" said Sofia, laughing. \"So it's settled then,\" said Rhys happily. \"Everybody stays and we all join forces to beat this Toad wallah.\" Valentine tried to argue. \"Sir, I really can't allow that! I'm under orders!\" \"What was your rank again, Mr Valentine?\" \"Sergeant of police, sir. Special Agent by secondment.\" Valentine drew himself to attention. Rhys nodded. \"Well, I'm a Commander of the Royal Navy and a stubborn fool by nature. Isn't that right, darling?\" \"It is true,\" affirmed Sofia, smiling. \"Thank you,\" said Rhys. \"So, sergeant , like I said. It's settled.\" \"You flew out here with Jasper?\" said Roddy.[Chapter 4] Somewhere in France, Jasper walked around the front of the Flying Malone , his customised model Lancaster flying machine. \"If you keep doing them circles, mate, we'll end up with a ditch,\" said Bruce. Jasper had long since given up trying to tell the two Bruces apart. \"Or a moat.\" \"Shouldn't you be working out where we are?\" said Jasper. Bruce waved a map. \"Done it, mate, done it. We're some place around here.\" He pointed, and frowned in concentration before turning the map the other way around. Jasper rolled his eyes. \"Never mind. Where's your friend? He should be back by now.\" Bruce shrugged, pulled his jacket around him and looked up, where a large glowing BP sign cast a green and white light across the scene. To Jasper's irritation, the Flying Malone had come down somewhere near Le Havre with its fuel tanks running dry. Despite long hours of work, the best efforts had failed to improve the Lancaster's fuel efficiency which was marginally worse than that of its real-life counterpart. It had been sheer luck that he had been able to land the dying plane on the flat roof of a service station, so at least petrol was close to hand even if actually getting it was proving a problem. Bruce One had volunteered to go and get some, and a length of twine hung over the edge of the roof to the tarmac below. Humans were coming and going at a leisurely pace and Jasper could hear the sound of their vehicle engines. He sat on one of the new floats they had attached to the Flying Malone . Turning the aircraft into a seaplane had been one of his better ideas although it was a matter of necessity since one of the Lancaster's tyres had exploded after a Bruce had attempted an emergency landing and come down harder than expected. \"We'll never make it to Burhou at this rate,\" said Jasper. \"Sofia and Rhys are counting on us to be there on time.\" Bruce jumped down from the wing and patted the old rat on the shoulder. \"Between you, me and the plane, mate, I don't reckon they're expecting punctuality. Besides, it's their honeymoon. We wouldn't want to interrupt them prematurely, would we?\" He leered suggestively. \"That's not the point. How can we build an airline with a reputation for reliable service if we can't even pick up our only two customers on time?\" Jasper waggled a severe finger at his offsider. \"If we've only got two customers, don't you reckon the name 'airline' is a bit much?\" observed Bruce. Far below, the other Bruce was rolling an empty Coca-Cola can along the tarmac and singing a version of On the Road to Gundagai . \"There's a rat with a plane, A pity he's got no brain Along the road to Gundagai…\" He spotted a likely-looking Renault and steered the can towards it, whistling tunelessly. A human opened the car door and nearly stood on him. He ducked around frantically and darted under the human's car. He stood the empty can on end and looked around the chassis speculatively. He spotted what looked like a fuel tank, and drew a nail from his belt. He punched it hard, and grinned when a small jet of petrol came shooting out of the punctured tank. Whistling his song, he moved the can under the stream and leaned against it, waiting for it to fill up. A few minutes passed, and then the car started up with a deafening roar. He threw himself to the ground and covered his ears. It drove off, and Bruce regained his feet and began pushing the full can over to the string. He tied it on, sat on top of it, and pulled the string twice. There was an answering tug, and both rat and can began ascending haphazardly. \"There've got to be easier ways of doing this, mate,\" said Bruce, when he got to the top. The other end of the string was tied around one of the Lancaster's propellers, which the other Bruce was using as a winch. Jasper had a funnel ready and was opening up the plane's tanks. Bruce stepped onto the roof as the lip of the can drew level before turning around and hauling the heavy vessel the rest of the way. \"Blasted thing won't fit,\" muttered Jasper, who was trying to wedge the funnel into the tank. \"No need for that, mate,\" said Bruce Two. He produced a length of rubber tube. \"Siphoning is the way to go.\" They fuelled up the Flying Malone . Bruce Two clambered back into his seat behind Jasper, while Bruce One gave the can a swift kick, and watched with satisfaction as it rolled to the edge of the roof and fell. There was a clatter from below and a human's voice was briefly raised in shock. \"Can we go now please?\" said Jasper in a strained tone. Bruce One nodded and took his seat. \"Contact!\" Jasper punched the ignition and all four engines spluttered into life. He took the brakes off and pointed the plane northwards. \"Runway clear!\" shouted Number One Bruce above the thunder of engines. Jasper nodded and opened the throttle. The plane leapt joyously into the sky. He adjusted his goggles and turned northwards towards the English Channel. Maybe they'd be on time after all! \"It's been too long,\" said Roddy agitatedly. He was pacing up and down by their little camp. It was symptomatic of his feelings that he had neglected his fire which would have burned out some time ago had Sofia not taken stewardship of it. She dropped another bundle of twigs onto the coals.[Chapter 5] Jasper peered over the side of the Flying Malone 's cockpit. \"We've got to be over the coast now!\" he shouted, pointing to the narrow strip of lights now passing under their tail. Ahead of them there was the total darkness you only get over water at night. Number One Bruce nodded. \"I reckon you're right, mate! Not long now!\" He pulled their map out of its plastic pocket. The wind tore it out of his hands and it blew back along the fuselage until it was fielded by Number Two Bruce, who was tying down a loose flap of canvas that had torn free from the biplane wing. He waved it happily. Bruce One gave him a thumbs-up sign and turned back to Jasper. \"This car petrol's doing all right, isn't it? We might be onto something here!\" \"We'll have to wait for the Grand Prix to come back!\" replied Jasper. \"Monaco goes crazy every year with those cars! That's the real high-octane stuff. I can't wait to try it!\" \"All right, but if we're going to start using that stuff I reckon you should be the one who steals it!\" Bruce grinned. \"I don't like the idea of knocking a hole in Michael Schumacher's petrol tank!\" The other Bruce joined them. \"Do we even know what we're looking for out there?\" \"It's an island!\" shouted Jasper. \"How many can there be?\" \"Have you even looked at the map, mate?\" said Bruce Two. \"Of course I haven't, I've been too busy flying! That's what you two are here for!\" Jasper squinted into the darkness. \"Hear that, Bruce?\" said Bruce, grinning. \"And I was thinking we were here to provide stimulating conversation.\" \"No worries, Bruce,\" said the other Bruce, grinning as well. \"So you actually don't know where we're going?\" said the first Bruce. Jasper shook his head. \"I imagine there'll be a signal of some description.\" \"You imagine ?\" Bruce scratched his head. \"Do you want me to fly this thing, mate, while you sit back and imagine some other things?\" \"We don't have that kind of in-flight movie, Bruce,\" said Bruce Two, leering. Jasper turned in his seat and stared at him until he looked away innocently. \"Look, there'll be a fire! Or something! Maybe flares, I don't know, but Rhys and Sofia will have to figure something out or they know we can't find them!\" \" Maybe flares?\" \"Hang on, what's that?\" Bruce Two looked ahead. \"Yes! Maybe flares! Maybe fire! Maybe an embossed invitation from Whitehall! I don't know!\" Jasper kept shouting at Number One Bruce, who responded in turn. \"This is why I said we should do this in daylight! We can't see anything at night!\" \"Mates? There's something down there.\" Bruce Two pointed but was ignored. \"Don't you think I can land this safely in the dark?\" \"I know you can't land this safely in the dark!\" \"Oh, that's rich! What happened to the front tyre again when you tried to bring it in?\" \"That wasn't me, that was Bruce!\" said Bruce, defensively. \"Whatever! I'm not having you making us late by getting us lost!\" \"Oh, the bloke who hasn't read the map is worried about getting lost! Look, mate, this punctuality thing of yours is a little obsessive!\" \"Punctuality is good manners!\" snapped Jasper. \"Which I can see are a bit scarce around here!\" \"I don't care if they're as scarce as rocking-horse manure! I'm saying-\" \"Would the two of you stop going off like a frog in a sock and listen for a second?\" shouted Bruce Two. They did so. \"What?\" they said in unison. Bruce Two pointed ahead. Jasper followed his finger. The eye can see a surprisingly long distance at night, and sure enough, out in the dark sea, a small light flickered invitingly. \"Could that be it?\" asked Jasper. Bruce One consulted the map. \"Well, it's in the right direction! I can't judge distance for buckley's in the dark though.\" \"Then we'll assume it is!\" Jasper altered course towards it. \"I told you it'd work out! A nice easy approach, a nice easy pick-up, we'll be on our way back sure as Robert's your mother's brother!\" \"My mother didn't have a brother,\" said Bruce Two. \"He's speaking metaphorically,\" whispered Bruce One. \"Oh. No worries then.\" The seagulls dumped them unceremoniously in the dirt and snapped away their copper bindings with their sharp beaks. Rita stood up as Valentine tried to get the feeling back in his hands. The Toad dropped off the chief gull's back and sauntered towards them.[Chapter 6] The gulls were surprised by the sudden gunshot, but not half as surprised as they were when a blue flare, spitting sparks, rocketed towards them. They scattered, many taking wing and ascending into the sky even as the first light of dawn began breaking. Rita winced as the blue flare shot past her, close enough for her to smell the cordite. Whoever fired that shot was either very good or very lucky. She looked around at the confusion. The Toad was bellowing orders to the gulls, but her attention focused on a black-clad figure who was running across the open ground towards her. \"Roddy!\" Her heart leapt. It was just like the World Cup- Rita had almost despaired to surviving that until Roddy had turned up to save her at the last minute. Roddy ran over to her. \"Rita, we've got to get you out of here!\" He cut the copper with his sabre and turned to free Valentine, who shook his head. \"No time! No time! Stop him!\" Roddy looked up. There was a fuse trailing from the explosives towards the shack. The Toad was running back along it, a box of matches under his arm. \"You won't win!\" he shouted. \"Now I'll just kill you all right here!\" Roddy took Rita's hand and they set off after him. The chief gull screeched an order and a group of his birds swooped down on the running pair. There was another gunshot, a hiss, and the attacking gulls scattered as a green flare shot through their formation. Roddy looked back. Rhys had moved the gun into a better position and was already slamming the last cartridge into the breech. The officer noticed Roddy's gaze and waved. \"Piece of cake old boy! Just like they taught us! Targets marked, bearings matched! Gun ready!\" Roddy laughed at the irrepressible Rhys, but knew that he had one shot left. They would have to finish this now. \"It's over, Toad!\" he shouted. \"Drop them!\" The Toad turned, match poised to strike. \"It's not over yet!\" he said. \"The glorious amphibian dawn will come today!\" \"Over my dead body!\" said Rita defiantly. \"That was the general idea!\" The Toad laughed and lit the match. Roddy and Rita lunged, but were too late. The fuse was ignited and began burning rapidly towards the pipe. Valentine had succeeded in freeing one of his hands, and was furiously working to free the other. Roddy looked from the Toad, to Rita, to Valentine, and made a decision. \"Take this!\" He pushed his sabre into Rita's hands. She stared at him. \"What do you think you're doing?\" \"You have to cut the fuse, and that's the only thing that'll do it! Go!\" He pushed her away and turned back to the Toad. \"You and I have some unfinished business!\" The Toad laughed. \"You defy me now?\" \"I'll defy you any time I like! Now come on, let's finish this!\" Roddy balled his fists and moved in. Rita was running back down the fuse, trying to overtake the spark. Finally she made a desperate dive, and the razor-sharp sabre severed the fuse scant inches from Valentine's feet. The InterPol officer finally pulled his hand free and looked down, shocked at how close he had come to a fiery death. Rita stood shakily. \"You did it!\" said Valentine. Rita shook her head. \"I've got to save Roddy!\" She picked up the sword and began running back. Valentine saw Roddy and the Toad and took off after her. As he ran, he looked up as a shadow passed overhead. It was the chief gull, and he was diving hard on Roddy's unprotected back. Rhys tracked the gull's arc, took an educated guess at where it was going to be, and opened fire. The last flare was a red one, and it described a brilliant path through the air just ahead of the diving bird forcing it to pull back and come around again. Rhys nodded with satisfaction and drew his own sword, ready to join the fray, when he felt a rush of air behind him. A second gull, one he hadn't seen, had landed and was coming after him. He fended off its ravenous beak with his sabre and forced it back into the air. Dropping the weapon, he began heaving on the Verey gun, hauling it around.[Chapter 7] The Jammy Dodger II floated in the shallows. Ropes led from its railings to the frame of the Flying Malone , which bobbed about a little way off. The group had gathered on the Jammy Dodger II 's deck to share the last leaves of tea. Cans of fuel stood around the deck as Rita removed the funnel from the tank and put it aside. \"Can't fit any more. We'll keep the rest though. No sense letting it go to waste.\" \"That's the spirit,\" said Jasper. \"Waste not want not. Everything comes in handy eventually.\" \"Everything?\" said Bruce. \"With one or two notable exceptions,\" said Jasper, pointedly. The Bruces gave him a thumbs-up sign. \"Do you think the Toad's really gone?\" said Sofia. Roddy shrugged. \"I don't know,\" he said. \"I saw him fall, but we were so high that he might have gone into the water and survived. Mind you, I had my mind on other things at the time. The people on the ground would have had a better view. Did you see anything, Rita?\" Rita shook her head. \"I was too busy keeping my eye on you, Roddy. You got yourself into a bit of trouble there for a minute.\" \"My sincere apologies,\" Roddy grinned. \"Next time I'll try to do it closer to the ground.\" Rhys looked back to the island. Burhou looked as deserted as it had ever been. A few seagulls flew high overhead but they seemed to be giving the little squadron a wide berth. \"I tried to follow his fall but I lost him about halfway down. I couldn't say where he ended up. Even if he is still out there, he can't do anything.\" \"He'll find a way,\" said Rita. \"People like that don't give up. To put them down you have to put them out. You know what I mean?\" \"I think I know someone who fits the profile, yes.\" Roddy poked her. The others laughed. Jasper looked up at the sky. \"I'm sorry to insist on the time,\" he began. The two Bruces groaned theatrically and pretended to fall over. Jasper ignored them. \"We probably should take off. We need to use the daylight while we've got it. My navigators aren't very good at night.\" \"I'm fine at night, thank you,\" said Bruce One indignantly. \"Me too,\" said Bruce Two. \"We got here, didn't we?\" \"Thanks to Sofia's fire, yes. Without that we could be in Cornwall by now.\" \"Which is why, mate,\" said Bruce One, \"I said we should only fly by day.\" \"At the cost of arriving on time?\" said Jasper indignantly. \"I'd rather arrive at all!\" The argument resumed and got quite heated until Rita, rolling her eyes, emptied a bucket of water over the combatants. \"Not on my boat, gentlemen! We do have standards around here. Don't we, Roddy?\" \"Absolutely, Captain!\" said Roddy, snapping to attention. \"And as soon as someone tells me what they are, I shall endeavour to adhere to them!\" Sofia laughed. \"Well, 'e is probably right. It is sad to part from you two again, but at least we are able to do so in 'appiness once again.\" \"Yeah, it hasn't been bad has it?\" Rita shook the ambassador's hand fondly. \"She wasn't the one who lost her trousers,\" pointed out Roddy. \"But sure, it could be worse. There might be snakes on here or something.\" He shook Sofia's hand. Rhys saluted him, grinning. \"We make quite a team, St. James! A pity we keep having to prove it.\" \"I'm sorry you got dragged into this,\" said Roddy. \"Some honeymoon you must have had.\" \"Not another word about it, Roddy. I wouldn't have sat this one out for a million sterling!\" Rhys shook his hand. \"And goodbye to you too, Rita. You'll need to keep two eyes on him in future. He's a perilous type, that one!\" Rita smiled. \"I will. I hope your flight goes well.\" \"It will,\" said Jasper. \"And it'll be on time as well. All right! No need for that!\" he added, as he saw Rita fingering the handle of the bucket again. \"If you see your old dad, tell him…tell him I'll try to fly out for Christmas.\" Rita nodded. \"He'll be glad to hear it.\" The five rowed back across to the Lancaster and cast off the ropes. Roddy and Rita watched the engines fire up and the Flying Malone gathered speed, leaving a trail of white water, before lumbering into the sky. Jasper waggled the wings in farewell before turning back towards France. Snow began falling fitfully. There was no wind and the flakes drifted down in perfect silence, melting almost as soon as they touched the water. One landed on Roddy's nose as he stood up in the cockpit and he sneezed, brushing it off with the back of his hand. \"Bless you,\" said Rita. She was lounging in the pilot's chair, making the occasional course correction with her feet. England was a dark landmass ahead of them and the Channel Islands were out of sight behind. Roddy was glad of that. \"Thank you, your holiness,\" he said, bowing. \"If you were wearing a signet ring, I'd ask to kiss it.\" \"I'll tell you what you can kiss,\" said Rita, grinning. \"No, no, I'm fine with the signet ring if it's all the same to you.\" Roddy looked at the fuel cans lining the stern. \"Well, we got more than we came for back there, didn't we?\" \"In more ways than one,\" said Rita, seriously. \"We'll probably have enough left over to sell once we get back. The money might be useful after a holiday…\" \"We're not even there and you're already talking business?\" said Roddy, surprised. \"We're not home yet. Officially, we're still on holiday. Not that being on holiday has been exactly relaxing so far.\" \"Force of habit. Sorry.\" She looked back over the sea. \"I wasn't serious.\" Roddy looked at her. \"Are you all right?\" \"Of course I am. Why'd you ask?\" \"Well, apologies aren't your strongest suit. And we're not dead and we've got the fuel, so what else is there?\" \"Us, Roddy.\" Rita said the words quietly and then winced. This wasn't a Mills & Boon production, but at the heart of every cliché is a fundamental truth. She went on. \"But I have to say this. I'm sorry. For what I was like back there. With Valentine, I mean…\" \"Two apologies in one day? Don't make a habit of it.\" Roddy smiled as he spoke, but his tone showed his seriousness. He sat back down again and looked at Rita, who was looking profoundly downcast. At least she gave a small smile at the joke. \"Don't worry, this is the last time I'll have to do it,\" she said. \"Seriously, though. I don't know what made me act like that. I would never…do that to you. You're the last person in my world I'd ever hurt. You know that, don't you Roddy?\" He took her hand and nodded. \"Of course I do. And…\" he took a deep breath and remembered what Rhys had told him. \"And I…I love you more than I can say. You know that too, right?\" She looked up in surprise. Those weren't words that would have come easily to him. Roddy shrugged. \"Rhys gave me some good advice when we were looking for you. He was right, of course. I don't say it often enough.\" Rita's eyes softened and she smiled. \"There's something very wrong with you, Roddy St. James. I'm the one who's meant to be doing the apologising around here, not you.\" \"You want to clap me in irons and hang me for mutiny, captain? Go right ahead.\" Rita laughed. \"Really, though. You shouldn't be apologising for anything. I'm the one who should be sorry. And I am. Very sorry.\" Her voice trailed off. \"I know. It's fine, Rita. Don't feel bad.\" He stroked her hand. \"Leave all that on the island. We're going home now.\" She finally met his eyes. \"It's been quite a trip, hasn't it?\" \"It might not be over yet,\" said Roddy. \"Still plenty of things for you to run into out there.\" She poked him. \"For the record, the other boat ran into us, not the other way around.\" \"True, but I don't think threatening to board them was a good idea either!\" Roddy poked her back. Rita laughed. \"Maybe I should have asked Jasper to fly escort until we get back! I can't be too careful with you!\" She retaliated. Roddy tried to dodge and fell out of his seat, getting himself wedged hard between the seat and the cockpit side. He struggled for a moment like a beetle on its back and gave up, looking at Rita beseechingly. Stifling laughter, Rita stood up and offered him a hand. \"Thank you,\" Roddy pulled himself up and dusted his sleeves. \"You see what I meant?\" Rita gently brushed his shoulder. \"Rhys also told me to keep two eyes on you. Maybe he was right about that as well.\" She slipped a hand around his waist, pulling him closer, and smiled. \"Good old Rhys,\" said Roddy quietly. He kissed her. Another snowflake drifted onto his nose and he sneezed again and broke the spell, but by then it didn't matter. \"How did Valentine know I was…what did he say? The hero of Ratropolis?\" Roddy smiled. \"I know I didn't tell him that.' \"I did,\" said Rita. \" You said I was the hero of Ratropolis?\" \"I didn't use those words, exactly.\" \"I can imagine. You did tell him it was a joint effort though, didn't you?\" \"One day, Roddy, you're really going to have to take some credit for that.\" \"It wouldn't have worked without you! It wouldn't have worked without Le Frog either, come to think of it. Or at least not without part of him.\" \"Roddy, Le Frog's anatomy is not something I want to think about right now.\" \"There's someone whose anatomy you would?\" \"Are you suggesting something, Roddy? I saw quite enough of you earlier. You should give advance warning the next time you take your trousers off in public.\" \"That wasn't my fault! That was Bruce's idea! One of them, anyway…\" \"You took them off because a Bruce asked you to?\" \"Oh, now who's suggesting something, Rita?\" \"I'm just saying, you pulled my trousers down when we escaped from the Toad the first time around and you lost your own the second time. That's not a great record there…\" The boat sailed away until the conversation of its crew was lost in the thickening snowfall. Eventually they disappeared altogether. And then there were only the waves on the water… ...and in the distance there were the islands, just as they had always been. The End[Chapter 8] ","LastChapter":"","Summary":" It goes without saying that the characters of the original Flushed Away are the works of the cosmic","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Adventure Romance - Chapters: 7   - Words: 22,097 - Reviews: 17 - Favs: 11 - Follows: 2 - Published: 3 26 2007 - Status: Complete - id: 3460904 "},{"Movie":"Gattaca","Title":"Of Physicists and Janitors","Author":"Convenient Alias","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11953228","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If Vincent kept an eye on all the new employees at Gattaca—well, all the employees that did the actual work, the navigating and the equations and the management, not the janitors and maintenance workers like himself—he did it with only the most selfish of motivations. There was a part of him that catalogued all their small, insignificant traits (mannerisms, clothes, even posture) in order to see what Gattaca looked for in an employee. Of course, that was a foolish impulse. He knew what they looked for, and it was all about the genetics. They required the perfect genetic code, something a faith child like him could never acquire no matter how much he worked on details like posture, portfolio or his handshake. Still, he kept an eye on all the new employees. Besides trying to figure out what Gattaca looked for, he liked to fantasize. He liked to pretend he was one of them, one of the old employees welcoming the new worker, or the new guy himself, perhaps surprised to finally be hired by the prestigious company, perhaps arrogant enough to take it all for granted. He liked to memorize their names and their habits, remember each of their accomplishments. All he did was vacuum and scrub the windows and take out the trash, but this way he felt like he was part of all their achievements. And, lo and behold, one day in April, someone quite interesting showed up. The first time he showed up in a wheelchair, Vincent thought it might be a fluke. He figured the man must have broken his leg or sprained his ankle, probably in some dangerous athletic pursuit only viable to an extremely fit valid like the type they hired at Gattaca. He wasn't wearing a cast, sure, but perhaps something less bulky under his clothes. Either way, the man was left at the bottom of the steps into Gattaca staring up for ten solid minutes, and no one stopped to ask him if anything was wrong or help him. So Vincent, good little janitor that he was, hurried outside to lend a hand. The man didn't notice him approaching, even though the rush of people on their way up to work had already passed him, and now there were only a couple stragglers still climbing the steps, carefully not making eye contact with either the man or Vincent, staring at their own feet. The man didn't seem to notice anything. He stared up the stairs, his eyes unfocused and his mouth slightly open, the sort of hazy expression one rarely found in such a focused, intense environment as Gattaca, even on the maintenance workers. \"Excuse me,\" Vincent said. He was right beside the man, having climbed down all the steps, but the man still neither noticed him nor responded. He shut his mouth with a snap, clenching his jaw tight, and his brow furrowed. But he still didn't answer. \"Excuse me,\" Vincent said, and gently touched the man's shoulder—barely touched it, in case he turned out to be squeamish about physical contact with a janitor. \"Can I be of assistance?\" The man glanced up now, his eyes finally focusing on Vincent, raking over every inch of his frame before settling on the stairs again. Vincent half expected him to go back into his daze again, but instead he said, \"I don't suppose there's a ramp.\" British accent. Huh. \"I think there is, actually,\" Vincent said. \"It's a little bit out of the way.\" He pointed the general direction, adding, \"I can lead the way there, if you want.\" The man smiled stiffly. \"Thank you, I would appreciate that.\" He followed, slowly wheeling behind as Vincent walked towards the side entrance where the ramp was. It was taking a while, and Vincent cursed mentally as he thought about the time he was losing cleaning the bathrooms. Caesar, his boss, would have his head. \"Do you want my help?\" he asked the man. \"Thank you, you are already helping.\" British accent mixed with confusion. \"No, I meant with…\" Vincent gestured awkwardly at the wheelchair. \"If you want me to push you, I can. It must be tiring.\" Although valids did have strong hearts and bodies, so the exertion probably meant little to the man. Predictably, the man tensed and said, \"I think I can handle it.\" Brief. Snappy. Fine. When they got to the ramp, the man insisted on going up that on his own as well, and opening the door for himself. Vincent still followed him in and realized, when they had gotten inside, that the man was still lost. He didn't say anything, but he had begun wheeling himself in the wrong direction entirely, the direction which led to the shuttle launch area. There were no launches for hours, and there was no way a man in a wheelchair would be going on any of them. Vincent ran to catch up (the man could go quite fast when in a temper, apparently) and stood in front of the wheelchair. The man glared at him. Vincent said, \"I'm sorry, sir, but you're going the wrong direction.\" \"How would you know where I'm going?\" \"That's the launch area.\" \"Maybe that's where I…\" A hearty voice cut through the argument. \"Morrow!\" Vincent and the man both turned to the side to see none other than Director Josef striding over, his mouth stretched into a welcoming smile. So the man was in Josef's division. The division Vincent wanted to be in, the one he applied to every few months even though every time his application was yet again rejected. Director Josef said, \"Where have you been? You're fifteen minutes late. I thought maybe you were going to back out.\" He winked—actually winked—at the man in the wheelchair, completely ignoring Vincent. As usual. But Director Josef acting this genial, even towards a treasured employee, was not so normal. Who was this…Morrow? Morrow, whatever else he was, at least did not appear to feel as hostile towards Director Josef as he did towards Vincent. He gave the man a fake smile and said, \"I got lost.\" Which only accounted for the past minute or so, but Vincent supposed he could spin his tardiness as he chose. When he got back to Caesar, he himself would have to come up with a good excuse for not just giving Morrow directions to the ramp and getting back to his own job. Saying he thought it would be more polite was not going to cut it, and he suspected Caesar might guess the truth—that he liked being around actual employees, the kind that wore suits and spent the day doing calculations instead of cleaning toilets, even if he was still only a lowly janitor himself. \"Well, come with me, now,\" Director Josef said. \"I can give you the grand tour.\" \"The wheelchair accessible tour,\" Morrow said. \"I expect that will be rather shorter.\" He was still smiling the fake smile, and Director Josef didn't seem to have noticed anything off, but his hands were clenched in his lap. What was his problem? Heck, if Vincent had been offered a tour of Gattaca by Director Josef himself, he wouldn't have been equivocating about an injury. But Director Josef didn't object to Morrow's tone, only agreeing with the qualification and leading the man off towards the elevator. Almost everyone at Gattaca used the stairs as a point of pride, and the first DNA checkpoint was located right by them, but Vincent supposed for Morrow that wasn't an option as long as he needed to use the wheelchair. As for Vincent, he stood around for another minute imagining that he was going with them, that he was the one Director Josef found worthy of \"the grand tour\". In the end, though, it was too much of a stretch even for an imagination of his flexibility, and he sprinted back to rejoin the rest of the janitors and apologize to Caesar for wandering off. Caesar just shook his head and sighed. \"Sometimes I wonder why I bother with you, kid. It's too early for a launch. What was it this time?\" \"A new employee,\" Vincent said. \"He was stuck at the stairs outside. Couldn't go up them because he was in a wheelchair.\" \"New employee and he's already got an injury,\" Caesar said. \"Hope he doesn't bring us any bad luck. Did you catch his name?\" For all he acted stern and disapproving of Vincent's dreams and shenanigans, there was nothing Caesar liked better than a choice piece of gossip. Vincent grinned. He was more often in the position to hand off gossip than any of the other janitors, and Caesar knew it. Might as well make the boss work for it. \"Yeah, I think the Director may have said it,\" he said. \"Only the last name, though. Not the first. Or the middle,\" he added, just to draw out Caesar's curiosity a little bit longer. For all he knew Morrow didn't have a middle name. For all he knew, the man didn't even have a first name. \"Well, what was it?\" Caesar asked. \"Morrow,\" Vincent said, drawing the word out and wiggling his eyebrows. \"Know anything about him?\" \"If I did, I wouldn't tell you,\" Caesar said, crossing his arms. \"You're much too interested in what's going on with the navigators. I keep telling you, it's our job to clean the shuttles, not ride them.\" \"So you don't know anything.\" \"No. Let me know if you find out anything else,\" Caesar said. Catching Vincent rolling his eyes he said, \"Hey. I can be curious. I don't get any funny notions just hearing about the navigators, do I? It might end up being important to my job. Sometimes I have to talk to these guys.\" \"I'll let you know,\" Vincent said, with a growing sense of exhilaration. Morrow. An employee like any other: valid, intelligent, handsome, entitled and obnoxious. But he had made it in and had Director Josef's approval and friendship, and Vincent couldn't help but feel a certain sense of solidarity with him. He pumped his fist out of Caesar's line of vision. Someday, that was going to be him. /…/…/ When Eugene got home from his first day at Gattaca, he couldn't help but sigh in relief. He maneuvered his way out of the wheelchair and into one of his more comfortable lounge chairs and took out a cigarette. They said they were bad for your health these days, but Eugene didn't have a genetic tendency towards addiction so he could stop smoking at any time, and his heart could take it. And if a car hadn't managed to kill him, he doubted a stick of burning tobacco would. Wistfully, he half wished it would, that the cigarette would turn out to be poisoned, perhaps by some jealous contender for the job he had just gotten, perhaps from the janitor who had shown him into the building wanting to kill him for his tone. He inhaled deeply and exhaled. No, still alive. Pity. He had promised his parents to stop vegetating after the accident, even though he knew he could afford to live off their money a little while longer. He had promised to get a job, clean up his worse habits (the reason he was just smoking instead of sipping some tequila) and act like the well bred man he was. Bred. Ha. The well engineered man he was, more like. Didn't it shame them, seeing the son they had pinned all their ambitions on go to pieces? Wasn't he just such a disappointment? Couldn't even win a gold medal, and now he spent half his time thinking about death. How terribly morbid. But that wasn't fair to his parents. They didn't know everything. He'd told them he'd been drunk when the car hit him, the crowning disaster in his chain of alcohol abuse and the crowning factor in their disapproval. No one had ever found his suicide note, and when he'd gotten out of the hospital he'd torn it up. They didn't have to see his weakness. No one did. No, his parents weren't disapproving (they claimed). Just…concerned. And so he'd promised them to get work, respectable work. He would never do anything as glorious as the Olympics, never again, so now he would do something…reputable. Which was how he had ended up deciding on Gattaca. Inhale. Exhale, spiraling smoke into the air. Fire and breath, both symbols of life. Symbols of failure, in that aspect. Eugene extinguished the cigarette on an ash tray next to his chair and simply leaned back. Gattaca had been supposed to be a noble job. It elegantly combined scientific office work—and despite the fact that Eugene had spent all his life as an athlete, he wasn't actually all that terrible at physics and science—with the idea of a field that had a dream, exploring the far reaches of space and taking terrible risks. People still saw it as a company that made dreams come true, and perhaps Eugene, in joining their staff, had been a little taken in by the hype. One day of work later, he had to face the facts: it was one of the snobbiest establishments he had ever encountered. DNA tests were apparently mandatory just to enter the building, drug tests instituted nearly every day. Ridiculous. Of course, they assured him he wouldn't be subject to as many drug tests due to his disability—dealing with the catheter would be more trouble than it was worth. Eugene had smiled politely and said he appreciated it, privately wondering whether that meant he could show up at work drunk on a regular basis. It would probably help him deal with their idiocy even if it would drive his parents insane and do little to advance his career. He lit another cigarette. Those weren't allowed on Gattaca grounds, so he'd have to get his smokes in the morning and during lunch break, and plenty with his vodka at night. This Gattaca job was going to be just a bundle of stress with nothing glorious about it. He could already tell. /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: So my Gattaca feels are still fairly strong, although I haven't seen it in a month. This is going to be a multi-chapter fic, but probably not all that long. The basic premise I'm working on is: What would happen in a world where the Jerome Morrow working at Gattaca was, actually, Jerome Eugene Morrow? And what would happen in a world where Eugene and Vincent met each other without the whole borrowed ladder arrangement? Would there be bromance? Would there be feels? Anyways, reviews are always much appreciated. I'm trying to finish up Coeruleus, figure out where this is going, and hopefully participate in Small Fandom Fest over at Livejournal. So fanfiction-wise I'm busy and could use the motivation. See you in the next chapter.[Chapter 2] Vincent didn't speak to the elusive Morrow for another four days. When he did, it was mostly by accident. He ran into the guy—actually ran straight into him, wheelchair and all—going around a corner on the way to clean the bathroom. He ended up almost falling in Morrow's lap, but the man caught him with surprisingly strong arms (perhaps not so surprising for such an utter valid) and pushed him back onto his feet again. Vincent blushed and stammered, \"I'm sorry, sir. I guess I wasn't looking where I was going.\" \"In a hurry?\" Morrow said coolly. By the tilt of his eyebrows, he was amused. Vincent gritted his teeth, his face only growing hotter. Valids and their condescension. He would take it from the directors, and he would take it from the more experienced workers here, but he didn't need to take it from the random new guy who looked down on him for holding the best job he could with his genetic status. \"Yes. I have a job.\" He took a step to the right of Morrow, but Morrow grabbed his arm. \"A moment.\" \"I have a job,\" Vincent repeated. \"And you can get back to it in a moment,\" Morrow said. \"You had enough time the other day, didn't you?\" Vincent glared at him, remembering how late the idiot had made him. \"No, I didn't. And…\" He paused. \"You remember me?\" Real Gattaca employees, the ones working on calculations, the ones that someday would go to the stars, never wasted brain space on remembering the names of people lower on the totem pole, janitors and the like. And Morrow was just the sort of snob to forget receiving help, especially from someone like Vincent. But then, it had been only four days. Perhaps that helped a bit. He wasn't a full blown Gattaca man yet. Morrow narrowed his eyes impatiently. \"Of course. I'm crippled, not brain dead.\" Okay, so still the arrogant Gattaca man. Vincent rolled his eyes and was about to retort when his brain processed the second half of that response. Wait. \"Crippled?\" Morrow blinked. Vincent looked at Morrow's face. Then at the wheelchair. Then at Morrow's face again. An idea was slowly blossoming in his mind—the idea that he, Vincent, was acting kind of like a jerk. \"Uh,\" he said after a moment of Morrow just staring at him had passed. \"Sorry. I hadn't realized…\" \"What did you think the wheelchair was for?\" \"Sprained ankle?\" Vincent suggested, and he winced at the look Morrow shot him in return. In retrospect, of course a valid would be far too proud to take up a wheelchair over something that minor. Especially a man like Morrow seemed to be. He expected Morrow to give him a good tongue lashing. But instead, Morrow simply said, \"Paralyzed from the waist down.\" Vincent bit his lip. To ask him how he had been paralyzed would be rude. To ask him how he had managed to get hired with such a disability (at Gattaca, of all places) would be even worse. Instead he said, \"Sorry. What was it you wanted?\" Morrow continued to glare at him, sitting straight up in his chair, hands tensed on the wheels. He said, \"You know your way around the building.\" \"Yes.\" Of course he did. He'd mopped pretty much every hall of it by now, and wandered daydreaming through each of them in turn when the work was done. \"I can't find Director Josef's office,\" Morrow said. \"Show me the way there.\" His tone was demanding, angry. Even at Gattaca people were generally more polite when making a request. Condescending, but not so confrontational. Vincent sighed. \"Sure.\" He would have to have patience with Morrow. After all, a moment ago he had been rather rude himself. Morrow nodded briskly and gestured with his hand for Vincent to lead the way. \"It's the other direction,\" Vincent said. Morrow did not respond, but narrowed his eyes a little bit more. Vincent shook his head and started walking, trying to ignore Morrow's eyes on his back and instead focus on the sound of the wheels turning behind him. It only took a few minutes to reach the hall where Director Josef's office was. Vincent pointed out the correct door, and Morrow began to move past him before pausing at his side. He bit his lip and lowered his gaze. \"What?\" Vincent said. \"Need anything else?\" He sure hoped not. He should have been well at work on cleaning the bathroom by now. \"No,\" Morrow said. \"Well then,\" Vincent said. \"Have a good meeting.\" He pushed aside a frisson of jealousy—Someday, he swore, he would become a Gattaca employee for real and have meetings with the directors himself. And then, he wouldn't feel vindictive towards his coworkers, only the camaraderie of the chosen, those who had created for themselves success. If he had snatched his from the jaws of defeat, he would only be the more proud of his presence in their company. \"Stop,\" Morrow called out as Vincent walked away. \"What is it?\" Vincent said, pausing at the corner. Morrow said, \"Thank you for showing me the way here. And for helping me get in the other day.\" \"Any time,\" Vincent said. Was that all? He had thought it would be something dire. Morrow was still staring at the ground in utter embarrassment, so he added, \"You're very welcome. It was nothing. Call it part of my job to help Gattaca's physicists.\" Morrow nodded and abruptly swiveled his chair and rolled away to knock on the director's door. Vincent shrugged (despite knowing Morrow wouldn't see it) and headed back to clean the bathroom. When he spoke to Caesar later, he told the man that Morrow had actually turned out to be a paraplegic, not simply affected by a temporary injury. Caesar grew even more curious, of course, and asked what had caused the paralysis, how he had still managed to get hired, how long ago the accident was—question after question. Vincent could only shrug to most of them. \"Tell me you at least got his first name.\" \"No,\" Vincent said. \"It didn't come up.\" In retrospect, he really should have asked. The man was quite interesting, and even if the name never came in handy again, at least he could have looked up his records and figured out a little more about him. Caesar shook his head at Vincent's idleness and told him to get back to work, as if he had never been interrogating him in the first place. Vincent did so. It could have been quite a while before Vincent found anything else out about Morrow, even his first name. The maintenance staff and the more distinguished workers didn't interact that often, and Vincent knew sooner or later Morrow would actually figure out how to navigate the Gattaca complex. But Vincent was too curious to wait for a few more weeks to find out something as basic as the man's name, and he was too aware of Gattaca's social norms to approach the man and actually question him. He suspected such an attempt would garner little from Morrow but his contempt, no actual answers. Instead, he carefully observed Morrow and found the location of his work desk, fairly close to the door most likely so that he wouldn't have to wheel all the way around the room. Fairly considerate for Gattaca's directors, but then, Director Josef did seem to esteem Morrow's presence in the company. The desk was already messy after only a week or so of Morrow working there, so Vincent knew his chances would be fairly good. He had worried—the man seemed somewhat snobby and fastidious—but people's pride didn't always extend to their workplace, and Morrow was perhaps the type to care more about his personal appearance than his environment. Either way, it worked to Vincent's advantage. He was assigned to clean the main work space only a few days after he had determined his plan, and while he usually spent about half his time there sitting at the computers, pretending to type and occasionally hacking in to see what kind of programs and flight plans the physicists had been working on, today he did something slightly different. He sat down at Morrow's desk, but instead of examining his notes (and he had an actual notebook lying sloppily beside the computer, honestly, who used those anymore?) or playing with the computer, he sorted through the mess on Morrow's desk, carefully looking for one thing and one thing only: a hair. He found several, and tucked them all into a small contained he had brought in the bulky pockets of his janitor uniform. Then he carefully placed all the papers and various objects (and seriously, how had Morrow even managed to create such a mess in only a week?) back where they had been. Hopefully no one would be able to tell he'd been there. He'd been careful not to leave any hair or DNA of his own behind—perhaps some sweat or fingerprints were still on the notebook, but nothing worth noting. He took the hairs to one of those places that weren't supposed to exist, where they would give you the records connected with the DNA without asking you why you needed it or whether you had a right to it. Perhaps he felt a bit guilty. But it was hardly an uncommon practice. Every time he'd asked for a job, he knew his possible employer had done the same. He had even heard of lovers doing it without each other's permission to see if dating was worth the time. Morrow's full name, as it turned out, was Jerome Eugene Morrow. Jerome. Vincent rolled the name over his tongue, and rolled his eyes. A grand, strong name for a man so arrogant. A thoroughly valid name, solid and dependable. He smirked a little at the idea of nicknaming him Jerry before moving on to the rest of the profile. It wasn't a place that gave you the background of the person with the DNA unless you paid extra, and Vincent didn't feel comfortable for asking for such a thing. It did, however, read the person's genes quite thoroughly. Morrow had the heart of an ox and a strong body to match—nothing Vincent couldn't have guessed. He was not susceptible to illnesses, and had no genetics pointing towards any particular ailments. He scanned the rest of it, already satisfied that Morrow had a far better lease on life than Vincent or any invalid. The man's genes were phenomenal, even better than those of most Gattaca navigators. It was no wonder the director had been eager to welcome him to Gattaca. Most likely the only disappointment was that Morrow's paralysis wouldn't allow him to go to space. Shame. The closest thing Morrow had to a risk factor was a chance of clinical depression, and even there the risk was only about one percent. Vincent had paid attention to his psychology class in high school. He knew an illness such as depression was unlikely to manifest without both the possibility inherent in the man's genetic code and stressful circumstances. Perhaps he could develop depression after being paralyzed from the waist down, a depressing enough experience, but it was only a one percent chance, and up until the accident he must have been living the life of the pampered elite. Vincent shook his head. Genes said Morrow was destined to a happy life, long and healthy. Well, they had gotten him a position at Gattaca but they hadn't saved his legs. So in one way at least luck favored him less than Vincent. He would remember it for the future, a piece of encouragement when he was tempted to give up on Gattaca hiring him. Fortune favored who it would, genetic code or no. /…/…/ Eugene was at least ten minutes late to his meeting with Director Josef, but the director excused him, although not before making it quite obvious that he was overlooking Eugene's flaws (\"your lack of punctuality\") because, of course, with his recent trauma (\"after going through such a difficult experience\") he could not be held to the same standards as all of the other Gattaca employees. That and the fact that he was apparently doing excellent work so far, and his genetic code and history were both beyond all expectations. The attitude left Eugene unsure whether the director was condescending to him because of his paralysis or giving him special privileges because of his ever-so-wonderful genetic code, his incomparable validity. One thing was for certain: Josef was interested in him. Eugene doubted he called all employees into private meetings only a week into their employment, and in truth the discussion was hardly essential. He was asked if the facilities were sufficient to accommodate his disability—he said yes, holding back from mentioning that they barely sufficed. Josef didn't inquire further. Instead they ended up discussing swimming, the Olympics, and of course Gattaca's standards, Josef's favorite topic. Eugene got the feeling he was supposed to be basking in some sense of elitism with the director, feeling companionship with this man who, like him, clearly had the genes of a superior man. So he smiled, stopped himself from saying anything too cross or inflammatory (which made him hold back about half of what he wanted to say, perhaps more) and accepted a glass of Director Josef's wine. He enjoyed the wine. That didn't change the fact that he hated Director Josef. He hated everyone at Gattaca. A bunch of snobbish idiots. All right, not idiots—most of them did advanced physics and could probably have worked about a dozen different jobs. It was fashionable for the valid elite to be a renaissance man, as Eugene's own parents. So they were all very smart. Didn't change the fact that the most tolerable person Eugene had met at Gattaca so far was still the janitor who had let him into the building his first day at work. That didn't exactly say anything good about the company. Or perhaps it said something about Eugene himself. He suspected half the reason he had liked the man (to an extent) was the fact that at least around the maintenance, he didn't have to hide his foul mood. Still, the janitor had been considerate, if terminally awkward. So Eugene was somewhat pleased when he ran into him again two weeks into his new job, and even more pleased when he managed to hold an actual conversation with the janitor instead of instead of passive aggressively trailing him around Gattaca's hallways. See, he could be an adult. When he ran into the janitor for the third time (although this time not literally, which was nice after their tempestuous second meeting) he was technically already supposed to be at home. It was about an hour after the Gattaca employees had trailed out of the building, and he had already logged in his hours. But he had lingered too long in the bathroom and then realized he had left his cell phone at his desk. Usually he would have just left it there and gone home, too lazy to return and well aware how unlikely it was that anyone would call him, especially over his cell phone rather than his home phone. But it was a Friday, and it was just barely possible he would want it over the weekend. So he rolled his eyes and rolled back to the main work room and hoped no one would notice he was still there an hour after he should have left, with most of the lights in the building turned off to save electricity except where the staff was cleaning up from the busy week. He managed to evade the questioning gazes of all the janitors until he got to the actual work room. There, among desks and computers and occasional junk like his, he spotted the first person he'd seen since fleeing the same room earlier as soon as the work day was done. Well, he spotted the vacuum first, to be honest, and prepared himself to make excuses as to why he was still there, or perhaps to glare at whoever it was until they let it be. But when he did see the person there, it was the same janitor who he'd met twice already, and he wasn't cleaning. He was sitting in the chair at the desk (and it was Eugene's desk, of all the desks in the room!) with his fingers poised over the keyboard, staring at the powered down screen of the computer as intently as the most diligent physicist in Gattaca's hire. For a moment Eugene wondered if the janitor was delusional, perhaps the reason he couldn't get a better job in the first place. Perhaps he was having some kind of a fit or a flashback and believed there was something actually on the computer screen, that he was actually getting work done. If that was the case, should Eugene wake him out of his daze, or leave him be, or perhaps find one of his coworkers who would be familiar with his fits? He had about decided to go find whoever was the head honcho among the janitors and let him take care of the problem when the janitor's lips twitched, and Eugene finally recognized the look on his face—not the look of a manic having a hallucination, but the look of a child playing pretend. Playing pretend at being a Gattaca navigator. Eugene sighed. If he thought too much longer about this it was going to get depressing. Instead, he spoke, breaking the silence that lay in the room like a layer of dust: \"That's my desk.\" The janitor's head jerked up, and Eugene watched his eyes widen. He could almost hear the thoughts running through the man's head, confusion, embarrassment, defensiveness. He waited for a response. Finally, the janitor said, \"Uh, sorry to get in your way. I didn't think anyone was still here.\" He stood up (and if he knew how much that small action would mean to Eugene, he would never dream of such great wonders as being an astronaut again) and added, \"I'll just get out of your way now. Sorry.\" \"No, no, it's fine,\" Eugene said. \"It's just…If you're pretending to be an astronaut, that's not the right desk.\" \"I wasn't…\" \"I'm not going to outer space,\" Eugene said. \"I'm just one of the people who sits here on planet Earth and runs calculations. Thoroughly grounded.\" His hands pressed against the wheels of his chair. \"So if you want to be an astronaut and go to the stars, you should probably sit somewhere else. I'm not exactly dream material.\" The janitor hesitated. Then, slowly, he lowered himself back into the seat at Eugene's desk. \"Just working with the team. That's the dream.\" \"I suppose I do that,\" Eugene muttered. \"Yeah,\" the janitor said. \"Well. It would be the first step.\" He smiled, uncertainly. \"I suppose I'd like to go to the stars as much as anyone else.\" He crossed his arms when Eugene failed to answer immediately. \"Well? Isn't that your dream too? If you're working at Gattaca…\" \"Not really, no,\" Eugene said. \"Didn't really come here for any of that.\" The janitor stared at the blank computer screen. \"Then why?\" For some reason, on being asked, all of Eugene's rationalizations for the life he was living seemed to crumble into dust. He muttered something incoherent and rolled over to the desk, picking up his cell phone which was lying right next to the keyboard of the computer. The janitor blushed and moved the chair back a bit to get out of his way. \"You're fine,\" Eugene said. \"I am sorry. I mean, I'm just sitting in your chair,\" the janitor said. \"If you need me to get out, I can.\" \"No. I'm on my way out now,\" Eugene said. \"Took me a bit longer than usual, but.\" He shrugged. \"Have to go home now.\" Home to his huge, empty house, where he could get raucously drunk and yell profanities that would echo against the walls, and wake up in the morning with a sore throat and a headache and the lack of embarrassment that followed the realization that it didn't matter what he yelled or how loud he yelled it—no one would hear him anyways. Home, he told himself, to sleep off the week and prepare himself for the next, and try to ignore the fact that none of them led anywhere, that he might be living from week to week but in the time since the accident nothing had really changed except that he was in a wheelchair and did regular physical therapy. Home to realize he couldn't, actually, ignore that fact. Home to ogle his set of kitchen knives and then laugh off the ludicrous notion of staining his clean steel kitchenware with blood. (If he did it, he would slit his wrists this time. A classic, after all. And considering the fact that no one ever visited his house, there would be minimal interference. It would be less risky this time. And he couldn't live through another attempt. He didn't know what he would lose next.) \"Why are you still here?\" the janitor asked. \"I mean, not that you don't have a right to be here. But everyone else is gone. And you weren't at your desk until now.\" Eugene summoned a fake smile and said, \"I got lost in thought in the bathroom.\" This was in fact the truth. Said lightly, it sounded like a joke. No janitor had to know that he had spent nearly an hour staring in the mirror, trying to sort out his thoughts and gather the motivation to move, get out of the building and go home. Trying to remember why he bothered living. \"Yeah,\" the janitor said, apparently taking his senseless excuse seriously. \"I guess everyone does that sometimes.\" Eugene offered another smile in response, unsure what to say. He tucked his cell phone in his pants pocket. \"I suppose I ought to be going.\" \"Yeah,\" the janitor said. \"And I should get back to work.\" He scrambled out of the seat again and reached for the vacuum. \"Well, good luck with that,\" Eugene said. He began to wheel his chair back and then stopped. \"By the way, thank you for showing me around those two times.\" He extended a hand. \"I'm Jerome Eugene Morrow. Call me Eugene.\" Odd. He hadn't told anyone to call him Eugene in a while. In the Olympics he had used the name Jerome because it seemed more suitable for an Olympic contender, and it had become a habit. Everyone at Gattaca called him either Morrow or Jerome, and mostly Morrow. He had gotten out of the habit of asking people to call him Eugene even though it was the name he had always preferred. Then again, no need to stand on ceremony and last names with a janitor, and no need to try to use a more dignified name with him either. And with even his parents calling him Jerome lately, it might be nice to hear the name Eugene from someone. The janitor stared at Eugene's hand for a moment, then with a laugh said, \"Vincent Freeman. Nice to meet you.\" They shook hands, and Vincent's grip was surprisingly strong. Eugene grinned and squeezed really hard back, until he could Vincent's fingers grinding together. Vincent grinned right back and squeezed as well, but couldn't manage to grip as hard as Eugene. When they let go, Eugene laughed. \"I won,\" he said smugly. The small accomplishment pleased him more than getting into Gattaca had. Vincent's smile twitched. Perhaps he was actually mad. Oh well. Eugene had been wanting to mess with Gattaca staff ever since he was hired and holding back the urge. The janitor would have to deal with it. He waved a sketchy goodbye and as he rolled away he heard the vacuum turn on. /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: This story...is weird. Frankly if it weren't such a small fandom I doubt I'd be writing it at all (oneshots are more my forte), but I feel like every fandom needs a few multi-chapter AU fics. So I've been trying. Til now, this story has been very focused on Vincent and Eugene's slowly growing friendship. That will continue, but some more elements will be thrown in soon. So. We'll see. If you have any ideas as to what could appear in this AU, or any opinion of what has come so far: Reviews are much appreciated. I will love you.[Chapter 3] Jerome Eugene Morrow—or rather Eugene, since for some reason the man preferred the worst possible name of his three options—was still a puzzle. Vincent tried not to think about him too much. He'd gotten Eugene's DNA analyzed and that should have shown him everything he needed to know. He'd even talked to him a few times. By now he knew the newcomer as well as he knew anyone in Gattaca, and he suspected better than anyone else in Gattaca knew Eugene. Which should have been enough. The man wasn't all that interesting. Nice, of course. Sort of nice. He hadn't yelled at Vincent for zoning out in his desk, but they still seemed to argue whenever they met and his handshake was absolutely crushing. But interesting? Well, it was like Eugene said. Of all the people working at Gattaca he was the least likely to actually embark on a voyage, the least likely to achieve Vincent's dream. Still, it was interesting that Eugene had admitted it. A man like him was not often self deprecating. He had seemed fiercely proud until their last meeting, and not the best of conversationalists either. Now he was still one of the most awkward people Vincent had spoken to at Gattaca, but maybe that was all his earlier standoffish attitude had been—awkwardness. And some of the things he had said had made Vincent curious. In any case, it wouldn't have mattered whether Vincent had any interest in Eugene or not. The next time they ran into each other was not of his making. Nor was it a coincidence. It was Eugene. Vincent didn't ask for company. He watched the launches every day on his own. The Gattaca engineers and office workers had grown immune to the magic of them, taking the fact that people were launching into space in tin cans for granted. The janitors still thought the launches were pretty cool but they had work to do, and when they saw Vincent staring absently out the window, they would shake their heads and maybe call out to him, tell him to enjoy himself. Sometimes ironically, sometimes sincerely. Vincent didn't mind either way. He enjoyed his solitude. When he watched the launches on his own it was easier to pretend that he was one of the astronauts on one of them, or at least feel the tenuous connection stretched out between the roar of the take off and the beating of his own heart. \"Vincent Freeman! Fancy meeting you here.\" Vincent startled. The voice didn't belong to one of the janitors. He turned from the windows and almost fell (again) on top of Jerome Eugene Morrow himself, who had scooted his wheelchair only inches behind Vincent. \"Sorry,\" Vincent said, recovering. Eugene only raised an eyebrow and smiled genially. \"Um, Eugene,\" Vincent said. \"Good afternoon. How is work?\" \"I'm avoiding it,\" Eugene said. Vincent tried to make a non-judgmental face, but it was difficult when he wanted to scream at the man who was shirking Vincent's dream job. He must not have succeeded because Eugene's smile froze. \"Difficult equation. I'm sure giving it some space will help.\" Vincent nodded. \"Probably.\" \"You aren't working either,\" Eugene said, crossing his arms. \"You're watching the launches. Aren't you supposed to be…\" He glanced over at the mop and bucket sitting on the floor next to Vincent. \"Mopping?\" At least the janitors had a right to complain. \"It will get done,\" Vincent said. \"I like watching the launches.\" \"I noticed,\" Eugene said. \"No one watches them anymore,\" Vincent said. \"They've grown used to them. Even you, and you've only been here for a month or so.\" \"They're pretty,\" Eugene said dismissively. \"But I can't wheel all the way over to the windows every time one of them goes up.\" \"It's only a couple times a day,\" Vincent said. \"Most of your co-workers—all of them—could just walk. They stay seated.\" He shrugged. \"I think sometimes people forget what we're doing here. Sending people off the face of the planet, into the unknown. It sounds good on a resume, working at Gattaca. People forget our mission, the fact that what we do is incredible. They never look up.\" He stopped, blushing as he realized he'd spoken as if he were a navigator rather than a simple janitor. A valid would never let him get away with that. But Eugene only stared at him for a moment before looking out the window and saying, \"Maybe that's why I came over. I wanted to see the launch, remember the dream.\" It would have been kind to let him get away with it. So far Eugene had only been polite. On the other hand, Vincent was tired of valids getting to say whatever they wanted. \"Thought you said it wasn't your dream,\" he said. \"Going to the stars or sending people up.\" Eugene frowned. \"You don't care about the launches,\" Vincent said. \"Do you?\" Eugene didn't answer. He stared out the windows, and the expression on his face was one Vincent had seen in the mirror time and again, searching, longing. But he didn't answer. Which was as good as confirmation. Whatever it was Eugene wanted (and he wanted something, that much was obvious), it was not going up on one of those spaceships. Vincent let out a sigh. For some reason he had been almost afraid of Eugene saying yes. As if by saying he wanted to watch the launches he would take the moment away from Vincent, make Vincent's dream somehow less. That wasn't the way dreams worked, he knew, but he was jealous of his dream, protective. He'd kept it for many years now without flagging in interest. No one, he was certain, dreamed of the stars more than he. The launch was over, the rocket high up and out of the atmosphere by now. Vincent turned to his bucket and mop. \"Shouldn't you go back to your equations?\" he asked Eugene blandly. \"Ah,\" Eugene said, starting. \"Yes, I suppose so. Good luck with your work.\" \"Good luck to you too,\" Vincent called after him. /…/…/ It turned out that, even though Eugene wasn't subjected to drug tests as regularly as pretty much everyone else on Gattaca grounds, that did not actually mean he could show up to work drunk and get away with it. Miraculously, it took him a full month of working at Gattaca to test this theory. Of course, it wasn't a perfect test—he suspected he could still have gotten away with being slightly buzzed as long as he kept quiet about it. Instead, although he showed up to work mostly sober (couldn't drive there too drunk after all) he spent his entire lunch break in the bathroom gulping down sweet rum he had brought in his work bag. He had only intended a few sips to ease the day, but fuck it. He never wanted this job in the first place, and it wasn't a day to play the good boy. He'd never been good at self control. Always the kid in college who spent half the party drinking and laughing and the other half yelling at people, trying to start fights, tripping over nothing and eventually vomiting. No regrets, really—people at college never took his drunk self seriously and mostly thought it was hilarious to see such a composed, perfect, popular valid completely lose it. He'd hated most of them anyway. Of course, at Gattaca he was sure everyone would be considerably less amused, but that only made him smirk more as he clumsily steered his wheelchair back towards his desk. Director Josef might even be disappointed. Maybe it would teach him a lesson about hiring people based off their genes. Sure, he got a lot of uptight perfectionist prodigies that way—Eugene wasn't blind; he knew the type Gattaca mostly attracted—but you couldn't always avoid the screw-ups. Sometimes you would still get a guy who was just trash, and Eugene was the case in point. He almost ran over a couple people—a woman in a pencil skirt and a blonde bun, two different muscular and clean shaven suited men, none of whose names he could actually remember. The woman, he actually apologized to. She was wearing heels and fell over, which looked pretty painful. She didn't respond, just gave him a long, skeptical look and hurried off. Probably he had slurred. As for the men, they were almost apologetic, ready to claim the blame for the collision, until Eugene looked them in the eyes and smirked. Then they skittered off too, emanating confused resentment. One did not expect aggression from the man in the wheelchair. In Gattaca, one did not expect aggression at all. Eugene smiled wider. He was a snake in Paradise. He headed towards his desk, those who generally sat near him giving him odd looks. By now they were used to him being somewhat more coordinated. There was probably a smell of rum on his breath as well. He smacked his elbow leveraging himself into his desk chair and swore loudly. Around him, the clack of keys paused as his co-workers took another moment to stare at him. \"What are you looking at?\" he asked. No one answered. He chuckled. \"No answer for me? Here I thought you were all supposed to be geniuses. Genetic brilliance not functioning properly?\" He arched his eyebrows. \"Or are you just too scared to answer? Too scared to talk to the cripple?\" A couple people laughed uneasily, pretending Eugene meant it all in good heart. One man got up and walked over. Thompson, Eugene remembered. The man's name was Thompson. \"Look, Morrow, maybe you should quiet down.\" No one ever called him Eugene anymore. It was quite depressing. \"Maybe I shouldn't.\" \"Ramirez is already going to get security,\" Thompson said. \"You want trouble?\" Eugene hadn't noticed Ramirez leaving—though he couldn't, actually, remember which one Ramirez was. He didn't even know if that was a man or a woman. He shrugged. \"What comes, comes.\" Looking for trouble? It had been a long time since he'd really looked for anything else. Maybe he would get fired. That would be lovely. A few minutes of yelling later, security was \"assisting him\" down the hall. Only two of them, one leading the way and one pushing his wheelchair (which was rude—he hadn't given permission). Eugene smiled. \"Are you kicking me out?\" he asked. The security guard pushing his wheelchair said, \"Not yet.\" \"Oh? What's a man got to do to get kicked out around here?\" Eugene asked. \"If I punched you, would that help my case?\" His fist was already clenched and ready, and he was sure he could twist into a position to get the man in either the face or the neck. Being paralyzed from the waist down had done nothing to his upper body strength, and while he hadn't punched anyone since before the accident, he was sure he could manage it. People who touched his wheelchair without his permission were basically trash anyway. Before he could get around to it, though (he had been waiting to hear the guard's response) the man turned down a new hallway, as did the woman walking in front of them. They were now in a section of the building Eugene hadn't been in before. He figured out what it was within seconds, though. Even drunk, there was no mistaking the medical section. He was wheeled over to a man in a lab coat, who apparently was expecting them. \"Mr. Morrow,\" he said, peering down at Eugene intently. \"Nice to meet you at last. Usually I meet new workers pretty quickly, but with you, it's been a whole month. I'm Dr. Lamar. I handle drug testing.\" Eugene smiled. \"Nice to meet you too,\" he said. \"So what now? I empty my catheter?\" Chances were any piss in there was from before lunch, and would have lower alcohol content. Not that Eugene cared. The sooner he got kicked out, the better. \"Mm, no. Today we're going to try a blood test,\" Lamar said. \"I'm going to need you to hold still while I draw blood from your inner elbow. Think you're capable?\" He raised a dry eyebrow. \"Sure,\" Eugene said. \"Just tell that idiot behind me to let go of my wheelchair before I give him a black eye.\" He continued smiling sincerely to show that yes, he did mean that. Lamar gave the security guard a look. The security guard backed off. \"He's all yours. But we'll be within calling distance if he gives you any trouble.\" He glared at Eugene. Eugene snorted. It wasn't like he'd actually punched the guy. Some people were so touchy. Lamar, meanwhile, had gotten out a swab and a hypodermic needle. He rolled up Eugene's sleeve and swabbed it with the cotton. \"How often do these tests come up positive?\" Eugene asked. Lamar said, \"Not often. Usually it's a formality.\" And of course a way to check people's genes, make sure they were who they said they were, but that went without saying. Borrowed ladders weren't something you talked about casually, and genoism was such a fact of life that it had become something of a joke to remark on it. Eugene held his arm still with some effort. He wouldn't have been able to walk in a straight line right now (if he were able to walk at all) but Lamar steadied him and he could still do something as simple as this. Drunk and paralyzed from the waist down, he could still do something as simple as this. Lamar inserted the needle and was quiet for a moment while the blood went in. Eugene watched. He'd done this routine a thousand times—common practice during the Olympics, high profile events, even college, although of course other methods of drug testing were even more common—but he still got a kick out of seeing the blood leave his vein. Genetic material, the currency of his life. All anyone had ever valued about him. And yet, see how easily it could be sucked out, how divorced it was from Eugene himself. He was entirely separate from the life running in his veins, a parasite of the DNA his parents had chosen for him. Within seconds it was through, the needle was out, and Lamar offered Eugene a bandage. Eugene accepted (although honestly, who needed one for such a small puncture? But it was only polite) and fumblingly stuck it on. \"Security said you were being very loud,\" Lamar said. \"They called me before they brought you over, gave me the basics.\" He leaned back against his desk. \"You know, I didn't think you'd be the type.\" \"I'm sorry,\" Eugene said. \"I didn't think we'd met before.\" \"We haven't,\" Lamar said. \"But people talk. I've heard about you.\" \"Oh, of course,\" Eugene said. \"That one cripple who thinks he has a right to work at Gattaca. Bit of an odd one, isn't he?\" He shrugged. There was always talk. \"Odd, maybe. They say you're quiet,\" Lamar said. \"But you do excellent work very quickly, and it's a little intimidating. You're a perfectionist, but you don't act condescending to people who don't do as well. You don't talk much and you don't go to company events, but maybe that's because you just joined up. But you don't seem shy. You're an Olympic athlete, but you don't talk about athletics. You have DNA better than almost everyone even at Gattaca, but you dislike the idea of genetic superiority and get cold when anyone acts genoist.\" \"People talk a lot, then,\" Eugene said. \"I'm just the drug tester. You can talk to me about anything,\" Lamar said. \"So they do.\" \"Are you going to test my blood or not?\" Eugene said, raising his eyebrows. The doctor still had the full tube of blood in his hand, but he hadn't put even a drop of it in the test machine. \"The main thing people say is that you're quiet,\" Lamar said. \"And here you are, screaming at everyone for no reason. Doesn't sound like you. Care to tell me why?\" \"Because,\" Eugene said. \"I'm drunk.\" Lamar sighed. \"I guess you are.\" He emptied the blood tube into the test machine. It came up with first Eugene's identification information—his company ID and his basic genetic profile. But there was also a beeping sound, and when Lamar hit a button the screen showed high alcohol content. Lamar shook his head. \"So what now?\" Eugene said. Now, he was guessing, was the part where he got fired. \"Protocol would be I talk to Director Josef, and he talks to you,\" Lamar said. \"Unless you'd like to talk to me now. I can speak on your behalf.\" \"You don't know me,\" Eugene said. \"You've just heard people talk. You aren't exactly a reference.\" The word reference came out a bit mangled. Lamar looked unimpressed, but his face softened and he said, \"I've also read your medical file. The accident was two years ago today, correct?\" Eugene didn't answer. \"You know, you can take a day off,\" Lamar said. \"Go home, Jerome. I'll tell the director you were sick.\" From Mr. Morrow to Jerome in ten short minutes. At least he wasn't saying \"Eugene\". That level of familiarity remained reserved, though if Lamar knew Eugene's preferences Eugene doubted he would hold back. \"You're terrible at drug testing,\" Eugene said. Lamar shrugged. \"It's up to my discretion to judge if an employee requires disciplinary action. I don't think you're quite there yet. Don't do it again. And get someone else to drive you home.\" Eugene mock saluted. \"Yes sir. Wouldn't want to get in another car crash. Maybe this time I'd actually die.\" There must have been something off about his tone, beyond the base level of drunkenness, because Lamar called after him as he left, \"Gattaca also provides therapy for employees. It's free and confidential.\" \"Goodbye, Lamar,\" Eugene called back. The security guards gave him dirty looks on the way out, but he ignored them. He fetched his things from his desk quietly (this time ignoring the stares, which were only more intent now, doubtless wondering if he had just lost his job and was leaving for the last time), headed to the exit and called a cab business. It cost far too much for the city, but why not splurge? After all, it was an anniversary. As soon as he got home, he would have to down a few more bottles to celebrate. /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: Reviews are always much appreciated. Little else to say for now.[Chapter 4] Although Vincent's interest in Eugene was waning (or at least, he tried to tell himself that), to much of the rest of the staff Jerome Eugene Morrow was becoming an increasingly interesting subject. Gossip was rampant. Few of them had actually talked to Eugene except in passing in the halls (\"Excuse me, sir.\" \"No, please, excuse me.\") but everyone had an opinion of some sort. Janine, the lunch lady, said he had nice manners but terrible eating habits. He only came to the office cafeteria about once or twice a week. Perhaps he did bring his own lunch from home, but she doubted it could be all that nutritional and what was wrong with the cafeteria food anyway? He always thanked her very nicely when he did get food from the cafeteria, and he seemed to genuinely look forward to eating it—though of course, she said, a guy with a smile like that, charming and smooth as butter, could quite possibly be faking it. She'd known the type in her day. Miguel said that he'd looked Jerome Eugene Morrow up and get this, he had been an Olympic class swimmer. He'd won a gold medal just three years back, and there were pictures of him vaunting it at award ceremonies. You could still find videos of his swimming online and it was incredible. If it weren't for the man now being a paraplegic and all, Miguel would ask him for workout tips. Vincent pointed out that hey, Miguel could still ask for tips. It wasn't like Eugene would have forgotten how to work out in the interim. Miguel blushed and muttered something about Morrow probably getting questions like that all the time and how it would just be a bother. Someone had a mancrush. Tina said that of course Morrow was quite famous and very fit and very good looking (she said this with a straight face, though if you teased her about it she would turn red pretty quickly) but what really mattered was that he was a decent physicist. He would probably be sent up soon enough if it weren't for his disability, she said. Which perhaps was an advantage—he could become a steady worker on some of the more complicated programs without needing to leave for missions in outer space. Someone inevitably would point out at this point that Tina was getting pretty invested in Gattaca's space program lately, wasn't she? Was she planning on going up soon? Like Vincent? (Generally being compared to Vincent in this regard was a great offense.) Caesar pretended he was over the subject. He said that the only thing that really mattered was that Morrow was more or less neat and didn't create too much work for the janitors. But whenever new gossip about Eugene surfaced he listened ever more carefully than Vincent himself. Underneath all the gossip, there was an undercurrent of the attitude that Vincent had found in himself when he first learned Eugene was a paraplegic: This man was not like the others. He was imperfect. He was like them, even if he was handsome and a genius physicist and used to be an Olympic swimmer and had the perfect genetic code. He was polite if a bit distant (understandable, they all insisted, and probably a result of shyness rather than valid snobbery) and probably a janitor at heart, despite his polished appearance. Having actually talked to Eugene, Vincent found it all a little ridiculous. Not that Eugene was a jerk. He was moody, but Vincent generally got the sense that he was an okay guy. But he was a valid, that much was certain. Vincent had seen his entire genetic profile (illegally, but why go into that?) and had spoken to him, and Eugene was valid through and through. The way he generally expected Vincent to be super polite and helpful the first couple times they met—and was still so touchy even when Vincent was, in fact, being super polite and helpful—and of course the way he casually shirked his work when he was a physicist at Gattaca, making three times as much as any of the janitors, and ought to have been grateful. Valid. Very valid. Still, Vincent supposed Eugene was an okay guy, and although he didn't contribute much to the gossip (he only had a few conversations to relate, after all) he did keep an ear to the ground. So when the news came in that Eugene had gone on a drunken rampage he heard about it right away. \"He was yelling at the top of his lungs,\" Miguel said. \"I could hear him even from where I was. Estaba que ladra. Then security came and carted him off to Lamar. I hear he gave them a couple good punches first, though.\" He mimed a couple punches himself, making Vincent take a step back. \"Doesn't sound much like him,\" Vincent said. Sure, he hadn't been a model of manners the first couple times he and Vincent had spoken, but generally he was under control, especially with his co-workers. Getting drunk at work? Punching out security guards? Vincent shook his head. \"You sure about that?\" Miguel said, \"Well you know, he's a man. Sooner or later a man has to let loose a little, you know? I wish I'd been in the room to see it.\" Tina said, \"Sure. All real men throw temper tantrums at work.\" She rolled her eyes at Miguel. \"At least he didn't throw up on the floor. I had to clean that area today, and it was enough of a mess.\" \"Let loose, huh?\" Vincent said. He remembered the distant look in Eugene's eyes as he stared out at the launches, wistful and yet so different from Vincent's own. And the way he'd stared at the ground while thanking Vincent for showing him around, and the awkward pauses in his speech where you could see him censoring himself or his attention drifting. (\"I'm not exactly dream material.\") He shook his head, bringing himself back to the moment. \"That sounds even less like him.\" \"What, you two best friends now?\" Miguel asked with a laugh. \"Oh yeah, I forgot. He watched a launch with you. Clearly the two of you share a deep, unbreakable bond—\" \"Shut up,\" Vincent said, punching Miguel's shoulder. And it was back to work, except for once Vincent was pondering something other than the launch schedule or the time he would have to allow before applying for a position as a physicist here again. Jerome Eugene Morrow was none of his business. But why was he acting so out of character? Not that Vincent had ever believed he had the man pegged, but he had thought he at least had figured out the basics, which did not involve drunken screaming matches. Eugene had dignity. He made snide remarks and talked about philosophy and dreams and charmed lunch ladies and was offended but hid it when Director Josef acted patronizing. Dignity. It was in the lines of his body, always tight and controlled whether he sat up straight or slouched, in his face whether he smiled a fake smile or lifted a sardonic eyebrow. He didn't lose control. It wasn't… Vincent took a deep breath. When had he gotten so invested in Eugene anyway? Maybe he'd get himself fired and Gattaca would be looking for a new physicist, a job opening Vincent could take advantage of to at least apply, even if he would never have a chance. There was no reason for Vincent to be worried. Still, as he washed the windows he wondered just what could have happened to make Jerome Eugene Morrow \"let himself go.\" /…/…/ Actions had consequences, which weren't always the ones you wanted. Eugene had hoped the consequence of his fit of misbehavior at work would be the director seeing the light—Eugene had excellent genes but at the end of the day that didn't make him any less worthless—and showing him the door. An end to working at Gattaca, where he should never have been hired in the first place. An end to the effort towards being the man his parents and society always told him he could be even though he knew in the inside that all he was really good for was swimming. The consequence he ended up facing was the exact opposite. Director Josef did call him into his office to have a talk halfway through the work day, but his face on Eugene's arrival was open and friendly, sympathetic. He didn't even get up from his desk, and certainly didn't seem to be angry. \"Have a seat, Jerome,\" he said. When Eugene awkwardly paused near the door, he said, \"Sorry. Make yourself at home. I want to speak with you.\" \"Yes sir,\" Eugene said, and he wheeled himself further in, directly in front of Josef's desk. \"What about?\" he said, meeting the Josef's eyes as guilelessly as he could. He had no reason to start bowing and scraping to keep his job. He didn't even want his job. Somehow he ended up acting subservient anyways. Survival instinct kicking in just when he needed it least. \"I heard you caused a commotion the other day,\" Josef said. Eugene smiled. \"A small one. I apologize.\" Josef sighed. \"Look, Jerome. I can tell you're nervous. Don't worry. I'm not going to fire you.\" What? \"You're not?\" \"Of course not,\" Josef said. \"Kick out a bright young physicist over a small matter like this? Don't be ridiculous.\" He waved a hand dismissively. \"But your actions still were over the line, and that's what we're here to discuss.\" \"I understand,\" Eugene said. \"Sir.\" \"I'd like you to be honest with me,\" Josef said. Eugene nodded. \"Of course.\" \"Lamar says your actions were partially because you were sick with a fever,\" Josef said. \"Be this as it may, security reports that you smelled of alcohol. Were you or were you not drinking on company grounds during working hours?\" With a mental apology to Lamar Eugene said, \"I was.\" He tried to look contrite, but all he could feel at Josef's disappointed expression was triumph. Too bad, Director. Turns out your latest golden boy isn't so perfect after all. Josef said, \"It goes against company policy, and you must know that.\" \"I know.\" Josef winced again. \"And your behavior under the influence was not exactly subtle. You disrupted the working day and verbally abused your coworkers.\" Eugene rolled his eyes. Gattaca was far too uptight and the director far too dramatic. Then he noticed Josef's eyes on him and immediately rearranged his expression. \"I know. It was unacceptable and I am so, so sorry.\" Josef said, \"I know you regret what you did, Jerome, but you need to explain to me why.\" Eugene took a deep breath. The thing was, the truth was exactly the kind of story that would sway Josef. It had been the anniversary of the accident and he'd just been overcome and hadn't been able to bring himself to ask for a day off because he was too out of it. Josef would like that story. He'd be sympathetic. Of course the anniversary of such a traumatic event would have some sort of effect, and while it was regrettable, it was still understandable. Losing feeling and control of half your body was not a thing you got over easily. He'd be let off, and Josef would give himself a pat on the back for being so kind to a poor man down on his luck. The truth would work here better than any lie, and he knew it. He let the breath out again. \"I don't know what came over me, sir.\" \"It has to have been something,\" Josef said. \"Your work and behavior have been admirable up until this point. I'm sure you had a reason.\" \"Stress, maybe?\" Eugene offered with a smile. Josef gave him a look. \"I haven't held a job in years,\" Eugene said. \"My family's rich, so I technically don't need to. I was busy with college at first, and then swimming, and then…\" He shrugged. \"It took a while to get through the physical therapy needed after my injuries, so…\" \"It must have been hard,\" Josef said. Eugene nodded. \"Mostly, it's hard to get back into the swing of things. I'm not entirely sure what I'm doing all the time, and I worry I'll make mistakes. It just gets to me. I apologize for flying off the handle the other day, though. Stress is no excuse…\" And it really wasn't. Eugene was sure Josef was going to probe deeper. But instead Josef smiled consolingly and said, \"Jerome, you're one of our best even if you just started here. Your work is pristine, your IQ off the charts. The work here can indeed be stressful, but relax. No one's going to fire you, no one thinks you've been doing badly. You've been doing just fine.\" \"I got drunk and yelled at my co-workers,\" Eugene said. \"Not exactly stellar behavior.\" He smiled self deprecatingly. \"I am so sorry. I swear I can do better.\" \"You've been under stress,\" Josef said. Apparently he had decided Eugene's subpar excuse was excellent and was going to stick to it like glue. \"It was a bad day for you, but I know you can do better. It's in your blood.\" If Eugene always lived up to his potential, he would have a gold medal in his cabinet instead of the silver. He wouldn't have wasted the last year drinking and smoking and trying to work his courage up for a second attempt. He wouldn't have walked in front of a car in the first place. But he didn't say any of that. Instead, he nodded and said, \"I know. I will do better. I am so sorry.\" Josef cut him off before he could apologize again. \"No need to apologize. Just don't let it happen again. Now, I don't want to keep you from your work any longer. Perhaps we can talk again soon, about more pleasant subjects.\" Eugene smiled. He hoped not. \"Perhaps.\" As he wheeled down the hall back to the working area he cursed the director with all the curses he could remember. All he had wanted was to be fired. With his behavior, would that have been so hard? Or at the very least he could have demoted Eugene or suspended him, reprimanded him or given him a pay cut, something to acknowledge that Eugene was not, perhaps, the ideal employee he'd thought he had hired. But no. Instead, the expectations had been raised. \"I know you can do better,\" Eugene muttered to himself. Do better. Do better. \"Fuck.\" He paused in the hallway, pressing a hand hard against his forehead. Do better. \"Jerome Morrow?\" Immediately he sat bolt upright, hand replaced in his lap as if he'd never been trying to squeeze his own brain into shape. \"Yes, that's me,\" he said, swiveling his head to see who had come up behind him. \"And you are…?\" It was a woman. A beautiful woman, though that wasn't saying much—what responsible parents wouldn't ask the geneticist for their daughter to be gorgeous? Blond hair carefully cinched into a bun that sat near the top of her scalp, not a strand out of place, and an expression so bland it made Jerome want to wince away already. He knew her. Her working desk wasn't far from his, and he'd definitely seen her around. He might even have spoken to her a few times. But she wasn't very outgoing, and he hadn't been spending his time at Gattaca making friends, and for the life of him he couldn't remember her name. \"Irene Cassini,\" the woman said. \"You ran over me yesterday.\" Now Eugene did wince. \"Sorry,\" he said. \"Really, I wasn't myself. I swear I'm usually more polite than that.\" He was doing so much apologizing today. One consequence he definitely did not enjoy. Irene did not look impressed. \"So I've noticed.\" She leaned against the wall next to Eugene. \"Are you well?\" \"Who, me? Never better,\" Eugene said, waving a hand. \"I am terribly sorry though. Please, you have to forgive me.\" Irene actually smiled slightly at that. It was just a slight quirk of her lips, gone in an instant. She didn't say she forgave him though. \"Well then, if you're sure.\" She pushed off the wall and walked ahead of Eugene towards their work. Eugene called after her, \"Really, I'm sorry!\" She didn't respond. Well, at least someone could tell he was messed up. Though for some reason, disapproval wasn't as satisfying coming from Irene Cassini as it would have been from Josef. Honestly, it kind of sucked. It was because she was pretty, Eugene decided as he wheeled slowly after her. Disappointing pretty girls was always worse than disappointing boring old males. Even though he supposed it would be a long time before he found another girl actually interested in him, if he ever did. Girls didn't go for a paraplegic, even if said paraplegic had the genes of a demigod. Not that he was all that interested in chasing romance just now. If he was failing this badly just at working at Gattaca, he could only imagine how badly that would go. He wasn't even good at friendship lately. Even the janitor had gotten annoyed at him the other day, and he still couldn't pinpoint what he had said wrong, and… He took a deep breath. Who cared about Irene? He didn't even know her, really, and he had apologized. As for his job, well, he hadn't lost it, which was probably for the best. His co-workers would forget his brief fit of madness by the end of the week, and he could get back to work as usual. And this time he would do better, do better, do better, do better… The mantra repeated over and over in his mind as he returned to his desk and turned the computer on. He didn't need Irene's approval or Vincent's friendship. He just needed to make it to the end of the week before breaking down again. And with the director's words fresh in his mind, he had no excuse to fail. /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: This fic is beginning to swerve from being about Vincent and Eugene being bros to being about Eugene coping with life. Well, the fic will do what it does. We'll see how much the trend continues. Honestly, Eugene is my main man so I don't particularly mind. Also, Irene has made an appearance. I'm aware that a good portion of the fandom doesn't actually care about her whatsoever, but honestly I like her character quite a bit. She's not going to be central, but from now on she's going to show up from time to time. Opinions on shipping, anyone? And reviews are always appreciated. :)[Chapter 5] Eugene made it to the end of the day and home without either breaking down or getting into any more weird conversations, even with the janitor. And he had settled down on one his lounge chairs with a cigarette and no plans for the evening (he might not even make dinner) when he heard the door upstairs open. Which. No one had keys to this place. No one except himself and his parents, who lived a few states away and, while they occasionally called to make sure he was taking care of himself, never visited. And the door upstairs? That was the one that automatically locked. It only unlocked when he pressed a buzzer that, situated as it was on the second floor, effectively meant no one had used that door since the accident. He blew out a long puff of smoke and tried to remember what to do in the case of home invaders. Before the accident he could have beaten up nearly anyone as long as they didn't have a knife or a gun, and he'd had some basic self defense training for even those scenarios. Common sense when you were a celebrity, an Olympic swimmer with a rich family. But he hadn't learned how to protect himself since paralyzing his legs, and it would be a bit harder to do any fighting in a wheelchair. Which he wasn't even in currently, and if the person who had just come in had functioning ears, they would hear him getting into it. He wasn't all that graceful. Footsteps upstairs now. The door hadn't been his imagination. A pause directly above his head. Vaguely, he wondered who would break into his house. It was nice, and in a nice neighborhood. And if anyone had been casing the neighborhood for a while they would have noticed that he was the only one living here, and relatively helpless against a robber. He should have gotten a better security system but had been feeling too apathetic since long before buying the house to consider such safeguards. He should have bought a gun, perhaps, but that would have been too much of a temptation to keep around the house and he hadn't decided to leave the Earth again. Not yet. He took a deep breath, inhaling smoke again, and repressed a coughing fit. That was the last thing he needed. Maybe if he was very quiet and sat very still… …Then the robber wouldn't come downstairs or wouldn't notice him sitting in plain sight? Footsteps on the stairs now. Eugene scrunched his eyes shut and then opened them again—he could already see the outline of a man's shape between the slats—and picked up the ashtray from the table next to him. Glass and fairly heavy. Also fairly expensive, but there was nothing else nearby, so it was this or nothing. The man emerged from the stairwell. Eugene hurled the ashtray full force at his head. The ash tray smashed against the back of the stairwell with a crash of glass and a yell from the man, who had dodged at the last minute but now had stumbled to the ground from the shock and had his hands up over his face to block any future projectiles. Eugene could see a few places where shards of glass had hit the mark after all, a couple where they had even drawn blood (though most had harmlessly bounced off the man's suit) and he swallowed. He was out of ammunition, the man was still mostly uninjured, and his mild injuries would likely just make him madder. After a moment with both sitting extremely still, the man slowly raised himself to his feet and lowered his arms. He scanned the room, eyes focusing on Eugene. He looked at Eugene's hands (empty), then raised his gaze and met his eyes. Eugene winced. Not because the man's gaze was angry (which it was). Not because he currently stood two feet taller than Eugene and had actual mobility and could easily hurl something back, although that was also true. But because now that the man's face was visible, it was all too familiar. He knew this man. \"Jerome Morrow. You do this to all your guests?\" Finding his tongue, Eugene said, \"Only the ones that break in, German.\" German smiled a small, irritated smile. \"You almost cracked my skull. As it is, I still have a couple cuts to clean.\" He shook his head. \"I'll say this, you still have a good arm. You have a sink around here?\" Damn right Eugene had a good arm. \"Get out of my house, German.\" \"Gonna make me?\" German asked, raising his eyebrows. He gently patted the left side of his suit coat, which had a slight bulge. He'd shown Eugene his gun the last time they'd had one of these little talks. Eugene swallowed. \"What, are you going to shoot the cripple? Because you're a big bad gangster?\" He tilted his chin up. \"You think I'm afraid of you?\" German laughed and walked down the hall, checking a couple doors until he found the bathroom. Eugene could hear the water turning on. Cursing (loudly enough that he hoped German could hear him) he heaved himself into his wheelchair, which was still sitting next to the lounge chair, and wheeled himself to the bathroom. He paused at the doorway. Maybe he should have brought another projectile with him for good measure, but what use would that be against a gun? He didn't want to make German twitchy. Decided, he went in. German was rinsing out a cut on his left hand. Eugene cleared his throat. \"Just a moment,\" German said. \"I would have talked with you right away but you threw a glass…something at my head. So you can wait.\" \"You could have rung the doorbell,\" Eugene said.\"I do have one.\" \"Yes, but we both know you aren't big on stairs these days. I was doing you a favor.\" \"You could have called ahead,\" Eugene said. \"I would have had it unlocked by the time you got here.\" Even though no one had actually used that door in months, he could have found a way. \"How did you get in anyway?\" \"Picking locks isn't an uncommon skill. You need a better lock on your door, for the record,\" German said. \"And the last time I called, I believe you hung up on me.\" \"Maybe that's a clue that I don't want to talk to you,\" Eugene said. German stepped back from the sink. \"I'm well aware you don't want to talk to me.\" He smiled. \"I'm persistent.\" He reached past Eugene to get a towel off a rack to dry his hands. Eugene grabbed his arm. \"Don't make yourself at home. I. Don't. Want you here.\" \"And it's cute that you think I care,\" German said. He grabbed a towel with the other arm and dried his hands. \"Shall we continue this discussion in the living room?\" \"Or you could leave,\" Eugene said, wheeling after German as he walked back down the hall. German sat down in the lounge chair Eugene had been using earlier, leaning back comfortably. \"We haven't spoken in about four months now. Shame, really.\" \"Shame you couldn't make it longer. Get out.\" \"Not until you've heard my proposition.\" \"I've heard it before. Not interested,\" Eugene said. \"If you don't leave now I'm going to call the police.\" German took a deep breath and smiled again, icier than ever. \"Jerome. We can play this one of two ways. The first is that you settle down and we talk about this reasonably. The second is that you keep on hassling me, maybe you try to call the police. I have to take out my gun, things get awkward, maybe someone gets hurt. I don't want trouble. I just want to talk business with a friend.\" Eugene crossed his arms. The thing about German was that he was a little bit frightening. It wasn't like Eugene had no experience with violence. He'd gotten into some drunken arguments that ended with a lot of bruises. He'd been attacked once or twice by faith birth fanatics who targeted him as a famous example of genetic perfection achieved by \"meddling with nature\". And then, of course, he'd walked his way into a hit and run that one time. He was accustomed to violence, to an extent. It was comfortable. But Eugene used to be able to defend himself a lot better than he could now. And the car crash he had intended from the beginning, had controlled. And the fanatics and the drunken idiots he'd had to deal with in the past had all been emotional, enraged. He had been on equal terms with the idiots, who had never intended him any real harm in the first place. And the fanatics, while a bit scarier, had attacked him at public events, where he had help from the police in instants. Violence he could control, violence he could master. Nothing like German. German who came to him in his home and spoke to him as coolly as if he were a child who didn't understand a lesson. German who the last time he'd visited actually had pointed the gun at Eugene (it hadn't been a good night) and had seemed as comfortable with it as if it were a ruler he was flourishing at said child to make a point. German who had no particular grudge against Eugene, no particular emotion towards him at all, and probably would feel only a little regret if he decided to shoot Eugene down in cold blood. German who could talk about these things with a smile on his face. \"Make your proposition then,\" Eugene said. \"But you're wasting both our time.\" Now German's icy smile widened into a genuine grin, and he leaned forward in his chair. \"Well, Jerome. It's been two years since the accident. I believe the anniversary was fairly recent?\" As if he didn't know it had been yesterday. As if his appearance today was a coincidence. Eugene rolled his eyes and didn't answer. \"And you've been coping admirably,\" German said. \"Just about finished the preliminary physical therapy, and gotten your head out of the bottle. I half expected to show up and find you drunk, like last time.\" He shook his head. \"You know, I had nearly given up on you.\" \"Please do go ahead and give up.\" \"There are some people who can't take it, psychologically,\" German said. \"Having a change in fortunes, losing control of their lives. Valids especially. Half of the people I approach are too far gone to be worth the investment.\" He plucked a cigarette from the case Eugene had left on the table and lit it. \"I can't connect my invalid clients to people who are too unstable, you know? Ladder borrowing is a partnership. You have to be able to trust your lender with your life.\" He sucked in a breath of smoke and blew it out again, straight into Eugene's face. Eugene waved it away and glared. German said, \"If the valid's always getting drunk, he can't provide clean samples. If he's too apathetic, he might lose motivation to collect samples at all. Or he might make a stupid mistake and get himself and his invalid partner arrested.\" He leaned back in his chair. \"I have to be careful with my clients. It's a responsibility.\" Eugene rolled his eyes. Lectures on the heavy burdens of responsibility that accompanied involvement in what was basically a black market. Lovely. \"Four months ago, I thought I might have to write you off. You were a mess,\" German said. \"But I gave you a chance, called you a few times, kept my feelers out, and what do you know? You worked it out. I'm proud of you.\" \"Thank you, but I didn't do it to become your merchandise,\" Eugene said. German's smile dimmed. \"Now, is that what you think I think of you?\" \"The way a pimp thinks of a prostitute,\" Eugene said. \"I'm not interested. My body's mine.\" German shook his head. \"Jerome. Jerome, you know that's not true.\" \"I know I don't want to rent myself out so some invalid can get his kicks.\" German raised a hand. \"You can cool it with the self righteous rage, son. I don't need you to prove to me that you're a valid.\" He lowered his voice. \"I don't need you to prove your worth.\" Eugene's breath caught. He opened his mouth to retort but German gave him a look. \"You're a good guy, Jerome,\" German said. \"Of course no one can deny your genes are excellent. Silver medal in the Olympics. I'd like to see a faith child handle that. And your GPA in college matches your IQ. You've proven yourself in those areas more than once.\" He blew out a ring of smoke. \"And somehow you're still a good guy beneath all that. Back in the day, you gave some good interviews. Some very anti-genoist comments. You even donated to some organizations combating genoism. So not just talk.\" Speaking against genoism? That gave him credit? Eugene laughed. That was about standards, and in the world of the famous, interviews had little to do with actual beliefs. He couldn't even remember what he had said in his interviews anymore. \"So I think you're a good guy,\" German said. \"I want to help you out.\" \"Help me out of my identity. No thanks.\" \"You say that very certainly,\" German said. \"But it's wearing on you, isn't it? It was earlier. You've never been depressed about your broken back. Never when I've talked to you. It's everything else that bothers you. I can't heal your broken back, but everything else? That can go away.\" Eugene closed his eyes. It sounded restful. It sounded like death. \"You let me pair you up with someone, you lend out your ladder,\" German said. \"All of this goes away. No more expectations. You won't have to live up to your genes.\" He leaned forward. \"Do you think all my valid clients come to me because of accidents like yours? They come because they don't want the pressure. Helping my invalid clients helps them too.\" \"And you just want to help me,\" Eugene said. \"I want to help you.\" Eugene said, \"My medical records include my back injury now. You're wasting your time.\" \"There are still some who would be interested. I've had paraplegics approach me before,\" German said. \"Usually I can't help them out. But you've already proved people would be willing to overlook your disability for your genes.\" \"Lucky me.\" \"I have some clients who are desperate, who I've never been able to help. Your genes could help them. Paraplegics from birth or early childhood, invalids with even worse luck than most. You could escape this life and give it to someone who actually wants it,\" German said. He blew out a mouthful of smoke. \"So?\" Eugene paused. It was true that Gattaca was no paradise, not his paradise at least. It was true that there were others who most likely deserved his genome far more than him. German certainly knew where to hit. But he only paused to satisfy German, honestly. Because he was trying to pull his life together, not throw it away. He'd only pulled himself out of a rut recently, and he had no desire to seek out a life where he'd end up shut up in the house all the time again, giving his life away to an invalid for cold profit. He knew there were invalids who deserved his life more than he did. He'd known it since he was young. He just wasn't that selfless. \"I'm not interested,\" he said at last. \"And I'd like it if you left my home now.\" German smiled. \"Of course.\" He stood up. \"I just thought I'd drop by and see how you were doing. Tell you the offer was still open.\" Eugene rolled his eyes. \"Much appreciated.\" \"It will stay open,\" German said. He walked to the staircase, pausing when he reached it. \"You do seem a lot better. It's good.\" \"Thank you.\" \"But you'll change your mind sooner or later. Call me.\" \"Goodbye, German,\" Eugene said loudly. German chuckled. \"Goodbye, Jerome.\" Footsteps on the stairs, and then the upstairs door opened and closed again. Eugene let out a sigh. German. One man he hadn't thought about in a while. \"Call you,\" he muttered. \"Call the police on you, more likely.\" But he knew he wouldn't—even his threat earlier had been a bluff. German had never hurt Eugene, but he was frightening enough, and rumor had it that others in the black market of borrowed ladders were far worse. Some of them did consider themselves to be warriors against genoism, almost public servants. Some of them were also ruthless killers who wouldn't hesitate to act against someone who threatened their secrets or their business. Trying to sic the police on them would probably hurt Eugene more than German. And they did good work, he supposed, for the invalid community. He just wished they would leave him alone. /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: For those of you who don't remember, German's that gangster dude who brings Eugene and Vincent together in the movie. I don't think his name is mentioned in the movie, but you can find it online. Anyways, I enjoyed his character, though he's probably way OOC here. I just like gangsters, okay? So German just kind of showed up. He'll be showing up again, I think, but not too soon. I swear I haven't forgotten Vincent, although he's definitely not as central to this story as Eugene as things currently stand. He'll be around in the next chapter. In the meantime, reviews would be much appreciated. Let me know what you think of German, and what you want to happen next.[Chapter 6] \"You've been busy,\" Vincent said. He'd finally found another chance to talk to Eugene the Monday after the rumors started. Not that he'd been searching for such a chance, but he'd been half hoping to run into him just to verify what exactly had happened the other day. He was as curious as anyone. So when he saw Eugene alone at lunch break, wending his way to the cafeteria very, very slowly, he decided Caesar wouldn't mind if Vincent left his work for a minute if it meant new fruit on the grapevine. Eugene glanced up, unsurprised at Vincent appearing at his side. He did stop wheeling forward, though. \"I'm a physicist at Gattaca,\" he said. \"Is that so odd?\" Vincent laughed awkwardly. Eugene's eyes had settled on him full force, and Vincent had forgotten how intimidating his gaze could be when irked. And apparently Vincent had irked him. Sensitive jerk. \"Well,\" Vincent said. \"The first couple weeks you were here we kept on running into each other all the time. I guess I figured it would keep on happening, but we haven't met in…\" He stopped there, because he did know exactly how long it had been, but Eugene didn't need to know that. \"Maybe I just learned how to navigate the hallways,\" Eugene said with a small smile. It wasn't a smirk and it wasn't a frown, so Vincent figured it was a good sign. \"They're very confusing,\" he said, circling around to stand in front of Eugene instead of at his side so he wouldn't have to crane his neck. \"I got lost a couple times my first week here too.\" \"But now you are the janitor extraordinaire,\" Eugene said. \"Yeah, I guess.\" Not like that was something to boast about. \"I guess you really have been busy though,\" Vincent said to fill the awkward silence. \"People have been talking about you a lot. Most of them seem pretty impressed.\" \"Yes, well,\" Eugene said. \"I am impressive, after all. What do they say?\" \"They say you're pretty good at your work,\" Vincent said, searching his mind for the least awkward rumors he could remember. He should never have brought this subject up. \"Oh! Miguel mentioned you used to be an Olympic swimmer. Is that true?\" He wouldn't have guessed it from the conversations he'd had with Eugene, but then, they hadn't talked about much. It might be a sore subject too, since Eugene couldn't swim anymore. Actually, bringing it up had been a horrible idea. \"It's true,\" Eugene said. \"But that was years ago.\" \"Can't have been too many years ago,\" Vincent said. \"The last summer Olympics was what, three years ago now?\" He didn't keep track of sports. All the athletes were valid, especially in the Olympics, and he found them generally to be an disgusting show of the elites trying to one up each other even though they were all already too healthy to ever need to be worried about dying at thirty, or finding themselves unemployed any time before them. But that wasn't something he needed to discuss with Eugene either. \"Was that the Olympics you were in?\" Vincent asked.. \"Yes.\" \"Miguel said you got gold in…\" Something. He couldn't remember what anymore, and he doubted it could be just swimming. Swimming was far too large a category. \"Silver,\" Eugene said, with a pained smile. \"Silver, then,\" Vincent said. \"Sorry.\" He was sure Miguel had said gold, but sometimes Miguel exaggerated. And then, Vincent didn't really commit every single rumor to memory either. \"Don't apologize,\" Eugene said. \"It's certainly not your fault.\" His tone was a little tenser than Vincent would have expected, and his hands had clenched on the armrests of the wheelchair. No, definitely not a good subject. Vincent cleared his throat. \"Anyway, that's what they say about you. That's pretty cool. Winning the Olympics.\" \"Placing second. Not winning.\" Vincent shrugged. Gold, silver. In the Olympics such matters were determined by seconds and inches, and it barely mattered. \"The dream is gold,\" Eugene said. He leaned forward. \"First place. No one cares who gets silver.\" Vincent nodded hastily. It occurred to him that perhaps he ought to apologize. After realizing Eugene had no particular dream to become an astronaut and go to the stars and distant planets, he had begun to think of Eugene as a person who lived with no dreams whatsoever. From his tone now, however, he was beginning to realize this was not so. Eugene wasn't the kind of person who never dreamed. Eugene was the kind of person whose dream had been ripped away from them. He was grounded as thoroughly as Vincent, except the universe had been kind or cruel enough to give him a taste of it first. Before he could stop himself, he asked, \"Do you miss it?\" Eugene blinked. He looked thrown. \"Miss what?\" Honestly, it was like they were having two entirely different conversations. \"Do you miss swimming? If that was your dream.\" Eugene turned his head, stared out the window. His eyes were wistful, longing. Vincent almost expected, following his gaze, to see a launch going up. But no. There was nothing out the window except warm blue sky, dotted with the occasional cloud like foam in the sea. Not even an airplane broke the plane of endless color. \"I don't know,\" Eugene said. \"Sometimes I do. Sometimes I can barely remember it.\" He shook his head. \"I don't think I'd want to go back.\" Vincent's eyes widened. \"Why not?\" Eugene smiled and it was the fake smile again, the patented valid smile that always looked obnoxious but especially so on Eugene's face. \"Maybe I just decided not to live in dreams anymore.\" He laughed. \"I grew up. Did you think it was the accident that made me quit swimming?\" Well, yes. \"I never planned to do another Olympics,\" Eugene said. \"Even before I broke my back, I already knew it was over.\" He turned and began to wheel his chair forward again, towards the cafeteria. Vincent kept pace with him. \"But why?\" \"Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think it's any of your business,\" Eugene said. \"Sorry to disappoint you. I guess you janitors will just have to talk about something else.\" And on that parting note, he turned a sharp corner, and Vincent didn't follow him. Partly because of Eugene's last taunt, partly because of a feeling in his own gut, Vincent didn't end up telling anyone much about the conversation. He did correct Miguel, inform him that it had been a silver medal, not gold. Miguel didn't care, although it got him on another rant about the impressive videos he had seen online. Vincent was half tempted to look them up—it felt a bit like stalking, but was probably still less creepy than stealing Eugene's genetic material had been. Only, there was a difference between analyzing someone's DNA and watching them as they lived their dreams. There was nothing personal about DNA, however much some might disagree. But a dream, especially a lost dream, was the most personal thing a person could have. And probably not the best thing to harp about when said dream really was lost. For some reason, being around Eugene always made Vincent act like a jerk. Well, the next time they talked, he would have to find some way to apologize. Better yet, he could pretend the conversation never happened and find something better to talk about. Like…physicist things. Finding out whether gossip among Gattaca's elite was similar to gossip among their janitors. What Eugene had done to beef up his application when he first was hired by Gattaca (hey, even if they all knew it was a matter of genes, Vincent could always pretend otherwise for politeness' sake). Something like that. Something casual. Which meant he was probably never going to get Eugene's side of the story about the drunken rampage, but oh well. Sacrifices had to be made. /…/…/ Eugene never really expected Irene Cassini to speak to him again. Himself, he had no plans to seek her out after the awkward failure that was their last conversation. But somehow at the end of the day she showed up next to his desk, and they ended up leaving work together. It wasn't his usual. Still, it wasn't unpleasant either. They made small talk about work on a new flight plan, this plan involving some ship to Mars, nothing very special—ships were sent to Mars all the time these days. They were even beginning to work out a colonization plan up there. Eugene wondered if it might be something Vincent would be interested in, if Vincent were even slightly qualified. He still didn't completely understand why Vincent was so obsessed with going to the stars, although he supposed he could understand attempting to leave the Earth. After all, Eugene himself had attempted a trip to the heavens, though it had been a bit of a low budget effort. Still, if Vincent wanted off, a colony on Mars was probably about the best a man could do—although of course all candidates would probably possess even higher quality genomes than Eugene himself. He didn't voice these ponderings. Gattaca employees didn't like talking about the aspirations of their janitors, even when they were as nice (or at least seemed as nice) as Irene. Instead, he kept to the topic of practical details in the plans and avoided the subject of just why someone might want to go to Mars, apart from the scientific reasons that were the team's official purpose. Irene kept equally to the subject, her face as expressionless as ever, her tone bland and professional. She didn't seem to be enjoying herself much, and she certainly wasn't saying anything all that personal. Eugene was beginning to wonder why she wanted to talk to him in the first place. Especially when he turned down the hallway that led to the wheelchair accessible exit, not the main one. But none of his coworkers had really been talking to him since the fiasco last week, and Irene had never talked to him in the first place, and he didn't want to jinx it. So he didn't ask. When they got to the door out of the building, he said, \"Well, I guess I'll see you tomorrow, Irene. It was nice talking.\" She smiled slightly now, the first expression she'd shown since joining him in the hall. \"See, I knew you could hold an entire conversation without being rude or nearly running over me.\" \"I did tell you. My manners are usually pristine. And I did apologize for that accident last week.\" Irene shrugged. \"Well, that's in the past. You weren't entirely yourself. Though I suppose who is?\" Eugene raised an eyebrow. Irene didn't explain herself. Instead she said, \"You seem to be doing better this week, Jerome.\" Eugene nodded. \"I suppose it's been a good day.\" Although it was only Monday and the rest of the week could very well still be hellish, today had actually gone quite well. No one had been pressuring him too much, although he could still feel eyes on him pretty much all the time. Director Josef hadn't called him into his office for a chat about either Eugene's recent failing or Eugene's successes and the importance of having workers who excelled in every way at Gattaca. So that was a win. Still, he knew the actual reason he was in a good mood. \"I talked to a friend.\" \"You have a friend?\" Irene said. Both of her eyebrows were raised. This was more expression than she'd shown during their entire conversation. Eugene was a little offended. \"I'm not completely hopeless, you know.\" \"Of course not.\" This was said even more skeptically. Eugene crossed his arms. \"What, did you think I never talked to anyone? I just sat at my desk and hated everything?\" \"Isn't that what you usually do?\" It was, actually, what he usually did. Still, she didn't have to come out and say it. \"I have a social life.\" \"You don't talk to anyone at lunch,\" Irene said. \"You barely speak to anyone during work hours either, and when I came over to you earlier you seemed shocked.\" \"That was because you hate me.\" \"I don't hate you, Jerome,\" Irene said. \"Trust me, if I hated you, you wouldn't know.\" Eugene wasn't sure how to respond to that. It sounded a lot like a paradox. \"I'm very nice to people I hate,\" she said, staring off into the distance. \"I don't talk to them much, but I smile and I'm very polite. Most of the time they think I'm a sweet girl, just a little shy and maybe a little dull.\" She shrugged. \"They never bother to find out more. Which is convenient. It means that they can be condescending but at least they don't bother me.\" Ah. Eugene smiled. \"I know who you're talking about.\" \"Do you?\" \"You're talking about Director Josef,\" he said cheerfully. \"That's all right then. Everyone hates Director Josef.\" He wasn't actually sure if this was true, but he personally hated the man enough that it felt like a universal truth. Irene started, then actually laughed. It was the least controlled sound he'd ever heard come out of those quiet, carefully glossed lips. \"I'm right, then,\" he said. She said, \"You're right. I was thinking about the director.\" \"Well, I'm glad you don't hate me as much as him. That would be a bit much.\" He was a snob and a jerk, but never as bad as Director Josef. There were levels. \"I don't hate you at all,\" Irene said. \"Really?\" \"Surprisingly enough.\" Eugene grinned. \"Lovely. I don't despise you either.\" He leaned forward, feeling daring. \"Would you like to get a drink sometime?\" \"Are you asking me out?\" \"Are you saying yes?\" \"I'm not sure I'd like to get a drink with you. You're a bit much when you're drunk,\" she said. \"How about dinner?\" \"Tonight?\" \"Not tonight, no. I have plans.\" She probably went out with men all the time. That was fine. \"How about tomorrow?\" \"How about Wednesday?\" she countered. \"I'm very free on Wednesdays.\" \"Wednesday would be wonderful,\" Eugene said. \"It's a date, then,\" Irene said. She stepped around him, and he stopped himself from grabbing her arm as she passed. She turned back—he had to crane his neck to see her—and said, \"I'm glad you're better, Jerome. Have a good evening.\" \"Same to you,\" he called after her. He sat there in the hallway for a couple minutes after she had turned the corner back into the building, probably heading to the main entrance, much closer to the parking lot, much closer to the street. Overall, he thought that had gone fairly well. /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: I was actually really out of the groove when I was writing this chapter, but it's probably less of a non sequitur than the last one, no matter how much I love German. Also, to everyone who doesn't ship Eugene and Irene (which I think is everyone?): Sorry...I ship what I ship, and for now this ship is sailing. Eugene and Irene are a pair of cuties, but who knows if they'll stick together? Anyway, this isn't a romance fic, so maybe they will, maybe they won't-It won't become the most important part of the plot unless that's the way you choose to look at it. To anyone who does ship Eugene and Irene (is anyone out there?): As far as I know there is no fic of this out there. You should write one. For me. Reviews are always much appreciated.[Chapter 7] Gattaca wasn't the only place Vincent ever applied to for work. Obviously getting a job there was his first choice, his dream—there was a reason he'd stuck there as a janitor for years, and the fact that he was unlikely to get any jobs that paid better elsewhere was only a small part of it. He still got a kick out of the fact that as part of the staff, he could watch the launches go up every day for free. People had to pay to get tours of this place. He got paid to hang around it instead. So Gattaca was the place he had his heart set on, the place where he could already picture himself sitting at one of the desks or climbing onto a launch. But he did apply to other places, places with slightly lower standards, places that were less involved with space travel but still involved tangentially. He figured if he could get an in, there was always a chance Gattaca would be more likely to hire him further down the line. One such place was McGowan University—not that he thought he could work there as a professor, but there was incredible research being done there in the field of spacecraft and astrophysics. He'd applied there for a job as an assistant almost a month ago, and although he had been calling them once a week to make sure his application was still making the rounds, no bite. No bite, that is, until Tuesday night. Tuesday night he was at his trashy apartment, rereading a memoir of a famous astronaut, when the call came on the landline (he couldn't afford a cell phone with a janitor's salary). He picked up, figuring it would be a telemarketer. No one really called him. His friends at work were just that—work friends—and he'd cut ties with his family years ago. The best he could hope for was Caesar telling him he had to work an extra shift. At least then it would be someone he knew. \"Hello?\" \"Hello, am I speaking to Vincent Freeman?\" \"Yes,\" Vincent said. Pretty much definitely a telemarketer then. He didn't recognize the voice. \"This is Chad Michaels from McGowan University. You applied for work here as a laboratory assistant a month and a half ago, am I correct?\" Vincent straightened his posture, even aware that the caller couldn't see him. It was the first time the university had called him, although he'd called them at least seven times already. This was either very good or very bad. \"Yes, I did.\" \"Would you still be interested in the position?\" \"Yes,\" Vincent said. \"I would.\" \"Good. Well, you'll be interviewing with me then. Are you free Thursday at two o'clock?\" Of course he wasn't. He had work all day Thursday. That didn't matter. Certainly he wasn't going to argue about something as simple as time. \"Yes, I'm free.\" \"Come to the Human Resources Department and ask for Chad Michaels. I look forward to meeting you. My team says you've been very persistent.\" \"Working at McGowan would mean a lot to me.\" \"Well, that's exactly what we like to hear from a prospective employee. I'll see you on Thursday.\" Vincent barely got any sleep that night. He couldn't stop thinking over the phone call. He hadn't said anything embarrassing, at least. And he was sure he could finagle a way out of work on Thursday. But it had been months since he'd last had a job interview, and he had the jitters. He'd have to review his notes on how to interview properly tomorrow, as well as his notes on this particular job. Generally he thought he did fairly well at interviews. But he had to do better than fairly well, had to do well enough to impress the fact that he was more than his genes upon the interviewer. At McGowan University, though, he might have a chance. They were known for being strongly anti-genoist and were known to accept students regardless of genetic deficiencies, sexual orientation, gender or race. A good reputation both in their field of research and as a place of education. It wouldn't even be close to working at Gattaca if he got the job, of course. They were considerably further down the ladder. And he knew he would miss being able to watch the launches every day, being able to dream. But there would be more to his life than dreaming. He had determined that the first time he interviewed at Gattaca. Caesar, as he expected, was willing to give him Thursday off, though he did roll his eyes and rant about the short notice. Still, he gave Vincent a thumbs up. \"That's what determination gets you, kid. An interview at a real job. Someday soon you're going to be joining the elite, eh?\" Vincent could tell by his tone that he didn't completely believe what he was saying. Still, he meant well. So Vincent smiled and said, \"Not quite yet, but this job would be a step.\" \"If they ask you for a reference, I'll be glad to put in a word,\" Caesar said. \"You're already on the application and the resume.\" Caesar nodded. \"Good. Well, I'm sure you'll do fine at the interview. But you better work hard today and Friday. Taking a day off with only a day's notice. Psh.\" Caesar might have remained conservative with his optimism, but Vincent's other co-workers, when they heard the news, were considerably more vocal. \"McGowan's been doing some serious research these days,\" Tina said. \"They say they might be able to send up a satellite independently from Gattaca sometime soon. Pretty big deal.\" Vincent nodded noncommittally. For a college research program it was a big deal. Compared to Gattaca, where they sent up three launches a day, it didn't seem like much. But who was he to get picky? \"Who cares about their research?\" Miguel said. \"Miguel!\" Tina said, giving him a disapproving look. Miguel shook his head. \"Hey, I'm not saying anything against McGowan. I'm sure they're ace. But who cares? As long as you get out of this dump…\" \"Gattaca is hardly a dump,\" Vincent said. \"Sure. We get to be part of something bigger. It's great,\" Miguel said. \"Come on guys. We're mopping the floors. I'm just saying, you get a nice job like lab assistant, you take it no matter who's offering.\" \"I don't have the job yet,\" Vincent said. \"And with my luck, don't get your hopes up.\" \"You don't need luck. You've got guts,\" Miguel said. \"An interview for a lab assistant position! Lord.\" Vincent didn't listen too much to them, of course. Miguel would get excited over anything and Tina might just be being nice. The thing was, a lot of what they said was true. The position McGowan was offering was good, and it would look good on a resume later on. Being a janitor at Gattaca…well, it was a way to pay the bills. But there was no way he'd let himself get stuck here like Janine or Caesar, even if there were some things about the place he'd miss. He made a point of finding Eugene at the end of the day and telling him about the possible job offer, although he wasn't sure why. Perhaps because he knew Eugene would have a level head about it. The man worked at Gattaca, after all. He wouldn't be wowed at the idea of any position that didn't involve cleaning bathrooms, and he'd know what getting a good job took. If Eugene thought he was getting overexcited, he was getting overexcited. If Eugene thought he had a chance, well, maybe he had a chance. Eugene listened silently to the whole story (it was a short story, but Vincent stretched it out a bit) with an intent look on his face. When Vincent was done he nodded and said, \"Sounds good.\" \"Yeah,\" Vincent said. \"I'm pretty excited.\" \"One step towards the sky, right?\" Eugene said. \"Your dream.\" He smiled. \"I'm happy for you.\" Vincent blushed. \"Thanks.\" He bit his lip. \"Do you think I have a chance, though?\" Eugene pondered the matter for a moment. \"Well, your resume's not spectacular, but I'm sure all the people you've worked for will say you're a hard worker. And you have worked at Gattaca, so that's a point in your favor. And you know the material.\" \"I got a degree in astrophysics online,\" Vincent said. \"Not a famous program or anything, but it's accredited.\" Eugene nodded. \"You probably know more than me. I learned some physics and engineering in college, but my major was computer science and I was more focused on swimming than any of that.\" Vincent shifted awkwardly. \"Well, you're a genius.\" \"So Director Josef says.\" Eugene sighed, then refocused. \"I think your chances are decent. It's not like you're applying for an upper level position. Just a job as an assistant.\" \"Thanks,\" Vincent said. \"What for?\" Eugene asked. Vincent shrugged. \"I don't know.\" He hadn't thanked Tina or Miguel for believing in him, but somehow he felt the need to thank Eugene. Perhaps because on some level he still thought of Eugene as a member of the elite, rather than simply as a friend. Eugene laughed. \"I almost hope you don't get the job.\" \"Excuse me?\" \"Sorry. Things will be boring without you,\" Eugene said. \"Although I think I made a friend the other day.\" \"Oh?\" \"Irene Cassini,\" Eugene said. \"Know anything about her?\" \"Not a ton,\" Vincent said neutrally. So Eugene was making friends with some of his co-workers. Finally. Perhaps that would stop the rumor mill from calling him antisocial. Perhaps it would stop Eugene from actually being antisocial and get him to mellow out. \"Actually I have a hot date tonight,\" Eugene said with a grin. \"Good for you,\" Vincent said. \"I hope you have fun.\" \"And I hope you do well on your job interview. We'll have to exchange stories Friday,\" Eugene said. With that, they parted. Vincent could still feel a grin stretched over his own face. Things were looking up every which way, and he had a good feeling about tomorrow. A good feeling about life in general, even if for the first time in months he was going to miss out on watching the Thursday launches. /…/…/ Irene had insisted on driving tonight, so Eugene met her in the parking lot after work. She helped him into the car and they folded up his wheelchair and placed it in the back seat. From there, they drove straight to the restaurant, a small Italian place that Eugene had visited several times before. He had come a couple times since breaking his back, so the staff no longer stared at his wheelchair as much when they thought he wasn't looking, now able to take it in stride. They also had excellent lasagna, which was what he ordered every time. Irene ordered the same. \"Do you like lasagna?\" Eugene asked. Irene shrugged. \"Sometimes. You said it was good.\" \"So you're just stroking my ego,\" Eugene said, raising his eyebrows. \"You're a little bit paranoid, you know?\" Irene said. \"Is there anything else on the menu you would suggest instead?\" \"See, it shouldn't matter what I would suggest,\" Eugene said. \"It's not like I'm some kind of connoisseur.\" She gave him a skeptical look. \"Fine. I'll admit it—I'm a connoisseur. But, you know. Order what you like.\" \"I just did,\" Irene said. Eugene said, \"Oh.\" It was probably rude to keep talking about it. \"Well, good.\" Irene smiled lightly. \"You're nervous, aren't you?\" \"Of course not,\" Eugene said. \"Me, nervous? Never. I'm sure you'll love the lasagna.\" He grinned even more brightly, but Irene only shook her head. \"They call you stoic around the office, you know,\" she said. \"Not so much since the drunk incident, but before. Still a little bit.\" She shook her head. \"You really are nervous.\" \"Maybe a bit,\" Eugene said. \"Take it as a compliment.\" \"How long has it been since your last date?\" Irene asked. Eugene had to think it over for a minute. His last date…It would have to be that time he went out for drinks with Alex, although Alex had been a lot more into that than he had. That probably still counted—Alex had definitely tried to kiss him, even if Eugene had initially thought it was just getting drinks with a friend. So, a date. The last time he had a date he had enjoyed was too long ago to bother thinking about. \"Four years,\" he said, finally. Irene stared at him. \"What?\" he said. \"I've been busy.\" \"You were in the Olympics only three years ago,\" Irene said. \"You got a silver medal. There must have been girls throwing themselves at you.\" Eugene winced. There had been more than one, certainly. \"Yes, well, in the circles I ran in, there were plenty of men like me. It didn't take long for them to move on.\" \"Men like you?\" \"Valid, rich, intelligent. Devilishly handsome.\" He winked at her. \"I'm sure you know the type.\" \"You forgot to mention arrogant,\" she said. \"And yes. I do know the type.\" Judging by her expression (and by her workplace), Eugene was sure she had gone out with more than a few of them in her time. No wonder, really. She was a certain type as well. Also valid, rich and intelligent, and beautiful as well. She would be a smart match for any valid with high standards for his women, and enticing enough to anyone else. Perhaps his attraction to her meant that he was the same as them. He found he didn't particularly care. There was plenty about her to like. \"So?\" Irene asked. \"You thought the women after you were too shallow?\" Yes. No. Maybe? \"They were very attracted to the fact that I was an Olympic athlete with a lot of money,\" Eugene said. \"And you couldn't even give them a chance?\" Eugene shrugged. \"They had high expectations. I probably could have met them, but…\" He shrugged. He had been dealing with enough expectations without having to live up to the expectations of a romantic partner. \"I was busy training, at first. I was very focused.\" He had forced himself to be focused, beyond even what his coach had considered healthy. It might not have been good for his body but it kept his mind quiet. \"And after the Olympics, I suppose it was one thing after another.\" And by that he meant it had been a media circus and then alcoholism and then attempted suicide. But that wasn't something to talk about on your first date. Or possibly ever. \"You're a workaholic,\" Irene said. More like an alcoholic, but sure. Eugene said, \"How long has it been for you, then?\" \"One week,\" Irene said. \"Don't look so surprised. It's normal to go on dates fairly often at Gattaca, you know. Once the girls find out you're available you may find yourself with some offers as well.\" \"I was surprised it had been a whole week,\" Eugene said. \"You said you were busy last night, didn't you?\" \"With a friend,\" Irene said. \"You didn't think I had dates every night, did you?\" Eugene said, \"Maybe.\" \"Funny.\" The lasagna, when it came, was as good as Eugene remembered. He didn't drink any wine with dinner, although Irene drank a little, promising not to get too drunk to drive. She didn't mind, probably because she remembered what a fool he'd made of himself the last time he'd been drinking. Their conversation wandered this way and that. He asked about what she did in her free time (reading, bird watching, hiking, and self defense classes lately) and she asked him the same (reading, and…well, lately that was about it, but she didn't make fun of him for it). She told him about the companies where she'd worked before Gattaca—only a few, her skills had led her to be hired after just a few years, but refrained from asking him about the Olympics. Probably could guess that in many ways it was a sore subject. They had fun mocking Director Josef, who had been riding Irene's back lately on a project. Irene also told him a good deal of office gossip that he had been missing out on by not being connected to the grape vine. A lot of drama, but not more than he would have expected. \"Pretty tame,\" he told her. She gave him a look. \"Well, it's not like we have a lot of murders.\" \"Olympic gossip is more exciting,\" he said. \"All you Gattaca workers are so well behaved.\" He shook his head. \"Oh well. I'm sure it'll all explode eventually and it'll be very fun to watch.\" \"It's because of remarks like that that everybody says you hate working for Gattaca.\" Eugene bit his lip. \"It's nothing personal.\" \"Nothing personal but you'd love to see everyone at Gattaca go to Hell,\" Irene said. \"Not everyone,\" he insisted. \"Mhm,\" Irene said. \"You know, some of us are quite nice. You should be more social.\" \"I'll try.\" \"I'm holding you to it.\" Eugene was fairly certain no one in the world could compel him to join Gattaca's social circles, but he smiled, appreciating the thought. She was a surprisingly nice woman, though he wasn't sure why he was so surprised. And so the night trailed on one way and another, and she drove him home, dropped him off at his house. Before he went to bed he spared a thought for Vincent, whose job interview was the next day. Perhaps when Vincent was working at McGowan it would still be okay. Eugene would still have at least one friend at Gattaca, even if Irene and Vincent were nothing alike. /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: Sorry for the distance between updates. This chapter gave me a hard time because, basically, it's a happy chapter. Writing mostly happy chapters is difficult. And I was also working on a couple other things. Life is chaos. The shipping heats up between Irene and Eugene, and it looks like Vincent's luck is taking a turn for the better...Or is it? What do you think will happen next, or should happen next? Reviews would be much appreciated.[Chapter 8] When Vincent returned to work on Friday, Tina and Miguel were on him in minutes. \"So, genius?\" Miguel said. \"How about that lab assistant position? Interview go well?\" Vincent shrugged. \"Come on,\" Tina said. \"Give us some details.\" She pulled him over to a bench, ignoring the fact that they were also supposed to be working on the windows. \"I've never seen McGowan University. Is it as fancy as Gattaca?\" \"Not quite.\" Miguel snorted. \"I bet it's not as clean.\" \"Nope.\" \"But how about the interview?\" Tina asked. \"I think you said it was with Chad Michaels. He's supposedly pretty high up.\" \"Tina did some research,\" Miguel said. Tina elbowed him in the ribs and he laughed. \"I think the interview went pretty well,\" Vincent said. \"I didn't have much on my resume, so I couldn't say much about past experiences. But there weren't too many questions about that.\" \"Well, these days it's all about qualifications,\" Tina said wisely. \"You have your degree, so why should they care about experience?\" Vincent shrugged again. It had been pretty weird, honestly. He'd known that was the greatest weakness on his application—he'd worked at Gattaca and done his job well, but he was nowhere near an experienced physicist, even with a degree in astrophysics. He'd spent half the night beforehand coming up with ways to circumvent the question, ways to make his inexperience sound good. He'd printed out some of the emails he'd gotten rejecting him from various positions, the nicer ones that explained that the place simply wasn't hiring anymore, folded them up and kept them in the inside pocket of his coat. He'd been ready to argue, to defend himself as much as possible. But they'd only asked him a couple of questions about it before moving on. Well, Eugene had said that might happen. Perhaps his references and his degree did overshadow it. But he still had a sick feeling in his stomach that just wouldn't go away. \"They asked whether I had leadership skills, people skills, stuff like that.\" \"And?\" Miguel said. \"You totally do have leadership skills,\" Tina said. \"I mean, I can't think of any examples off the top of my head…\" \"You're an inspiration to us all,\" Miguel said firmly. \"Hey, did they ask about stuff like goals for the future? Or independent study of astrophysics? You'd have that covered.\" \"Yeah,\" Vincent said. \"Lots of questions like that. It was going pretty well. I think they liked me.\" \"So? That's good, right?\" Miguel said. \"Yeah.\" There was a moment of silence. \"So?\" Miguel said. \"So?\" Vincent said. \"You don't seem to be celebrating.\" Vincent sighed. \"Maybe I'm just being paranoid. McGowan has a really good track record with equal opportunity employment. It's probably nothing.\" Tina and Miguel exchanged looks. Tina raised an eyebrow. \"They asked for a drug test,\" Vincent said. Miguel whistled. \"What kind?\" Tina said. \"Piss test,\" Vincent said. \"Standard.\" He shrugged. \"At least I'm very efficient at those, if that's something they're looking for.\" \"It's probably just company policy,\" Tina said. \"Yep. A lot of companies have that policy.\" \"You said the interviewer seemed to like you,\" Miguel said. \"He did,\" Vincent said. \"He was very friendly.\" There was another long moment of silence. Vincent got to his feet. He'd checked in with Caesar earlier, conveyed the news as optimistically as possible, and got himself his cleaning supplies. There was nothing like manual labor to keep you from worrying about the future. It didn't work as well for Vincent now as it used to when he was first hired, but he figured it would at least be better than sitting around talking about it. \"It's probably nothing,\" Miguel said. \"Probably.\" \"Yeah,\" Tina said. \"You deserve this, Vincent. You have all the qualifications. You have passion. They have to hire you.\" \"We should be working,\" Vincent said. \"What will Caesar say if he comes around and sees us slacking?\" He grinned. \"I mean, he already hates me…\" Miguel sighed and headed off. Tina left too, but not before giving Vincent's shoulder a brief squeeze. It felt good. His back often felt oddly sore lately. Sometimes he wondered why valids got the intellectual jobs when their bodies were built so much better for labor, but he never thought about it for long. After all, it was close to admitting that valids could do something better than him, which was something he would never do. He cleaned the windows more meticulously than usual. No matter how he tried to focus on the job, he found himself caught between anticipation and dread. If he got the job, this might be one of the last times he ever washed a window. If he didn't get the job, he could well be stuck as a janitor forever. Like Caesar. But he shunted the latter thoughts to the back of his mind. Even if he didn't get the job, there was always another opportunity, he reminded himself. There was always another day. Sooner or later he would get a better position fair and square. And someday, someday… His gaze drifted out the window. There was a launch going up. He had forgotten to watch this time. During lunch break, he told the whole story over again to Eugene. This time the valid had actually been the one to come and find him, and he had actually asked about the interview. It was nice of him, Vincent supposed. He just wished he had better news to share. \"So it went pretty well,\" he finished. \"Except for the drug test.\" \"Hm,\" Eugene said, pursing his lips. \"I suppose a lot of companies do abuse drug tests these days. I'm pretty sure Gattaca does, actually.\" He gave a short laugh at that, although Vincent couldn't see anything particularly funny about it. \"I wouldn't have thought McGowan would hire based on genetics, though,\" Vincent said. \"They do have a good reputation.\" \"Excellent.\" Eugene shrugged. \"Well. Sometimes a drug test really is only a drug test.\" \"I guess so,\" Vincent said. \"It's hard to believe that, though.\" He leaned back against a wall. \"Besides that, my resume's kind of spotty.\" Eugene snorted. \"Like anyone cares about experience these days.\" Not exactly reassuring, since it only reminded Vincent of what they did care about. \"You'll have to wait and see,\" Eugene said after a moment of silence. \"Did they say when they were getting back to you?\" \"They said by the end of the week,\" Vincent said. \"Well then. I guess we'll know soon,\" Eugene said. \"Want to hear about my date with Irene?\" Vincent smiled. With a sigh, he let go of his tension. \"That would be nice.\" /…/…/ Irene didn't even wait to catch Eugene at the end of the day Friday. She stalked over to his desk and sat down on the edge of it, partly blocking his view of the computer. \"Afternoon,\" Eugene said. He considered some remark about hindering an important Gattaca physicist at work before brushing it aside—he had no energy for sarcasm, and Irene didn't really require it anyway. \"How's your day been, darling?\" \"Pet names already?\" Irene said. Before Eugene could answer, she added, \"Where were you at lunch, darling?\" \"Talking with a friend,\" Eugene said. \"Really now? You weren't just avoiding society?\" \"No.\" \"You weren't just avoiding me?\" Irene raised an eyebrow. \"Of course not,\" Eugene said. \"What? Did you expect me?\" \"Well, I was hoping you wouldn't go back to being a solitary clam,\" Irene said. \"I was optimistic.\" Eugene winced. \"My apologies. The clam tendencies are very strong in me. I was with a friend though.\" \"Vincent, right? You'll have to introduce me sometime.\" \"Certainly.\" He put forth a vague effort to be more sociable for the rest of the day. Results were surprisingly good—most of the people he tried to talk to seemed slightly shocked that he was actually talking to them, but still willing to talk. One of them invited him to have drinks with a couple other guys after work, but here Eugene drew the line. He suspected they just wanted to get him drunk again for their own entertainment, and either way he had no particular desire to become one with Gattaca's elite social circles. He doubted they even frequented the more interesting bars of the city. Probably they'd consider such places too dirty. Over the weekend, of course, he talked to absolutely no one, but he read a recent magazine, so he was technically still in touch with the world. He continued his half hearted attempts at socializing the next week. They bore fruit on occasion, to his disappointment—he ended up stuck in more than one long conversation, and even got to know, of all people, Thompson. Probably the stuffiest, most straitlaced person in the department, and Eugene somehow ended up chatting with him for an entire lunch. He was thoroughly disappointed in himself. Irene seemed to be pleased though. They didn't go out again this week (Eugene did ask her, but she was yet again mysteriously busy) but he found himself running into her time and again, and she always smiled at him. A half smile, a smile not entirely sure of itself, but still more real than anything her other coworkers had wrung out of her, at least in Eugene's sight. So basically he was winning. He saw very little of Vincent that week, probably because of how busy socializing with his supposed equals kept him. But he did finally run into Vincent again on Thursday, and he was quite glad of it. \"I've become a person who associates with Thompson,\" he told Vincent irritably. \"Thompson! Do you even know who that is?\" \"No,\" Vincent said. \"No, I don't.\" They were sitting in the lobby now, watching yet another launch go up. It was somewhat relaxing. \"He's an idiot, is what he is,\" Eugene said. \"He wears bowties. I swear if I am forced to endure another conversation with that twit…\" He trailed off. Vincent seemed unfocused. \"Is something wrong?\" Vincent cleared his throat. \"I heard back from McGowan yesterday.\" For some reason, Eugene had completely forgotten about that. Stupid. His one friend in this place (except Irene, and he wasn't sure he saw her as a friend, exactly) and he couldn't even keep track of even the simplest things. It had been so easy to forget about Vincent's job interview, to forget that his best friend at Gattaca might well be leaving within weeks. Leaving Eugene in the lurch. He'd rather wanted to forget about it. Still, as a friend it should have been the first thing he'd asked about. At least he could make up for it now. \"So? Did you get the job?\" \"No.\" Eugene blinked. It was a moment of dissonance. One of those moments when you're completely ready for what you know will happen next—a professor calling your name for attendance in college, the announcer telling you you'd won the men's four hundred meter freestyle. And then instead, you get something else. He bit off the congratulations that had already been on the tip of his tongue and instead said, \"Excuse me?\" \"I didn't get the job, Eugene,\" Vincent said. \"Is that so hard to believe?\" Eugene blinked again. The taste of dissonance still strong in the back of his throat, he said, \"I thought you said they liked you.\" \"Well, they didn't like me enough.\" \"Don't be ridiculous,\" Eugene said. \"Why wouldn't they hire you? You're very likeable. You're a hard worker. I mean, they can't think you'd slack off—you've been working as a janitor for years. You have the degree. It can't be the experience, no one gives a shit about experience…\" \"It was bad luck,\" Vincent said. \"Did you have good references?\" Eugene asked. \"A lot of it can be about who you know. You could use me as a reference if you want. I could talk you up. We could probably talk Director Josef into giving you a reference too, although he's a bloody snob.\" Vincent let out a huff of laughter. \"Director Josef is never going to give a reference to a janitor.\" \"I'll talk to him. Or I'll call McGowan if you prefer.\" His name wasn't as well known as it had been three years ago, but combined with his family's status it still had a certain sway, and he was fairly certain he had a couple connections who had connections with McGowan, if worse came to worst. \"Eugene,\" Vincent said. \"It's over.\" \"Nothing's over until you say it's over,\" Eugene said. He'd thought Vincent was ambitious. \"Yeah, well, maybe for you,\" Vincent said. \"You're Jerome Morrow.\" \"As if there's anything particularly important about that.\" \"Well, there's kind of a difference between an Olympic athlete and a faith birth,\" Vincent said. Seeing Eugene fall silent, he added, \"Look, I don't blame you. I'd love to be valid too.\" \"You're thinking about the drug test,\" Eugene said. \"DNA test would be more accurate.\" \"It wasn't necessarily that.\" \"Yeah, maybe it's just a coincidence that this has happened the last fifty times I've applied for a job beyond manual labor,\" Vincent said. \"Sounds pretty likely to me.\" \"Unauthorized DNA tests are illegal for screening employees,\" Eugene said. \"If you really think that's what this is, there are people we can go to.\" \"Maybe it is, maybe it isn't,\" Vincent said. \"You wouldn't have to scan my genome to know I'm an invalid, Eugene. It's all over my file.\" Eugene took a deep breath and let it out again. Of course it would be. Valids didn't work as janitors and maintenance workers for years on end. Even when their life was in a rut and they had no job experience and they were drunk half the time. No, they landed cushy jobs at places like Gattaca and everyone looked the other way when they showed the parts of themselves that were just a little bit unstable. \"It's not over until you say it's over,\" he repeated, looking Vincent in the eyes. \"You make it sound like I've given up,\" Vincent said. \"I haven't. Just not McGowan. Not this time.\" He turned away. \"I should probably get back to work.\" Eugene cursed quietly as he watched Vincent walk away. He felt distinctly as if he were the one who had failed to get the job, even though that was clearly Vincent's tragedy, not his. Still, he could see Vincent's future as clearly before his eyes as if he were watching a film. There would be another interview, of course, and another interview after that, and another and another and another. He would fuel himself with futile dreams for years, maybe decades, always smiling the same resolute smile, never ceasing to watch the launches. He would work his fingers bloody day after day after day, make idle chit-chat with the other janitors, pretend that cleaning the floors was another step towards his dream. And someday he would quietly die of a heart attack, and Gattaca would hire another janitor in his place. Eugene's fists clenched. It wasn't fair. Of course, the world wasn't fair—Eugene knew that much full well, although he was generally the one to reap the benefits of its injustice. His life was written out in as firm a hand as Vincent's: that he would work a white collar job for most of his life, act as if his achievements actually meant something and hobnob with people as bored and boring as himself. He doubted Vincent would have liked Eugene's life either. Even with both their lives mixed, things still came out pretty dim. At home that night, he found the human resources department of McGowan University in the phonebook. He spent about an hour writing out a speech that he would give. Condescending, self righteous, fiery. He would demand they explain why they had refused to hire Vincent. He would demand the universe to bend to his thoroughly valid will. He spent another twenty minutes hovering over the phone before crumpling the piece of paper with his idiotic speech. Swearing again, he flipped through his personal phone book until he found the number he had never quite gotten up the courage to cross out. He dialed before he could think better of it. One ring. Two rings. Three rings. Click. \"Hello?\" \"It's Jerome Morrow. Is this German?\" /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: To those of you who thought Vincent was actually going to get the job: Ahahahahahahahaha. Ha. Gattaca world don't work like that. To those of you who wanted a new chapter, like, a couple weeks ago, sorry. I've been wandering in other fandoms...and then of course there's always college. I'm a busy, busy woman. But you have a chapter now, so reviews would be much appreciated![Chapter 9] German wanted to talk in person. Logically, Eugene knew that was a good thing. It meant German was taking his proposition seriously, meant that he would have a better chance of selling it. It was a good thing. He really hadn't wanted to see German again anytime soon. But it was Friday evening and German showed up in his flat again, though this time he consented to enter in the back way, which Eugene could open for him, instead of breaking in the front way. He had an indulgent look in his eyes when Eugene opened the door and waved him in, which Eugene elected to ignore. He also still had a conspicuous bulge in his coat pocket, which Eugene ignored as well—though that was a bit harder. \"I never thought I'd see the day Jerome Morrow would invite me into his house,\" he said, sitting down on the comfortable lounge chair that was usually Eugene's seat of choice. \"Especially not after the way you greeted me last time. You were very mean.\" \"This isn't about that,\" Eugene said. \"Mm,\" German said. \"You said so on the phone. But you still called me.\" \"It's about a friend.\" German leaned forward. \"Yes, of course. I'm always interested in new clients. Have to admit, I didn't think you'd end up being that kind of connection. Have you been making friends now? That's good.\" As if Irene being concerned about his social life wasn't enough. Eugene scowled. He wheeled himself closer to German's chair. \"My friends are none of your business.\" \"Except this one, who you want to be my business,\" German said. \"Is he trustworthy?\" \"Absolutely.\" \"He can keep his mouth shut?\" Was Vincent good at keeping secrets? Eugene had no idea. They talked about philosophy and gossip, sure, but that didn't mean he had some sort of chart of Vincent's talents. The man knew his physics and astronomy and could clean windows—that much he knew. \"Of course,\" he said in the most offended voice he could manage. German looked skeptical. \"I'll have to meet him myself. I'm sure you think you know character, but you understand I'm not in a position where I can trust just anyone.\" He leaned forward and rested a hand on Eugene's shoulder. He could do that, even sitting in a lounge chair. Eugene stiffened. \"Vincent will do fine,\" he said. \"He's very intelligent and he'll be willing to do whatever you want, I'm sure.\" \"You're sure.\" Eugene nodded. German leaned back. Taking his hand off Eugene's shoulder, thank God. \"A man working at Gattaca is a difficult proposition, you understand. I'm sure his genetics are top notch—they recruit more rigorously than I do, even—but Gattaca's a very specialized line. A hiring company might be curious why he'd leave that kind of position and take up something so different. People in the same area probably already know what he look like…whole field's practically incestuous with how they all know each other…of course, I was willing to do it for you, but for someone else…these things are tricky.\" Eugene smiled. \"That shouldn't be a problem.\" \"Won't it?\" Eugene very much wished he had a cigarette out. He'd left his pack in the other room. \"You see, he's not a professional in the field yet. He's a janitor.\" German stared at him. Eugene continued to smile. Tightly. \"So you're saying your friend is an invalid?\" \"A faith birth, yes,\" Eugene said. \"But he's fully functioning. He could pretend to be a valid easily. Very intelligent, a great intellect, and his body…\" \"You're telling me you brought me out here to talk to me about an invalid?\" German repeated. Eugene crossed his arms. \"I understood invalids were half your clientele.\" \"Yeah, half of the people I serve are invalids, sure. And I have three invalids waiting for an opening for every valid I know,\" German said. \"You brought me here for an invalid?\" \"I would have been willing to discuss the matter on the phone.\" \"You didn't mention a faith birth on the phone.\" No, he hadn't. He'd hoped the conversation would go like this, but he'd suspected otherwise. Another reason it was good that German was here in person. Though it didn't feel good, with German's cold, incredulous eyes boring into him, and that bulge still in his jacket pocket. He didn't want to make German too frustrated. Only because he needed the man on his side for Vincent, he reminded himself. There could be no other reason than that. Jerome Eugene Morrow was afraid of no one. \"I mentioned a friend could use your services,\" he said. \"I don't believe I mentioned a valid friend either.\" \"Yeah,\" German said. \"I guess you didn't. But you knew what I thought, and you let me come out here anyways.\" \"He requires your services and I would like to recommend him to you,\" Eugene said. \"That's your business, isn't it?\" German reached into his coat pocket. Eugene tensed, but he only pulled out a box of cigarettes, from which he extracted one slender cigarette which he placed in his mouth. He took his time lighting it and blowing out the first puff of smoke. Trying to stay patient, maybe. Eugene bit his lip. It didn't matter whether he agreed to the deal or not, he reminded himself. Not to Eugene personally. Vincent's professional difficulties were nothing to Eugene really, even if he was trying to do a charitable thing and give the man a hand. Although he doubted most people would count illegal connections as charitable contributions. As the smoke gathered in a small cloud in the air, German finally spoke again. \"So you called me to talk about this invalid of yours.\" \"Yes.\" \"Because he's your friend.\" \"Yes.\" It still felt odd to use the word, but it was true. \"I like you, Jerome,\" German said. \"I told you last time. You aren't a snob, no matter how much you act like one. An invalid friend, huh?\" He let out another puff of smoke. \"Okay. What's he worth?\" \"What?\" \"What's it worth to you?\" German said. \"He was worth calling me up, wasn't he? Well, there are an awful lot of invalids out there begging for my help and I can't help all of them. You're a nice guy, great reference, but you don't understand the demand for my services. It's high, Jerome. Demand for guys like you, not faith births.\" He removed the cigarette from his mouth, holding it between two fingers. \"So. Make it worth my while.\" \"He wants a job at Gattaca,\" Eugene said. \"Not for the money. For the job itself. I'm sure he'd be willing to pay a large amount of his salary, depending on what the donor agreed to.\" \"So would anyone,\" German said. \"Between you and me, invalids don't know business. What else?\" Eugene shook his head. \"If you'll meet with him, I'm sure you can work something out.\" \"Really?\" German said. \"What, is he loaded?\" \"If you get him the job…\" \"I get anyone a job, they'll have money,\" German said. \"He's a janitor. He can't pay me. Not right now. Demand isn't high for janitors, Jerome. It's very high for valids with good genes, high IQs and excellent reputations. So let me ask you again. What is this friend worth to you?\" Eugene leaned back in his wheelchair. German leaned back as well, his cigarette back in his mouth. The smoke continued to accumulate. Eugene wished the nicotine hit were good enough secondhand to steady his nerves. Not so much. \"I'm not selling you my body,\" he finally said. German raised an eyebrow. And of course that was what he wanted. It was all he'd ever wanted, every time they'd talked. It had been stupid to go to him, but Eugene had been a little bit off his game, and he'd been willing to hope that maybe he could make him see reason. That maybe German meant at least a little bit of what he said about wanting to help people. \"I'm not,\" Eugene repeated. He wheeled himself back, slightly. \"This is a different piece of business. I have no interest in that.\" \"And yet, you called me,\" German said. \"For a friend.\" \"I told you to call me if you changed your mind, and you called me,\" German said. He crossed his legs. \"I'm not the one who brought it up, Jerome.\" \"You implied.\" \"I implied nothing,\" German said. \"But if that's what it's worth to you…\" \"It's not.\" \"It was the first thing you thought of.\" \"It's the only thing you want!\" German sighed and shook his head. \"You make it sound like I'm obsessed. Look, Morrow. I'm interested in business. Good business. A valid like you is good business. A guy like this Victor isn't.\" \"Vincent,\" Eugene said. \"Who cares?\" German uncrossed his legs. \"Look, if that's what it's worth to you—if you'd be willing to lend your ladder in exchange for this guy getting to borrow someone else's—I wouldn't turn you down. I'd charge your friend the same fees as normal, charge you maybe a little less. I like you, Jerome. I'd be willing to do it as a favor.\" \"No.\" \"And why not?\" \"You know why not.\" \"You clearly agree that this is a valuable service,\" German said. \"You want me to help your friend. It's only fair to help someone else out in exchange. Like karma.\" \"No.\" A slight pause. German got to his feet. \"Fine. I understand.\" His voice was quiet, smooth. \"You're afraid. You don't want to lose your identity. You worry that without your genes, you're nothing. They're all you've ever been.\" Eugene's jaw clenched. Don't yell, don't yell, don't yell. Keep your mouth shut. For Vincent. \"If you care about your friend, you'll do what you have to,\" German continued. \"You'll see in time that it will make you happier too.\" He walked to the stairs. \"I'll let myself out, hm?\" Eugene smiled bitterly. \"Go ahead. It's clear you don't actually want to help.\" \"I do want to help you, Jerome,\" German said. \"You just don't know how to help yourself. When you figure it out, call me. But not until you have a better offer than this.\" /…/…/ Over the weekend, Vincent tried to forget about the interview. He tried to forget that McGowan had been considering hiring him in the first place. Difficult when it had been just about all he'd been thinking about for the past week and a half. Work on Monday was just depressing. Bad enough on Friday, when he'd only had to get through the day. But on Monday he couldn't stop thinking about how he'd have to come back in to work every day that week, and every week that year (janitors got very limited vacation time) and every year for the rest of his life stretching far out into the future unless something changed pretty majorly. And at this rate, that kind of change didn't seem all that likely. Tina and Miguel were overly cheerful, clearly trying to distract him from his gloom. Tina even suggested that they all go watch a movie this evening, even though they rarely hung out together outside of work. Vincent agreed to make her happy, and it did cheer him up a bit. Still, on Tuesday he was still in something of a funk. He hummed as he worked on his window cleaning and thought about what other places he could apply to, anything so he wouldn't think about his recent failure. He got off work a bit early that day, and would have been happy to go home and probably just go to bed, except he was intercepted on his way out by a voice. \"Vincent.\" The voice was unfamiliar and nothing like Eugene's but still, as he turned, Vincent half expected to find himself facing an annoyed Brit in a wheelchair. Instead, he found a woman, young and blonde and thin, her hair tied back in a tidy bun and her makeup prim but subdued. Her facial expression was equally neutral. \"I'm sorry,\" Vincent said. \"Did you speak to me?\" The woman extended a hand. Her fingers were long and well manicured and golden-skinned. He had no idea why a woman like this would be accosting a janitor. \"My name is Irene Cassini. I believe you are Vincent Freeman.\" And apparently she actually wanted to shake hands with him. He reached forward and hesitantly clasped her hand, while with his other hand he tried to smooth his wild hair down a little. No luck. Well, it wasn't as if he'd be impressing a woman this beautiful anyway, especially if she was a Gattaca employee—it might be his dream to be one of them, but even he wasn't blind to their snobbery. \"That's me,\" he said. \"Have we met?\" \"No,\" she said. \"I looked your name up in the system. Found your picture. I wanted to talk to you.\" Vincent flushed. \"It's, um. It's not a very good picture.\" As if he looked much better in person, after a long day's work. Irene ignored the comment. \"You know a friend of mine.\" \"I do?\" Of course. He'd known something was familiar about her name. \"You mean Eugene.\" A single thin blond eyebrow raised in question. \"Eugene?\" Irene said. \"I mean, Jerome Morrow,\" Vincent corrected himself. Most people seemed to call Eugene that after all (and it was a far better name, honestly—that idiot). \"Sorry. I call him Eugene. I meant Jerome.\" \"Ah. Yes,\" Irene said. \"I wanted to talk to you about Jerome.\" \"Well.\" At least it had nothing to do with the interview. It would be a good distraction, especially since he hadn't actually seen Eugene in a few days. Not since he told him the bad news and Eugene barely accepted it. He wondered if things would be tense the next time they talked. He cleared his throat. \"Do you want to go somewhere? We're closing up here.\" Even if they weren't, the halls of Gattaca were no place to talk, honestly. Even if they were where he spoke to Eugene, that was only because of happenstance. If his co-workers saw him talking to a pretty physicist they would gossip for days. All right, he might have been slightly motivated by the fact that she was, in fact, very pretty. \"There's a nice café just down the street,\" he added hopefully. Irene nodded. \"That might be good.\" They took her car, even though it was just a block. Vincent, who usually took the train, was impressed. A nice car, too, with the top rolled down and fresh, unscratched paint. Compact—not big and showy like some of the men who worked here—but still very chic, very nice. Definitely more than he'd ever be able to afford. Probably more than even Caesar could afford, honestly. But at the café, when he offered to pay for coffee for both of them, she didn't object. That didn't make it a date, of course. They were there to talk about Eugene, and Vincent was pretty sure she and Eugene were, if not dating, still pretty close to it. Still, it made it…something. It made Vincent irrationally happy considering that was a good twenty dollars wasted on ridiculously expensive lattes. \"So,\" Vincent said. \"Jerome told you about me?\" He was well used to calling Eugene either Jerome or Morrow, although he did think it odd Eugene wouldn't have told Irene his name preferences. Maybe he was embarrassed. \"He mentioned you a couple times,\" Irene said. She hadn't tasted her coffee yet. \"He said he had a friend who was a janitor. That surprised me.\" Vincent laughed awkwardly. \"Not because of your job,\" Irene said hurriedly. \"Or not mostly. I suppose that did make it stranger. But he doesn't seem like the type to have any friends. He's rather cold.\" Vincent, who thought Irene seemed rather cold, said, \"Really?\" Irene raised an eyebrow. \"Yes. He barely talks to anyone.\" \"He's always seemed more the rude type to me,\" Vincent said. Well, at least when they first met each other. \"I mean, kind of antisocial? Or awkward I guess. He gets better when you get to know him. Somewhat.\" These days when they ran into each other, they tended to say less horribly offensive things and more casual chatter, along the lines of how Vincent would talk to Tina and Miguel except somehow different. Except for the other day, when Eugene had basically refused to admit that Vincent had to give up on McGowan. There had been something in Eugene's attitude then, something so oddly innocent it had almost made Vincent feel bad for him even though Vincent was the one with the bad news. Eugene acted cynical, but at the end of the day he, too, wanted to believe the world was better than it was. Which it wasn't. The world sucked. Irene had said something, and Vincent had missed it. \"I'm sorry, what did you say?\" he said. \"I guess I zoned out a little.\" He smiled sheepishly, pushing thoughts of Eugene's naiveté aside. \"I said, how long have you known him?\" \"I met him the day he arrived at Gattaca. I was the first person he met, actually,\" Vincent said. Unless you counted the people who had walked past him near the stairs, carefully ignoring his frustration. And who was going to count those jerks? \"Since then, we just sort of run into each other.\" \"I suppose he bowls you over too,\" Irene said. \"Huh?\" \"Nothing.\" Irene smiled. Her smile had something patently fake and bland about it. Vincent wasn't sure why that annoyed him so much—it had something to do with the coffee, somehow. \"Would you say you and he are close?\" Vincent shrugged. \"Maybe.\" \"He can be charming,\" Irene said. \"Only I think some of that is put on. Well, everyone acts a little at Gattaca. But he seems very uncomfortable. Even when he's only around me.\" She took a sip of coffee. \"I was wondering if he ever acted any differently around you.\" Vincent said, \"I suppose he seems comfortable sometimes. It's hard to tell.\" He mirrored her, sipping his coffee. \"He does seem distant occasionally, but he's friendly enough once you get to know him. And I'm pretty sure he likes you.\" \"Probably.\" Irene shook her head. \"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to ambush you. Only I think I might actually like him too.\" She smiled, and her smile was suddenly warm this time. \"Then he's lucky,\" Vincent said. Irene shrugged the compliment off. \"Only he's worrying. It's good to see that he really is friends with you, though. I half thought he'd made you up.\" \"Yeah. I'm real,\" Vincent said. \"Really very real. Have been my whole life.\" \"Are you sure?\" Irene said gravely. \"Well, you looked my records up, didn't you?\" Vincent said. \"Those don't lie. Unless, of course, I'm a degenerate.\" He winked. \"Lots of people would kill to have the genes for my position.\" He said it as a joke, but as he said it he thought it sounded a bit reminiscent of Eugene. Jerome Eugene Morrow, who hated everything about being a valid and a Gattaca physicist, would probably love to be a janitor instead. He did not mention this to Irene. /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: It's been a while since I've updated so if my writing style has changed at all or I broke continuity, sorry. I figured I'd gift an update before I head off into the Nanowrimo wars. German might be my favorite person in this fic. Vincent's section in this chapter is a bit less interesting, but it was about time he met Irene and I couldn't just leave him hanging. For a little while, the action's focusing on Eugene. (Like for basically the whole fic so far, but whatever. Don't judge.) What will Eugene do? How can he help Vincent? Will he sell German his soul (aka his valid genes)? Should he? Please review to let me know your opinions, and the update will come probably not soon but eventually.[Chapter 10] This was the problem about attempting a somewhat (read: very) illegal enterprise: When you started having doubts, when something went wrong, there was no one to talk to about it. Not that Eugene really had anyone to talk to anyways—not about things that actually mattered. Except, well, maybe he kind of did. Lately, at least. He avoided Vincent on Monday, and then again on Tuesday and again on Wednesday, even though towards the end of Wednesday he actually saw Vincent approaching him. He wheeled straight into a crowd at full speed, desperately weaving his way between awkward people and half knocking a couple over. He half expected that Vincent would catch up with him despite his best efforts, but no. He emerged on the other side of the crowd triumphant, the approaching janitor lost. He wasn't sure if he was relieved or disappointed. By the time he went home on Thursday, having not spoken to Vincent all week so far, he felt more stressed than he had since the Olympics, about ready to explode. Honestly, there was no reason for him not to talk to Vincent. Vincent didn't know that Eugene had tried to get him a…business connection…and failed. Vincent didn't know that Eugene had put his own selfish desire to keep his identity over helping Vincent achieve his dreams. Heck, even if Vincent did know that, Eugene doubted he would disapprove. It was one thing to try to help a friend out. It was another thing to give up your life for them. Vincent had certainly never asked for that. Only, the thought of facing Vincent as if nothing had happened, of speaking to him with the same easy enjoyment, the casual work friend again… Well, nothing had happened. But still. At the moment he met Vincent's eyes on Wednesday, bright with recognition and greeting, his body reacted without his even thinking. He had to run away. Stupid, of course. Stupid. Vincent was probably wondering why Eugene was avoiding him (if he ever bothered to think about Eugene when they weren't talking, that was). And he had never expected Eugene to do anything. It was all very stupid. But Eugene had never really been all that intelligent, genius IQ notwithstanding. Meanwhile, he had no one to talk to except his more valid coworkers. The only decent one among them being, of course, Irene. \"You skipped lunch again, Jerome,\" she said on Tuesday, stopping by his cubicle. She perched on the edge of his desk, feet not quite leaving the ground. One of her heels slipped out of her high heeled shoe, but it hung onto her toe. He forced his gaze up to meet her eyes, feeling the vague itch you always do when something hangs by a thread. \"I ate it in the lobby,\" he said. This was not true. He hadn't felt hungry today, had skipped his lunch, his breakfast as well. His stomach felt restless, but still not hungry. He'd brought in leftovers of last night's picked-over takeout, vaguely wanting to avoid the office cafeteria, but the thought of pork fried rice had little appeal. Not today. Irene said, \"Here I thought you were making so much progress.\" He smiled. \"Maybe I'm just hopeless. A leopard can't change its spots. An antisocial curmudgeonly swimmer…\" \"Can eat lunch with his coworkers and enjoy it,\" Irene said. \"If he's willing to give it a try.\" She met his eyes. \"You've been in an odd mood lately.\" \"I'm always in an odd mood.\" \"Odder.\" \"A compliment?\" Her lips turned up ever so slightly. At least he amused her. \"Would you care to get dinner Thursday?\" His stomach twisted at even the word dinner, not to mention the idea of being stuck making small talk with someone for probably more than an hour. Ridiculous. It had been fun last time. He blew out a breath. \"That sounds…good.\" \"Make nice to your coworkers and it's a date,\" Irene said, standing up from the desk. \"I'm always nice,\" Eugene called after her as she walked away, heels clicking on the tile floor. Which was not true, but it made her pause slightly before she continued walking. He made an effort to say a few words to Thompson that day. In his book, that was more than nice: that was saintly. The man was more boring than a phone book. The date on Thursday was not his typical, to the extent that he had a typical dating routine. Irene chose the restaurant for one, the privilege of the asker. A Chinese place. He didn't tell her that he got Chinese takeout far too often these days anyhow, and instead ordered himself sesame chicken and broccoli, slightly more expensive than the pork fried rice he'd had earlier in the week. And he tried to be interesting and put together and not a wreck. And he did not mention anything illegal. \"How's Josef lately?\" he asked her, sipping the complementary tea. He could have gone for something stronger—he'd been sipping a little vodka most nights to help him get to sleep, or at least red wine—but this place definitely had some nice flavor to it. And they said tea calmed the nerves. His nerves certainly needed calming. \"You mean the director? Well, he's awful,\" Irene said. \"He's given me twice the work load of anyone in my section and it's due Monday. I'll probably have to do some of it over the weekend.\" Eugene whistled. \"My condolences.\" \"But that's nothing new.\" \"Things can get old without getting any less annoying. At least he hasn't called me into his office again lately.\" Maybe he was finally realizing that Eugene was an employee at Gattaca, not a trophy. \"Praise the Lord,\" Irene said drily. Eugene laughed. He traded bits of food with Irene when it arrived. She had gotten herself some kind of savory beef dish, and she didn't want much of his sesame chicken, but she was willing to try. She ended up giving him more than she took, but when he protested, she told him he hadn't been eating enough. \"I've been eating plenty.\" \"Jerome,\" Irene said. \"You came to the cafeteria the past two days and you barely took a bite.\" She took a bite of beef herself as if to punctuate her point. \"It's not healthy.\" Her eyes on his face and throat as he chewed and swallowed were almost clinical, but there was a touch of warmth to them too. Then again, wasn't that how she always looked? He wasn't sure what he loved more: the prim serenity of her face and speech, or the little quirks of emotion whenever it broke. He was getting very used to them. She seemed so often to be pleased at talking to him, and he selfishly hoarded away every smile, every raised eyebrow, every time her eyes met his and softened, just a smidgen. He imagined her pupils dilating. He wasn't sure if they really did. \"Have you talked to Vincent again?\" He started. They'd been talking about innocuous things, and he'd barely been paying attention. He almost spilled his tea. How did she know? \"Vincent?\" \"Your janitor friend.\" He cleared his throat. \"No. I haven't seen him all week.\" Hadn't spoke to him, at least. \"Hm,\" Irene said. \"That's too bad. He seems like a good companion.\" She took a sip of tea. \"I met him the other day.\" \"Oh?\" That was…odd. He hadn't thought Vincent was the type to just start talking to random valids at Gattaca, and thought admittedly he'd done so with Eugene, Eugene had rather thought he was the only one. Was he actually just like that with everyone? \"Recognized him from your description,\" Irene said. \"Thought I'd introduce myself.\" Eugene tried to remember if he'd actually ever described Vincent, and failed. Too many conversations. \"Then what did you think of him?\" Irene shrugged. \"Well, you can hardly tell from one conversation.\" Eugene didn't narrow his eyes, but it was an effort. Something about her tone—well, she was always bland, but somehow he felt like she was holding back. He cleared his throat. \"You know, he wants to work at Gattaca.\" \"Doesn't he already?\" \"Yes, but a bit higher up.\" Eugene's mouth twisted at the pun. \"Dreams of the stars.\" \"I suppose that's a typical sort of dream.\" \"Is that why you decided to work here?\" Eugene asked. Irene said, \"I don't know. I guess I just sort of fell into it.\" As he would have guessed. Irene might have dreams, but she was no Vincent. No, whatever dreams she'd had, the world had long since torn them apart. That was why she was like Eugene. That was why they got along. \"It would be nice to dream of the stars,\" he said quietly. \"Don't you think?\" Irene said, \"They aren't going to hire him.\" She paused, and when Eugene didn't respond she said, \"You do know that?\" \"Yes, I know,\" Eugene said. They ate their dinner slowly and ended by opening their fortune cookies together. Irene's informed her that she should, \"Be a good friend and a fair enemy.\" Eugene's said, \"Never give up. Always find a reason to keep trying.\" Irene laughed lightly. \"Do you think I'm fair to Director Josef?\" \"If you were fair with him, you would have complained to administration,\" Eugene said. \"I suppose you'll have to make do with being a good friend.\" \"Are we good friends, Jerome?\" Irene said, her eyebrows raised. Serious or joking? \"The best,\" he said, taking a sip of his tea. \"As for me…do you think the cookies know I've been slacking at work?\" Irene's smile was a bit more neutral. \"Maybe.\" \"Well,\" Eugene said. \"I guess there's always one reason. My paycheck.\" He sighed. \"If I have to keep paying for dinners like this I really will need to get moving.\" \"I'm paying.\" \"No you're not.\" \"I asked you out, so I should be the one to pay. Unless you don't think…\" They argued over the check for a while and in the end Eugene let Irene pick it up, mostly because it made her look completely satisfied. Today, she even drove him home. She was someone to talk to, Eugene supposed. Not the same as Vincent but someone. Only whatever enjoyment he got from talking to her was mitigated by the fact that despite going out to dinner with her, despite discussing one thing and another all evening, he still hadn't managed to vomit up the one question he really wanted to ask. Which was: Would she miss him? If he decided to sell his identity to German and go underground, would she miss him? Was there any point to working at Gattaca instead? Was he doing the right thing? He wasn't sure she would have been honest with him if he had asked. And an honest answer to that question scared him more than anything in the world. /…/…/ On Friday, Eugene was deep into work, trying to actually focus, when a security guard tapped on his shoulder. He glanced up. Couldn't tell if the security guard was one of the ones he'd become acquainted with a few weeks ago—he'd been too drunk to remember much of the specifics and mostly his brain had just recorded them as buzzing flies—but the guard's face was fairly neutral, so at the very least he'd probably heard about it. \"Dr. Lamar would like to see you,\" the guard said. Eugene nodded. \"All right. Now?\" Yes, now. Fine, then. Lamar was as distantly welcoming as he had been the last time. He informed Eugene that he was going to administer another drug test (once again, blood from the inside of the elbow since it was easiest) and Eugene sighed and agreed. \"I don't see you very often,\" Lamar said as he swabbed down Eugene's elbow to prepare for the needle. \"Most people here get drug tested at least every week.\" He raised his eyebrows. \"I suppose that means you're a lucky one.\" Lucky that he couldn't piss as easily because of his back injury. Sure. \"How does it feel to perform a drug test that's actually a drug test?\" Eugene said. \"All my drug tests,\" Lamar said reassuringly. \"Are real and valid drug tests.\" \"And the fact that you get a peek into our DNA is only a nice little side result,\" Eugene said. \"Nearly every day, though. It seems a little bit paranoid.\" \"You're in an interesting mood,\" Lamar said. \"I don't decide the frequency of our tests. I only administer them.\" He drew the blood. \"And what if you did find a degenerate?\" Eugene said. \"At a company like this. What then?\" Lamar said, \"We never have.\" \"But you think you might. That's the reason for the drug tests, after all.\" Lamar looked at him with a very forbearing expression. As if he were dealing with Eugene drunk again, instead of sober and asking some very reasonable questions of a very unreasonable company. \"Taking on someone else's genetic identity is illegal, Jerome.\" \"So. You call the police,\" Eugene said. \"That kind of thing wouldn't be good for your company's reputation though, would it? Wouldn't suit Josef's philosophy either…if a degenerate were actually able to keep up with work here…\" \"We've never found a degenerate,\" Lamar repeated. \"And I doubt we will.\" He put Eugene's blood into the analyzing machine. \"But frequent drug tests are company police. Our standards…\" \"Are high, yes,\" Eugene said. \"That's why there was no penalty for me showing up to work drunk.\" Lamar laughed. Apparently he thought they were bonding over the incident. They were not bonding. Someday, Eugene figured, Vincent was going to be \"drug tested\" by this man. If he ever got into Gattaca, whether by legal methods or no. He wondered whether Lamar would be equally amiable to someone with a less stellar genetic profile. \"And have you been drinking since then?\"Lamar said. He hummed, looking at the results on the screen of his analyzing machine. \"Well, you aren't drunk today. But these alcohol levels are concerningly high.\" \"As long as I'm sober at work I'm not sure that it's any of your business.\" \"As the drug tester I have to inform you that is incorrect,\" Lamar said. \"Still, I see no need to report this little alcohol. But I must remind you of the psychiatric care we provide for free for employees, which includes services to combat a dependence on alcohol.\" Eugene saluted him mockingly. \"Well, I have been reminded.\" Lamar shook his head. \"The one person who really needs to be drug tested regularly, and we're only scheduled once every few weeks. Try to take better care of yourself.\" He was beginning to sound like Irene. \"Yes, yes.\" \"Degenerates,\" Lamar said with another put upon sigh. \"I don't think any of them would venture here. Security is far too tight. Still…we do what we must. Anyways, an invalid wouldn't have the skill set for this job—the director is right about that. Most of them haven't gone to college. Though I suppose the salary would be tempting.\" He clicked his teeth. \"You know, they say gene dealers are sharks.\" Remembering German's patient face and voice, Eugene had to suppress a shudder. \"Really?\" \"I don't mean that they're violent—though there's that too, nasty crowd honestly—but the fees they charge. You'd have to get a salary like yours or mine just to live comfortably with a gene shark demanding half your pay. Things like these, people say they're all about rights, but really it's all about money.\" Lamar shook his head. \"Anyone borrowing a ladder is just digging himself a hole.\" \"You give a lot of cautionary speeches,\" Eugene said. \"But in case you hadn't noticed, I don't need that one.\" Lamar said, \"Just making conversation.\" He held the door for Eugene to leave. \"Have a good weekend, Jerome.\" But he was already turning to the next person he had to drug test. As he wheeled down the hall back towards his desk, he found himself smiling the fiercest smile he'd smiled all week. All about money, huh? /…/…/ Ring. Ring. Ring. Click. \"Hello?\" Alone in his silent house, Eugene smiled lightly. \"Hello, German.\" A long pause. \"You took less time to make up your mind than I expected.\" \"I'm not selling you my identity.\" \"Indeed?\" \"That's out of the question.\" \"Then why did you call?\" All about money. German always put on an act that he was interested in Eugene personally, and Eugene had been almost convinced, in a paranoid sort of way. But Lamar, from a distance, was wiser. All about money. \"I'd be willing to pay you a considerable sum if you find Vincent a match.\" He held his breath for a long moment before German answered, voice skeptical. \"And what do you think is a considerable sum?\" \"How much do you want?\" \"You first, Jerome.\" Fuck. He'd wanted to sound German out first. Well, in that case, you always went lower than you expected would be accepted. Way lower. \"How does five thousand sound?\" A low laugh. \"Jerome.\" \"Then what do you want?\" \"Offer fifty thousand and I'll consider it.\" Eugene bit his lip. Fifty thousand. That was slightly less than his salary for a year, but not by much. Of course, his family was rich, but this was a matter of pride. (And he had no intention of making German believe he would dance to German's tune.) \"I'll offer seven thousand.\" \"Jerome.\" The same reproving tone. \"Ten thousand, then. You know Vincent will still be paying you his dues. No need to skin me as well.\" \"I'll accept thirty thousand,\" German conceded. \"But dropping below that…I would only do it for a friend.\" Eugene barked a laugh. \"I thought you said you liked me. How about twenty thousand?\" \"Twenty-eight thousand,\" German said. \"And you consider my offer to match you up as well.\" \"I'm not lending my ladder.\" \"I'm aware. But if you change your mind, you promise to come to me.\" Who else would he come to? \"Fine. It's a deal,\" Eugene said. \"When will you see Vincent?\" \"Tell me when he's available. I try to cater to my clients. Oh, and I expect ten thousand of your offer ahead of time. I consider it an advance against future services.\" Shark was right. \"I'll write up a check but you'll have to pick it up. I don't exactly have your mailing address,\" Eugene said. \"Fair enough.\" \"One last thing. Vincent doesn't hear about this.\" \"Oh? You want to be an anonymous benefactor, then?\" \"All he needs to know is I'm helping to set him up. He doesn't need to know about the twenty-eight thousand.\" \"Fine with me. Just have the first check ready to go.\" /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: Updates are getting kind of spaced out, but since Nanowrimo is over I'll try to make them more regular. Shout-out to Shadow, my guest reviewer whom I cannot respond to: Thanks for the encouraging words! I'll try to write this story to its end, which for me is actually within sight...though there's still quite a bit to go. My real question for Gattaca fans is, what is your favorite minor Gattaca character? Are you a Lamar person or a German person? Or hey, maybe you're into Caesar. He's a cool dude too, though he hasn't shown up in this fic in a little while. This chapter was all Eugene, but I promise there will be plenty of Vincent next chapter. Until then, I'd greatly appreciate reviews. Hasta la vista.[Chapter 11] Eugene had avoided Vincent for an entire week. Vincent had noticed this. Monday and Tuesday and even to some extent Wednesday could have been coincidental. He and Eugene didn't talk ever day anyhow, and especially after their last awkward conversation he was in no hurry to seek Eugene out. Not to mention he was feeling some slight residual guilt over having gone on a date with Eugene's sort-of girlfriend (though he couldn't quite regret it—Irene was a babe). On Wednesday, though, it became quite obvious that Eugene was avoiding Vincent on purpose. Vincent caught sight of him towards the end of the day and even caught his attention. Their eyes met for a moment. But as soon as Vincent stepped forward to meet Eugene, only a few yards away, Eugene hurried off into a crowd. So fast that he knocked people over and left a bit of a tangle in his wake. Enough of a tangle that Vincent couldn't follow him. Nor would he have. He'd never seen Eugene run away before, not from him or anyone else. There was definitely something going on. What could scare Eugene about Vincent, though…that was a question. Even if their last conversation had ended awkwardly, that was true of practically all their conversations, both of them stumbling over their own tongues in a weird balance between small talk and philosophical ponderings, unsure of where they were going. Their last conversation had only been about a failed job interview. It was not enough to warrant this. Maybe Eugene had heard about the pseudo-date with Irene? Maybe he was jealous? Whatever it was, it left Vincent frustrated. It wasn't like he needed friendship with a valid snob, but he'd enjoyed it. And he'd never been good at giving people space. He decided he would give Eugene as much space as he needed, though, whether he liked it or not. It was what a good friend would do. And then Monday came and Eugene's attitude changed entirely. Vincent was cleaning the windows when he came over. He wasn't even watching a launch, and it was very early in the morning, before lunch, before work was even in full swing. He rolled over to Vincent's side and cleared his throat loudly. Vincent turned around. \"Are we talking to each other now?\" Eugene gave him a puzzled look. As if he'd never been avoiding Vincent in the first place. Fine, then. That was something they weren't going to talk about. \"If you hadn't noticed, I'm a little busy.\" His rag was dripping on the floor even as he spoke, and some poor soul was going to have to mop it up later, quite possibly Miguel. \"What's this about?\" Because Eugene clearly wanted to talk for a reason. His entire body was tense—well, his entire body above the waist, all of his body that he could actually control. And his eyes were lit and focused in a way they rarely were. Eugene said, \"Do you know my address?\" What? Shit. If he'd found out about Vincent looking up his genetic records…but that had been months ago. Would explain why he'd been avoiding Vincent, though. People did it all the time but it was still not exactly acceptable behavior. Better to play dumb. \"How would I know your address, Eugene?\" Vincent crossed his arms, ignoring how the rag was now getting his uniform wet as well. Stance was important in situations like this. Asserting dominance. Eugene shrugged impatiently. Then he rustled around in his pocket for a minute before pulling out a small piece of paper and a pen. He wrote something on the back of it and handed it to Vincent. \"Here.\" Eugene's address was in the outskirts of town, nearing on the suburbs, a very expensive and slightly isolated area. Not exactly surprising. The card also had a phone number written on it, which Vincent assumed was Eugene's own. \"What am I supposed to do with this?\" he asked. \"That's my house and my home phone.\" \"I guessed that. What am I…\" \"This isn't a good place to talk. Come over to my house tonight. There's a…a proposition.\" Eugene wet his lips. He smiled nervously. \"Just come by after work. Any time, you know I get out earlier than you. I won't keep you up too late.\" He sounded like a boy trying to convince a conservative girl to go on a date with him. Or, with the proposition part, perhaps not so conservative. Vincent gave him a look. \"If there's something you want to discuss…\" \"This isn't the place for it. If you can't come tonight, tomorrow. Or call me and we can find a time.\" Eugene jerked his head. \"I have to get to work. I'll see you.\" He wheeled away before Vincent could call him back and tell him he needed to explain himself. Obviously on purpose. If he'd really been concerned about getting to work on time he would have met with Vincent later in the day, during a break, instead of at the earliest opportunity when both of them had things they had to do. He really didn't want to talk about whatever it was at Gattaca. That seemed fairly ominous. The word proposition was what made it shady. That hardly ever meant anything good, not when a valid was talking to an invalid. If he were a woman he would have thought Eugene wanted to hook up but he was pretty sure Eugene didn't swing his way, not with his obvious interest in Irene. Other types of propositions: Cheap, under the table labor; drug dealing; gang involvement—none of them really seemed like Eugene but what did Vincent know? Actually, considering how little Eugene cared about his health and that one time he had showed up intoxicated maybe he was into drugs. He wouldn't be the first valid to use a high end position to cover up some less-than-legal business, nor the last. But why would he try to involve Vincent in something like that? It was just so out of the blue. Eugene usually seemed, well, a little melancholy but still very respectable in the ways that counted. Proposition. Vincent sighed. He was over thinking it. Eugene was a good guy, mostly. Word choice didn't necessarily mean anything. A proposition could just as easily be Eugene trying to convince him to apply to a company where he had connections or trying to get him together with some nice invalid girl he knew. Didn't necessarily mean anything bad. In any case it would be interesting to see Eugene's house. It would be terribly valid, of that he was certain, but he wondered whether it would be neat or disorderly, old and venerable or new and high tech. What sorts of books would he have on the shelves? Would there be any decorations? Because of course Vincent would be going. If only so he could pass on the gossip to Miguel and Tina, he had to. Before tucking the card away in his pocket, he turned it over to see what it was—card stock like this wasn't just scrap paper. \"GATTACA Mental Health Services: Here to help your healthy psyche.\" Followed by two phone numbers, an office number and an email address. Huh. Vincent hadn't even known they had any mental health services here. But then, the insurance covered all sorts of things. Yet more reason to crave a job here. He turned back to the window, where his last couple swipes had already dried. /…/…/ Seeing Vincent in his home was strange. Not that Eugene was one of those snobs who couldn't picture an invalid in his comfort zone. It didn't make him cringe that way, although Vincent almost seemed to think it would—he was being careful not to touch anything and always stayed about four steps behind Eugene—but it still made him feel a bit self conscious. This was his hideaway, after all, his private hell where he self-anaesthetized and escaped from reality for as much time as possible. But Vincent was the most real person he knew. Under his analytical gaze, things Eugene chose to blur out became solid, relevant: photographs of himself with his family or with his silver medal, artistically winding stairs, even the chairs in the lounge. It was a clash, reality intruding into his private nest. He thought Vincent had to sense something of how Eugene felt about the place, how many drunken nights he'd spent sprawled out on the lounge chairs, how many times he'd been tempted to break the glass of the nicely framed photographs. But Vincent seemed to sense nothing. His gaze was analytical but still admiring. Even when he saw the bottles of vodka on the counter he only smirked. \"You want a drink?\" Eugene asked. Anything to ease the tension. \"I'd take one.\" Eugene poured them each a mixed drink, vodka and orange juice—they'd want to be sipping for the conversation so shot glasses were no good, but they had to remain mostly sober. He wanted Vincent to loosen up a bit but also to understand what he was saying. And of course if he himself got drunk the night would go all to hell. \"Did you eat anything?\" he asked, as Vincent took a small sip. It had not occurred to him, but a janitor got off work late enough that he might not have had dinner. Eugene had already eaten, and he didn't have much food in the house. He was a terrible host. Vincent didn't answer. Instead, he smirked again as he lowered the glass. \"The good stuff.\" \"What, the vodka? No, I bought it cheap. Sorry.\" Eugene grimaced apologetically. \"Usually when I'm drunk I don't care what I'm drinking.\" \"You could have let me have my delusions.\" They both sipped again. Eugene said, \"You remember I mentioned a proposition I wanted to discuss.\" \"That's why I came over.\" \"Well.\" Eugene hesitated. Vincent was dedicated to his dreams but he was also a very wholesome sort of person. How did one broach the subject of illegal activity? \"How serious are you about getting into Gattaca?\" Vincent stared for a minute. Then, putting his cup firmly down, he said, \"You doubt my commitment?\" \"I'm asking you how far you would go.\" \"You don't know how far I've gone already. I studied physics and astronomy for years out of books on my own because not even online college programs would accept me. I kept myself in peak physical shape even though my heart is supposed to erupt and I have asthma when I exert myself. Because I wanted to be up to Gattaca's standards.\" Vincent clenched his fists. \"I took the job as a janitor at Gattaca just so I could get a peek at what it was like. A peek. For that, I was willing to…\" \"I didn't ask what you did,\" Eugene said shortly. \"I asked what you would do now. If you knew you could get into Gattaca.\" \"Anything.\" \"Define anything.\" Vincent swallowed. \"Are you serious right now?\" \"As serious as I get.\" Eugene lifted his cup and took a brief swallow, letting the burn in his throat focus him. He raised his eyebrows. \"Tell me. Would you leave your life behind?\" \"I'd have to. Life as a Gattaca employee would be totally different—for one, I mean, the social protocol is…\" \"Move out of your house. Cut all your connections. That's what I mean by leaving your life,\" Eugene said. \"Dying to who you are now. Would you do that?\" Vincent shrugged. \"Who I am now is nobody.\" It wasn't true. Eugene wanted to tell him that. Who Vincent was now, janitor or no, was someone very important. He'd made Eugene's life better at least, and Eugene was sure he'd touched many others, and at any rate he was the kind of person who…mattered, somehow, in some intangible way made the world better by living in it. That, however, was somewhat irrelevant to the conversation. And Vincent's attitude was the more productive. The kind of attitude German would appreciate. \"And what would you risk?\" \"I've already told you I would give everything up.\" \"What if it was just a chance to get into Gattaca, a chance that could be easily forfeited? Would you still do the same?\" He watched Vincent consider it carefully. Clearly he knew these were more than just hypothetical questions; Eugene was cooking with gas. Good. Vincent had to be serious about this. If not, Eugene was going out on a limb for nothing. \"I'd still do it,\" Vincent said at last. \"Would you?\" \"A chance is more than I have now. More than I'm likely to ever get.\" Eugene nodded slowly. \"Why did you ask me to come here?\" Vincent asked. He leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms. \"A chance? Is that what you wanted to talk about?\" Eugene took a deep breath and let it out again. If he told Vincent he knew about German's little ring, technically he still wasn't admitting to being involved in it—he couldn't be arrested for that. Besides, no one would take Vincent's word over Eugene's if he denied everything, a faith birth's over a valid's. It should be safe. He was crossing the line, but he would still be safe. That was the privilege of his birth. \"What have you heard about borrowed ladders?\" Vincent's eyes widened. He laughed a little. \"Are you serious?\" \"I said I was, didn't I?\" God, he wanted a smoke, but he'd left his pack of cigarettes in the other room. Vincent composed his face. \"Um, criminal. Definitely against the law. They steal identities from valids in order to pass themselves off as more physically fit or sane. Or just to cover up something about their past.\" He burst out with a laugh again, a little hysterical. \"Eugene. Where are you going with this?\" Eugene steepled his fingers. \"I could set you up.\" \"You have to be joking.\" \"It's not stealing an identity, exactly. You connect with a valid who's willing to let you borrow their name, records and genes for a time. Simple enough. Hardly even immoral.\" \"And how would I connect with a valid who would be up for that? You're telling me you know someone? How would we even get away with that—there are drug tests at Gattaca every day!\" He was nearly shouting. Eugene leaned forward and hissed, \"Calm down. You said you would do anything, didn't you? Or did you mean you'd do anything as long as it was within reasonable boundaries? We both know Gattaca is disgustingly genoist and the law doesn't do anything about it. Why should you care about illegal, then?\" \"You're suggesting something that's going to get me arrested.\" \"You said you were willing to risk your life.\" \"Tell me your proposition, then.\" \"I know a man named German.\" Eugene paused. Was that even German's real name? Well, it hardly mattered. \"He's connected with a number of valids who are down on their luck and want someone to take up the fight for them. He'd be willing to connect you with one of them and supply you both with the equipment to fool basically any drug test. In exchange you give him a percentage of your Gattaca salary and promise not to rat him out.\" Vincent frowned. He got out of his chair and began to pace. \"I have heard about things like this. You hear about them when people are caught.\" Eugene let him pace. It was a big decision. German had been hassling him about it for so long that for him, it felt like the danger was more letting German get his way than risking his freedom against the government. But for Vincent, this was all new. Eugene would have liked to give him time to think, but German wanted a decision soon. Probably more because he was still annoyed at Eugene than for any practical reason, but at this point Eugene thought it was best to go with what he said. At last Vincent stopped. He stopped behind Eugene's wheelchair, so that unless Eugene twisted he couldn't see Vincent's face. He didn't bother. He just waited for Vincent to speak. \"This man could get me into Gattaca.\" \"Yeah. Easy.\" \"No one would recognize me?\" \"I think all you'd have to do is change into a suit. But he'd give you the works. Everything you'd need. So he keeps on telling me.\" \"What, he's tried to get you to recruit invalids before?\" Eugene did twist around now and glare at Vincent. \"We're talking about you right now, not me. Do you want to meet him or not?\" Vincent sagged. \"I guess I do.\" \"All right then. If you give me your phone number, I'll give it to him, and he'll call you. He said he doesn't want me at the meeting.\" Probably just because, once again, he was annoyed at Eugene and didn't want to deal with him for a while. Understandable—most days, Eugene didn't want to deal with himself either. And he was just as happy not to talk to German for a while, only he worried Vincent would get swindled without his intervention. But it couldn't be helped. Vincent wrote the phone number down on a piece of paper Eugene gave him. He shook his head. \"You of all people playing the middle man.\" \"I think I'm doing a great job,\" Eugene said. He folded up the paper. \"So. The proposition's not mine, it's his and yours. I'll tell him to call you soon.\" Vincent nodded. \"All right.\" He hesitated, glancing at the door. He'd come in through the back since Eugene still hadn't figured out how to unlock the door on the top floor, and clearly he was wondering if it was time for him to take the same way out. \"Stay for a while,\" Eugene said. \"You probably shouldn't be driving buzzed.\" Back in the day it had never stopped him, but then again it wasn't like he was all that leery of car crashes at the time. \"I'll get some food. I think I have some leftover takeout from the other night.\" AN: Well, it's a year later but I might be going back to updating this fic. We'll see if the motivation lasts :)[Chapter 12] Eugene called German the next day, since he thought German probably wouldn't appreciate being called in the middle of the night. Admittedly he had very little idea of what German's schedule looked like, and it seemed like his sort ought to be a night owl. Nevertheless courtesy prevailed, and instead he called just before heading out to work. German picked up, and he didn't sound sleepy. But the conversation was decidedly brief. He asked for Vincent's phone number. Eugene gave it. \"Will you meet with him soon?\" \"That's his business and mine,\" German said. His voice had an edge of warning to it. Eugene wanted to laugh. \"Really? So now you're eager to protect his privacy?\" \"He's a prospective client.\" Eugene really did snort now. \"Sure, now that you have your ten thousand. If you don't take him on, by the way, I want that back.\" \"Good luck, kid. You going to give me the eighteen thousand after I meet with him?\" \"I'll give you the eighteen thousand when you tell me he's settled in with his partner. Not before.\" Really he ought to insist that German wait until Vincent was already working for Gattaca just to keep him invested but that could be months and he didn't know how long German would be willing to wait. This would make German get the first steps done, at least, and from there in he'd have to be motivated by the idea of getting some of Vincent's salary, and doubtless a certain amount of money from whatever valid he was swindling as well. Besides, something about making long term plans made Eugene uncomfortable. Like he might lose all his money in the next couple months or Vincent might change his mind or something. He didn't like thinking too far into the future; it felt too abstract, too malleable, even when he knew that it really was very predictable: he'd still be working at Gattaca for as long as he wanted to, might even get a raise into an administrative position at some point. His salary would remain steady, his job ensured. No risks, no dangers, except those no one could really avoid—fatal diseases and car crashes and the like… And then he was off the phone with German, unable to remember if the man had even said goodbye before hanging up. He needed to focus more but he had a slight headache and he was tired, and he needed to get to work nonetheless. Well, he'd done his best. Vincent would have to take it from here. /…/…/ Vincent was a bit on edge. Couldn't be helped. Last night had been the craziest night he'd had in quite a while, even more surreal than the night he'd gotten the call from McGowan—had that really been only about two weeks ago? It felt like a long time. As if the world had changed drastically since then. Two weeks ago he'd been ready to go down on his knees for a lab assistant position at a half-rate university. Now he was older, slyer. He could feel a difference in himself even from the person he was early yesterday. He was going to get a job at Gattaca. His will was set in iron on that matter. But he wasn't naïve enough anymore to think he would get it by any normal means, any legal means. No, he was going to beg, borrow and steal someone else's ladder. The thought made him shiver a little even now (degenerate was practically a swear word) but it also felt right, as if he'd always known someday he would be this desperate, someday he would decide to take it this far. His coworkers seemed to have noticed he was off, too. Caesar, rarely solicitous, asked him if anything was wrong, and a couple others came up to him and gave him a pat on the back and asked him how his day was going in oddly friendly voices. Tina and Miguel kept on giving him strange looks during lunch break and finally when they broke apart to do their separate jobs Miguel said in a very nice voice, \"Hey Vincent, are there any more launches today?\" \"There's one at two pm,\" Vincent said automatically. He'd missed the morning launch today, preoccupied by his own thoughts, but he always knew when they were going up. He memorized the schedule a week beforehand just so he wouldn't miss any of them. All that seemed petty now. \"You gonna watch it?\" \"Yeah, sure,\" Vincent said. \"I should get back to mopping. See you guys.\" He hurried off, and he heard Tina and Miguel talking in low voices behind him. So maybe he was not doing a great job of hiding his excitement. It was hard for him to focus on conversation or act casual when he knew that something wonderful was going to happen so soon—wonderful and frightening at the same time. He tried to pay attention to what people said to him but failed. At least his mopping was as good as usual. Muscle memory carried him through the day, and no one could complain about the quality of his work. He missed watching the launch at two. Only realized that when the day was over. That wasn't good, that break in habit. It would be an obvious sign that he was thinking about something. And, too, he wondered if perhaps Eugene might have watched it, and might have been waiting for him to come over and join. They were friends again now, after all. Friends and partners in crime. Well, not partners. But Eugene was his enabler, his connection. Now their innocent work relationship had turned illicit. Vincent wondered if, seeing Eugene, he would have been able to keep apprehension, anticipation, off his face. He took the subway home. The station was only a five minute walk from his apartment. It was hot outside. Summer had set in, and he was wearing his work clothes and a light jacket on top because he hated walking the streets looking like the janitor he was. Sweat began to build up on the back of his neck. It was late in the evening, but the heat would not leave. The night, doubtless, would be long and silent. There was a man waiting at the door to his apartment. The man was maybe five and a half feet, not tall at all. He had a widow's peak but his hair was neat and orderly. A bit of a large nose and an easy smile on his face as Vincent approached. He'd been leaning against the door but as Vincent drew nearer he straightened and held out a hand. Hesitantly, Vincent shook it. \"Hello.\" If this was the connection, he'd worked fast. But he wasn't sure how to ask that. Couldn't just ask someone you met on the street whether they were in the business of borrowed ladders. \"Vincent Freeman.\" The man pronounced the words as if they were from a foreign language. Yet he seemed entertained by them at the same time. His eyebrows lifted slightly. \"You must be German,\" Vincent said. \"Yes. May I come inside? I thought it might be rude to let myself in.\" Vincent laughed a little, awkward. \"It's, uh, it's locked.\" \"Yes. I thought you might not want uninvited guests, considering the neighborhood you live in. Not that I'm uninvited. You did want to see me?\" \"Yes.\" German gestured at the door. Vincent fumbled with the keys before sticking one in the lock. His hands were shaking. That was bad, that was a very invalid thing for them to do. He'd thought this morning he had nerves of steel. Now, faced with the man himself, he knew he was still the eager young thing he'd been yesterday. He opened the door and made way for German, but German stood waiting until he entered, and then followed him in. His gaze swept over the parlor. Ratty couch, optimistically big in case Vincent ever actually asked someone over. A couple half hearted pictures on the wall, none of Vincent himself or of his family but of landscapes, mountains edged against a brilliant night sky. Stacks of books about astronomy, physics, the history of space travel, one or two on legislation regarding equality in the work place that he hadn't cracked open since realizing they weren't worth the paper they were printed on. A rug that he'd managed to keep reasonably clean by taking his shoes off before coming in, which he did now. \"You have a nice little place,\" German said. \"I try to keep it tidy.\" \"If you agree to my proposition, you will have to move out, you understand. Your new roommate might not be as tidy as you.\" German smiled a tight smile. \"My invalid clients are always achievers—my valid clients, not always so. Well, they certainly do achieve, but they might not always keep a room so neat. They often have frustrating habits. Do you think you could deal with the stress of cohabitation, Vincent?\" \"Yes, sir. I'm a janitor. I know how to deal with other people's messes.\" \"Clean living.\" German took a pack of cigarettes out of the inside of his coat. \"Do you smoke, Vincent?\" \"Yes, sir.\" \"Good. Most valids do.\" German offered him a cigarette and then a lighter, both of which he accepted. They sat down on the ratty couch. It was a nice couch in its own way, wide and orange and not completely destroyed and very cheap when he got it at a second-hand store, but not really suited for doing business with a gentleman. He winced as he watched German's suit rub against the worn fabric, even the colors clashing. Well, but German technically wasn't a gentleman, even if he acted like one. So there was that. \"Tell me what you want from me, Vincent.\" \"I…you know.\" \"Tell me. If you can't verbalize it, you don't have the guts to follow through.\" \"I want you to connect me with a valid who will give me his ladder and his genetic material. I want to disguise myself as this valid so that I can get a job at Gattaca. I want to go into space.\" \"Ambitious. Like I said. You're a good match for me, Vincent…apart from your frankly terrible genetics but what the hell, Gattaca judges but I don't. You know what a Gattaca salary is?\" \"Yes, sir.\" \"Twenty percent goes to me. Half of what remains goes to your partner. But I'm sure you're not in this for the money.\" \"No, sir.\" German had taken a cigarette out for himself. He took a long, slow drag and then released the smoke into the air. \"How much are you willing to give, Vincent Freeman?\" He thought about what Eugene had said, how much he would have to give up from the get-go. \"I'd give up 'Vincent Freeman', for starters.\" \"Well, that's a given.\" \"I'd give up my old life. I'll even fake my death if necessary—\" \"It won't be, no one cares about a janitor.\" Vincent swallowed before soldiering on. \"The money, sure, fine. I'm fine with moving. I'll change my appearance. I'll give one hundred percent.\" \"And maybe get halfway there…without my help.\" German blew out another breath of smoke. \"But you're lucky, kid. I like you. Well, I think you're okay. And Jerome is head over heels.\" \"Jerome? Oh. Yeah.\" \"He likes you a lot.\" \"I guess we get along.\" \"Get along.\" German laughed. \"He set you up with a connection like me. That's not just getting along. What's your connection with Jerome?\" \"We're friends.\" \"And how does that work, between a physicist and a janitor?\" Vincent crossed his arms. Why were they talking about Eugene? He'd set up the deal but he wasn't here, wasn't really relevant either. \"It works fine. When you aren't a bigot.\" German's eyebrows lifted. \"Okay, okay. I guess we've learned you can keep your mouth shut. Oh, and that's vital, by the way. You being able to keep a secret.\" \"I can handle it.\" \"If you get caught, you and your partner did all of this alone. You got the equipment alone, you found each other alone. You don't want to mention me. Trust me on that.\" German smiled a wide smile. Vincent smiled back. His throat was tight. God help him if his asthma came back now—hadn't bothered him in a long time but this would be just the moment, wouldn't it? \"Once you set me up, you don't exist to me.\" German wagged a finger. \"Except you're paying me.\" \"You'll get your money.\" \"Mm.\" German stood. \"I think I can hook you up. There's someone I have in mind, if you can deal with a difficult personality.\" \"I think I can handle it.\" \"You think or you know?\" \"I know. I can handle anything.\" \"Good. I'll be in touch.\" German paused at the door. \"It's great, you being protective of Jerome. But you don't need to protect him from me. I like Jerome. I'm on his side.\" He opened the door. \"Well, always good to meet one of his friends. Like I said, I'll be in touch.\" He closed the door behind him. Vincent heaved a breath. Almost turned into a panic attack, but he grounded himself, clenching his fingers into the material of the couch. He was fine. He was fine. He hadn't even realized he was frightened, really, until German was gone. But there was no need to be frightened. German was a friend, and he was taking a risk but it would help him. He was reaching toward his dreams; now he might finally get somewhere. He had a late dinner. It only occurred to him now that he should have offered German something to eat or drink—he wanted the man to like him, after all. But it was too late. Maybe next time, though it was possible they wouldn't meet here next time, but somewhere else. He'd said he'd be in touch. That wasn't very concrete. Vincent wondered how long it might take him. A day? A week? A month? He'd said he had someone in mind, but it might take a while to wrangle. Probably Vincent didn't need to worry about anything yet. He could relax for a little while. Really, though, he doubted he'd be able to even relax enough to get some sleep tonight. He tried calling Eugene to tell him how things had gone—it was his business and German's, but he thought Eugene, experienced with German, might be able to offer some advice. But Eugene's line was busy. He wondered if perhaps he was talking to Irene, if the two were arranging a date or laughing over gossip. Things two valids could do, things a valid and an invalid could not as easily. German had been right to question his friendship with Eugene. It was always on the edge of a precipice. He went to bed. He would see Eugene tomorrow, as he always did. /…/…/ When Eugene answered the call from German, for the first time perhaps in his life he was eager to hear what the man had to say. \"So?\" \"So you'll have to give me the eighteen thousand in…two weeks,\" German said. \"More or less. You know this business is never set in stone.\" He spoke familiarly, as if they were comrades, which maybe they were now. Still, Eugene didn't know whether the business was set in stone, how fast it moved or how unsteadily. He didn't know a thing about the business, but German wanted him to feel like he did, like he and German really were working together. Then he wouldn't hesitate to bury himself deeper. Hearing German's voice made him almost regret connecting the man with Vincent, but it was too late for that. \"So you'll work with him, then?\" \"We'll see how he and his partner match. It's a precarious thing. There has to be chemistry, and it's not all physical.\" \"Good God. This isn't a love affair you're trying to set up.\" \"No. It's a business enterprise, and it's two men exchanging lives. It's trickier than a love affair. Closer, more intimate.\" German chuckled. \"Isn't that why you're afraid of it, Jerome?\" \"No. You know my reasons.\" Eugene huffed. \"But Vincent will do fine. I'll get you the money when you get him connected.\" \"He's a nice boy. I can see why you like him. The kind of guy you just feel bad for. Makes you want to give him a hug.\" \"Vincent is a perfectly competent man .\" Eugene bit back his anger. \"Were you calling for anything else?\" \"Maybe I just like talking to a friend.\" \"We're not friends. We're associates. And we're barely that.\" \"I'm proud of you, Jerome. You're doing a good thing for Vincent, even if he doesn't know it. Twenty-eight thousand dollars…\" \"You know I've never cared about money.\" \"Good, then, give me the fifty thousand I asked for.\" \"German.\" German laughed. \"I'll talk to you later, Jerome. But you sound good. It's always nice talking to you.\" /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: Yes, this fic updates really really slowly. but i swear it will end eventually, probably in about two chapters. reviews would probably help to motivate me to actually get there.","LastChapter":"Eugene called German the next day, since he thought German probably wouldn't appreciate being called in the middle of the night. Admittedly he had very little idea of what German's schedule looked like, and it seemed like his sort ought to be a night owl. Nevertheless courtesy prevailed, and instead he called just before heading out to work. German picked up, and he didn't sound sleepy. But the conversation was decidedly brief. He asked for Vincent's phone number. Eugene gave it. \"Will you meet with him soon?\" \"That's his business and mine,\" German said. His voice had an edge of warning to it. Eugene wanted to laugh. \"Really? So now you're eager to protect his privacy?\" \"He's a prospective client.\" Eugene really did snort now. \"Sure, now that you have your ten thousand. If you don't take him on, by the way, I want that back.\" \"Good luck, kid. You going to give me the eighteen thousand after I meet with him?\" \"I'll give you the eighteen thousand when you tell me he's settled in with his partner. Not before.\" Really he ought to insist that German wait until Vincent was already working for Gattaca just to keep him invested but that could be months and he didn't know how long German would be willing to wait. This would make German get the first steps done, at least, and from there in he'd have to be motivated by the idea of getting some of Vincent's salary, and doubtless a certain amount of money from whatever valid he was swindling as well. Besides, something about making long term plans made Eugene uncomfortable. Like he might lose all his money in the next couple months or Vincent might change his mind or something. He didn't like thinking too far into the future; it felt too abstract, too malleable, even when he knew that it really was very predictable: he'd still be working at Gattaca for as long as he wanted to, might even get a raise into an administrative position at some point. His salary would remain steady, his job ensured. No risks, no dangers, except those no one could really avoid—fatal diseases and car crashes and the like… And then he was off the phone with German, unable to remember if the man had even said goodbye before hanging up. He needed to focus more but he had a slight headache and he was tired, and he needed to get to work nonetheless. Well, he'd done his best. Vincent would have to take it from here. /…/…/ Vincent was a bit on edge. Couldn't be helped. Last night had been the craziest night he'd had in quite a while, even more surreal than the night he'd gotten the call from McGowan—had that really been only about two weeks ago? It felt like a long time. As if the world had changed drastically since then. Two weeks ago he'd been ready to go down on his knees for a lab assistant position at a half-rate university. Now he was older, slyer. He could feel a difference in himself even from the person he was early yesterday. He was going to get a job at Gattaca. His will was set in iron on that matter. But he wasn't naïve enough anymore to think he would get it by any normal means, any legal means. No, he was going to beg, borrow and steal someone else's ladder. The thought made him shiver a little even now (degenerate was practically a swear word) but it also felt right, as if he'd always known someday he would be this desperate, someday he would decide to take it this far. His coworkers seemed to have noticed he was off, too. Caesar, rarely solicitous, asked him if anything was wrong, and a couple others came up to him and gave him a pat on the back and asked him how his day was going in oddly friendly voices. Tina and Miguel kept on giving him strange looks during lunch break and finally when they broke apart to do their separate jobs Miguel said in a very nice voice, \"Hey Vincent, are there any more launches today?\" \"There's one at two pm,\" Vincent said automatically. He'd missed the morning launch today, preoccupied by his own thoughts, but he always knew when they were going up. He memorized the schedule a week beforehand just so he wouldn't miss any of them. All that seemed petty now. \"You gonna watch it?\" \"Yeah, sure,\" Vincent said. \"I should get back to mopping. See you guys.\" He hurried off, and he heard Tina and Miguel talking in low voices behind him. So maybe he was not doing a great job of hiding his excitement. It was hard for him to focus on conversation or act casual when he knew that something wonderful was going to happen so soon—wonderful and frightening at the same time. He tried to pay attention to what people said to him but failed. At least his mopping was as good as usual. Muscle memory carried him through the day, and no one could complain about the quality of his work. He missed watching the launch at two. Only realized that when the day was over. That wasn't good, that break in habit. It would be an obvious sign that he was thinking about something. And, too, he wondered if perhaps Eugene might have watched it, and might have been waiting for him to come over and join. They were friends again now, after all. Friends and partners in crime. Well, not partners. But Eugene was his enabler, his connection. Now their innocent work relationship had turned illicit. Vincent wondered if, seeing Eugene, he would have been able to keep apprehension, anticipation, off his face. He took the subway home. The station was only a five minute walk from his apartment. It was hot outside. Summer had set in, and he was wearing his work clothes and a light jacket on top because he hated walking the streets looking like the janitor he was. Sweat began to build up on the back of his neck. It was late in the evening, but the heat would not leave. The night, doubtless, would be long and silent. There was a man waiting at the door to his apartment. The man was maybe five and a half feet, not tall at all. He had a widow's peak but his hair was neat and orderly. A bit of a large nose and an easy smile on his face as Vincent approached. He'd been leaning against the door but as Vincent drew nearer he straightened and held out a hand. Hesitantly, Vincent shook it. \"Hello.\" If this was the connection, he'd worked fast. But he wasn't sure how to ask that. Couldn't just ask someone you met on the street whether they were in the business of borrowed ladders. \"Vincent Freeman.\" The man pronounced the words as if they were from a foreign language. Yet he seemed entertained by them at the same time. His eyebrows lifted slightly. \"You must be German,\" Vincent said. \"Yes. May I come inside? I thought it might be rude to let myself in.\" Vincent laughed a little, awkward. \"It's, uh, it's locked.\" \"Yes. I thought you might not want uninvited guests, considering the neighborhood you live in. Not that I'm uninvited. You did want to see me?\" \"Yes.\" German gestured at the door. Vincent fumbled with the keys before sticking one in the lock. His hands were shaking. That was bad, that was a very invalid thing for them to do. He'd thought this morning he had nerves of steel. Now, faced with the man himself, he knew he was still the eager young thing he'd been yesterday. He opened the door and made way for German, but German stood waiting until he entered, and then followed him in. His gaze swept over the parlor. Ratty couch, optimistically big in case Vincent ever actually asked someone over. A couple half hearted pictures on the wall, none of Vincent himself or of his family but of landscapes, mountains edged against a brilliant night sky. Stacks of books about astronomy, physics, the history of space travel, one or two on legislation regarding equality in the work place that he hadn't cracked open since realizing they weren't worth the paper they were printed on. A rug that he'd managed to keep reasonably clean by taking his shoes off before coming in, which he did now. \"You have a nice little place,\" German said. \"I try to keep it tidy.\" \"If you agree to my proposition, you will have to move out, you understand. Your new roommate might not be as tidy as you.\" German smiled a tight smile. \"My invalid clients are always achievers—my valid clients, not always so. Well, they certainly do achieve, but they might not always keep a room so neat. They often have frustrating habits. Do you think you could deal with the stress of cohabitation, Vincent?\" \"Yes, sir. I'm a janitor. I know how to deal with other people's messes.\" \"Clean living.\" German took a pack of cigarettes out of the inside of his coat. \"Do you smoke, Vincent?\" \"Yes, sir.\" \"Good. Most valids do.\" German offered him a cigarette and then a lighter, both of which he accepted. They sat down on the ratty couch. It was a nice couch in its own way, wide and orange and not completely destroyed and very cheap when he got it at a second-hand store, but not really suited for doing business with a gentleman. He winced as he watched German's suit rub against the worn fabric, even the colors clashing. Well, but German technically wasn't a gentleman, even if he acted like one. So there was that. \"Tell me what you want from me, Vincent.\" \"I…you know.\" \"Tell me. If you can't verbalize it, you don't have the guts to follow through.\" \"I want you to connect me with a valid who will give me his ladder and his genetic material. I want to disguise myself as this valid so that I can get a job at Gattaca. I want to go into space.\" \"Ambitious. Like I said. You're a good match for me, Vincent…apart from your frankly terrible genetics but what the hell, Gattaca judges but I don't. You know what a Gattaca salary is?\" \"Yes, sir.\" \"Twenty percent goes to me. Half of what remains goes to your partner. But I'm sure you're not in this for the money.\" \"No, sir.\" German had taken a cigarette out for himself. He took a long, slow drag and then released the smoke into the air. \"How much are you willing to give, Vincent Freeman?\" He thought about what Eugene had said, how much he would have to give up from the get-go. \"I'd give up 'Vincent Freeman', for starters.\" \"Well, that's a given.\" \"I'd give up my old life. I'll even fake my death if necessary—\" \"It won't be, no one cares about a janitor.\" Vincent swallowed before soldiering on. \"The money, sure, fine. I'm fine with moving. I'll change my appearance. I'll give one hundred percent.\" \"And maybe get halfway there…without my help.\" German blew out another breath of smoke. \"But you're lucky, kid. I like you. Well, I think you're okay. And Jerome is head over heels.\" \"Jerome? Oh. Yeah.\" \"He likes you a lot.\" \"I guess we get along.\" \"Get along.\" German laughed. \"He set you up with a connection like me. That's not just getting along. What's your connection with Jerome?\" \"We're friends.\" \"And how does that work, between a physicist and a janitor?\" Vincent crossed his arms. Why were they talking about Eugene? He'd set up the deal but he wasn't here, wasn't really relevant either. \"It works fine. When you aren't a bigot.\" German's eyebrows lifted. \"Okay, okay. I guess we've learned you can keep your mouth shut. Oh, and that's vital, by the way. You being able to keep a secret.\" \"I can handle it.\" \"If you get caught, you and your partner did all of this alone. You got the equipment alone, you found each other alone. You don't want to mention me. Trust me on that.\" German smiled a wide smile. Vincent smiled back. His throat was tight. God help him if his asthma came back now—hadn't bothered him in a long time but this would be just the moment, wouldn't it? \"Once you set me up, you don't exist to me.\" German wagged a finger. \"Except you're paying me.\" \"You'll get your money.\" \"Mm.\" German stood. \"I think I can hook you up. There's someone I have in mind, if you can deal with a difficult personality.\" \"I think I can handle it.\" \"You think or you know?\" \"I know. I can handle anything.\" \"Good. I'll be in touch.\" German paused at the door. \"It's great, you being protective of Jerome. But you don't need to protect him from me. I like Jerome. I'm on his side.\" He opened the door. \"Well, always good to meet one of his friends. Like I said, I'll be in touch.\" He closed the door behind him. Vincent heaved a breath. Almost turned into a panic attack, but he grounded himself, clenching his fingers into the material of the couch. He was fine. He was fine. He hadn't even realized he was frightened, really, until German was gone. But there was no need to be frightened. German was a friend, and he was taking a risk but it would help him. He was reaching toward his dreams; now he might finally get somewhere. He had a late dinner. It only occurred to him now that he should have offered German something to eat or drink—he wanted the man to like him, after all. But it was too late. Maybe next time, though it was possible they wouldn't meet here next time, but somewhere else. He'd said he'd be in touch. That wasn't very concrete. Vincent wondered how long it might take him. A day? A week? A month? He'd said he had someone in mind, but it might take a while to wrangle. Probably Vincent didn't need to worry about anything yet. He could relax for a little while. Really, though, he doubted he'd be able to even relax enough to get some sleep tonight. He tried calling Eugene to tell him how things had gone—it was his business and German's, but he thought Eugene, experienced with German, might be able to offer some advice. But Eugene's line was busy. He wondered if perhaps he was talking to Irene, if the two were arranging a date or laughing over gossip. Things two valids could do, things a valid and an invalid could not as easily. German had been right to question his friendship with Eugene. It was always on the edge of a precipice. He went to bed. He would see Eugene tomorrow, as he always did. /…/…/ When Eugene answered the call from German, for the first time perhaps in his life he was eager to hear what the man had to say. \"So?\" \"So you'll have to give me the eighteen thousand in…two weeks,\" German said. \"More or less. You know this business is never set in stone.\" He spoke familiarly, as if they were comrades, which maybe they were now. Still, Eugene didn't know whether the business was set in stone, how fast it moved or how unsteadily. He didn't know a thing about the business, but German wanted him to feel like he did, like he and German really were working together. Then he wouldn't hesitate to bury himself deeper. Hearing German's voice made him almost regret connecting the man with Vincent, but it was too late for that. \"So you'll work with him, then?\" \"We'll see how he and his partner match. It's a precarious thing. There has to be chemistry, and it's not all physical.\" \"Good God. This isn't a love affair you're trying to set up.\" \"No. It's a business enterprise, and it's two men exchanging lives. It's trickier than a love affair. Closer, more intimate.\" German chuckled. \"Isn't that why you're afraid of it, Jerome?\" \"No. You know my reasons.\" Eugene huffed. \"But Vincent will do fine. I'll get you the money when you get him connected.\" \"He's a nice boy. I can see why you like him. The kind of guy you just feel bad for. Makes you want to give him a hug.\" \"Vincent is a perfectly competent man .\" Eugene bit back his anger. \"Were you calling for anything else?\" \"Maybe I just like talking to a friend.\" \"We're not friends. We're associates. And we're barely that.\" \"I'm proud of you, Jerome. You're doing a good thing for Vincent, even if he doesn't know it. Twenty-eight thousand dollars…\" \"You know I've never cared about money.\" \"Good, then, give me the fifty thousand I asked for.\" \"German.\" German laughed. \"I'll talk to you later, Jerome. But you sound good. It's always nice talking to you.\" /.../.../ /.../.../ /.../.../ AN: Yes, this fic updates really really slowly. but i swear it will end eventually, probably in about two chapters. reviews would probably help to motivate me to actually get there.","Summary":" If Vincent kept an eye on all the new employees at Gattaca—well, all the employees that did the act","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Friendship Angst - Chapters: 12   - Words: 37,445 - Reviews: 20 - Favs: 14 - Follows: 15 - Updated: 3 31 2018 - Published: 5 18 2016 - id: 11953228 "},{"Movie":"The Mask","Title":"Daughter of the Mask","Author":"gigglingmenehune","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8748852","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Hey People: D this is one of my first fanfic EVAH so please go easy on me with the flames anyways on with the story: D In the hospital we see Stanley Ipkiss pacing rapidly by the operation room worrying about his wife and about his child. Then a Doctor clad in green came into the waiting room.\" Is she okay? Is my child okay?\" Stanly asked. \"She is fine and so is the child. They're waiting for you in the next room\" Said the Doctor. With that Stanly immediately rushed into the room to see his wife and newborn child. \"It's a healthy, happy girl Mr. Ipkiss\" A nurse congratulated. There was his wife Peggy \"Brandt\" Ipkiss with their new child wrapped in a pink blanket peacefully asleep. \"She looks just like you Peggy\" Stanly said as he studied the female infant that so closely resembles his wife. \"I know\" she said as she caressed the little infant, \"and she is just so precious\" she said as she ran her fingers through her daughter's small tuft of brown hair. \"Can I hold her?\" asked Stanley. \"Of course you can Stanley\" Peggy answered as she carefully handed the infant to Stanley. As the infant was placed in Stanley's arms he couldn't help but smile. Then the infant woke up and opened her eyes revealing them to be a dark chocolate brown. \"So what are you going to name her Peggy?\" Stanley asked. \"I am thinking maybe Elizabeth, Elizabeth Diana Ipkiss\" Peggy Replied as she smiled. \"Elizabeth, what a beautiful name for her, how about you little one? Do you like it?\" said Stanley. The infant responded with a smile and a giggle. \"Elizabeth it is then\" said Peggy. \"Mr. Ipkiss you have to leave now. Your wife will have to stay for the night to recover from labor. You can pick her up in the afternoon tomorrow\" Said the Doctor. \"Are sure you are going to be okay Peggy?\" said Stanley with a concerned face. \"Don't worry Stanley I will be okay besides I have company\" she said as she gestured to the infant now named Elizabeth. \"Alright then see you two tomorrow\" Stanley said while he carefully placed Elizabeth in his wife's arms and then walked out the hospital. 'This is great 'thought Stanley as he got into the car. 'I am officially now a father to the most beautiful baby in the world'. He then drove away to their apartment excited that he finally has a daughter. Sorry that I deleted this story. I found out that I had some mistakes that my spell and grammar checker didn't pick up but any ways please Review this. :D[Chapter 2] The Next day in the afternoon Stanley was hurrying to leave work to pick up his wife. He hurriedly packed up his brief case and ran to the door. He was in such a rush that he bumped into Charlie the bank manager and Stanley's friend. \"Whoa Stanley what the rush?\" said Charlie. \"Well Charlie it's my wife. See yesterday she just gave birth to my baby girl and I have to leave early to pick her up.\" Said Stanley in a much stressed tone hopping that his friend and boss will allow him to leave so he could pick up his wife and child on time, and his face really spelled stress and excitement. Charlie thought for a bit about letting his employee leaving early. I mean sure they were friends and will be there for each other no matter, and he knows very much what happens when you keep your wife waiting with your child for to long. However time is money and he could use Stanley to do his check registration, but maybe just this once he will let Stanley be. \"Well don't let me keep you! Making a lady waiting is a bad omen if you ask me. Trust me I had my experiences\" Said Charlie. \"Really? I can go?\" said Stanley surprised that his boss is letting him leave early. \"Yeah, so go out there and get your princess Romeo\" replied Charlie with a smirk. \"And while your at it I need you to do something for me,\" said Charlie. Stanley let a bug sigh. He should have known that Charlie would never let him leave without him do some ridiculous errand for the bank. In fact Stanley felt more like an Errand boy for Charlie than a Friend. Then again Charlie also is his boss so he guessed it would make sense that Charlie would send him to do these kinds of tasks. \"What is it that I have to do?\" asked Stanley with a frown. \"I just need you to get a package from the post office for me. It is just something that can help the bank's computers,\" explained Charlie. \"Okay I will see what I can do\" said Stanley a little peeved.\" Thanks Stan, oh and say hello to the little one and Peggy for me,\" Charlie thanked.\" I will\" replied Stanley. He then jumped into his car and put on his seat belt. He then took out his keys and put it in the key hole and tried to get his car to start on the third try he banged on his steering wheel in frustration. 'I seriously need to get a new car' Thought Stanley. He then had an idea and opened the car's glove department and rummaged through it until he took out a green wooden mask. Stanley studied the mask; it emitted a green glow on the back. He wondered if it could work this time. See the mask hasn't been working correctly ever since Peggy got pregnant. In fact it has been a long time since he wore it. Most would think that he would be relived that the mask doesn't work. The Mask caused him more trouble than it did do him any good. That was mostly because it liked to mess with the cops, and that every villain that he have ever met kept trying to kill him to get revenge. He sometimes even wished that he never found the mask to begin with, but he knew that the world needed The Mask. Deep down though he kind of missed being The Mask and fighting crime. It just gave him a little excitement to his boring life, and he felt special when he wore the mask. It made him feel that he had a purpose before Peggy became his wife. There is no Guarantee that the mask would work now, but it wouldn't hurt to try. Stanley put the mask to his Face and felt the mask tighten around his face and started twisting around in his car in a green tornado and was spun outside of the car. When the tornado stopped Stanley transformed into a bald, green faced man with a yellow zoot suit and fedora. \"Sssmokin\" said Stanley/Mask. \"Now to get the fix up this lousy piece of metallic poop\" Said the Mask. He then took out a remote and pressed the button and transformed his car into a super fast hot rod. He then slammed his foot on the gas and drove to the hospital. (At the power plant) At a secret laboratory there is a pale faced man with red eyes, a patch of red hair on his head. He wore a purple tux, dark purple gloves, purple pants, and black shoes. \"So mister Ip-kiss, you thought delaying to keep your mask on to hide for me is a good idea,\" said the man. \"I Dr Pretorius Shall have my revenge against you for ruining my previous attempt to pursuit of knowledge,\" said Dr. Pretorius. \"And I have a good idea how to get it,\" said Dr. Pretorius. As he pressed a button and the monitor and a picture of the Stanley as himself helping Peggy into the car with their daughter in a white basket placed carefully backward in the back seat. Then he zoomed in on Elizabeth Ipkiss \"I have a theory that your daughter is more of then she seems\" he said as he broke into an evil crackle.[Chapter 3] An: If you are reading this then you have clicked my story for fun and adventure. So you now know that Dr Pretorius is the main antagonist of this story and you are excited now to see how he is going to carry out his evil plans. Well there is only one way to find out for sure READ the story. NOW ON WITH THE STORY. R&R; At the laboratory Dr. Pretorius was reading the necronomicon an ancient spell book that possesses a wide variety of spells and ancient rituals. He was reading about a ritual to extract magic from a person imbued with powers of magical objects. He pressed a button on his intercom in his base to call a goon. \"Walter please come into my office I need you to do something for me,\" said Dr Pretorius. As on cue a large 8ft tall man walked into the room. The Man looked a lot like a pale Franken stein in a business suit, only he had no bolts on his neck. \"I need you to go to the Ipkiss residence and collect a DNA sample from the baby, according to my scanners she has a high level of magical power, and you will go there disguised as a an exterminator\" said Dr Pretorius. \"I have just read about this ritual in this book that I have obtained by stealing it from a museum. The ritual will allow me to extract the magic power from the individual. However it needs a vessel and some DNA from the individual himself, or rather herself in this case, to make the ritual work,\" explained Dr Pretorius to the brunet. \"I have chosen this vacuum cleaner to be the vessel it is simple to use, easy to disguise and very portable,\" continued Dr Pretorius as he pressed another button causing a pedestal to rise from the floor. It had a small, red, handheld vacuum cleaner on it. He just nodded his head understanding on what he has to do. \"I am also going to give you this pill to allow you to communicate and a watch that will disguise you as a normal person so you could go unnoticed,\" said Dr Pretorius as he gave the monster like man a digital watch and a blue pill. The monster obediently took them. Putting the watch around his large wrist and swallowing the blue pill. \"Yes master\" said Walter in a deep monotone voice. \"Now go get me that sample\" ordered Pretorius. \"Yes master\" said Walter as he pressed a button in the watch turning him into a 6ft tall middle aged man with white hair he was wearing a purple exterminator jumpsuit and walked out the door to fulfill his task. Mean while at the Ipkiss residence. Stanley and Peggy got home with their daughter in her basket wrapped in a pink blanket. They put her on the couch then walked into the kitchen to have some coffee. \"so how was your night at the hospital Peggy,\" Stanley asked. \"it was boring, the TV never had anything good on and the food was just terrible said Peggy. \"Well no one said that the hospital had five star, gourmet foods Peggy\" said Stanley. Peggy couldn't help but laugh at Stanley's joke. \"Yeah you can be right there Stanley\" said Peggy. They looked at each other's eyes and kissed for ten seconds. Stanley had his arms wrapped around Peggy's waist and Peggy had her arms around Stanley's neck. When they broke apart for air they just embraced each other. Then Peggy broke the embrace taking a step back from Stanley \"I am going to the store to buy some diapers for Elizabeth, can you watch her while I am gone?' asked Peggy. \" Of course I will Peggy, we are a team and we need each other more than ever now that we have Elizabeth,\" replied Stanley. \"Thanks Stanley I don't know what I do without you\" Said Peggy as she pecked a goodbye kiss on Stanley cheek then left in her car. Stanley blushed and touched the spot on his cheek that Peggy has kissed. I mean he had before been kissed by Peggy but it just never got old. It was like a never dying love than renews itself with each touch or kiss. He then walked in the living room to where Elizabeth was. \"Come on Elizabeth lets watch some TV\" He said as he took out he remote and turned on the TV. \"A woman was raped and killed on the highway today\" said an anchor man. Stanley quickly changed the channel to a different station hoping the next one would be appropriate for Elizabeth but each time he flipped through the channels each one was more inappropriate than the last. Ssssssshhhh \"Pot is not that bad Jack\" sssssh \"Go tooooo sleeeeeeep *slush*\" ssssh \"today on MTV is holly wood classics un-muted and uncensored\" at that point Stanley turned off the TV. \"Uhh you know what TV is bad for you, how about we read a story instead?\" said Stanley as he picked up a fairytale book. \"Once upon a time there was a princess who-\"Stanley read but he was interrupted by a loud growl from Elizabeth's stomach who cried in hunger. \"Oh your hungry come on we will go to the kitchen to get you some food\" said Stanley as he picked up Elizabeth and then seated her on a high chair. He opened the fridge and searched for some baby food. \"Ah there is some baby formula\" he said. He took out the formula poured it out into a baby bottle and put it into the micro wave. When it was finished he took it out and squirted the milky formula on his wrist to test the temperature. He then gave the bottle to Elizabeth who sucked on it greedily. After a few minutes of drinking the formula he took the bottle away and Elizabeth let out a loud burp. So loud it shook the apartment building. \"Wow that was pretty loud one you made there\" Said Stanley surprised that something so little burped so loudly. She let out very sleepy yawn so Stanley picked her up and carried her to the nursery and placed her in the crib where she fell asleep He heard some knocking on the door and he went to the door and opened it. In the doorway was a pale faced man with white hair in a purple exterminator jumpsuit. \"There is an infestation in the building sir\" said the man in a deep monotone voice. \"An infestation? I don't remember any pests here,\" said Stanley. He was a little suspicious of the man. There hasn't been an infestation when they moved here. \"that is what they all say before the pest start leaving little gifts,\" said the Man. \" my name is Walter by the way, Walter Summers\" he introduced himself as he pushed Stanley out of the way and placed his equipment on the floor right next to the couch. He secretly let some life like robotic mice which scurried into the baby's room. \"ACK mice! They are heading for the nursery,\" cried Stanley. \"See what did I tell ya? I will deal with the little uninvited guest you will stay out here\" said Walter. Before Stanley could protest he pushed Stanley out of the apartment and closed the door. He walked into the nursery and approached the crib where sleeping Elizabeth was. \"Don't worry little one uncle Walter is just going to take a little blood from you\" Said Walter as he took out a needle. The baby woke up and saw Walter. She had a feeling that the man was up to no good. So when the needle was close enough she grabbed his wrist and threw him out of the room. Walter landed with a thud on the wooden floor; he then sat up and rubbed his head. His head hurt a little form the fall. That kid is strong he will give her that. When he got up Elizabeth was standing in the doorway in a kung fu stance. \"so you want to play rough huh? I will play rough here catch this\" He said as he picked up the couch and threw it at her. Elizabeth rolled out of the way and took out a mallet and jumped into the air. She hit Walter on the head hard, so hard he started to stumble. She then took out a pair of roller skates and placed them near him. He stepped on them and ended up skating across the room and out of the window. Elizabeth smiled and picked up Walter's bag and threw out the window. It landed on Walter's head as he was getting out of a dumpster that he fell into and fell back into the dumpster unconscious. Elizabeth satisfied that she got rid of the intruder she looked around the apartment and it was a mess she transformed in a pink tornado and turned into a maid and cleaned the room at a lightning fast speed. When she was done she changed back and let out a very loud yawn and rubbed her eyes. She then went into the nursery and crushed the robotic mice and threw their mechanical bodies into the trash and hopped into her crib. She pulled up the covers over her and cuddled her teddy bear that was next to her. She then fell into a peaceful slumber. Stanley opened the door because of the ruckus he was hearing from outside. He didn't see anything broken or misplaced but he knew he heard some crashing and yelling. The Man wasn't there he figured that he must've left or something through some other entrance. He went to the nursery to check on Elizabeth and found her peacefully asleep with her teddy bear. He smiled as he quietly closed the door so his precious gift from above slept peacefully.[Chapter 4] An: Hey it's your favorite little Hawaiian Goblin the GigglingMenehune. So you have clicked on next button again huh? Looks like you are hooked on this little story. Anyways here is the awesome chapter that you all are waiting for. NOW ON WITH THE STORY!R&R; At Dr Pretorius's laboratory. \"YOU INCOMPETENT BUMBLING FOOL!\" yelled Dr. Pretorius. \"I have given you on simple task that a mere idiotic monkey could do and you have FAILED!\" he continued. \"Sorry master it is just that infant, she-, \"before Walter could finish Dr Pretorius interrupted him.\" SILENCE!\" Dr Pretorius shouted as he slammed his fist on his desk in pure rage. \"Maybe that infant is more powerful than I estimated,\" Said Dr Pretorius. He sat in his chair and turned around viewing the little infant peacefully a slumber. \"I have another idea to get the sample\" said Dr Pretorius as he picked up a paper on his desk. At the Ipkiss residence. A phone ringing was heard in the kitchen. Stanley went quickly to the kitchen and picked up the phone. \"Hey Stanley it's Charlie\" said Charlie over the phone. \"Oh hey Charlie, what is it that you want? The bank is closed,\" said Stanley. \"What? A guy can't call his friend and have a friendly chat?\" said Charlie. \"Come on Charlie I know you better than that.\" said Stanley. Stanley always knew that Charlie never would talk to him unless it's about the business of the bank. \"Stanley all I want is to spend some time with you, how about at the Coco Bongo? I heard that they are having a comeback concert for Gloria Estefan performing,\" said Charlie. \"Besides you could use a little break from taking care of your little Gift,\" said Charlie. \"You can bring your wife and I can bring my girlfriend and we can party all night long\" He continued. Stanley couldn't help but feel great uncertainty. It just doesn't seem right that Charlie wanted to spend some time with him without anything to do with the bank. \"hmmmm I don't know, I am not exactly sure if that would be okay with Peggy. Besides we don't have anyone watching over Elizabeth\" Stanley said. He really wants to hang up the phone on Charlie right now. \"Oh come on Stanley it's just for one night\" insisted Charlie. The fact that Charlie was urging him to go was not helping him at all with his nervousness. Just then Peggy came back from shopping for diapers. \"Stanley who is that you're talking to on the phone,\" Peggy asked curiously. Stanley didn't want to tell Peggy that Charlie was inviting them to the Coco Bongo, but he knew he couldn't lie to her. \"Its Charlie, he wants us to come with him and his girlfriend to the Coco Bongo,\" said Stanley. \"Well why shouldn't we go? So we could get a last taste of freedom,\" said Peggy. \"But Peggy we don't have a babysitter. Who is going to look after Elizabeth while we are gone?\" protested Stanley. \"I can call your grandma she lives just an hour from here. She can watch the baby while we're gone\" said Peggy. Finally despite his nervousness he gave in. \"Okay Charlie we'll come\" said Stanley in defeat. \"That is super Stanley\" said Charlie happily. \"See you two tonight bye\" with that the sound of the phone hanging up could be heard. Stanley had a huge feeling in his stomach that he shouldn't go but if Peggy wants to go so will he. Besides his nervousness is just a feeling, right? At Charlie's apartment. Charlie hanged up the phone and then looked at Walter holding thirty year old red head women that has a perfect hourglass figure. She is wearing a black jacket over a white blouse, and a white skirt. \"There I have done what you wanted me to do now let her go\" said Charlie. \"Pleasure doing business with you\" said Walter as he made an evil chuckle and released the red head. \"Now don't forget to go to the Coco Bongo or your girlfriend will have a date in heaven\" Said Walter as he left the apartment building with a deep monotone laughter. \"Charlie, I am scared, and I don't your friend to be dragged into this too,\" said the red head as she cried in Charlie's arms. \"Don't worry Leanne everything will be fine. Besides I have no choice I don't want you to die\" said Charlie as he tried to comfort the crying woman. \"yeah but I feel terrible betraying your friend. That is just awful\" she said. \"I know Leanne I know\" said Charlie with a frown. He really hopes that he had made the right choice. An: okay so this is a short chapter but I promise you the next one will be longer. So please Read and Review.[Chapter 5] At the Coco Bongo 7:00pm. Stanley drove into the parking lot. He turned off the car and helped Peggy get out of the car. He wrapped his arm around Peggy's waist and they walked into the night club. There were people all dressed up in tuxedos and Dresses. Gloria Estefan was singing Conga, she was wearing a dress that was red on the upper torso and orange on the lower torso. Stanley scanned the room for Charlie. He found him by the bar with Leanne. Stanley still felt some nervousness so he brought the mask with him. He hid it in his tux so if something happens at least he would be able to defend him and Peggy from some random villain. He hoped that if something does happen the mask would work correctly and not fall off. He then looked at Peggy she was wearing a dark blue strapless dress with a blue corsage. She was wearing her usual gold hoop earrings. She looked so beautiful that Stanley almost forgot his nervousness. They walked to the bar to chat with Charlie and Leanne. This only made his nervousness stronger. He ordered a glass of water and Peggy ordered a martini. Stanley could barely concentrate on the conversation with Charlie and Leanne. He was still had a feeling something was up and someone is watching him. He also couldn't help but worry for Elizabeth. Was she okay? Was she still asleep peacefully in her crib? The questions swerve around his mind like a whirlpool. He also couldn't help but noticed that Leanne barely touched her drink. She also had some remorse on her face. Stanley wondered what was she could possibly be regretting. She should be happy right? She had a boyfriend with a great job and a great car. \"Stanley what is wrong you have been quiet lately and you barley touched your drink\" said Peggy. She knew that Stanley seemed to feel nervous. She tries to shrug it off as him being a typical new parent. He was probably was just having worries that a parent would have for their child. However something was telling her that it wasn't the parental nature kicking in she felt that something was going to happen and it would have to do with their child. \"Nothing Peggy just thinking about Elizabeth\" assured Stanley. He put on a smile across his face that looked more forced than it was genuine. \"You are probably feeling what every new parent feels when their child is at home while your away\" said Charlie. Peggy couldn't but feel that he was trying to hide something but she didn't know what. \"Come on Stanley lets dance that can help ease your worrying. I am sure that Elizabeth is fine at home\" said Peggy trying to comfort her worrying husband. They went to dance floor and did twirls, swaying, and dips. This made Stanley feel a little better maybe Charlie was right he was just having his parental nature kicking in, right? At the laboratory Dr. Pretorius was studying a monitor that had Stanley and Peggy driving up in the driveway. He cracked and evil grin, he then pressed a button. \"Team alpha surround the premises and take the targets,\" said Dr Pretorius. He then looked at another monitor and it had Walter and some 9ft tall mech armor soldiers. \"Walter you have the approval to go and get the child\" said Dr. Pretorius. Both teams did as they were told. At the Coco Bongo \"EVERYONE HANDS ON YOUR HEAD AND GET ON THE GROUND\" shouted a goon in a black jumpsuit with a purple trim. He had a plasma assault rifle in his friend. The crowd was roaring in fear and they did as they were told. A goon was trying to shove Stanley and Peggy to the floor. Peggy was easy but Stanley was resisting. \"hey come on now I need to go to the bathroom,\" said Stanley. He hopped that he could go into the bathroom and be able to put on the mask so he would be able to save everyone. \"Fine but I am going with you to make sure you don't try anything,\" Said the guard. He grabbed Stanley by the arm and shoved him into the bathroom with the rifle aimed at his head. \"Um I need to use the stall you can wait out here if you like\" said Stanley. \"Fine, just make it quick as he pushed Stanley forcefully into the stall. Stanley reached into his tux and pulled out the mask. He slapped it on and spun around into a green tornado. \"oy what is going on in there\" said the guard pointing his rifle at the stall door. He was greeted with a powerful blast of toilet water and other contents. He was thrown across the bathroom from the blast. He looked up to find out what the flip was going on. \"I hope you enjoyed that refreshing drink\" said The Mask. The Guard picked up the rifle and aimed at The Mask. \"Now, now didn't your mother told you not to point guns at stranger\" said The Mask as he swiped the gun away and broke it in his hand. He then gave the man a wedgie and tossed him out the door. The other guards surrounded the bathroom and pointed their guns at the door. Stink bombs were tossed out of the door and into the room. They made the goons choke and tear up their eyes. \"whooooo weeee I would not go in there if I was you\" Said The Mask as he entered the room with a gas mask. The goons open fire on the Mask. The mask turned into a Neo(the matrix) outfit and dodged them all in slow motion. When the goons ran out of bullets they took out nightsticks and charged at The Mask. The Mask then transformed into a hulking green monster 'MASK CRUSH GOONS\" roared The Mask. He punched them and tossed them around like it was nothing. When all the goons were down he transformed into his yellow zoot suit. \"Now to go to the apartment and save Elizabeth\" Said The Mask. He transformed into the Flash and ran as fast as he could to get to the Apartment building. At the Ipkiss residence. (AN: this is what happened while the goons were attacking the Coco Bongo) An old woman that looked like Stanley was on the couch doing some cross stitching. She was humming a tune. Then suddenly the mech armored soldiers marched into the room. The old woman screamed and tried to get into the nursery and take Elizabeth so she could get her to safety but one of the mech armor grabbed her sprayed knock out gas on her knocking her out. \"Leave her on the couch we came for the baby\" said Walter. He went to the door leading to the nursery and ripped it open. \"Come here little one uncle Walter just want to play\" he said. He dropped the door and walked inside. He approached the crib and found a huge lump in the covers. \"AHA HIDING UNDER THE COVERS IS GOING TO GET YOU NO WHERE\" said Walter as he grabbed the lump but found out it was just a teddy bear. \"Hey what the-\" said Walter he was interrupted when Elizabeth transformed into a sumo wrestler and belly flopped from the ceiling on him. Walter picked her up and threw her across the room. She landed gracefully on her feet and transformed herself into a professional boxer started hopping left and right punching the air ready to fight the large man. Walter charged and tried to grab her but she did the splits and punched him in his twinkie. Walter stopped and hunched over covering his groin with his hands uttering a high pitch whimper of pain. Elizabeth then uppercuted him and he went through the ceiling. He kicked his legs trying to break free but the ceiling collapsed on him the rubble looked like a grave completed with a tombstone. Elizabeth transformed into funeral and faked crying for his grave. Then she zoomed into the living room where the Mech soldiers were and put up a cute act. \"Awe she is so cute\" said one of the Mech soldiers. He stretched out a mechanical hand and Elizabeth Opened her mouth revealing sharp jagged teeth. She bit the mechanical hand and startled the Mech Soldier started to shake her off. \"AHHH GET HER OFF GET HER OFF ME,\" said the Mech soldier in a much panicked voice. She grabbed the Hand and removed her mouth from the hand. She spat out all the metal and wires and judo flip the mech soldier into another nearby. She then Transformed into a ninja and used her ninja swords to cut another mech soldier's legs off. Then took out some shuriken and threw them with deadly accuracy at the chest of another mech soldier which exploded on impact and sent him across the room and through the wall where he landed outside of the apartment building. Walter stumbled into the room. He saw Elizabeth beating the Mech Soldiers with ease and was going to step in when he saw the Stanley's grandma unconscious. He got an idea to defeat Elizabeth. When the Last goon was defeated Elizabeth Turned around and saw Walter. She transformed into a cowgirl and pulled out to overly large and dangerous guns from both holsters and aimed it at Walter. \"Nuh, uh, uh, you little runt\" said Walter as he pulled Stanley's grandma from behind him. \"surrender or I will crush her it will be easy as a breaking a toothpick\" he said as he positioned the woman where he can crush her using his arm\"so what will it be\". Elizabeth knew that she shouldn't give up but her grandma is in trouble. She sheathed her pistols and transformed back into a baby and raised her hands in surrender. \"Good girl now hold still\" said Walter as he reached into his pocket and pulled out a disc he tossed it at Elizabeth and she was trapped in a tractor beam. Walter let go of the woman and took the disc and walked out of the building. The Mask as the flash managed to get to the apartment with Walter walking out with Elizabeth in the tractor beam. The Mask Transformed into an Officer and took out a mega phone. \" Hold it right there mister,\" said The Mask, \"Step away from the infant\". The Mask Transformed into a swat team member and charged at the Walter he smacked him with the nightstick but it was no use. Then his face started to melt off. The mask struggled to keep his face from falling off but it was no use it kept melting. \"I heard of having a long face but this is ridiculous. Soon The mask Peeled off and He changed back into Stanley Ipkiss. \"Ah great not now\" said Stanley Walter picked him up and watched as he struggled out of the large man's grasp. Walter cracked and evil grin and knocked Stanley out with a single blow of his fist. Elizabeth was horrified at her father being hurt because of Walter, so much she began to cry. An army truck drove up and Walter got in it with Elizabeth and drove away to Dr Pretorius's laboratory.[Chapter 6] AN: Hey People :D I am sorry that this chapter took longer than expected but my English class had to shove an assignment in my face and said that I have to do it. Anyways ON WITH THE STORY. \"STANLEY STANLEY, WAKE UP, said a female voice. Stanley blinked a few times till his vision came into focus. He was outside of the apartment building and was in Peggy's arms. \"What happened Stanley, and where is our daughter. \"said Peggy with a very worried face. Stanley eyes grew wide as dinner plates with fear. He immediately got up and rushed up the stairs into their apartment. The whole place looked like a tornado stormed through there. Furniture looked like they were tossed and broken and the door to Elizabeth's nursery was ripped off the hinges, and unconscious Mech soldiers littered the place. The sight of the door there by the doorway and the unconscious Mech soldiers laying around filled his face with fear. He went into the nursery and saw that the crib was trashed and the ceiling collapsed. \"WHO WOULD DO SUCH A THING\" cried Stanley. He heard a groan from a nearby Mech Soldier and ran up to him. He grabbed him by the collar and shook him violently. \"WHERE IS MY DAUGHTER? TALK DAMMIT\" said Stanley with rage in his voice. \"Screw you\" said the soldier. Stanley gave the soldier a death glare and punched him square in the kisser. \"LOOK MHERE BUSTER MY DAUGHTER IS KIDNAPPED BY JACK DONKEYS LIKE YOU SO UNLESS YOU WANT ME TO SEND YOU ON THE EXPRESS TRAIN TO PAIN VILLE YOU BETTER START SINGING\" said Stanley. Peggy just stared at the whole situation shocked. Not only was their apartment trashed and their daughter kidnapped but she never saw Stanley with so much anger. Usually Stanley was like a walking doormat not this raging man. \"Okay okay I will tell you just don't hurt me\" said the Mech Soldier. \" I am listening\" said Stanley in a very annoyed tone. \"Walter took her to Dr Pretorius's laboratory by the abandoned power plant.\" Said the Mech Soldier. \"What does Pretorius want with my daughter\" said Stanley. \" He said he needs her for an experiment, something about draining her powers,\" said the Mech Soldier. \"LIAR! My Daughter doesn't have any powers,\" said Stanley more angrily. \"NO no it's the truth that is how my entire unit got their buts kicked she was unstoppable\" said the soldier in a very paniked voice. Stanley stared own the man. Looking for any possible signs of him lying, but coukd fine none. He released his grip on the Soldier's collar and stood up. He turned and looks at Peggy who had her hand over her mouth in worry. \"Stanley our daughter she is-\"said Peggy she stopped and broke into tears. Stanley went over to her and embraced the crying women. \" I know Peggy I know\" he said teary eyed. \"we have to drive to Dr. Pretorius's laboratory and save her Stanley\" said Peggy. \"we can't just rush into things Peggy, The Mask can't really help us right now\" said Stanley. \"But we have to do something. With or without the mask Stanley we need to save our daughter.\" Said Peggy. Stanley thought for a bit. He knew he can't rush into things. Suddenly he had a thought he knew there was one guy who could help him though it required never being the mask. \"Peggy I have an idea we are going to the police station there is a friend that will help us\" said Stanley Peggy and Stanley then rushed to the car and drove off to the police station. At the laboratory. \"Master I have obtained the girl\" said Walter as he walked into the room with Elizabeth in tow in her tractor beam prison. \"Very good Walter now go and place her in a holding cell while I prepare the extraction vessel.\" said Dr. Pretorius as he opened the drawer and took out the necronomicon. Walter obeyed and led the trapped infant into a room where there was a chair that had energy restraints. Walter carefully put Elizabeth still in her tractor beam in the chair. Then with quick timing he turned off the tractor beam prison and turned on the energy restraints. He then took a needle and jammed it on the side of Elizabeth's neck vain. Elizabeth felt dizzy and incredibly exhausted. She soon fell into a deep sleep as the sedative did its work. Walter left the room and went back to Dr Pretorius's office. He saw the vacuum in a arcane circle and Dr Pretorius was flipping through the pages of the necronomicon until he stopped on his desired page. \"Othinus omne potentissimus rex asgard, hic meam humilem placito. Potestatem mittere te rogo vafer malo purget potestati.\" Chanted Dr Pretorius. The circle glowed a bright green and then a mist started to form. \"Potestatem Othinus tolle quaeso af̱tó to stoicheío sicut vos humilis vas\" chanted Dr Pretorius. The mist disappeared into the vacuum. Dr Pretorius cracked an evil smile. \"Now what master?\" said Walter. \"Now we wait for the spell to settle in the vacuum for four hours. It needs to accept its home\" said Dr Pretorius. \"If we extract it now the spell might reject the vacuum and the spell will not work,\" Said Dr Pretorius. He placed the necronomicon on the desk. \"Now we just need to get a DNA sample, according to the book blood from the victim is the best thing,\" said Dr Pretorius. He walked out of the office and into the holding cell that Elizabeth was unconscious. \"Walter, why is the infant asleep\" said Dr Pretorius. \"Trust me master when I say it is a necessary precaution. If she was conscious she would-\"Walter was interrupted by Dr Pretorius. \"I SAID to put her into a holding cell not put her to sleep\" said Dr Pretorius in a frustrated voice. He glared at Walter and cocked a finger in his face menacingly. \"SHE needs to be awake for the thing to work. If we take her blood unconscious the blood tainted with the sedative can ruin the ritual\" said Dr Pretorius. He calmed down and then looked at the infant. \"How much dosage did you give her\" said Dr Pretorius. \"Only enough to knock her out for six hours master\" said Walter. \"Hmm I guess we can wait two more hours\" said Dr Pretorius. He walked to the door way and stopped and stood there. \"guard the infant from any unauthorized personnel we must not let anybody take her\" said Dr Pretorius and he walked out of the room with the door shutting behind him. ] At the police station. Stanley and Peggy got out of the car and went into the police station. \"are you sure he will help us Stanley? He is still ticked from The Mask's power wedgies\" said Peggy. \"Don't worry Peggy I know we had our history but I think that if I give him a trade he might help us out\" said Stanley. \"Wait you don't mean you are going to give up the mask\" said Peggy in a very surprised voice. \"Peggy I really don't want to give up being The Mask but our daughter is in danger and we need to save her even if it means not being the mask\" said Stanley. They held each others hands and walked into the station hoping that this mystery person will help them. Okay that is good for now. Sorry fort he cliff hanger but this is as much as I could come up with right now. Anyways read and review please .[Chapter 7] Lieutenant Callaway was a busy man. He had police reports to fill in and have to patrol the city with Doyle in an hour. It had been a long day of work but soon he heard a knock on the door of his office. \"Come in\" in came Stanley Ipkiss and his wife Peggy Ipkiss. They had a very worried face and Stanley was holding a manila envelope. \"What do you want Ipkiss\" Callaway said with a glare. \"Callaway we know we were never on good terms with each other but I need your help to save my daughter from Pretorius,\" said Stanley. \"in exchange I will give you the mask and I swear never to use the mask again\" Stanley took out the manila folder and pulled out a green wooden mask. Callaway snatched the mask away from Stanley's hand. He turned it over studying the green wooden mask. It felt rough to the touch and he saw on the back a green shine was illuminating from it. \"what is so special of this mask Ipkiss\" said Callaway. \"You always wanted to know how I become The Mask, this mask is the cause of it. Whoever puts it on gets the power of Loki sealed inside and Loki's crazed personality\" explained Stanley. Callaway held the front part of the mask to his face. 'this thing is what gave me wedgies and was the annoying thorn in my side all this time' thought Callaway. \"if that is true then why don't you use it and save your so called 'daughter' \" said Callaway as he dropped the mask on the table. \"If what you said is true then why do you want my help\" he continued. \"The mask hasn't been working correctly since Peggy's pregnancy. It can only work for only a short period of time before falling off,\" explained Stanley. \"That is why we need your help. You know that I ma the mask and would love to shut me down in the vigilante business for good. This is your chance to finally get rid of The Mask Callaway\" said Stanley. Callaway looked at him then the mask on the table. It was true he did want to get rid of The Mask. That same mask humiliated him in front of so many people and live public television. \"Fine Ipkiss I will help, but just make things clear after this there will be no Mask period,\" said Callaway. He got up from his desk and shoved the mask in his coat pocket Stanley they got into their cars an drove to the laboratory. At the laboratory They drove up to the side of the Laboratory and Callaway got out of his car and took out a 9mil. Beretta pistol and gave Stanley a Desert eagle. \"if you are coming with me you better arm yourself,\" said Callaway. Stanley just nodded and took the gun from Callaway. \"Peggy you stay here I don't want you to get hurt,\" said Stanley. \"But Stanley I- \" began Peggy then Callaway interrupted her. \"I have to agree with Ipkiss its best you leave this to the professionals,\" said Callaway. Peggy thought about it for a moment \"fine just be careful for me Stanley,\" She said as she placed a hand on his cheek then kissed him passionately on the lips. \"Don't worry Peggy I promise I will bring back Elizabeth and stop Pretorius. It ends today you can guarantee that from me,\" said Stanley. \"Hurry up Ipkiss if we wait any longer the less chances you might have to save your daughter,\" Said Callaway as he walked to the building. Stanley nodded and followed close behind Callaway. They went to the entrance and Stanley was about to open the door when he was stopped by Callaway. \"No to easy, they might be expecting that we have to find a different entrance\" said Callaway. \"Your right there might be traps near the entrance we have to find another way in\" said Stanley. They scanned the makeshift fortress when they noticed a sewer drain nearby down on their right. They climbed down the steep slope and headed over to the drain. Callaway pulled of the grate and they started up the drain. AN: that all folks please read and review Next chapter will be longer.[Chapter 8] Callaway was following Stanley up the drain. It was a damp, dark and cramped tunnel. \"How much further Ipkiss,\" asked Callaway as he struggled to walk through the tunnel because he was taller and wider than Stanley. \"A little further down this way then we can enter through the waste hatch. They crawled a little more till the reached an opening above them. The ladder that leads to the manhole above them was broken and was 2ft above them. Stanley. Callaway rolled his eyes \"HEY IPKISS, WHATS THE HOLD UP?\" yelled Callaway. \"uh I am little bit stuck here\" said Stanley \" Could you please help me up?\". Callaway grumbled and grabbed the ankles of the smaller man and pushed him up through the hole. Once Stanley was through he looked around. The place seemed to be a waste disposal room with a crane to lift and dump dumpsters into a huge dumpster to his left. The place had five huge dumpsters filled with garbage. There was a stair case tha lead to a terminal. 'maybe we can get a map or something from that terminal' Thoguh Stanley. \"HEY IPKISSS QUIT SIGHTSEEING AND HELP ME UP\" yelled Callaway. \"oh sorry\" Stanley apologized. He crouched down and reached into the hole and helped Callaway up. \"okay Ipkiss where can we go from here\" said Callaway. \"I suggest we go upstairs to that terminal it might have a map or something that can help us\" suggested Stanley. \"fine but I take point\" said Callaway. He walked up the stairs careful not to make so much noise and opened the door by a sliver to see if there were any guards. There was one by the terminal asleep and another reading a comic about The Mask. There was an alarm across the room and a fire extinguisher three feet away from the door. Callaway plotted a plan in his head and then opened the door a little more, and sneaked to the fire extinguisher. He carefully and quietly took the fire extinguisher off the wall and walked up to the one reading and smacked him on the back of the head hard and the guard's head slammed on the Keyboard that it made a thump sound. \"wha… who are you?\" said the one that was asleep drowsily. Before the guard could do anything his head dropped on the keyboard out cold. Behind him was Stanley holding the barrel of his Desert Eagle. \"That was close\" said Stanley. Callaway nodded and put the fire extinguisher down and opened up the terminal. The screen was locked with a password. \"Darn it he locked it. How are we suppose to access it if we don't have the frigging password\" said Callaway in a frustrated tone. \"Maybe I can help I know Pretorius longer than you and I have some skill with computers\" said Stanley. \"Fine\" said Callaway and he stepped out of the way. \"How about you guard me while I work the terminal\" said Stanley Callaway nodded and positioned himself by the doorway with his Beretta. Stanley stared at the screen thinking. What could be the password? Knowing Pretorius it has to do something with the mask or something scientific. Only one phrase popped into his head that could be the password. Stanley got his hands on the keyboard and typed in M45k42. It worked and the terminal opened. \"Yes I got it opened\" said Stanley. \"that's great now how about we look at whats on there\" said Callaway. They searched around when they noticed a map file showing a 3 dimensional map of the place and an announcement that mentioned about a prisoner in the 3rd floor laboratory. \" There I think they are holding her in the 3rd floor laboratory. The stairwell is just a few corridors over\" said Stanley. \"then what are we waiting for Ipkiss? We have to go now\" said Callaway. They peeked through a door on their left and walked into the corridor. Stanlel tightly gripped his desert eagle. He was worried about his daughter and wanted to be prepared to shoot the first guard that will cause trouble. It was thing if Pretorius wanted to kidnap him but his daughter he went to far. Callaway signaled him to follow. Stanley nodded and readied the weapon and walked behind Callaway. He noticed something on the ceiling and stopped to observe it. \"Hey Ipkiss why are you standing there? Your daughter might be dead already if we don't keep moving,\" said Callaway with an annoyed face. Stanley just ignored him, he know something is up. The thing looked like a robot arm with three fingers holding what looked like an eye. He then realized what it was and pushed Callaway out of the way as a laser blast striked where they were. \"Hey what the holy mother of fudge was that?\" said Callaway surprised. \"Look out!\" Cried Stanley. The Eye Cannon fired again; luckily they were able to dodge it. Stanley aimed his Desert Eagle and shot it in the iris. The machine had first a electrical pulse then exploded. \"We better hurry he knows we are here,\" said Stanley. They ran down the corridor and reached the entrance into the stair well. When they opened the door there were ten goons armed with laser rifles. Stanley immediately Fired took out two goons with his Desert Eagle. Then took cover behind the doorway. The Goons rained laser fire on where Stanley and Callaway's cover. Callaway fired his Beretta and took out a goon with a shot to the chest. Then he quickly got behind the cover behind the doorway. \"We need to get out of this Ipkiss so I am open to ideas\" said Callaway. Stanley looked around and saw that there was a fuse box nearby. If he hit it he could turn off the power of this section and the lights. Stanley aimed his desert Eagle and shot the fuse box. With an electrical pulse it shut off the power and the lights for the area. Stanley rushed up to a dead goon and took his visor thus allowing him to see in the dark and took out the rest of the goons. \"Good work Ipkiss but now how are we going to see where we are going?\" Said Callaway sarcastically. \"Here use this visor from this goon\" said Stanley as he picked up a pair of visors and gave them to Callaway. Callaway took the visors and put them on and they continued up the stairs. When they got to the 3rd Floor they peeked through the door to make sure the close was clear and headed down to the laboratory room.[Chapter 9] Stanley and Callaway approached the door cautiously and opened it. There in the center of the room was a silhouette of a baby in a chair. \"There she is\" said Stanley as he ran to his daughter. \"Good, now let's take her and go\" said Callaway as he stood by the doorway with his Beretta making sure in case if there were any goons that would barge in. Stanley nodded in reply and turned the chair around. \"Come on Elizabeth lets go home\" said Stanley after he turned the chair around. There was Elizabeth asleep in her restraints. He reached for the button to switch off the restraints when suddenly a gunshot was heard and a loud thump behind him. He turned around to see Walter and a knocked out Callaway. \"Hello Ipkiss\" said Walter with a crooked evil smile. \"Ready for round two?\" said Walter while he walked menacingly towards Stanley. \"Get back you pathetic Franken wanabe\" said Stanley as he aimed the gun at Walter with a shaky hand. Walter rolled his eyes and grabbed Stanley's arm and threw him across the room. Stanley landed on some barrels and crates with a loud crash. He slowly got up, placing a hand on his forehead and let out a groan of pain. Walter then picked up a barrel and tossed it at Stanley. Stanley quickly shook of the dizziness and pain then dodged the on coming barrel. 'I need to defeat him but how? I don't have the Mask or maybe… its..' Stanley then realized that Callaway has the mask in his coat and maybe just maybe he might be able to use it against Walter if it works. Problem was though Callaway's unconscious body was across the room and near Walter. 'But I have to get Walter away from Callaway. \"What is the matter Ipkiss? You suddenly realize you are weak?\" taunted Walter. Stanley just kept a stone like poker face. \"No I just realized that a strong guy like you is such a pet\" said Stanley. \"WHAT!? YOU TAKE THAT BACK! I AM NOBODY\"S DOG! I AM A HUMBLE ASSISTANT FOR DR PRETORIUS!\" Bellowed Walter in an angry tone, his pale face twisted into a menacing scrawl and he charged after Stanley. Stanley waited Till walter was five feet away then dodged out of the way as Walter's fist collided through the wall. Walter tugged and pulled his arm trying to get free. Stanley then bolted across the room towards Callaway's unconscious body. \"GET BACK HERE IPKISS YOU COWARD,\"yelled Walter, he then with about half of his inhuman strength ripped his entire arm free from the wall and charged at Stanley. Thinking fast he frantically searched for the mask on Callaway's body. He then spotted the manilla envelope that contained the mask and opened it. He stuck his hand in the envelope quickly took it out. \"YES\" said Stanley. As he was about to place the mask on his face he was grabbed from behind. In surprise The mask was thrown up into the air. \"NAH AH AH Ipkiss that would be to easy\" said walter. \"Argh what happened\" said Callaway as he was coming to. Then the mask dropped onto Callaway's face and the mask fused into his skin. Then he spun around in a green Tornado and stopped. Callaway had a green head and his hair was tinted a dark green. He had a black leather jacket, a white t-shirt plaid yellow pant and orange and white sneakers. He then made a crooked grin and let out a terrifying laugh. \"Well aint this pretty sight? he said in a creepy voice. \"Two little children fighting each other. Tsk Tsk Tsk, do we have to separate you to?\" He then pulled out a crowbar and pried Walter off of Stanley and threw him five feet away from him. He then turned into an old school teacher and said \"You need a time out young man\" said the Mask. Then he grabbed him and dragged him to where Elizabeth was. He then shot off the restraints and laid Elizabeth on the floor gently. \"Just wait right there sweetie unckie mask has to borrow your chair\" he then slammed Walter into the chair and switched on the restraints. Then put a virtually indestructible cage around it. Walter tried to break free. He twisted and pulled on the restraints while letting out some grunts. But he each time he tried he failed. \"LET ME GO YOU FREAK!\" yelled Walter. \"Not until you have an attitude adjustment young man\" said The Mask. Stanley got up and ran to where Elizabeth was. He checked her over looking for wounds and bruises. When he concluded that she had none he picked her up and cradled her in his arms. \"thanks LT Callaway, I will repay the favor once we are out of here.\" Said Stanley with a grateful and relieved smile as he looked at The Mask/Callaway. \"Don't thank me yet Ipkiss, You still need to pay for all those wedgies\" said The Mask and he grabbed Stanley's underwear and gave him an atomic wedgie. \"That'll teach you not to give an officer of the law an Atomic wedgie\" said The Mask. Then his face turned brown and started to melt off of Callaway's face. Then after some lightning and green tornado he turned back into Callaway. The mask fell between Callaway's feet. He picked it up and looked at it. \"At least this thing melted off after we got rid of Walter and rescued the girl.\" Stanley was struggling with his under wear with one hand and holding Elizabeth with the other. Callaway rolled his eyes and took the baby from Stanley after he put the mask in his coat pocket. Then he flipped Stanley's underwear over his head. Then Stanley tucked the underwear into his pants quickly before Callaway carefully handed Stanley Elizabeth. \"Thanks, I guess I sort of ..um.. deserved that\" said Stanley with a sheepish smile. \"Lets just go before Doctor Pretorius finds out that we got the baby,\" Said Callaway as he picked up both guns and peeked through the door then gave a signal and they left the room.[Chapter 10] AT PRETORIUS'S OFFICE. Dr Pretorius looked at his monitor. It was hooked up to every security camera in the building. He was watching how Stanley and Callaway gotten inside and how they dodged and got passed security. When Stanley turned of the power he didn't know that the cameras had their own power source. They also have night vision so he could see what happening even though the lights were off. He zoomed into where the laboratory that was keeping Elizabeth imprisoned. He watched how Stanley got Walter to go across the room and how the mask got onto Callaway's face. He also saw how Callaway as the Mask managed to defeat Walter and unrestrained the girl. He slammed his fist on the desk narrowly missing his keyboard. \"That USLESS GOON! HE couldn't handle one measly cop and a scrawny normal human being? PATHETIC!\" He bellowed. He then moved his mouse to the minimize button on the window and then clicked on another window. It was a programming window. He clicked on the text box and typed in: 99834-234924-6654367. He tapped the enter button and the floor four feet away in front of him opened up. Out came a glass tube with a fifteen foot tall mech that looked like a Greek soldier. \"If you want to do something right you have to do it yourself\" He muttered angrily. The chest of the mech opened up and he rolled up his shirt revealing a red button and he pressed it releasing his head of his own body picked it up and placed it in the robot's chest. \"This mech will take care of them and if they think about putting on that mask I have something special for them…\" he said. The robot's chest closed, sealing Pretorius's head within it. \"Now let's have some fun MWAHAHAHAHAHAHA\" said Pretorius. The Mech ran down the hallway on a search and destroy mission. With Stanley and Callaway… Stanley was clutching his daughter for dear life as he and Callaway Ran down the hallway. They had to get out of here as soon as possible, because they knew if they lingered any longer Pretorius might have a \"special\" surprise they might not like. \"have any idea which way is out Ipkiss?\" said Callaway between breaths. They did not know how long they have been running but it felt like hours and their legs screamed for a break. \"I remember that there is a loading dock in the back, maybe we can hitch a ride form there,\" said Stanley panting. \"Right and what exactly will hitch on? My car is in the front of the building and we all know we won't make it to the front in time because of everyone and their grandma shooting at us\" said Callaway. 'Darn he is right those goons could be there guns ablaze. Hey wait maybe there is a way to bring the car to them…' thought Stanley. \"How about I call Peggy? She might drive the car there and then we can escape,\" said Stanley. He felt nervous at the thought. In fact he wanted Peggy to have no part of this. He didn't want to risk losing her, but I guess they have no choice unless Callaway knows how to hotwire a car. \"Are you sure you want to go with that? Putting your wife in danger, Ipkiss?\" questioned Callaway. As much as Stanley hated it he had no choice they have to get out of here with Elizabeth alive. \"Yes I am sure, however there is just one problem,\" said Stanley with a pause. \"And that would be what Ipkiss?\" said Callaway as he raised an eyebrow. \"Uh I don't have a cell phone with me hehe,\" said Stanley sheepishly with a smile. They stopped and Callaway groaned in annoyance. \"Fine you can use mine\" said Callaway. He sheaved the Beretta in his right holster and fished out his cell phone from his pocket. He gave the phone to Stanley who took it, and held it in his left hand and Elizabeth with the other. He dialed Peggy's number and held it to his ear and waited anxiously for Peggy to pick up. 'Come on Peggy pick up pick up' thought Stanley. After what seemed like hours the sound of a click could be heard and Peggy's voice could be heard. \"Hello? Stanley, LT Callaway? Is that you?\" asked Peggy anxiously. Stanley can hear and feel the fear in her voice. \"Hey Peggy it's me Stanley, Said Stanley. \"Oh my gosh are you and Callaway okay is Elizabeth Okay?\" said Peggy frantically. \"Oh if he hurt her in any way shape or form I am going to put his head on a spike and stick it on the front yard\" said Peggy angrily and with a snarl. Stanley knew all to well what would happen if Peggy was mad. It was a miracle that he survived her mood swings when she was pregnant. \"Now Peggy please calm down, me, Elizabeth and Callaway are all okay. We just need you to drive to the back of the building to the loading dock. We will meet you there,\" said Stanley. After that he heard Peggy sigh in relief. \"Oh thank Goodness\" she took a moment to pause with relief. \"Alright I will be there right away… good luck … I love you,\" said Peggy. \"Awe I love you too Peggy, good luck to you to.\" With that he hung up and handed Callaway his phone back. \"Now the mushy stuff is over lets go\" Said Callaway as he took the phone and shoved it down his pocket and un-sheaved the Beretta and they were about to run down the hall when suddenly an explosion happened ten feet behind them. From the power of the explosion they fell down on the floor face forward startled. The air was hard to breathe from dusty ahs air so they coughed and gagged. Then when the smoke cleared a fourteen tall robot was standing not so far away from them. \"Hello Mr. Ip-kiss,\" said a familiar voice from the robot.[Chapter 11] Hey peeps :D I decided to do a style change for my fanfics and see how it turns out. If you like this say so in the reviews.! Also I am sorry, for the lack of updates. I had been busy with school. (CURSE YOU HSPE EXAMS!) So without further ado…. ON WITH THE STORY! Daughter of the mask chapter 11 \"Oh no not you,\" said Stanley as he looked at the robot. \"Oh but it is Mr. Ip-kiss, now I don't want much trouble. I just want the girl,\" said Pretorius. \"Look I don't know what you want with her but I know one thing you are not going to take her,\" said Stanley as he held onto his daughter tighter and stood up in a threatening stance. \"Oh but is that so \"said Pretorius, \"then I guess we could just play a game of cat and mouse,\" said Pretorius. The robot lifted up an arm and aimed it at Stanley and the spear sparked with energy and thrust it towards Stanley. Stanley was grabbed out of the way by Callaway. They sprinted down the hallway while Pretorius followed. Callaway started to fire his gun at the robot but Pretorius raised his shield and blocked the shots. \"Nice try,\" said Dr Pretorius. He fired a blast of energy at Stanley and Callaway, They quickly both dodged the blast, which left a smoking and scorched hole in he floor where they were once standing, and continued to run. The whole place was like a maze with twist and turns at every corner. \"Ipkiss, shield yourself and your daughter!\" Yelled Callaway then he shot at a pipe causing hot steam to blow and blind the robot's visor then ducked and covered himself with his overcoat. When the pipe started to let out a loud and high pitched hiss, Stanley quickly covered him and Elizabeth with his jacket making sure that neither of them were burned from the steam. He felt a hand over his mouth and another grabbing his shoulder. He and Elizabeth were pulled quickly into another dark room. He let out a muffled yelp and heard a familiar whispered voice. \"Keep it down Ipkiss or he will hear us\" . He recognized the voice to be Callaway. He felt the hand removed from his mouth and he peered through the darkness He could make out a few things a few containers and wires but that's it. \"Lets see if we could find a light switch\" whispered Stanley as he felt for a switch. When he felt a bump and flicked it down the lights came on. Stanley was stunned at what he saw. There were thousands of fleshy pods all over the room. Each pod was translucent and he could see bodies through them. They seemed human but he wasn't exactly sure. \"What in Great Scott's name is this?\" said Callaway as he approached a pod. \"I don't know, but I rather not touch it\" said Stanley. \"What I think Pretorius is doing is growing artificial humans,\" he said as he examined a pod. \"Artificial humans, how can that be? Cloning is nothing but science fiction!\" Said Callaway, as he turned to Stanley, he had a confused look on his face. \"On the contrary I saw many weird things as the mask. So I pretty much would believe anything, but what I don't know is why would this have anything to do with Elizabeth? She is just a normal baby girl\" Said Stanley said he put his hand to his chin. Why would Pretorius want Elizabeth so badly? His thinking was interrupted as he heard an explosion from behind and with quick thinking he hid behind a pod and crouched down. Callaway seemed to have the same idea and hid behind one too. \"Miiiissssteerr Iiiiipp-kiiiiiss, where aaarre yoooouuu\" said Pretorius he started searching the place. Stanley was slightly sweating from the terror that built up in him. He looked to see Callaway who put a finger to his lips signaling him to be quiet. They heard the loud thumping of Dr Pretorius's footsteps as he got closer. Just then Elizabeth awakened from her sleep and she looked confused as she saw her father and her new surroundings. \"sshh, please be quiet daddy is here to save you, \" he said quietly to the baby girl. She looked a little worried then she had her eyes widen in fear when she noticed that Pretorius was right behind him! Pretorius pressed another button charging up the laser to blast Stanley. With quick thinking she jumped out of Stanley's arms and transformed into a jedi and used her green light saber and deflected the laser back at Pretorius sending him flying. \"Elizabeth?\" said Stanley puzzled and confused, as he looked at his daughter with concern. \"I told you Mr Ip-kiss, I know that your daughter is quite extraordinary\" said Dr., Pretorius","LastChapter":"Hey peeps :D I decided to do a style change for my fanfics and see how it turns out. If you like this say so in the reviews.! Also I am sorry, for the lack of updates. I had been busy with school. (CURSE YOU HSPE EXAMS!) So without further ado…. ON WITH THE STORY! Daughter of the mask chapter 11 \"Oh no not you,\" said Stanley as he looked at the robot. \"Oh but it is Mr. Ip-kiss, now I don't want much trouble. I just want the girl,\" said Pretorius. \"Look I don't know what you want with her but I know one thing you are not going to take her,\" said Stanley as he held onto his daughter tighter and stood up in a threatening stance. \"Oh but is that so \"said Pretorius, \"then I guess we could just play a game of cat and mouse,\" said Pretorius. The robot lifted up an arm and aimed it at Stanley and the spear sparked with energy and thrust it towards Stanley. Stanley was grabbed out of the way by Callaway. They sprinted down the hallway while Pretorius followed. Callaway started to fire his gun at the robot but Pretorius raised his shield and blocked the shots. \"Nice try,\" said Dr Pretorius. He fired a blast of energy at Stanley and Callaway, They quickly both dodged the blast, which left a smoking and scorched hole in he floor where they were once standing, and continued to run. The whole place was like a maze with twist and turns at every corner. \"Ipkiss, shield yourself and your daughter!\" Yelled Callaway then he shot at a pipe causing hot steam to blow and blind the robot's visor then ducked and covered himself with his overcoat. When the pipe started to let out a loud and high pitched hiss, Stanley quickly covered him and Elizabeth with his jacket making sure that neither of them were burned from the steam. He felt a hand over his mouth and another grabbing his shoulder. He and Elizabeth were pulled quickly into another dark room. He let out a muffled yelp and heard a familiar whispered voice. \"Keep it down Ipkiss or he will hear us\" . He recognized the voice to be Callaway. He felt the hand removed from his mouth and he peered through the darkness He could make out a few things a few containers and wires but that's it. \"Lets see if we could find a light switch\" whispered Stanley as he felt for a switch. When he felt a bump and flicked it down the lights came on. Stanley was stunned at what he saw. There were thousands of fleshy pods all over the room. Each pod was translucent and he could see bodies through them. They seemed human but he wasn't exactly sure. \"What in Great Scott's name is this?\" said Callaway as he approached a pod. \"I don't know, but I rather not touch it\" said Stanley. \"What I think Pretorius is doing is growing artificial humans,\" he said as he examined a pod. \"Artificial humans, how can that be? Cloning is nothing but science fiction!\" Said Callaway, as he turned to Stanley, he had a confused look on his face. \"On the contrary I saw many weird things as the mask. So I pretty much would believe anything, but what I don't know is why would this have anything to do with Elizabeth? She is just a normal baby girl\" Said Stanley said he put his hand to his chin. Why would Pretorius want Elizabeth so badly? His thinking was interrupted as he heard an explosion from behind and with quick thinking he hid behind a pod and crouched down. Callaway seemed to have the same idea and hid behind one too. \"Miiiissssteerr Iiiiipp-kiiiiiss, where aaarre yoooouuu\" said Pretorius he started searching the place. Stanley was slightly sweating from the terror that built up in him. He looked to see Callaway who put a finger to his lips signaling him to be quiet. They heard the loud thumping of Dr Pretorius's footsteps as he got closer. Just then Elizabeth awakened from her sleep and she looked confused as she saw her father and her new surroundings. \"sshh, please be quiet daddy is here to save you, \" he said quietly to the baby girl. She looked a little worried then she had her eyes widen in fear when she noticed that Pretorius was right behind him! Pretorius pressed another button charging up the laser to blast Stanley. With quick thinking she jumped out of Stanley's arms and transformed into a jedi and used her green light saber and deflected the laser back at Pretorius sending him flying. \"Elizabeth?\" said Stanley puzzled and confused, as he looked at his daughter with concern. \"I told you Mr Ip-kiss, I know that your daughter is quite extraordinary\" said Dr., Pretorius","Summary":" AN: Hey People: D this is one of my first fanfic EVAH so please go easy on me with the flames anywa","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Humor Adventure -  Stanley I. The Mask, Peggy B. - Chapters: 11   - Words: 11,749 - Reviews: 24 - Favs: 8 - Follows: 11 - Updated: 1 22 2014 - Published: 11 29 2012 - id: 8748852 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Flushed Away: Where There's Smoke","Author":"moonliteshdow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3713021","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello again everyone! I present to you a new Flushed Away story and hope you enjoy the first chapter! I had a lot of fun writing this story, having started it a couple of month's back, so hopefully you'll enjoy it too. Flushed Away: Where There's Smoke...[Chapter 2] Welcome to Chapter Two folks! To say the least, Rita's Dad went slightly crackers in this chapter. It wasn't what I planned originally, but it just proved funnier! Stick with me on the story – the main plot line starts next chapter! Chapter Two – A Couple of Crutches[Chapter 3] This chapter gives a slight nod to The ABC Murders by Agatha Christie if you can spot it (to anyone who's read the book, it's more the slightly obvious). I also had a note for myself on what to correct in this story that read \"Stupid names for newspapers, hotels and pubs\". Well every time I read that line it made me laugh so just for the hell of it, I left the original stupid names in – enjoy the idiocy - LOL, the Nibbler bit makes me cringe every time! Chapter Three – 10pm 'Morning Rita!' a friendly man's voice shouted from the dock 'How's the new Jammy going?' 'Morning Len! Not bad - but there's something wrong with the engine, I think it's just teething trouble but I can't get rid of this stupid squeaking noise, so I thought I better let a professional have a look - it's not like my old Jammy, I knew that inside out,' she lowered a plank onto the dock as Roddy lowered the anchor, and walked across to meet the man. 'I'll have a look at it now if you like - business is a bit slow this morning,' he picked up a box of tools and got on board. Rita and Roddy followed him back down into the engine room but they hadn't gotten very far when a man's voice called them back. 'Excuse me?' Rita and Roddy looked at one another and moved back up the stairs. There, they met a rat wearing a pair of sunglasses and a blue suit and tie. In his hand, he was carrying a notepad and pen. 'Who are you?' Rita asked. 'Good morning,' said the stranger 'My name is Karl Gregory. I am... from the Daily Nibbler and I was wondering if Mr. St. James would like to give me an interview for the paper?' Rita looked doubtfully at the man, 'Let me see your ID badge?' 'Ah. I haven't got one yet, I'm afraid I've only just started the job.' He answered. 'Ah,' said Rita, 'Get off my boat then...' 'There's no need to take that tone miss, I merely wish to speak with Mr. St. James,' Karl replied. 'You're not really a reporter are you?' Roddy frowned at him. 'Let us just say I am working for someone who is very interested in the actions of last week...' 'Right that does it. Off my boat, now!' Rita said dangerously. The man raised his arms and smiled, then walked off the boat via the plank. Rita and Roddy exchanged worried glances. What had all that been about? 'I sorted it!' They jumped as Len approached them from behind holding something in his hand, 'Turns out this was your problem.' He handed the toy duck to Roddy who stared at it mutely. 'Jojo,' mumbled Rita, paying Len for his trouble, 'She must have stuffed it down there when I wasn't looking. Sorry about that Len, I feel like I've wasted your time now…' 'Ah no worries Rita,' He saluted and moved off the boat. 'But what was that all about?' Roddy asked, still staring at the duck as though it and the stranger were in some sort of conspiracy together. 'Who knows? I'd better get used to it Rod, they're bound to be more weirdo's chasing you now anyway,' She said, pulling up the anchor. This prospect didn't bode well with Roddy. 'Dear Mr. St. James,' Roddy read out to Rita's family at the dinner table, 'Further to our meeting on Monday the 8th, I can now confirm that the time of the presentation will be Friday 12th December commencing at 19:00 in the town centre. I have taken the liberty of booking some live entertainment. Please find enclosed a copy of the programme for the night's events. Hoping I find you well, Mayor Gilford' 'Fantastic!' Beamed Mrs. Malone 'Could I take a look at the programme dear?' 'Yes of course,' Roddy passed her the letter and helped himself to a few more potatoes. 'Ooh it says there's going to be a Tom Jones impersonator!' She said excitedly. These two words, as anyone living within half a mile of the Malone's household knew, were pretty deadly when spoken aloud. Sure enough, Grandma screamed suddenly, 'TOM JONES? OOOOOH...' Roddy, having learned to block out most of the screaming, was distracted by something else. A letter had just been hand delivered through the door and Rita went over to fetch it. 'It's another letter for you,' puzzled, she held it towards him. Roddy opened it and read. 'Hello Mr. St. James. I'll bet you think you're pretty smart don't you, defeating one of the biggest criminal minds in the city. I'm about to test out just how smart you can be. Be very attentive tonight at around 10pm.' Soundlessly, he passed it to Rita who scanned it and frowned. Then she laughed. 'What on Earth is so funny? Don't tell me you understood that?' Roddy looked at her incredulously. 'No I don't understand it Rod. That's the point - it's another one of those nutters I've been warning you about. You don't have to take these things seriously...' and she passed it to her little sister, who folded it up and made a paper plane then chucked it into the air. Roddy did not like the idea of a whole band of crackpots stalking him and sending him weird mail. He frowned at Rita across the table. 'Are you sure it's just a... well a nutter Rita?' 'Oh yeah. It's got to be - they'd be daft to try anything now, the police are being extra vigilant for once trying to round up the last of the Toad's henchmen,' The letter aeroplane landed with a finalising ominous squelch into the rice pudding, and Roddy wasn't so sure. That night, Roddy had insisted on accompanying Rita to one of the seediest pubs in Ratropolis – the 'Cheshire Cheese'. Quite why she had to go in there, Roddy wasn't sure. Something about a deal with some other scrap merchants, but he didn't like the idea of a woman walking around late at night - and so there they were, standing outside a raucous pub at a quarter to 10. A beer mug smashed through the window, and Roddy could just make out the words \"... CHUNK OUT...\" These words did nothing to endear him to the place. Rita turned and smiled at him - he was staring at the beer mug on the floor. 'You stay out here Rod, there's some very dodgy customers in here. I'll only be a few minutes,' 'What?' Roddy gaze was torn from the beer mug 'You're going in there on your own? Are you mad?' 'Ah well you'll find I've got a certain way with these people,' 'Rita, I can't let you go in there on your own! Goodness knows what could happen,' He implored her, anxiously. She rolled her eyes and smiled. 'Alright... but if you're coming in you're going to have to act a bit more like a Ratropolis resident... walk a bit tougher and keep your head down. Don't look at anybody, don't communicate with anybody and above all... don't look so blummin' nervous,' she instructed him. In trying to remember it all, Roddy realised he hadn't got a word of what she'd said. 'Right. Don't breathe. Don't...' But her hand dragged him inside the pub and he had no more time to think. 'Wotcher,' said a gruff voice to the side of him. Roddy muttered 'Wotcher' back and quickly moved to keep up with Rita, who was nearly at the bar. A couple of rats cracked their knuckles menacingly as he moved past, and he tried to ignore two rats rolling around on the floor, embroiled in a fist fight. The only woman present apart from Rita seemed to be making a swift exit through the front door, and considering her position he really couldn't blame her... though he thought she looked vaguely familiar. Heavy metal music blurted out of the jukebox as Rita approached the barman and grinned. 'Well well well. If ain't our lovely Rita boys...' The barman said, and dropped a man he was holding by the scruff of his collar. The scene seemed to change dramatically. Everyone in the room froze in the middle of their fighting stances and seemed to soften. The music, for some reason, ripped like a record. Rita seemed amused and announced to the room at large, 'Allo boys,' she leant against the bar casually, 'how goes it?' 'Ah, much better now you're here my little sunshine!' Various acknowledgments came from around the room. The man on the floor, who was holding the other in a deadly headlock, said in a soft voice 'Not three bad Rita - how's yourself flower?' 'E... excuse me but... Rita would you mind telling me what it is that...' Roddy began, but as he did so, the heavy metal music returned and the fights were resumed. Ignoring him, Rita addressed the barman, not seeming to bother that he was currently throwing the man he had been holding earlier through the glass window. 'AND STAY OUT YOU POSH GIT! WE DON'T LET PANSY'S IN HERE!' He bellowed, then turned back to Rita and softly said 'Now what can I do for you sweetheart?' 'I'm looking for a bloke called Vinny...' She said 'Know where I can find him?' 'I think he's upstairs love. He's got some sort of knitting class going on...' Roddy just looked at the man, there was really no answer to that statement in a pub like this. 'Stay here and mingle, I won't be long,' Rita muttered in his ear, and then disappeared through a door along the back wall. The barman leered at him, and nervously he turned around to face the room. A decidedly masculine woman in a revealing dress waved at him and blew him a kiss. He turned back around - he'd take the leering barman. Just at that moment a man came running out of the corridor Rita had just disappeared down. He was followed by a billow of smoke, the sound of glass breaking with pressure and a jet of flames shooting through the door. Quite unnecessarily, he shouted \"FIRE!\" 'Blimey!' A drunken man was staring at the flames cross-eyed 'Where's a wave of water when you need one?'[Chapter 4] Greetings! I've decided to upload the rest of the chapters to the story together – have fun! By the way, although I've tried to stick to what you really should do if you ever find yourself stuck in a fire situation – don't take the actions of the characters in this story as the correct method – find out the approved way. I don't want to be held responsible for people flinging themselves out of windows! lol Chapter Four – Where's a Wave of Water When You Need One Roddy's first reaction was blind shock. All hell broke loose and rats were screaming, running away from the intense fire burning in the doorway. Roddy knew vaguely that it took less than 3 minutes for a fire to get as bad as this - it probably hadn't been burning long. Smoke had filled the room within seconds and he sprawled himself on the floor, going to the place with the most oxygen. 'Get down!' Somebody shouted. As Roddy would have guessed, most people were ignoring these instructions and running around screaming. In the chaos, he kept getting stood on and tripped over. Crawling his way over to the door, he shouted to as many people as he could to copy him and get out, but just at that moment an extremely loud alarm began sounding making speech almost impossible. People were now mouthing panicked words to one another. Roddy finally crawled through the door, joining several other rats that fell over him clutching their chests and struggling to breathe properly. 'Where's the ambulance?' Roddy thought vaguely. When rational thought began to take over from instinct however, Roddy realised something. Rita. She was on the first floor with the knitting class... and Roddy did not find this remotely funny anymore. 'RITA!' he shouted up to a window on the first floor with his hands cupped to his face, 'RITA! ARE YOU THERE?' Fire-fighters suddenly appeared on the scene, pushing passed him roughly, running the length of hose along the front of the pub and placing their equipment down. 'Rita!' he shouted at them, his head shaking and wandering around looking completely lost, 'She's in... RITA!' 'RODDY!' a familiar voice called back to him. 'I'M ALRIGHT! BUT ME AND THE LADS CAN'T GET DOWN THE STAIRS!' 'RITA!' The relief in his voice evident, 'YOU'RE ALR... NO! DON'T EVEN ATTEMPT IT! IT'S OUT OF CONTROL DOWN HERE!' Rita coughed loudly and he could tell she was struggling to breathe. 'LISTEN! YOU ALL NEED... TO GET... ON THE FLOOR!' 'WHAT?' 'ON THE...' But she was coughing so much he cut off his warning. 'I'M GONNA JUMP!' 'NO DON'T DO THAT! I'M GONNA STAND BELOW! YOU HAVE GET OUT ON THE LEDGE, CLIMB DOWN AND HOLD ONTO THE WINDOWSILL, THEN LET YOURSELF GO! I'LL BE RIGHT UNDERNEATH TO CATCH YOU!' 'WHAT?' But she began coughing and Roddy had no chance to repeat the message because she had fallen out of the window having lost consciousness. He caught her and fell over onto the floor. Chaos all around him, he untangled himself from her, and then kneeled beside her. 'Rita?' He said loudly, shaking her shoulders. 'Hmm?' She answered vaguely, not opening her eyes. Thank heavens, she was alive. The other rats were climbing out of the same window but Roddy wasn't paying attention. Shaking her shoulders again, he shouted 'Come on Rita, wake up, we have to get out of here!' Slowly, with help from Roddy, she sat up coughing, her eyes half closed. Instinctively he thumped her back and she began coughing a little more forcefully. 'Oh,' she coughed, 'What? What's...' 'It's alright, don't worry,' Roddy reassured her, holding her up for support, 'Just take some deep breaths.' 'No it's okay. I'm alright,' she pushed away from him stubbornly and stood up with effort, 'Bloody... I didn't think it was this bad!' She stared up at the building, swaying on the spot. It was completely engulfed in flames now. The fire-fighters were tackling it as best they could but it seemed like it would be some time before it would come under control. 'What's going on Son?' A voice said, to the right of Roddy. 'I don't know... one minute everything was alright, next thing the whole place went up in flames...' Someone was answering. 'I can't believe it!' said another voice. It seemed that a crowd had begun to form outside the pub. Rita was staring up at the flames, swaying dangerously. 'This is all my fault,' she muttered suddenly. 'What?' Roddy was distracted by the chaos of the scene and wandering around uselessly, with the appearance, like everyone else, of a lost sheep. 'It's my fault,' she shook her head, blinking her eyes and suddenly ran off. 'What?... Rita?' Roddy was completely in the dark now. He stared at the chaos around him. The paramedics had arrived - they seemed to be sorting people out - there really wasn't much more he could do... following her he set off at a run into the darkness. Rita was just a little too slow to disguise her hiding place from Roddy - he spotted her turning the corner behind an old shop a few streets away. 'Rita?' He asked cautiously, walking around the corner. She sat despondently on an old crate of bananas, looking up tearfully as he arrived. 'I'm so sorry Roddy. This is all my fault,' Roddy was dumbfounded. He thought that was what she'd said moments ago but he also thought he must have been mistaken - how on Earth could she possibly blame herself for this? 'How do you make that out?' He stared. 'That letter! I told you to ignore it!' She said despairingly. The letter! He had completely forgotten about it until now – it had said that something would happen at 10pm. But this could just be coincidence, surely... was it really connected to the fire? 'Oh the letter! For one moment I thought you were going to tell me you'd started the fire...' 'Oh well cheers for that Roddy! That makes me feel loads better that does!' She shot at him. 'Sorry...' He looked at his hands - they were covered in black soot. 'But... but the fire might not have been connected to the letter, right? And in any case it wasn't your fault! Who says it wasn't mine ? I didn't question you did I? I could have told the police and I didn't!' 'Yeah... because I said not to...' She replied, miserably. 'Rita... you mustn't blame yourself for this...' He looked sternly at her, 'If this is anyone's fault it's mine,' When she continued to stare into space, he took her by the arm and stood her up. 'Come on - let's go home. You're in shock - you just fell 15 feet from a first floor window and I don't exactly look any better...' He attempted a smile, 'And look on the bright side - I don't think anyone was hurt badly...' Rita allowed herself to be steered out of the back alley by Roddy, stumbling slightly as she went. A figure watched from the shadows and cursed silently. Mr. Malone folded up his newspaper and started on his porridge. 'I just don't believe it,' He announced to the table at large in an irritated way, 'That fire wasn't no accident, you can just bet, and what a thing to happen son, just two days away from your presentation - doesn't look very good does it? No-one's gonna feel like celebrating.' Roddy felt depressed. With a brave attempt to lift the spirit of the conversation, he replied, 'Well... at least there are no reports of serious injuries or deaths...' 'Yeah well they cover stuff like that up don't they?' Liam unhelpfully joined in the conversation as Roddy gave up and put a despairing hand over his eyes, 'Only it'll look bad on the Mayor's time in office... I always reckoned something like this would happen...' He looked around the table significantly, as if expecting everyone to be hanging onto his every word. Predictably, no-one was. At that moment Rita walked in and faltered slightly as she and Roddy shared eye contact. She lowered herself into the chair opposite him as her siblings leapt up from the table to get ready for school in the noisiest means possible. Casting a brief glance at her Dad who was preoccupied reading the newspaper, she whispered over to him. 'Thank you for last night Roddy...' 'Look it's alright I understand, you had a great shock, it's often natural to blame yourself when things go wrong,' He answered, having expecting something of this nature to be discussed today. 'I was acting stupid...' 'No you were not, don't be ridiculous...' 'And I just ran away, blubbering like an idiot...' 'And who wouldn't? Like I said, you'd just fallen from a first floor window after being exposed to a blazing fire and smoke... Rita... it wasn't... your... fault,' he emphasised his point by taking her hand in both of his and shaking it forcefully, as though hoping she might absorb some of his positive thoughts through the contact friction. 'Hello...' said Mr. Malone suggestively, having found another use for his crutches by reaching over and hitting their entwined hands with one, 'What's going on here then?' Ignoring her dad, Rita gave Roddy a smile and said quite cheerfully, 'Yeah well at least no-one's been seriously injured.' Roddy felt as though a lead weight had been taken off his stomach. He pulled a bowl of porridge towards him but just as he was about to eat a spoonful, Liam stuck his head out from underneath the table, cast a furtive glance around the room, then silently passed Roddy an envelope. Rolling his eyes he looked over at Rita expecting her to share the annoyance, but she was staring at the letter with fright. Roddy realised to his horror, that it was another letter like yesterday. Looking at her face, he slowly opened it then looked down and read... 'Hello again Mr. St. James... so you managed to save Rita? I was rather hoping for the opposite, and didn't bank on you tagging along on her little excursion, but no matter... there are plenty more occasions for me to exact my revenge.' Roddy simply stared at the letter unseeingly. They had been trying to kill Rita... if he hadn't gone with her... she would probably be dead... it was just too much. How on Earth was he going to tell her? He just couldn't, not after all she'd been through. Rita was looking at him questioningly and he couldn't see any way out of this - even before he could think something up, she grabbed the letter and began to read. 'Me?' She said finally, 'Why would they want to kill me?' Fearful for her, Roddy shook his head.[Chapter 5] Five! As in 'Chapter' not 'Johnny' – funny film though, a must see. So we're getting slightly off track here… back to the subject at hand… Chapter Five – An Unexpected Visitor[Chapter 6] Don't worry Kay Rita's not dead, lol – she's alive and kicking. Read on to find out what happens... more stupid names in this story as well folks – I mean what the heck Flamingo's have to do with rats and sewers is anybody's guess (you'll see, lol ). Stupidity strikes again. Chapter Six – Kidnapped[Chapter 7] Sorry about the apparent obsession with knocking people out in this story. Just thought I'd say that – because... I noticed I seem to be doing it rather a lot... moving swiftly on... Chapter Seven – No Need to Worry?[Chapter 8] Sorry! I know I did it again. Poor old Rod. Anyway – time to find out who's been behind it all... you're gonna kill me about half way through this chapter, lol Chapter Eight – Betrayed?[Chapter 9] The final chapter. In which several other people get knocked out. (Why break the habit of a lifetime?) LOL Chapter Nine – A Well Deserved Party They didn't have to walk far to reach the Town Hall and it was apparent that everyone was inside it judging by the tumult of voices echoing behind the doors. 'Right then here we are,' announced Stevens suddenly as they reached the doors, turning around and facing them as though she was a tour guide, 'as I speak there is a little... surprise being prepared inside...' 'What do you mean?' The Mayor trembled. As if to answer the question, there were the sudden sounds of screaming from inside the hall. She grabbed Rita and dragged her over to the doors, addressing Roddy. 'It was a rather magnificent fire last time wasn't it St. James?' 'So it was you!' Roddy remembered the woman who was fleeing from the Cheshire Cheese the moment he and Rita arrived there - no wonder she'd looked familiar. 'And your girlfriend survived because she was stupid enough to fling herself out of the first floor window - well not this time Roddy...' and she opened the door of the Town Hall as though to push Rita in there. But several things suddenly happened together. Rats began jumping on their assailants from behind... Karl Gregory released Roddy and started fighting. The sounds of kicks and bites, scuffles and punching were coming from every direction as the windows of the Town Hall suddenly shattered with the pressure of a fire that was now snaking its way out of the building and up the wall. 'Get her in there!' roared Stevens as she tried to fight off the rat attacking her, pushing Rita through the main doors. 'No!' Roddy realised this just a moment too late and made to run at the doors, but Gregory knocked him aside and Stevens locked them. Roddy turned from this sight to find the source of the commotion and was surprised to see at least 20 rats from the grounds of the Cheshire Cheese, all fighting Stevens' men. 'Was you was it!' Roared the former barman, pointing at Stevens as the rats closed in on her, 'Lost everything I owned that night including all my business! Good thing we turned up late for the party tonight lads or it looks like we'd have been in another fire!' Patricia Stevens began to laugh maniacally 'You're too late! None of them will escape, there's nothing you can do! The Toad! He was right to plan their demise!' Roddy had no time to watch her fate. He scrabbled off the floor and without really thinking where he was going, mounted the corrugated steps on the wall at the side of the Town Hall and tried to ignore the sound of the fire crackling. He had reached the roof and was looking down through the long pyramid windows into the hall below... or what he could see of it. Smoke was rapidly filling the room and it was impossible to see how far the fire had spread... all he could hear was screaming. Smashing the window would be a stupid thing to do; the extra oxygen would fuel the fire. What to do... 'Roddy!' shouted a voice from below, 'Looking for this mate?' The barman of the Cheshire Cheese held the key to the Town Hall in his hand and gestured to Roddy to follow him, disappearing around the corner on the ground. Roddy made to go down the steps but a rough hand on his shoulder pulled him back around. Karl Gregory punched him in the face and knocked him to the floor. 'Come on everyone, let's have you out!' the barman was shouting below as Roddy staggered back onto his feet in time to see Gregory attempting to jump over onto the roof of the next building. But Roddy St. James had finally lost his temper. 'Come on then Gregory!' He shouted, 'Can't you even beat up a grown man after working for a raving lunatic, kidnapping a lady and setting fire to the Town Hall with the entire population of the city inside?' And he laughed, 'you spineless coward! Come back here and face me... no guns...' Gregory looked at Roddy from behind his dark glasses and advanced slowly towards him, dropping his gun on the floor. 'That's right,' Roddy said; no trace of a smile on his handsome face. And then they were facing one another, eyes narrowed. Gregory raised his fist but Roddy was quicker - he grabbed it, twisted his arm and turned him so that he was facing the other way, half kneeling on the floor. They struggled for a moment, and Gregory broke free hesitating just a moment to long - Roddy's fist connected with his jaw and he was out cold, landing on the concrete floor. Roddy stood breathing heavily, pain radiating through his fist trying to understand what on Earth he'd just done. 'Couldn't have done that better myself...' He turned to see Rita, leaning against the railings at the top of the corrugated steps and grinning broadly covered in soot for the third time that week. 'Rita!' He exclaimed and took a step forward eagerly. 'You're not going to knock me over again are you?' She raised an eyebrow. 'No... no...' He scanned her happily, quickly turning his sudden movement into rocking on the balls of his feet. 'I thought I told you to leave that sort of stuff to me?' She grinned. 'Well… you weren't here, and somebody had to teach him a lesson!' He grinned back. She smiled but suddenly, her face changed and she pushed him aside as Gregory, having newly gained consciousness, pointed a gun in her face that had been intended for Roddy's back. 'No!' He cried. As they braced themselves for the bullet, Gregory slumped face-first onto the floor to reveal the Mayor holding a large metal pipe. 'I've just decided,' He said loudly, as though they were continuing a previous conversation in a cosy living room, and not on top of a blazing building with weapon-wielding rat surrounding a lifeless body, 'you can sail wherever you want because I've just about had enough of all these mad people you and your friend are attracting…' 'Are you two in on this scene together?' Rita looked in an amused way from Roddy to the Mayor, then at Gregory with a giant bruise on his cheek and a blow to his head, 'Colonel Mustard with the lead piping on the roof?' The Mayor seemed to realise he was still holding the metal piping in mid air like a baseball bat and lowered it, quickly. 'Come on,' Rita said urgently, 'we need to get downstairs and make sure everyone's alright!' As they ran down the stairs, Roddy gasped, 'Where's Stevens?' 'I think the lads from the Cheshire saw to her,' Rita answered back, between breaths, 'but last I saw, she was wrestling a policeman.' Trying to imagine tiny Patricia Stevens wrestling someone like Colin was a little unbelievable , thought Roddy, but then again so was her real personality . 'Can't... tell... you what a surprise that was,' The Mayor said from behind, trying to catch his breath, 'All this time, the old girl was plotting against me, I never...' 'Yeah well maybe next time you'll be keeping an eye on your own employees instead of trying to arrest me,' Rita retorted as they reached the bottom of the stairs. Everyone had been evacuated from the Town Hall which was still ablaze and being tackled by fire fighters. They were surrounded by screaming children, the buzzing of people's voices and medics running through the crowds looking for casualties. The Mayor quickly ran off in the direction of the police vehicle for an update. Recognising the pair, the barman of the Cheshire Cheese came running up to them, cutting his way through the rats and addressing Roddy. 'What happened mate? I thought you was gonna follow me?' He was still clutching the key to the Town Hall tightly, as though everyone would be sucked back inside if he let it go. 'I had a run in with Karl Gregory,' Roddy indicated his bloody lip. 'I hope you gave him one back,' the barman replied as though they were talking about a matter of fighting in the playground. Roddy opened his mouth to speak but Rita was faster. 'Course he did. Our Rod's no wimp you know!' Surveying Roddy doubtfully, he blew air from his mouth as though stressed and rubbed the back of his head. 'I can't believe we got 'em all out,' He gestured towards the crowds, 'I managed to unlock the doors while the lads sorted her flunkies out. I don't think anyone's hurt, not that they've said about anyway…' 'Thank God. Have you seen my mum and dad?' Rita asked. As if to answer the question, a crutch was being held aloft over the crowd like a sword as its owner was pushed aside by an unknown source. 'Get off me you stupid old bat – he won't want you jumping all over him that's for sure!' Then an old woman wearing curlers leapt on Roddy, hugging him. 'Ooooh, we thought for sure you'd been dead Tom!' Humouring her, Roddy answered 'No Grandma I'm quite alright,' 'Mother get off him – and stop calling him Tom!' Rita's mum dragged her mother away from Roddy. The barman, who experienced enough insanity in his pub to consider this sort of behaviour normal, restarted the conversation unphased. 'Anyway Rod – name's Rich. When I get my pub rebuilt – anytime you wanna come 'round – you can have one on the house mate,' He shook Roddy's hand amiably. 'Thank you,' Roddy smiled – though the view looked rather strange considering one of the kids was already trying to sit on his shoulders and several others were tentatively examining his trousers as though considering how safe they were to climb. 'Roddy my son!' Dad was saying... 'Oh you're both alright... you're both alright,' fussed Mum, grabbing her daughter into a hug. 'Yeah we're alright mum... never been better...' She smiled at Roddy. PC Colin came wobbling towards them, out of breath and followed by half a dozen other officers sporting black eyes and limps. The source of these injuries was being dragged towards the police boat, screaming. 'How dare you! Get your filthy hands off me you scum!' 'Delightful woman,' Roddy commented as PC Colin addressed him. 'Where's Gregory?' 'He's on the roof…' Roddy began. 'Knocked out cold by Rod,' Rita said proudly. Abashed, Roddy smiled and nervously shifted his weight from one foot to the other and back. 'Come on then lads!' Colin bellowed in their ears and they winced as the policemen mounted the steps to the roof. She and Roddy shared a smile and his gaze moved from one of her eyes to the other. Then realising he was staring, he looked at the floor. 'You alright Roddy?' 'Yes I'm fine. What with one thing and another I've never had the chance to say… you look beautiful tonight Rita.' She smiled genuinely, 'Thanks Roddy – you're a gent. You look don't look half bad yourself… although since we're both covered in dust and blood I'm not quite sure how flattering that is.' He smiled broadly as the Mayor came bumbling out of the crowd and clapped his hand on Roddy's back. As he winced, the older rat barked, 'Well Roddy St. James! Shall we get this party going then?' 'What, now?' 'Well why not? The fire's tackled, nobody's hurt, the loony's gone to the bin and everything's still set up!' Rita actually laughed. 'Who cares if everyone's a bit covered in dust?' 'But don't you think you need to sort out the Town H….' 'That can wait till tomorrow my boy!' said the Mayor, waving aside the charred remains of the Town Hall 'can't let her win can we? That is exactly what she wanted...' A whole host of chanting began 'Roddy! Roddy! Roddy!' and Rita pushed him on the back gently as the Mayor wended his way through the crowd in front of him. Roddy tried to turn around and see where she'd gone as he followed, but she merely smiled and was obscured from his view quickly by chanting rats. On the dance floor at the front of the stage, Roddy was greeted enthusiastically by Rita's family again, and Roddy addressed her mother 'I've lost Rita,' 'Don't panic Roddy – she's right behind you...' He turned and froze. She had removed her hair from the ponytail and shrugged her shoulders as she walked up to him. 'It does my head in but I thought seens as how you liked my dress, you might like to see the full effect,' He smiled slowly and took her hands, unable to speak. The Mayor grinned knowingly, and much to their chagrin, wedged a rather large gap between them and placed his arms around their shoulders. Another rat placed a microphone in front of him and he began talking pompously, 'Tonight,' He said, 'we honour one of the bravest rats in this City. A young man, who selflessly returned from his old home to rescue a million others – and then tonight, has played a big part in averting the same kind of disaster. These kinds of acts, as I think you will all agree, deserve recognition. And so – it is with great pleasure that I, Mayor Gilford award you, Roderick St. James,' He removed his arms from their shoulders and placed his hand on an object on the inside pocket of his jacket 'with the highest medal in my power.' He placed the medal around Roddy's neck, shook his hand and the crowd clapped appreciatively, cheering. The Mayor smiled and raised his hands into the air to indicate silence. 'But… there is someone else here tonight who demonstrated the same kind of bravery and helped Mr. St. James to stop these events from occurring. I am talking of course – about our very own Rita Malone.' Rita gasped, 'Who incidentally – should never be known as Ri…' Everyone laughed, including Rita. 'Rita – would you accept both my apologies for the way in which I have treated you… and the very same medal?' Rita couldn't speak – she simply stood in the same spot with her mouth wide open. Then finding her voice, she replied in an awestruck manner. ' Yes … thank you,' The Mayor laughed and addressed the crowd 'she looks so surprised!' 'We're so proud of you!' Her mum shouted as the Mayor placed the Medal around her neck. Rita sniffed and for the first time ever, Roddy saw that she was actually blushing as she stared silently down at the medal. 'You deserve that you know…' He appeared at her shoulder and said quietly in her ear. She whipped around 'you really think so?' 'How can you even ask, all the things you've done?' She turned away. 'Rita….' He said, 'I'd be nowhere without you…' Rita turned, staring at him, and seemed to be contemplating something. 'Oh … come here you drip...' She laughed, holding her arms outstretched. Roddy looked taken aback for a moment, but then went over and hugged her. 'Well...' He pulled away and cleared his throat 'I'm glad you're alright Rita.' 'Me too,' She raised her eyebrows at him, amused. 'Yes,' He rubbed the back of his head, 'Well do you suppose we'll ever have a week when something doesn't go hideously wrong?' 'Nope, probably not...' She answered. 'It's just that... in case we ever do and... you ever find yourself kidnapped again... or indeed I find myself kidnapped...' Rita looked amused as Roddy fumbled with his words. 'Well I think you should know how I...' he looked up at her nervously and her grin faded as she realised what he might say. '...feel. When... when you're parents realised you'd gone missing they told me I couldn't understand how they felt because I'd never loved anyone.' Rita looked at him curiously. 'But they were wrong,' he said, 'because I love you...' 'Roddy...' 'Please believe me Rita it's true...' 'If you're sure... because I reckon I definitely love you.' Now it was Roddy's turn to look shocked. 'Me? But what good am I to you?' he said stupidly. 'Well if you don't want me to...' she smiled. 'Don't be ridiculous...' 'Always remember Rod, there's only one person around here that's ridiculous and I'm looking at him.' She grinned. 'Are you sure you want me?' 'Roddy – we can have this conversation till the cows come home – yes, just accept that.' He smiled nervously, 'Well then... er... I'd better...' Rita stepped closer to him, 'Yes you had better.' Roddy had been talking about carrying on with the celebrations but Rita's reply didn't seem to fit that. She was leaning towards him... and he found himself copying her until he could feel her lips on his. Blushing, he pulled away gently and Rita smiled at him, for once as red as he was. 'Are we gonna have some music on then?' shouted Rita's Dad, interrupting their moment and nearly knocking several rats out with his crutch as he pointed it at Gilford. 'Roddy loves Rita! Roddy loves Rita!' the kids chanted. 'Not that sort of music!' Roddy said in a panicked sort of way, ushering them away. 'Take it away boys!' the Mayor suddenly boomed and music from the stage blasted in their ears making everyone jump. The crowd began to dance excitedly and Roddy noticed what the Mayor was about to do. Quickly, he grabbed the cigar from the Mayor's fingers and squashed it on the floor. 'Sorry Sir, but with all due respect, I've had about enough smoke and fire to last me a lifetime.' The Mayor stared for a moment then let out a booming laugh. And as Roddy danced with Rita, the well deserved party went on through the night. End I really hope you liked this story. If you did, please leave me a review!","LastChapter":"The final chapter. In which several other people get knocked out. (Why break the habit of a lifetime?) LOL Chapter Nine – A Well Deserved Party They didn't have to walk far to reach the Town Hall and it was apparent that everyone was inside it judging by the tumult of voices echoing behind the doors. 'Right then here we are,' announced Stevens suddenly as they reached the doors, turning around and facing them as though she was a tour guide, 'as I speak there is a little... surprise being prepared inside...' 'What do you mean?' The Mayor trembled. As if to answer the question, there were the sudden sounds of screaming from inside the hall. She grabbed Rita and dragged her over to the doors, addressing Roddy. 'It was a rather magnificent fire last time wasn't it St. James?' 'So it was you!' Roddy remembered the woman who was fleeing from the Cheshire Cheese the moment he and Rita arrived there - no wonder she'd looked familiar. 'And your girlfriend survived because she was stupid enough to fling herself out of the first floor window - well not this time Roddy...' and she opened the door of the Town Hall as though to push Rita in there. But several things suddenly happened together. Rats began jumping on their assailants from behind... Karl Gregory released Roddy and started fighting. The sounds of kicks and bites, scuffles and punching were coming from every direction as the windows of the Town Hall suddenly shattered with the pressure of a fire that was now snaking its way out of the building and up the wall. 'Get her in there!' roared Stevens as she tried to fight off the rat attacking her, pushing Rita through the main doors. 'No!' Roddy realised this just a moment too late and made to run at the doors, but Gregory knocked him aside and Stevens locked them. Roddy turned from this sight to find the source of the commotion and was surprised to see at least 20 rats from the grounds of the Cheshire Cheese, all fighting Stevens' men. 'Was you was it!' Roared the former barman, pointing at Stevens as the rats closed in on her, 'Lost everything I owned that night including all my business! Good thing we turned up late for the party tonight lads or it looks like we'd have been in another fire!' Patricia Stevens began to laugh maniacally 'You're too late! None of them will escape, there's nothing you can do! The Toad! He was right to plan their demise!' Roddy had no time to watch her fate. He scrabbled off the floor and without really thinking where he was going, mounted the corrugated steps on the wall at the side of the Town Hall and tried to ignore the sound of the fire crackling. He had reached the roof and was looking down through the long pyramid windows into the hall below... or what he could see of it. Smoke was rapidly filling the room and it was impossible to see how far the fire had spread... all he could hear was screaming. Smashing the window would be a stupid thing to do; the extra oxygen would fuel the fire. What to do... 'Roddy!' shouted a voice from below, 'Looking for this mate?' The barman of the Cheshire Cheese held the key to the Town Hall in his hand and gestured to Roddy to follow him, disappearing around the corner on the ground. Roddy made to go down the steps but a rough hand on his shoulder pulled him back around. Karl Gregory punched him in the face and knocked him to the floor. 'Come on everyone, let's have you out!' the barman was shouting below as Roddy staggered back onto his feet in time to see Gregory attempting to jump over onto the roof of the next building. But Roddy St. James had finally lost his temper. 'Come on then Gregory!' He shouted, 'Can't you even beat up a grown man after working for a raving lunatic, kidnapping a lady and setting fire to the Town Hall with the entire population of the city inside?' And he laughed, 'you spineless coward! Come back here and face me... no guns...' Gregory looked at Roddy from behind his dark glasses and advanced slowly towards him, dropping his gun on the floor. 'That's right,' Roddy said; no trace of a smile on his handsome face. And then they were facing one another, eyes narrowed. Gregory raised his fist but Roddy was quicker - he grabbed it, twisted his arm and turned him so that he was facing the other way, half kneeling on the floor. They struggled for a moment, and Gregory broke free hesitating just a moment to long - Roddy's fist connected with his jaw and he was out cold, landing on the concrete floor. Roddy stood breathing heavily, pain radiating through his fist trying to understand what on Earth he'd just done. 'Couldn't have done that better myself...' He turned to see Rita, leaning against the railings at the top of the corrugated steps and grinning broadly covered in soot for the third time that week. 'Rita!' He exclaimed and took a step forward eagerly. 'You're not going to knock me over again are you?' She raised an eyebrow. 'No... no...' He scanned her happily, quickly turning his sudden movement into rocking on the balls of his feet. 'I thought I told you to leave that sort of stuff to me?' She grinned. 'Well… you weren't here, and somebody had to teach him a lesson!' He grinned back. She smiled but suddenly, her face changed and she pushed him aside as Gregory, having newly gained consciousness, pointed a gun in her face that had been intended for Roddy's back. 'No!' He cried. As they braced themselves for the bullet, Gregory slumped face-first onto the floor to reveal the Mayor holding a large metal pipe. 'I've just decided,' He said loudly, as though they were continuing a previous conversation in a cosy living room, and not on top of a blazing building with weapon-wielding rat surrounding a lifeless body, 'you can sail wherever you want because I've just about had enough of all these mad people you and your friend are attracting…' 'Are you two in on this scene together?' Rita looked in an amused way from Roddy to the Mayor, then at Gregory with a giant bruise on his cheek and a blow to his head, 'Colonel Mustard with the lead piping on the roof?' The Mayor seemed to realise he was still holding the metal piping in mid air like a baseball bat and lowered it, quickly. 'Come on,' Rita said urgently, 'we need to get downstairs and make sure everyone's alright!' As they ran down the stairs, Roddy gasped, 'Where's Stevens?' 'I think the lads from the Cheshire saw to her,' Rita answered back, between breaths, 'but last I saw, she was wrestling a policeman.' Trying to imagine tiny Patricia Stevens wrestling someone like Colin was a little unbelievable , thought Roddy, but then again so was her real personality . 'Can't... tell... you what a surprise that was,' The Mayor said from behind, trying to catch his breath, 'All this time, the old girl was plotting against me, I never...' 'Yeah well maybe next time you'll be keeping an eye on your own employees instead of trying to arrest me,' Rita retorted as they reached the bottom of the stairs. Everyone had been evacuated from the Town Hall which was still ablaze and being tackled by fire fighters. They were surrounded by screaming children, the buzzing of people's voices and medics running through the crowds looking for casualties. The Mayor quickly ran off in the direction of the police vehicle for an update. Recognising the pair, the barman of the Cheshire Cheese came running up to them, cutting his way through the rats and addressing Roddy. 'What happened mate? I thought you was gonna follow me?' He was still clutching the key to the Town Hall tightly, as though everyone would be sucked back inside if he let it go. 'I had a run in with Karl Gregory,' Roddy indicated his bloody lip. 'I hope you gave him one back,' the barman replied as though they were talking about a matter of fighting in the playground. Roddy opened his mouth to speak but Rita was faster. 'Course he did. Our Rod's no wimp you know!' Surveying Roddy doubtfully, he blew air from his mouth as though stressed and rubbed the back of his head. 'I can't believe we got 'em all out,' He gestured towards the crowds, 'I managed to unlock the doors while the lads sorted her flunkies out. I don't think anyone's hurt, not that they've said about anyway…' 'Thank God. Have you seen my mum and dad?' Rita asked. As if to answer the question, a crutch was being held aloft over the crowd like a sword as its owner was pushed aside by an unknown source. 'Get off me you stupid old bat – he won't want you jumping all over him that's for sure!' Then an old woman wearing curlers leapt on Roddy, hugging him. 'Ooooh, we thought for sure you'd been dead Tom!' Humouring her, Roddy answered 'No Grandma I'm quite alright,' 'Mother get off him – and stop calling him Tom!' Rita's mum dragged her mother away from Roddy. The barman, who experienced enough insanity in his pub to consider this sort of behaviour normal, restarted the conversation unphased. 'Anyway Rod – name's Rich. When I get my pub rebuilt – anytime you wanna come 'round – you can have one on the house mate,' He shook Roddy's hand amiably. 'Thank you,' Roddy smiled – though the view looked rather strange considering one of the kids was already trying to sit on his shoulders and several others were tentatively examining his trousers as though considering how safe they were to climb. 'Roddy my son!' Dad was saying... 'Oh you're both alright... you're both alright,' fussed Mum, grabbing her daughter into a hug. 'Yeah we're alright mum... never been better...' She smiled at Roddy. PC Colin came wobbling towards them, out of breath and followed by half a dozen other officers sporting black eyes and limps. The source of these injuries was being dragged towards the police boat, screaming. 'How dare you! Get your filthy hands off me you scum!' 'Delightful woman,' Roddy commented as PC Colin addressed him. 'Where's Gregory?' 'He's on the roof…' Roddy began. 'Knocked out cold by Rod,' Rita said proudly. Abashed, Roddy smiled and nervously shifted his weight from one foot to the other and back. 'Come on then lads!' Colin bellowed in their ears and they winced as the policemen mounted the steps to the roof. She and Roddy shared a smile and his gaze moved from one of her eyes to the other. Then realising he was staring, he looked at the floor. 'You alright Roddy?' 'Yes I'm fine. What with one thing and another I've never had the chance to say… you look beautiful tonight Rita.' She smiled genuinely, 'Thanks Roddy – you're a gent. You look don't look half bad yourself… although since we're both covered in dust and blood I'm not quite sure how flattering that is.' He smiled broadly as the Mayor came bumbling out of the crowd and clapped his hand on Roddy's back. As he winced, the older rat barked, 'Well Roddy St. James! Shall we get this party going then?' 'What, now?' 'Well why not? The fire's tackled, nobody's hurt, the loony's gone to the bin and everything's still set up!' Rita actually laughed. 'Who cares if everyone's a bit covered in dust?' 'But don't you think you need to sort out the Town H….' 'That can wait till tomorrow my boy!' said the Mayor, waving aside the charred remains of the Town Hall 'can't let her win can we? That is exactly what she wanted...' A whole host of chanting began 'Roddy! Roddy! Roddy!' and Rita pushed him on the back gently as the Mayor wended his way through the crowd in front of him. Roddy tried to turn around and see where she'd gone as he followed, but she merely smiled and was obscured from his view quickly by chanting rats. On the dance floor at the front of the stage, Roddy was greeted enthusiastically by Rita's family again, and Roddy addressed her mother 'I've lost Rita,' 'Don't panic Roddy – she's right behind you...' He turned and froze. She had removed her hair from the ponytail and shrugged her shoulders as she walked up to him. 'It does my head in but I thought seens as how you liked my dress, you might like to see the full effect,' He smiled slowly and took her hands, unable to speak. The Mayor grinned knowingly, and much to their chagrin, wedged a rather large gap between them and placed his arms around their shoulders. Another rat placed a microphone in front of him and he began talking pompously, 'Tonight,' He said, 'we honour one of the bravest rats in this City. A young man, who selflessly returned from his old home to rescue a million others – and then tonight, has played a big part in averting the same kind of disaster. These kinds of acts, as I think you will all agree, deserve recognition. And so – it is with great pleasure that I, Mayor Gilford award you, Roderick St. James,' He removed his arms from their shoulders and placed his hand on an object on the inside pocket of his jacket 'with the highest medal in my power.' He placed the medal around Roddy's neck, shook his hand and the crowd clapped appreciatively, cheering. The Mayor smiled and raised his hands into the air to indicate silence. 'But… there is someone else here tonight who demonstrated the same kind of bravery and helped Mr. St. James to stop these events from occurring. I am talking of course – about our very own Rita Malone.' Rita gasped, 'Who incidentally – should never be known as Ri…' Everyone laughed, including Rita. 'Rita – would you accept both my apologies for the way in which I have treated you… and the very same medal?' Rita couldn't speak – she simply stood in the same spot with her mouth wide open. Then finding her voice, she replied in an awestruck manner. ' Yes … thank you,' The Mayor laughed and addressed the crowd 'she looks so surprised!' 'We're so proud of you!' Her mum shouted as the Mayor placed the Medal around her neck. Rita sniffed and for the first time ever, Roddy saw that she was actually blushing as she stared silently down at the medal. 'You deserve that you know…' He appeared at her shoulder and said quietly in her ear. She whipped around 'you really think so?' 'How can you even ask, all the things you've done?' She turned away. 'Rita….' He said, 'I'd be nowhere without you…' Rita turned, staring at him, and seemed to be contemplating something. 'Oh … come here you drip...' She laughed, holding her arms outstretched. Roddy looked taken aback for a moment, but then went over and hugged her. 'Well...' He pulled away and cleared his throat 'I'm glad you're alright Rita.' 'Me too,' She raised her eyebrows at him, amused. 'Yes,' He rubbed the back of his head, 'Well do you suppose we'll ever have a week when something doesn't go hideously wrong?' 'Nope, probably not...' She answered. 'It's just that... in case we ever do and... you ever find yourself kidnapped again... or indeed I find myself kidnapped...' Rita looked amused as Roddy fumbled with his words. 'Well I think you should know how I...' he looked up at her nervously and her grin faded as she realised what he might say. '...feel. When... when you're parents realised you'd gone missing they told me I couldn't understand how they felt because I'd never loved anyone.' Rita looked at him curiously. 'But they were wrong,' he said, 'because I love you...' 'Roddy...' 'Please believe me Rita it's true...' 'If you're sure... because I reckon I definitely love you.' Now it was Roddy's turn to look shocked. 'Me? But what good am I to you?' he said stupidly. 'Well if you don't want me to...' she smiled. 'Don't be ridiculous...' 'Always remember Rod, there's only one person around here that's ridiculous and I'm looking at him.' She grinned. 'Are you sure you want me?' 'Roddy – we can have this conversation till the cows come home – yes, just accept that.' He smiled nervously, 'Well then... er... I'd better...' Rita stepped closer to him, 'Yes you had better.' Roddy had been talking about carrying on with the celebrations but Rita's reply didn't seem to fit that. She was leaning towards him... and he found himself copying her until he could feel her lips on his. Blushing, he pulled away gently and Rita smiled at him, for once as red as he was. 'Are we gonna have some music on then?' shouted Rita's Dad, interrupting their moment and nearly knocking several rats out with his crutch as he pointed it at Gilford. 'Roddy loves Rita! Roddy loves Rita!' the kids chanted. 'Not that sort of music!' Roddy said in a panicked sort of way, ushering them away. 'Take it away boys!' the Mayor suddenly boomed and music from the stage blasted in their ears making everyone jump. The crowd began to dance excitedly and Roddy noticed what the Mayor was about to do. Quickly, he grabbed the cigar from the Mayor's fingers and squashed it on the floor. 'Sorry Sir, but with all due respect, I've had about enough smoke and fire to last me a lifetime.' The Mayor stared for a moment then let out a booming laugh. And as Roddy danced with Rita, the well deserved party went on through the night. End I really hope you liked this story. If you did, please leave me a review!","Summary":" Hello again everyone! I present to you a new Flushed Away story and hope you enjoy the first chapte","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Adventure Humor - Chapters: 9   - Words: 17,637 - Reviews: 14 - Favs: 10 - Follows: 2 - Updated: 8 31 2007 - Published: 8 9 2007 - Status: Complete - id: 3713021 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Love Is Not for The Weak In Heart, Only The Strong","Author":"Dana Kathrine Scully","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3796778","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Flushed away: The nextnchapter Roddy lay on his mostlyncomfortable bed on the Malone's couch in their small living room. Henthought about the previous predicaments he and Rita had whipped awaynand thought of how much he wanted to avoid going through somethingnlike that again. He would not take his chances of losing Rita ifnthere was a next time. Coming as close as he had to losing her hadnpertrified him. He did not want to bear the pain, not to mention thenloss of purpose in his life. Rita was Roddy's reason to live, if notna person to fuel him up through life. He had grown fond of herncompany, and she was not a closed door anymore, not an empty seat inna theater, something that could be forgotten as soon as you saw it.nAs Roddy slowly drifted off to sleep, he thought about the start ofnthe building of the Jammy Dodger II. All the time withnRita...learning a thing or two about shipbuilding... Roddy thought unconsciously. By the time he had finished thinkingnwithout thinking, he was asleep, quietly breathing a rythmic deepnsound, not a snore, but a sound he would make as soon as he wasnsleeping contentedly. Rita opened the door tonher old room and gazed around. The place needed a major dusting job.nShe had not been in the room since she had moved out, about sixnmonths ago. at first, she was scared because she forgot to ask herndad for help building a sleeping area and had to sleep on the deck.nShe would sleep on the makeshift bed for the first thirty minutes,nthen run to the cockpit snd sleep there the rest of the night. Hernfather had had a few chuckles over this, and Rita would turn a brightnshade of tomato or scarlet before she could get away from the roomnwhich her family of thirty six(for all she knew, there could be ancouple more babies upstairs in the nursery, sleeping until their mumnwas doing something that was important, like dishes, or laundry, ornsomething that was mandatory). Rita smiled as she remembered this andnsearched her dresser for her old pair of pajamas. Sure enough, shenfound them, but she had gotten thinner while she was gone and thenpants were way too big and the top too small. She grabbed a clip andnthe rubber band from her hair to make the shirt a little bigger andnthe pants a little smaller. She combed her hair and almost yelpednwhen she tried to pull the comb through. There were a good lot of ntangles in it. \"Gees, I should havenbrought something like a comb with me when I went to snatch the ruby.nMy hair is going to need a long, hard washing to get the tangles out.nIf i keep trying like an idiot to brush this, I will be in a bunch ofnpain in the morning. I'll ignore it tonight. I need the sleep. Afternall, the first pin and hammering of the Jammy Dodger II will takenplace tomorrow.\" Rita climbed into bed andngave a deep sigh. Roddy was like a breath of fresh air. He wasnsomething special. He was kind enough to keep a deal even thoughnsheft him on a duck a couple days ago. He is soo charming andnforgiving. Roddy kept his end of the deal even though I left him on anduck. With nothing but the clothes on his back and a guitar for anpaddle. He is my hero, like I am his. He saved my life while I gotnhim home to kensington. I'll worry about it tomorrow. G'night. The next morning, Roddynwoke up rested and restored. His energy and muscles had been severelynstrained the day before, so he was full of energy but his arms andnlegs, and not to mention feet, hurt so bad he could hardly walk. Henthought Rita must feel exactly the same, though her throat must havenhurt a bit because of the yelling and fearful screaming she had hadnher share of the days before. Roddy decided not to wake anyone elsenup unless he needed to. He decided to get some much needed breakfastnand write a not to Rita, put it on the inside of her door, and leavento go do some clothes shopping. All he had was the white shirt andnblack pants he had on now. He got some breakfast thennwrote the note. It read, \"Rita, don't benmad at me, but I took the rental boat to do some clothes shopping. Inneed some new stuff. I have my own money that someone gave me, so Inam not going to spend or drain any more of your family's money. Inshould be back by at least five. Right now it is eleven. If I am notnback by five thirty, then you should come and look for me. I may havengotten myself into a bit of trouble.\" Roddy folded the papernneatly and tried to find a bit of tape. He was sucessful in hisnsearch, and he went quietly back up the stairs and stopped by Rita'sndoor. He gathered up all his stealth skill and silently opened thendoor. Rita was laying on her bed, back to Roddy. Roddy noticed hownpretty her hair was, even if it looked like a twister the size ofnKensington had gone through it. It was down, shinier than copper inncome places,and as dark as a real ruby in others. It was completelynnatural, and her hair had never, ever been dyed. it wouldn't be rightnto dye such beautiful locks and ruin the effect. Ok, enough of admiringnRita. Time to go. Roddy stuck the note on her door and went toncarefully shut the door, but tripped over something. It was Shocky,nRita's 20th little brother. The little rat did not have his batterynwith him for once, and Roddy quickly pushed Shocky out of the roomnwhen Rita began to stir. She groaned a bit, opened her eyes, thennshut them again. She was out like a light, to Roddy's surprise. Shennormally would open her eyes and get up and start working out hernday, but she was apparently exausted. Roddy was not terriblynsurprised. Roddy finished shuttingnthe door and looked back at Shocky. He was standing, but his eyesnwere closed and he was drooling, as if in a trance. Roddy decided againstnsurprising him with a sudden surprise of saying, \"Shocky!\"ninto the little guy's ear. Instead Roddy picked Shocky up carefullyntook him to the room he shared with many of his brothers, includingnLiam. As soon as the young rat was settled back in his bed, Roddynwent outside to the Dodger, started the engine, and took off forntown. Rita woke a few hoursnlater, and felt like a lead weight. Her arms hurt, and her legsnached. Her stomach was sour, and so was she. She got up and groanednwhile she stretched, and as she finished stretching, she saw thennote. She snarled as she walked over to read it. Well, she did notnread it at the door, but she grabbed it and slumped on her bed thennread it. Her muscles ached as shenlaid motionless on her bed reading the note dozens of times, tryingnto make it all compute. It finally did, but she did not care. Whtnpopped into her hed suddenly was, \"uh-oh, I forgot. Inhave to take a shower! It will be good for my hair, as well as myntensed muscles and my sore throat. Then I am going to go into townnand find Roddy. It should be about time for him to e home by then.\" She went to her closet andnoulled out another pair of clean British Flag pants, made out of annold piece of British flag from the surface. She chose a shirt thatnwas dark green, tight, and would withstand a lot of limping andnshoulder rubbing. When she got out of the shower, she was going to goninto town and get a much needed, pain relieving massage.She needednit. he hot steam from thenshower loosened the muscles, and she could hardly pull herself awaynfrom it. Her hair shined, and she decided to keep it down today. Shencould not help but think, \"If I see Roddy, I should look decentnand a little different.\" She looked in the mirror. She hadnimmense dark circles under her eyes. She had a tube of cover upnmakeup on the mirror table, so she used that to hide the circles. Shenloked better already. \"Gees, I feel awful,\"nshe admitted. \"but it's a good thing I am alive and not frozennin the wave outside. \" She brushed her hair andndecided to braid it. It would look ok, considering that braids alwaysnlooked good, weaved into her red, shiny hair. A hairdo like thatnmight make her look a little feminine, but it was just her hair. Whonknows, maybe she would take it out and just do with a ponytail. Thatnwould look a bit more tomboyish. The house sudenly lurched to thenright, sending Rita flying across the room with a \"OOMPH!\"nas she hit the wall. Her sister had grabbed onto Rita's bedroom doornfor support, and it had popped open. Her sister saw what The suddennmovement had done to Rita, and what sound Rita had made and what shenhit. Jojo giggled when she saw the stunned face Rita had on. Rita had to laugh atnherself. Even if it was a bit scary. Her sister was now laughing,nhaving dropped to her knees when she saw her big sister laughing atnherself. \"You know, Rita, thatnwas funny and totally took you off your guard!\" Rita looked at her sisternand took a deep breath. \"Let me guess. Fergus just jumpednliterally out of his bed?\" \"Yep.\" \"That explains thenjolt perfectly. Jojo, you and I need to talk to mom about Fergus'snravid leaping out of bed. It's bad for the house, not to mention thensiblings on the top floor. If the house had moved to the left and notnthe right, I would be swimming or drowning right now.\" Jojo nodded innagreement,and then the house lurched to the left, and rita almostnwent out the window, but grabbed onto her bed. She turned to hernsister. \"See what I mean? Incouldhave gone out my window if I had not have grabbed ontonsomething!\" Just then, Rita's mumncalled upstairs, \"Lunch, children!\" and a bunch of littlenrats poured down the stairs. Rita rolled her eyes and stayed in hernbedroom a while longer. She was going to not eat lunch here and seenif she could find Roddy and see if he wanted to go to lunch. Shenquietly sneaked down the stars and went to the door. She was about tonopen the door when her mum called, \"Rita!\" Oh, gees, shenwas busted. \"Where are you going? Aren't you going to eatnlunch?\" Rita slowly tuned aroundnto face her mother across the room. \"No, mum. I'm goingnto go to town and eat lunch there. I am going to find another shirtnhopefully and new pajamas, because the ones in my room are way toonsmall. Soon they will fit Jojo, she she can have them.\" Jojo's face lit up, andnshe looked at Rita and mouthed, \"Thanks!\" Rita smiled andnwalked out of the house. Roddy St.James neededndriving lessons. Badly. He had swerved just intime to not to hit anbakery boat, and a few loaves of bread fell into the water. So Roddynhad to pay the baker for the loaves and his money was almost run out.n Maybe he sould find another pair of shoes with whatever money he hadnleft. Just then he spotted a familiar face. It was Rita! He tried tonget her attention. \"Rita! Rita! Overnhere!\" She saw him annd ran fornthe nearest dock. He parked the boat he had rented and got out. Ritanran up to him and asked, \"Have you eaten yet?\"nRoddy replied no, and that he did not have enough money to eat lunch,nso she shushed him. \"I brought my ownnshopping money and lunch money so let's go eat. There is anwonderfully good outdoor cafe right around the corner, so let's go.\" Roddy saw the cafe, thennsmelled it, and almost started salivating. He had not eaten sincenmorning, and now it was four. He was starved after walking aroundnstores and such. \"Oi, this place isngood. Looks and smells that way. Not to mention taste.\" Ritansaid. Roddy was already lookingnat the menu, and saw, 'Deep Fried tadpole' and about threw up. Ritannoticed it and then looked at Roddy's face. She smothered a laughnwith her hand. \"don't worry, itntastes like that chicken stuff they have up top. It's really veryngood. Here, I'll order it for you. just forget wat the name is.\" She casually walked up tonthe counter and waited for service. A tall female rat came to takenher order. \"Hi, Rita! Who'snthis? Your new boyfriend of the month?\" she giggled. Rita blushed a brilliantnpink and said, \"No. I need two deep fried Tadploes and a smallnwater and a large iced tea for him. He is grossed out about eatingntadpoles, so add a few extra napkins.\" The cashier rang it up andngave Rita the total, who in return gave the cashier the money. Ritanwent to a table and sat down. Roddy warily walked over. He decided to start anconversation with Rita. 'So, um, Maybe we shouldnstart the Dodger II in a few weeks. I don't think my arms, legs, feetnand throat could handle it tomorrow. I am so incredibly sore.\" Rita replied, \"Yeah,nMy throat hurts from having my share of yelling at and for you andnterrified screaming yesterday. I am going to get a few throatnlasanges to soothe my throat.\" Rita's name was yellednthroughout the cafe, and Rita got up and went to the counter to picknup the order. Rita walked back to thentabe she and Roddy shared, and set a tadpole down in front of him.nThe look he got on his face struck Rita as hilarious. She smotherednyet another batch of laughs with her hands, and decided to startneating hers. She thought it was heaven. Roddy reluctently beganncutting it up in little squares and was really surprised at how goodnit was. Rita swallowed the bitenshe had in her mouth and said, \"See, Rod? It's not half as badnas you assumed it would be. I thought it was sickening when I firstntried it, but it tastes just like that stuff they have up top. Hey,nlook at the bright side. Isn't it better than knowing you are eatingnmaggots? Or seeing the 'rice' all go to one side when you put thensalt in?\" Roddy smiled and had tonagree with her. The two finished their dishes and threw away thenpaper plates. Roddy decided to ask hernto help him find another pair of shoes. Rita decided to ask him tonhelp her find another shirt and a pair of shoes, preferably boots. Both started to ask thenother at the same time. \"Rita, would you-\"nRoddy started. Roddy, would you be-\"nRita began. Both looked at each othernand laugh. Roddy says, \"You first.\" Rita said, \"Ok, menfirst. Would you be willing to help me find another pair of pajamas,na new shirt, and a new pair of shoes?\" \"Yes, I could helpnyou and you could help me find another pair of shoes.\" \"Ok, let's hit thenstores, Rod!\" While the two werenshopping, the song, \"Kiss the Girl\" by the human AshleynTisdale was playing over the speakers. Rita was quietly singingnalong to it, and Roddy didn't know how pretty her voice was. \"There, you see her,nsitting there across the way, she don;t got a lot tonsay, but there's something about her, And you don't know why,nbut you're dying to try you wanna, kiss the girl. Yeah, you want her, andnthere's a chance she wants you too, it doesn't take a word,nnot a single word until you kiss the girl.\" Roddy was walking next tonher, listening. Rita sang, \"Shalalalalala, my ohnmy, looks like the boy'a too shy, aint gonna kiss the girl. Shalalalalalala, aint thatnsad, he's gonna miss the girl.\" Roddy spoke up. \"Younknow, Rita, your voice is beautiful.\" Apparently she hadnforgotten he was there. \"Oh, really, it'snnothing.\" She blushed a tomato red, and desperately lookednaround for a store to go into and find something to help him forgetnhe had ever heard her. She had no such luck. \"Ri, I mean it. Yournvoice is perfect. A little gruff and it is a star's voice!\" \"Roddy...\" \"Oh, c'mon, Rita,nyour voice is beautiful!\" She finally admitted, herncheeks turning darker and darker shades of red. \"Ok, you have mencornered. I do have a good voice. I got it from my mum. Have younheard her sing? It is like she is part angel.\" Roddy stopped her. \"Well,nI guess some of the angelic genes were passed down. I think I amngoing to help this angel stay on the ground.\" CHAPTERn2-------------------------------------------------------- Rita got a call on hernpager that she found to come home. Something tradgic had happened. \"Roddy, we have tonget home now,\" she said, panic overtaking her. \"Somethingnhas happened that has me worried. Let's go. I am driving.\" Roddy knew not to arguenwith Rita when she was edgy like this. Roddy, remember. Younneed to walk on eggshells right now. She has never been like thisnbefore. When the two got to thenhouse, they had to park somewhere else. An ambulance boat was parkednoutside on the main dock. Rita's eyes filled withntears and she ran off the boat. \"Oh, no...\" shensaid. Had someone been killed, seriously injured? WHAT? Roddy followed her, and henhad to sprint to keep up to her. Rita burst into the house,nand immediatly saw her mum on the stretcher. \"MUM!!\" shenyelled, and ran to her mother. She was unconscious. \"What happened? Ritanasked desperately. \"Is she alive?\" A paramedic rat moved overnto where Roddy and Rita were standing and kneeling. \"Miss Malone, is it?nAre you her oldest daughter?\" Rita hastily replied, Yes.nShe's my mother. And is she alive?\" The paramedic repliednslowly, \"Barely. She had a massive heart attack, and I'mnsurprised she got through it. She might not live much longer, though.nWe are going to take her to the intensive care unit at the hospital,nand we will try to get her back on line. SHe might not make it,nremember. Don't get your hopes up, Rita.\" Rita watched with tears asnthe paramedics carried her mum out on the stretchers. She stood upnand looked at Roddy. Roddy was already feelingna sense of loss. He had known her mum for a few days, but she was anperson you could become attached to very quickly. He looked away fromnhis shoes and noticed Rita looking at him. She looked as if she werengoing to break down and cry enough tears to fill the London sewers.nShe began to tremble, then started to softly cry. It was obvious thatnshe was holding in the river of tears she had held inside her for thenpast eight years. Then her trembling turned to shaking, and then shenshook her head and fell into Roddy, taking him off his guard. Shensobbed, her hot tears staining his shirt. He put his arms around her,nin an attempt to soothe her, console her. She tried to take a fewndeep breaths, but that would not regulate her breathing. She sank tonher knees as another huge, immense wave of sobs wracked her body. Rita felt as if she wasngoing to have a total breakdown, and struggled to her feet and dashednup the stairs. She ran to her room, but she could'nt open the door.nRoddy followed her up there, and she fell into him again. He rubbednher back soothingly. He was beginning to worry about how tense shenwas. She seemed tired already, and it was probably from crying sonhard. She finally felt like she could sleep a whole day. She yawned,nstill whimpering. She leaned sleepily into Roddy's shoulder. Shenfound herself shutting her eyelids as she was held by him. Shenactually felt secure. She fell asleep on Roddy's shoulder. Roddy felt her calming. She must be tired from crying like that. Inknow i would be. She was breathing normally.nRoddy then realised that she was asleep. Poor girl. I have'ntnlost anyone near to me, so I can't even imagine what she feels like. Roddy hooked his armnaround her shoulders, so that her head would be against his chest. nHe opened her bedroom door and put his other arm under her knees. Hencarried her into her bedroom. He put Her on her bed andnstroked her flaming red hair once, and whispered, \"It's going tonbe alright.\" into her ear. She silently slept, but she sleptnshallowly. The slightest dream about her mum sent her shooting up innbed. After he set her on hernbed, he stood there and watched her for a moment. She had seemed sonhappy earlier, and now she had a tear stained face and a messynponytail. He looked at his shirt. It was wet, drenched in some spots,nfrom her big, hot tears. He wasn't angry about it though. He quietlynshut the door and walked to his room. There he pulled out a journal,nwhich had emergency and nonemergency numbers on the back cover. Hencalled the hospital for an update on Rita's mom. The receptionist answerednthe phone. \"Piccadilly Hospital, how can I help you?\" Roddy spoke into thenphone, \"Yes, I need an update on Herriet Malone, please.\" \"Can I get a name,nsir?\" \"Rodderick St.James.\" \"Yes, let me transfernyou to the room phone. Please hold momentarily. Oh, and, Roddy, tellnRita that I am feeling sympathetic for her, would you please?\" Roddy nodded. \"I willnwhen she wakes up. She cried herself to sleep on my shoulder.\" \"Poor thing,\" Roddy patiently waited asnmusic played in his ear. Suddenly a male voice spoke into the phone.n\"This is Dr. Kandger,\" Roddy replied anxiously. Yes, I need a report onnMrs. Malone, please. The docter gave a deepnsigh, as if readying himself for something horrid. \"Um, Mr. St. James,nis Rita anywhere around?\" \"No. she is asleep.\" \"Ok, good. she wouldnnot want to hear this anyway.\" \"Ok, doc, spill it.\" \"Roderick, Mrs Malonendied moments ago. She was fine and we don't know what got to her.\" Roddy found himselfnstaggering back onto his bed. How could that be? Ok, um, thank you, er,nsir.\" Roddy hung up, alreadynracking his brain for ways to break it to Rita. He was feeling a deepntang of sorrow, like a knife had been plunged into a spot where itnwasn't vital, and he was laying on the ground in agony, very slowlyndying. Rita was going to geel the same. Suddenly he heard anrustling noise. It was coming from Rita's room. Roddy got up and wentnto Rita's door. She opened the door, her face streaked with tears.nShe walked over to Roddy and asked, \"How's mum?\" Roddy's conscience wasnscreaming, \"Tell her! Just tell the girl!\" Roddy took a deep breathnand readied himself for the falling and sobbing she would soon benperforming. \"Rita, um...thendoctors couldn't save her. She died about 20 minutes ago.\" Rita looked stricken, andnbig, huge, absolutely huge teardrops rolled down her face ond ontonthe front of her shirt. She said something under her breath, butnRoddy couldn't make it out. She walked away from him, slumped againstnthe wall, and tried not to sob. Good thing I didn't putnon a new shirt, 'cause she'll be coming in, 4, 3, 2, 1...blastoff! Rita could'nt hold thenwave in any longer. She ran to Roddy, who had his arms held open. Shensobbed her heart out into his warm, comforting chest. He wrapped hisnarms around her to help her feel loved and secure, and apparently itnhelped. She calmed down slightly and closed her eyes. She felt as ifnshe had known him all her life and she had found him after a fewnyears. She couldn't believe mumnwas dead. She seemed so healthy when Rita left to find Roddy, and shencame back to find her struggling for life on a stretcher. Now she wasndead. Rita was the woman of the house now. She had to learn how toncook, give up her career as a scavenger, and stay home 24/7. This wasngonna stink. \"Roddy,\" shenchoked out, \"I just realised that I am going to have to takencare of my siblings now, just like mum did. I can't scavenge anymore.nI have to cook, clean, wash, care and do everything. You are going tonneed to learn how to drive a boat and scavenge in my place. Yeah,nit'll be dangerous, but you'll be fine once you overcome your klutzynside.\" She managed a slight smile. Roddy wasn't working outnhow to drive a boat. He was thinking of a way to stay home and worknwith a trading company. He could work from home, it would be easiernon him and Rita. Then she wouldn't have to do everything by herself.nHe was guessing that this would be better for the little ones, havingntheir sister care for them, and her friend helping her. That would beneasier than scavenging on his own, with a bunch of henchrats on hisntail. \"Well, Rita, I wasnthinking I could work from home. That way I could help you with thenlittle kids. You, in my personal opinion,are a little young to bendoing ALL the motherly things. You're seventeen! You are definatelyntoo young to do it all yourself. I am going to help you. I can worknwith a trading company a few days a week, and that will keep food onnthe table and a roof over our heads, even if it leaks a little.\" Rita had to smile at hisngenerosity, offering to help her. He was very considerate. \"Roddy,\" shenchoked out as her breathing returned to the norm, \"You don'tnhave to do that.\" Roddy pushed her away anbit and looked her square in the eyes. \"It would be the rightnthing to do. Yeah, you have a little babysitting experience but notnall out mothering experience. Your dad can;t help you, cuz he's anlittle stiff right now.\" Ha, a little stiff...nhey, that's funny... Rita leaned back into himnand he held her a litle bit longer. Then she pulled away and wipednher eyes. She took a deep breath, relaxed herself, and exhaled. Itnwas a stress treatment her mum used when she was in over her head,nworkwise. Amazing, so THAT'S how she put upnwith me when I was younger. The situation becamenbrighter as Rita worked out the remainder of her life. She knew angirl who babysitted for an official living. She could hire her andnpay her a pound or two a month. That would save Rita's career, asnwell as her first mate's job to assist her. If that worked, thenbabysitter could be a live in guest, like Roddy. But Roddy would havenhis own room by then. Then the Malones could pay the girl and shencould buy an airbed, wall divider, and everything else she needed tonmake part of the living room her home. Rita wiped her eyes againnand took another deep breath. She could remember when a street ofnPicadilly had frozen over. It was a freezing cold day in the sewers,nand an even colder day up top. The family had gonenskating, and Rita kept falling and accidently fell on Jojo, and ancrack formed in the ice. Rita had almost fallen in, but her dad hadnsaved her. This had happened when she was ten years old. Gees,nRi, that was random. I have never been random! Well, not never... By now evening was rapidlynaproaching, and the moonlight sparkled on the untouched ice outside.nThe two decided to go moonlight ice skating, and it was very cold butnromantic looking outside. It would be like figure skating on anbeautifully lit rink, like Roddy had done back in Kensington. Henwould pull out a pan of ice and skate, beautifully, on the sturdynice. He could show Rita how to skate! He could turn her into annofficial, 'S8TER GIRL'. \"Ri, let's go icenskating. The ice is slightly wet and perfect for pulling doubles andnstuff like that.[Chapter 2] Flushed Away: the secondnchapter to the other one. I know I already postednthis, but I am gonna sum it all up in case someone didn't read thenfirst chapter. (I dono who would be dumb enough not to read the firstnchapter, though...) Roddy and Rita have a funnfilled, heart warming celebration with Rita's family after the worldncup, and Roddy goes out looking for clothing the next day and Ritangoes to look for him and the two have lunch together. They have to gonhome because Rita gets an urgent call from her dad. Rita goes home tonfind her mum being loaded into an ambulance. After much crying andnhaving fallen asleep on Roddy's shoulder, Roddy calls the hospital tonget an update. Mrs. Malone had died. Rita woke up and emerged fromnher room with a tearstained face and Roddy tells her softly. Shenfalls into his arms and he holds her. She feels secure and closes herneyes in sadness and contentment. The two decide to go ice skatingnsince Rita won't be able to sleep later. Rita ran into her room tongrab her gear. As she grabbed a white sweater, something sparked annemerald tint. She knew what it was. It was her old skating outfit.nShe wore it in her long program, which was covered by the sewernversion of ESPN Skating Network. She had won a silver, bronze, andntwo gold medals in her junior level campaign. She wasnted to go tonnationals, but had to give it up when her dad got hurt. Not a daynwent by that she wanted to do it again. She slowly pulled thenthing out, and looked it over. It was beautiful. Mettalic, glitterynstars were on the nylon sleeves and all down the low cut neck. Thenskirt was short, but tights made up for it being short. Not tonmention her stunts and routines. Her practice sessions before hernpreformances were just a taste of what was to come. She slipped it on and putnher sweats and sweater on over it. She grabbed her skates and spedndown the stairs and flopped her duffel bag on the couch. She did thisnbecause she was going to grab a thermos and put something hot tondrink and water bottles in a sack and stuff that in along with thenblanket and legwamers she had in there. She put it all in a sacknhastily and stuffed it on the duffel bag quickly. Then she rannoutside to find Roddy waiting. The two grabbed their bagas and ran tonthe ice wave. When they got there, Ritanslipped and slid over behind a wave of ice and put on her emeraldngreen outfit. It matched her eyes perfectly. She put the boot covors,nemerald green also, over her skates. She then emerged from hern\"dressing room\" and she seemed to cast a luminous glow onnthe uncarved ice before her. Roddy was practicing a sitspin but sawnher and lost his balence and was sent skidding across the ice. Henseemed affected by the sight of her in her thousand watt green outfitnand her thousand watt green eyes in perfect match. She skated over tonthe MP3 player she brought and chose her song. It was called,n\"Breathe\" by the human Michelle Branch. I've been driving fornan hour,[Chapter 3] Tell, me, Just what you want me to be, One kiss, and boom, you're the only one for me. So please tell me why, you dont come around no more, Cuz right now Im cryin' outside the door of the candy store, It just takes a litlte bit of this, a little bit of that, It started with a kiss, now we're up to bat, A little bit of laughs, a little bit of pain, I'm telling you, my babe, it's all in the game of love. --Is, Whatever you make it out, to be. Sunshine, instead of this cold, lonely, sea. So please gimme a try, and you'll see what I'm good for, It ain't saying goodbye, it knockin' down the door, of your candy store, it just takes a litle bit of this, a little bit of that, it started with a kiss, now we're up to bat, a little bit of laughs, a little bit of pain, I'm telling you, my babe, it's all in the game of love. Rita pulled several pefect moves on the skates. She had a perfect trademark move at the end, called \"Ri's rocket re-entry\". She rapidly picked up speed on the wave's rink, ad pulled a series of doubles, and finished them off with a powerful triple axle. She pushed off the ice with her toepick, and one, two, three turns were completed before Rita's perfect landing. Then came the memorable part. Her trademark move of her trademark move. She picked up even more speed, and jumped higher than Roddy thought was possible with skates. Rita pulled herself into a sitspin postion while in midair, and didn't wobble a bit when she landed. She spun faster than Roddy was able to. Red was at the top of the blur, sitting on top of a green bell, Rita's dress. Then there was a white band, outstretched. She slowed down and got up. Roddy just sat on the blanket, mouth gaping. Rita skated over to the cooler and grabbed a bottle of water. She drank half of it and said to Roddy, \"So, what did you think? The network sectionals called me, \"Icey Green Queen: She's made of ice covered nails\".I didn't like the name as much as the description, but still, \"She's made of ice covered nails\"!\" Rita overemphasised her skating afterstatement, and started to fall. Roddy jumped up on his skates and caught her. The two laughed, and they stopped as their eyes locked. Roddy found himself moving toward Rita, who found herself doing the same. Soon enough, their lips met, and Rita placed her arms about his neck, while Roddy put his arms on her back, each pulling the other closer. A small shadow lurked behind the waves, watching to romantic, but odd sight. A male in sweatpants and a sweater kissing a female in a competitive figure skating outfit. It was Jojo, Rita's oldest little sister. She had a tearstained face, but grinned as she saw the romantic sight. She scurried back home to go tell her sisters.[Chapter 4] Jojo Malone may have justnlost her mother, but that didn't stop her from being giggly aboutnRita with her sisters. Annie, Jojo, Jenna, and a few others had madena little fort out of sheets and pillows, and were all psyched aboutnthe real romance Roddy and Rita were in. Every once in a while one ofnthe girls would ger up and look out the window to see Rita or Roddyndoing a trick and landing it or in Roddy's case, spazzing out andnfalling on his butt. Then the girls would see Rita help him up. Thengirls would jump up and down excitedly, squeaking and then scramblingnunder the fort when Rita saw movement and looked at the window, justnto see nothing. The girls did this for hours. One time they almostngot caught when Rita came in to get more water and cocoa and anothernblanket. She walked out and the girls looked at each other and went,n\"Oh my gosh! That was way too close!\" and would get allngiggly and excited again. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Rita was getting chilly,nso she curled up in a blanket and put her boots back on. Hernsweatpants seemed like a good idea now. \"I'll be right back,nRoddy. I'm going to go back to the house to change into my sweats.nThen I'll come back and nail some more triples. I haven't had thisnmuch fun since I quit nationals.\" Roddy nodded. \"Alright.nI'm going to try your trademark move, the rocket reentry, or whatevernyou call it.\" Rita ran to the house andnwent into the bathroom. She took off her skating outfit and slippednher sweats on. She looked at herself in the mirror. Her face was red,nbut she was smiling her skater smile. She hadn't done that for aboutna year now. She felt wonderful. A year without a single try onnskates had accumulated into another wave of guilt for notnreinstating. She could take the title she had earned and continue innher reign. Wait a second! She had just suffered her mother's death! nHow could she be so selfish for thinking about reinstatementnpossibilities? Rita went to check on hernsisters. She heard a quiet, but excited buzz coming from inside. Shenopened the door to find the girls staring out the window. They lookednat her like they were busted. \"Oh, Rita! I didn'tnknow you could skate like that! Or that you had that outfit!\"nJenna squeaked out of excited-being. She wasn't fast enough to covernher mouth before she exclaimed, \"You kissed Roddy!\" herneyes got big and round and her mouth was pinned shut with her hands.nWhen she said this, the other girls grabbed their sheets and pilowsnand settled into bed, frightened by what they thought Rita might say.nJojo mouthed something to Jenna. Something like, 'You're so busted!'. Rita was shaken by thenthought of her siblings watching her and Roddy skate in thenmoonlight, the ice sparkling green from Rita's outfit. She had tonadmit, she looked pretty. \"Ok, so you caughtnme. I have something I want to tell you. Since you saw what wemwerendoing out there, I should get giggly about it with you, but only forna while. Wait a second, how about you coem and skate with us?\"nThe girls' eyes widened and they all whispered, \"Let's go!\"nand got into their warm clothes. They grabbed everything Rita hadngrabbed. Sweatpants, short skirts, tops, and tights. Rita laughed asnshe saw them trying on stuff that looked like skating outfits.nSuddenly Rita had an idea. Her dad was at the morgue, and he had beennthin like Roddy once, about the same height, too. Rita raced into hernparents' room, and nearly started crying. The whole room smelled likenher mum's perfume, but Rita shook it off and went to her dad'sncloset, avoiding her mum's side. She found something Roddy couldnwear, and it looked like a skating outfit. She grabed it and went outnof the room. She returned to hernsisters' room and found them stuffing their things into their duffelnbags. They grabbed them and lined up at the door, waiting to get outnand onto the ice. Rita let them through, and they quietly trekkedndown the stairs. Rita grabbed her own duffel bag and led them to thenwave. She called over to Roddy, who skated over and saw the littlenones behind her. \"Are they going tonskate with us? If so, that's great!\" He stated. He was surprisednwhen Rita handed him her dad's outfit. \"Here, put this on.nYou can change behind that wave, while we wait out here, practicing.nThen we'll change into our skating outfits.\" she said. She gavenhim a sweet look, and he couldn't resist it when she did that. He didnso. Rita was teaching Jojo hownto do a double when Roddy emerged. He looked handsome, more so thannusual. She called all the girls together to come change. Rita slippedninto her tights and dress, then helped Annie into her fringed skirtnand top with netting. All the girls had the same outfit but each wasna different color. Mimi had purple, Jenna had sappire, Jojo had red,nAmanda had white, Cloe had black and Sacha had silver. They emergednin tights and skates, and all looked beautiful. Roddy skated over tonthe MP3 player in his emerald green outfit, which was the same colornas Rita's, and chose \"One of these days\" by the humannMichele Branch. I didn't notice, but Indidn't care. I tried being honest,nthe path led me nowhere. I watched the station,nsaw the bus oulling through, and write on myself, anproblem with fifth view. And one of thesendays...I wont be afraid I'll stand with you... I hope and I pray,nwaiting to find a way back to you, Cuz that's where I'mnwhole, oh, what would you do if Incould have you, even if I couldn't. I let you feel all youncould get... Roddy skated with Rita,nwho was beaming. She had found her way back to a real relationship.nRoddy was her prince. Their eyes locked once more, and they kissednonce more. The girls stopped skating to watch the two. They werenmeant to be, Ok, people. There younhave chapter four. The next chapter of An explosive find will be upnin a few days of so. Patience! Have some treats! (points to a tablenwiht loads of junk food all of you need like a hole in the head)(no,ni am not calling you fat. dont get offended.):D )[Chapter 5] Rita and the girls, plusnRoddy, were all chilly, so they went inside. Rita and Roddy stayednbehind, because Rita stopped suddenly. She had a feeling. A strangenfeeling. She felt ready for marriage. And to someone she nevernexpected to fall in love with. Roddy, of all people, or rats,nactually. She saw him in his thinking postion. Body frozen with tailntwitching like mad. She was suddenly bubbling inside. Was henconsidering marriage? Oh, she hoped so. She needed to melt this pentnup excitement quick, so she did a perfect, powerful triple axle. One,ntwo, three, FOUR turns before landing. She thought and was told thatnwas impossible. \"Well, knowing thatnyou're ready to marry and thinking that the mouse you want to marrynis considering the event may lead you to finish the impossible.\"nshe decided. She covered her mouth quickly. That wasn't supposed tonbe audible. She was a few feet from Roddy, but he looked like he wasnstill thinking, so she let out a sigh of relief. She went and pickednup her duffel bag and took out her boots. She took off her skates andnreplaced them with her boots. She then tapped Roddy on the shouldernand scared him. \"Let's go.\" Roddy walked next to Rita,nand he was still in his thoughts. He felt ready to propose to Rita.nWhen Mr. Malone came home later, he would comfort Mr. Malone andnoffer him a cup of coffee. Then he would ask permission to propose. Just as he worked thisnout, in rolled a stiff, red faced Mr. Malone. Roddy walked up to himnand gave him his most sincere, \"I'm sorry about your loss, sir.\" Mr. Malone managed a smilenand a \"Thank you. Kitchen.\" Roddy followed the old ratninto the kitchen. He made some coffee and sat down next to Mr.nMalone. He gave him a sip of coffee and set the cup down. Henstammered as he tried to begin. Rita took off her skatingnoutfit for the last time that evening and replaced them with hernpajamas. She heard her dad's voice and went to go downstairs and givenhim a hug. She then heard Roddy's apology and stammering. Shensilently lay down on her stomach, listening to their conversationnlike a child eavesdropping on her parent's wrapping her Christmasnpresents. She scurried into her room and grabbed a thermos of cocoa,nstill full. She sipped it while listening to the conversation below. Sir, um, gees, I don'tnknow gow to ask this...\" \"Just spit it out,nson. Don't worry if it concerns my daughter.\" Rita knew it she almostnsquealed like a little girl. \"Well, sir, I wasnwondering if I could, um, propose marriage to your daughter.\" Rita's eyed got huge. Shenwhispered to herself, \"Omygosh!Ohmygosh!Ohmygosh!\" andnwanted to jump up and down. Her emerald eyes flashed as she listenednto more. \"Marry, you mean?nWell, she does seem to feel alot for you anymore...\" Rita mouthed, \"Justnsay yes! Simply say yes!!\" \"So, I guess I'll saynyes.\" Rita sat up and went andnknocked on her little sisters' room. They told her to come in, andnshe silently opened the door and shut it behind her. She sighed. Shencouldn't hold it in anymore. Roddy's gonna ask me tonmarry him! I heard dad talking to him about it!\" Her sisters jumped up annhugged their older sister, who knelt down to their level to hug themnback. She was unable to sleep that night, but managed to sleep, fornabout four hours. Roddy had the answer, andnlay in bed, wondering how to ask her. I know! he thought. I'll takenher to a skating rink...In Monaco! She loves it there. That will benperfect. Roddy drifted off to sleep, anticipating the next day. oddy[Chapter 6] Chapter 6.1 Roddy St. James Walked tontown the next day. He had a few pounds in his pocket to buy a ringnand to fill the boat with fuel to get to Monaco. There he planned tonPropose to Rita. He walked up to the jeweler's shop. He looked at thencases of rings and was overwhelmed by the selection to choose from.nHe decided on a ring with six diamonds, and bought it. He paid thenextra fee to have his name and Rita's engraved into the inside of thenring, with a heart carved around the names. Roddy took the ring boxnand went somewhere private, and he practiced opening the box, onenhand opening it and the other holding it. A simple, \"Will younmarry me?\" should do the job. Roddy then went and boughtnfuel for the trip. Rita knew they were going to Monaco that day, andnwas buying a shirt and and pants, and was secretly looking at weddingndresses. She went to salons and looked at nail designs and hairdos.nShoestores for white heels. Jewelry for earrings and a necklace. Ifnshe was going to get married, she should be feminine, or at leastnlook like a fem. Roddy and Rita met on thenboat later that day and left for Monaco. The trip seemed to take nontime, because Rita knew what was coming. She knew of an island whichnhad beautiful scenery of the city, and would be perfect for anhoneymoon or proposal. The two hopped off the Jammy and walked ontonthe island. It was sand, and it was beautiful and had plantsninhabiting the whole smidgen of land. It looked romantic enough for anproposal. Roddy felt the ring box innhis pocket. This was the perfect time. The two were laying on thensoft, warm sands of the island. \"Close your eyes anminute, Ri.\" \"Why?\" \"Trust me, ok?\" \"Ok...\" Roddy held the ringboxnopen in front of her eyes. Open 'em.\" Rita gasped and evennthough she had expected it, and tears welled up in her emerald eyes.nRoddy said, \"Will you marry me?\" and Rita couldn't refuse. \"Yes...Yes, I will,nOh my god, I Can't believe this is happening!\" she covered hernmouth with her left hand as Roddy slipped the ring onto her rightnring finger. She was almost actually crying with joy when Theynkissed. Rita had bought a black dress earlier and wore it thatnevening in Monaco. Roddy took her to a fnacy restauraunt and got anprivate booth. She was still recovering from the sudden askingnearlier. She looked beautiful, and she had a pair of earrings hernsister had given her to wear. She was stunning. After a perfectndinner, the two danced, and Rita was good at it because of hr skatingnyears. Roddy felt as if a great weight had been lifted off his chest. The next day, Rita visitednher family in Monaco. Her aunt and uncle hugged Rita when they sawnher, and her cousins the same age hugged her. Roddy was happy to seenher smiling her fabulous, perfect smile. Rita told about thenproposal, and invited her aunt and uncle to Piccadilly to help hernfind a dress and stuff. Her aunt and female cousins would help hernwith that, while her uncle and male cousins helped Roddy. 6 MONTHS LATER Rita was helped as she putnher wedding dress on. It was white, and was form fitting. The skirtnwas bell shaped, and ivory colored. Her shoes were cork an the solenand white shiny stuff for straps. Her veil was sheer ivory, andnRita's hair was down, and it had been curled. She also had a bit ofnblush on and thick mascara. her eyes stood out. She looked gorgeous.nSuddenly, an organ began to play the wedding march. It was time tonwalk the aisle! The doors were opened, andnbridesmaids walked out. followed by parents, family, and then thenbride. Rita was magnificent. She walked up to the podium elegantly,nand took her place next to Roddy, who looked handsome. She took hisnhand and whispered the two most trusting words a person can say tonanyone. She said, \"I do.\" He said, \"I do.\" \"You may kiss thenbride. Roddy lifted the veil and kissed Rita. He opened an eye tonmake sure it was Rita, and not a fat bride. It was Rita, restnassured. The two ran out of the church, and into a beautiful boatnwhich had a chaffeur. Roddy and Rita sat in the back, and Ritanremoved her veil and train. They reached the reception place and hadna wonderful time. Her father even bought them a house to live in!nRita hugged her dad and cried into his ear, \"Thank you.\" Next: Chapter seven:nRita finds out she's preganant and how will Roddy respond to thisnnews? Reviews equal more story, ya know.[Chapter 7] Chapter Seven Rita woke up feeling sick.nShe had been like this in the mornings for three weeks now. Whatngives? She ran to the bathroom and knelt in front of the toilet. \"Ugh, stomach, decidennow! Hurry up and let me throw up!\" she growled. She wondered ifnsomething was wrong with her. Wait a second. Sickness in the morningnwas a sign of pregnancy. Could it be? She had anpregnancy test in the cuboard just for handy, and took it. It saidnpositive! Rita's face turned to a grin, and immediately fell. Hownwould she tell her husband? She snuck into the bedroomnand got ready to make an attempt to wake Roddy. It was already ten innthe morning. She shook him gently. \"Rodders, wake up.nIt's later than you need to sleep.\" Roddy might be married tonRita now, but nothing would change his grumpy mood in the mornings.nUntil this morning. \"Hmm...fivemoreminutes...\"nhe mumbled. Rita played another card.n\"I made your favorite. Pancakes with blueberries!\" shensaid. \"You know I like tonsleep till ten twenty five, Rita...\" Rita played her final,nwinning card. \"I have some really good news. But you need toncome downstairs to hear it. You need to hear it. If i don't tell you,nYou'll forget and see why I wanted to tell you in, NINE MONTHS!\"nShe then went downstairs. She emphasised the nine months part, sonhopefully he would come downstairs. She sang her favorite song. \"Of you want to, Incan save you, I can take you, away from here! So lonely inside, so busynout there, and all you wanted, was sombody who cared...\". Rita sang a little loud,nbut it was still pretty. She was happier than she had been in a longntime. Roddy came downstairs in his bathrobe, with the R only in blue.nRita's was black. She turned away from the stove and saw her husband.nHe looked concerned. Had she overcome his grumpy mood? \"Rita, you said ninenmonths...and that's the estimated time of pregnancy...Is it true?\" Rita smiled her skaternsmile and nodded as she walked over to her husband. She took hisnhand. \"I made an appointment with a doctor to find out thengender and number.\" she said. \"Are you going tongo?\" Roddy nodded. \"Yeah,nI'll go. I'm going to get dressed. Then I'll start the Jammy. Younshould take it easy.\" Rita laughed. \"I'venbeen pregnant for three weeks, Rodd. I can still be agile. In aboutnthree months is when I can't drive anymore. Until then, treat mennormaly, ok?\" she gave him a kiss on the chek and walkednupstairs to get dressed. She dressed in her normal wardrobe, but thentop was a little tighter. She was already getting thicker. \"Ugh, this is gonnanbe harder than I thought.\" she grumbled. At the doctor, she wasnjumpy and jittery. It was the smell she hated: The smell of doctor'snoffice cleaner. It creeped her out. \"Rita St. James? Thendoctor will see you now.\" A nurse called. Rita stood up andnshook a little bit. She walked into the examination room and shakilynsat on the table. The female doctor walked in and shut the door. \"Rita Malone?\" \"Hannah Kandger?\" \"I didn't know younwere married!\" I didn't know you were andoctor! Ok, enough with chatting. The testing, Hannah.\" \"What kind of test,nagain?\" \"Baby gender andnnumber test.\" Ok. You're pregnant? Goodnfor you! Let me give you the test.\" After the test was given,nHannah walked back in with the results. \"Rita, Roddy, innabout nine months you will be the proud parents of three girls andntwo boys.\" Rita wasn't surprised, butnRoddy was. \"Five? I thought that two would be a handful, butnfive??\" Rita put a hand on hernhusband's arm and led him to sit. \"It's fine. We'll be fine,nRodders.\" 8.5 MONTHS LATER Rita walked downstairs andnlet out a soft, Oh!\" Roddy got up off the couchnand ran, literally, to her. \"What's wrong? Are you in labor?nShould I call the hospital?\" he sounded worried. Rita laughed. \"No,nI'm fine. They're just kicking. They take me by surprise, so that'snwhy I say, 'Oh!', not because I'm in labor. If you hear a panickednOh, then you ask the questions, ok?\" She kissed her husband andnlooked in his eyes. \"OK?\" Roddy relaxed and sat backnon the couch. He flipped on the TV and watched The X Files from Upntop, in America. Rita sat down next to him and crossed her armsnacross her huge stomach. They watched the episode,n\"Tooms\" where a human man was a serial killer, and he wasnable to hibernate for thirty years and wake every thirty years andnhad to kill five people to live. When he was around other humans, henwas normal. He had a job in animal control, and he was getting backninto his truck to go pick up other dead animals. He needed one morenperson. As he got into his truck, he saw a woman and he ws going tonkill her to finish this year's cycle. His eyes turned yellow and henbegan to walk towards her. Everything on the screen turned black andnwhite except for her. Suddenly a suit stepped in the way. It was FoxnMulder, and he looked up at him. Mulder said, \"Excusenme, but can you help me find my dog? He's a Norwegian Elkhound, hisnname's HeinRick, AND I USE HIM TO HUNT MOOSE!\" The serial killernwalked away and got into his truck as Mulder said this and sped away. Rita and Roddy laughednwhen he said, \"I use him to hunt moose!\" Rita found itnhysterical, and both jumped when the timer went off. Rita went tonfinish making lunch. THIRTY DAYS LATER Rita awoke in the middlenof the night, a tightening in her stomach. She was beginning labor,nshe knew it! She felt a tang of pain and panick as she shook Roddynawake. \"Roddy, Call my Aunt.nShe's still here, so call her and not the hospital. The hospitalnwould have to clear a room, and you know how long that takes. Callnher Rodders!!!\" She clutched her stomach as she spoke. Roddynshot up out of bed and down the stairs and called her aunt. \"I'm on my way!\"nshe said into the phone. Sure enough, a few minutesnlater Rita's aunt was there, and jumped off her boat and shot intonthe house. She ran up the stairs and into the bedroom. She ran intonthe hallway and grabed towels and everything she needed to delivernall five of them safely. She helped Rita regulate her breathing, andntold her that it was ok to scream if she needed to. Roddy waited downstairs innthe living room, holding a coffee cup and a few peanuts. He grimacednwhen Rita screamed. He tried to sleep but couldn't stop worryingnabout Rita. he screamed off and on for hours, and then silence. Hadnshe died? Her aunt happily came to the stairwell. \"Roddy, You're a dadnof three girls and two boys, and the husband of a perfectly finenRita.\" Roddy jumped up and slowlynwent upstairs. It was sinking in. He was a father of five. Names!nNah, worry about that later. Rita was holding all fivenof them as Roddy came in. Her face was tearstained, with tears ofnpain, and the babies slept peacefully as they leaned against theirnmother. She looked up at him happily as he walked over to the bed.nShe kissed him and handed him a daughter of his and a son. \"I haven't named themnyet, but I want to name this one Cloe, after my sister, and that onenLiam, after my brother. I promised him I would name one after him.\" Roddy nodded in approvalnof the names. \"Liam won't be as annoying as his uncle, right?\"nhe asked with a worried look on his face. Rita sighed with a smile.n\"No, he won't be, and I'll make sure to disciplne them betternthan my siblings are. You name the rest of them. Two girls and onenboy.\" Roddy thought. \"Thengirls' names will be Tabitha and Sacha, and the boy's name willnbe...John.\" \"Put it on the birthncertificate. It's official.\"[Chapter 8] Ritanredied the Jammy Dodger Mark II while her triplet daughters rannaround, grabbing thier school supplies and lunches as fast as theyncould. They were also fixing their hair and stuff plus the fact thatnSacha had lost a pad of paper and her binder already. \"Tabitha,nplease tell mom I found my binder and paper, will you?\" \"Yeah,nsure, whatever. MOM! SACHA FOUND HER BINDER AND PAPER!\" Tabithanreluctantly called out her bedroom window. \"Ok,nTabitha. Tell yourself and the others to hurry up! You're gonna benlate for the first day of school if you don't get moving faster!\"nRita called back. She went back to her work, dusting the cockpit andncleaning the goggles in front. Cloe,nthe firstborn of the three, was silently gathering her things andnputting them in her backpack. She had ice skating class and soccernpractice today, so she grabbed her skates, cleats, and practicenuniform and outfit. She stuffed them in her small, locker sizednduffel bag and walked dpwnstairs to brush her firey red hair and putnit in a ponytail. She was a smaller version of Rita, thousand wattngreen eyes and all. She liked Union Jack pattern, and she had an MP3nplayer in Union Jack pattern. She was wearing a bell-bottomed pair ofnpants with Union Jack peeking out of the pockets, and a slightlyntight lime green top to go with it. She was wearing a pair of UnionnJack flats, and her backpack was spotted with Union Jack as well. Shenwas the first to grab her lunch and head out the door. She was veryntalkative, and a bit sassy, just like her mom. She walked onto thendock and onto the boat. Her brothers, John and Liam, were talkingnabout the language teacher, Mrs. Meyers, who had a huge, savagenlooking and wrinkley mouth. She was mean. Meaner than the othernlanguage teachers in Picadilly High. Cloe shivered at the thought ofnhaving to deal with her all year again. Last year was bad enough. Cloenwalked onto the boat and set her backpack on the deck. She was Jr.nHigh school aged, 13. She hated Jr. High because even though she wasna regular student. She wore the right clothes, was steady in herngrades all except for math, which she tried at but couldn't get. Shenalso was involved in the right sports and extracurricular classes,nlike ice skating, yearbook and soccer, but just didn't fit in. Was itnCloe's red hair? No, everyone wanted red hair at PHS. Was it hernbillion watt emerald eyes? Maybe. They were a deeper hue than hernmother's eyes, which were perfect for her and could burn a hole innsteel. She sat down on the back of the boat and hung her head innwonder. Ritanwas dusting the cockpit when she saw Cloe get onboard. She also sawnthe girl hang her head. She cocked her own head and set down thenduster. Rita walked over and got down at Cloe's level and lifted upnher chin. \"What'snwrong, Clo? Aren't you excited about the first day of school? Yournsiblings sure are.\" Rita remembered her first day of Jr. High.nShe loved it. She was the only tomboy in her class, and she likednstanding out. Apparently her daughter didn't. \"No,nMom. I'm not. Ever since first grade, kindergarten, even, I haven'tnfit in. I'm afraid Jr. High is gonna be the same. I'm scared thisnyear, Mom. SCARED!\" Rita saw a big teardrop roll down herndaughter's cheek and her mascara smear. Rita smiled sadly and huggednCloe. She could hear Cloe sniff a few times and pushed her daughternaway. Her mascara was in a blob now. \"Here,nuse my face wash and wash your mascara off. Then you can put on somenmore. Ok? Take the bottle with you to school, just in case. Take yournmascara and a washrag, too, ok?\" Cloennodded and went inside. Rita watched her go and thought about hownmuch Cloe reminded Rita of herself. The only difference was that shenwas sad, and scared. She felt a bit sympathetic and felt a few tearsnwell up. She was sick again, Oh, great. She walked swiftly inside andnwent into the bathroom and shut the door. She threw up and breathed anfew deep breaths. She was fine now. She brushed her teeth and washednher face, just to be safe. Maybe...could she be pregnant again? Shenfelt a bit happy and whipped out her pregnancy test. Positive! Ritansighed and smiled. Her life was gonna take a bit more work here innnot too long a time. She strutted over to the stairs and called up tonher two other daughters, Tabitha and Sacha. \"Girls!nCloe's ready already! Get your rears in gear and come on or not tvnfor two weeks!\" That was one thing that brought them down in anheartbeat-threatening to take away thier tv privileges. Instantly thengirls were fighting to get down the stairs first, and Sacha won. Shengrabbed her lunchbag and shot out the door and onto the Dodger.nTabitha jumped on and sat down on the sunken seats. That was the coolnnew addittion to her paren't upgrade to the boat. Seats and notnhaving to sit on the floor. Ritanpicked up Tabitha's lunch off the table. The girl had forgotten it.nShe did every year. Rita shook her head and hoped that that wouldn'tnhappen very often this year. Tabitha was a skinny little thing, andnwas underweight. She needed to eat more than vegetables, but wouldnnot eat anything meatlike, not even tofu. (I don't blame her, tofu'snnasty!) Rita walked out the door and saw her two younger daughters,nSacha and Tabitha sitting in thier seats and giggling aboutnsomething. Rita think she knew what it was. A boy at school namednTaylor Campbell. Everytime he walked by the girls sighed in a wayngirls only did about a boy. Rita also saw her sons talking about angirl, Garnet Willows, who went to school there, and Cloe, sitting innthe back, holding her compact mirror to check her mascara. She wasn'tntalking to anyone because she was scared and afraid of being lonely.nRita couldn't fathom how her oldest daughter felt. She rememberednsomething. Roddy! He was still getting dressed! She shot off the boatnand into the house. She knocked on thier bedroom door. \"Roddy!nWe're all ready! Hurry up or you're gonna miss work!\" she yellednthrough the door. \"Just-ansecond! My shirt got caught in the bedpost! I'll be a minute, Ri!\" \"Here,nI'll come help you. I have some news, too.\" Rita walked in andnalmost laughed. Roddy was using a fork to get his shirt out. Shenshook her head happily and walked over to help him. She pulled thenshirt out immediately. She threw it at him after she got it out. Henpulled it off his face and aked her. \"So, what's the news?\" \"Roddy,nanother batch is on the way.\" she looked down shyly. Why was shenso shy about telling her husband something like this? She had beennmaried to him almost fourteen years already! Roddynlifted her head and looked into her eyes. Whenever she was joking ornunserious, she had an almost cute look behind her green eyes. Itnwasn't there. Instead, a shy, attractive look hid behind her eyes.nShe was serious. He stood up straight and sat down. He hoped it wasngoing to be just one or two. He didn't want to raise another group ofnfive. THAT, even his wife had to admit, got a bit out of hand atntimes. 8.75nMONTHS LATER Ritanslowly made her way downstairs. She was going to be giving birth tontwo, a boy and a girl. She hadn't thought of names yet, but thatnwould be changed in a couple of weeks. She sat down on the couch andnlet her head hang back. Sometimes she'd rather be dead than be thisnhuge. She was massive, but if anyone pointed that out, they werenswimming to school or work or getting creamed with a pillownplayfully. She was fiestier than her last pregnancy. She was testy,nand grumpy if you woke her up a second too early, but she was at thennd of her pregnancy and was eager to get it over with. 15nDAYS LATER Ritanwas beginning to worry. She was over a week and a half overdue, andnthe kicking was becoming more vigorous. It hurt at times. She wouldnlay in bed at night and wonder if she was going to be ok. 5nDAYS LATER Roddynwoke to a desperate breathing noise. Rita was sitting up in bed,ngrimacing. She was in labor. He got up and called the hospital. THeynhad an empty room and they reserved it. He got am ambulance and itnarrived a few minutes later. Rita was breathing shallowly and did notnhave a normal pulse. The EMTs did a few quick tests on her and shenwas going to be fine. They got to the hospital and Roddy was outnbefore the boat even began to slow. He realised what his adreanlinenhad made him do and was astonished. \"Rita,nyou're gonna be fine. You'll be fine,\" Roddy told her saidnthrough fearful tears. The EMTs pushed her down the hall to thenmaternity ward. He followed, and was showed to a waiting room rightnby her room door. He shed a few tears when he heard her scream. Henwas afraid that every scream she emitted would be her last. A birthndoctor opened te door and walked out. As he shut the door he heardnRita yell, RODDY! and this brought tears to his eyes. The doctornpulled a chair across from Roddy and sat down. \"Mr.nSt. James? We are going to need to do a C-section to get the twinsnout. Rita's in pain, but she's fine. Do you approve?\" the femalendoctor asked. Roddynlooked at the floor and sighed as he thought about it. \"Yes. Donit. She wants these twins badly.\" Anfew hours later, in the darkest hour of the morning, Rita gave birthnto two healthy twins. A girl and a boy. She named one Roderick,n(Rita Malone that's for you) and she selflessly named the othernRoxxi. Roxxi looked exactly like her mother, and Roderick lookednexsactly like his father. Roddy was happy that he had two new kids tonraise and teach for another seventeen, eighteen years. His family wasntotally complete. Nonworries, the stories' not over yet.[Chapter 9] \"Tell me, just whatnyou want me, to be. One kiss, and boom you'renthe only one for me. So please tell me why why,nyou don't come around no more, Cuz right now I'm cryin',noutside the door, of the candy store, It just takes a little bitnof this, a little bit if that, it started with a kiss and now we'renup to bat. A little bit of laughs, anlittle bit of pain, I'm tellin' you my babe, it's all in the game ofnlove.\" Cloe sang the soprano partnin the band she was in with her friends perfectly. She kept findingnherself glancing over toward Taylor Huess, a boy on which she wasncrushing. She would see him and immeditaely fix her eyes on the backnwall. She had been told in vocals class to sing to the wall, whichnwas far away. She tried to sing louder, but she was shy about hernvoice and her microphone was just turned up louder than the othernsingers. She had a magnificent voice and was scheduled to do a solonlater in the concert. She was only shy about her voice, not singingnin front of an audience. The song was over and the band walkednoffstage and into the Green room. She saw Taylor walking herndirection and desperately grabbed a cup of water. She tried to looknbusy, but she couldn't fake that well. Taylor called her name andnshe about had butterflies. He had dark hair like her dad's and brownneyes like his mother's. She had big, beautiful brown eyes. \"Cloe, I just wantednto tell you that you have a really great voice, and, um, well,\"nhe looked around nervously. \"I need to ask you something innprivate.\" The two walked into the backstage hallway and Cloenlistened as he stammered and tried to get something out. \"Ok, I'm just gonnansay this. Cloe, um would you go out with me?\" he askednnervously. Cloe's heart skipped a fewnbeats. Taylor Huess, the most popular boy in school, was asking CloenSt. James, a common lowling out on a date? \"Well, yeah, but whynwould a popular boy like you ask a commoner like me out? My fmailynhas eleven people in it and everything is hectic, while you have fournpeople in your family, and ONE brother. I have three brothers andnfour sisters. You only have one brother and your family is peacefulnand well inside the norm. Mine is, like, billions of miles fromnnormality. But yeah, I'll go out with you. When?\" \"Tomorrow, seven atnthe fancy restauraunt in Chinatown?\" he suggested. \"Great! I'll put itnin my planner. I definitely have time after I finish the littlenoverdue homework.\" she replied happily. It was the band's turnnto go onstage again. The announcer introduced them again. \"Please welcome, CloenSt. James and Taylor Huess. Gees, can these kids sing. But, Cloe isngoing solo and Taylor and the others are just doing to music. Here'snCLOE!\" Cloe, Taylor, Yasmin,nCami, Hunter, Connor and Jennessa walked onstage and took theirnplaces at drums, guitars, electric pianos and mikes. Cloe turned awaynfrom the microphone and cleared her throat. The music began and shenbegan to sing. \"I wanted, to be likenyou! I wanted everything. So i tried, to be likenyou! and I got swept away. I didn't know that, it wasnso cold and, you needed someone to show you the way. If you want to, I can savenyou, I can take you, away from here! So lonely inside, su busynout there. and all you wanted was somebody who cared. I;m sinking slowly, sonhurry hold me! You hand is all I have, to keep me hangin' on, Please can you tell me, sonI can finally see, where you go when you're gone.\" The song kept going and itnwas perfectlytched with Cloe's voice. She felt better than she had inna long time. This was the best day ever! Taylor asked her out, andnnow she was doing great in her solo. Her parents were there with herneight siblings. She saw her mom and dad and smiled happily. She wasngoing to go to a celebration party for their first performance afternthe concert. This was gonna be a good day. And so was the next day! Anday of pampering and beauty awaited her. Her first date should benperfect. The song ended, andneveryone clapped loudly. She turned a shade of red that wasn't on thencolor pallete. She bowed and turned around to lookat Taylor. He wasnclapping, and so was Connor, her best friend. They had tried to datenbefore, but it didn't work. They were relly good friends, even ifntheir genders were different. Whoever said your BFF coulcn't be anboy? The band walked backstagenand Cloe ran to her mom. She gave her a hug. Rita pushed her away andnlooked her in the eye. \"You voice is better than mine, so keepnit up! I am so proud of you, Cloe!\" Roddy joined his wife andndaughter and hugged them both. \"Cloe is one of the best singersnI know now.\" Taylor came around and knelt next to her. \"Mr. St. James, sir?nI want to ask you a question. Um, could I, well, ask your daughternout?\" Roddy knew Taylor's fathernand approved. Cloe's face lit up, brighter than it already was. Shenlooked at Taylor and said, \"Tommorow. A movie and dinner. I'llnpay.\" Taylor knew not to argue with her after she had made upnher mind. She was just like Rita. Determined and strong. The next night, Cloe hadnher sisters help her do her hair, makeup and everything innpreperation for her date with Taylor Huess. Finally, her sisters werenfinished giving he the perfect hairstyle and makeover, and turned hernchair around to face the mirror. Cloe gasped in astonishment. Was shenstill Cloe St. James, the firstborn daughter of Roddy St. James, thenrat who saved ratkind? She didn't look like it. Her eyes were linednperfectly and her mascara was done absolutely picture perfect. Hernlips were a subtle pink and her cheeks were a bit rosy from the blushnthey had used. She was perfect. She carefully slipped on her dress,nblack, short and sparkly, absolutely adorable, and slowly picked upnher purse. She placed her cell phone, clear lip gloss, kleenex, and anbottle of mascara and a travel size thing of facial cleaner. She wasnready. She made sure everything was perfect and sat down. A doorbellnring startled her and she jumped. She heard her father answer thendoor and spoke to an adult, not Taylor. She breathed a sigh ofnrelief. She put on her black sparkly pumps and walked downstairs. Shenwent into the kitchen and got her mother's attention. \"Clo, you'renbeautiful! Your makeup is perfect! The handiwork of your sisters?\" Cloe nodded. The doorbellnrand again and she jumped again. This time, it was Taylor. She walkednover to the door and walked out. She took his hand and he led her tonthe boat. She cast a glance behind her shoulder to her parents. Theynwere smiling, and Rita mouthed, \"Have fun!\" Cloe siled backnand mouthed, \"I will.\" She put her attention to getting onnthe boat. It was a little yaught, and she showed her to a seat. Shensat down. He sat down next to her and told the driver to head to thentheater. \"You look beautiful,nCloe. Black is your color. So is Union Jack, by the way.\" Cloe blushed. \"Thanks,nTaylor. You look good-I mean, nice, tonight. What movie are wenseeing?\" A movie film fell in thendrains from up top and it's called Surf's up. I've heard it's reallyngood. Note from the author If you haven't seennSurf's up, you should. It's funny all the way through. It'snhilarious!\" Note over Cloe and Taylor walkedninto the theater holding hands. Two tickets were given to him andnthey went into the theater. The two laughed alot, and Cloe was reallynenjoying it. She wished that rats had DVDs. Her tail touchednsomething and she gasped and jumped. She grabbed her tail and lookednto see what it had touched. It was a piece of popcorn. She almostnlaughed at herself, but just giggled when she remembered that she wasnin a theater. The movie ended and they walked out. The driver of anwater taxi took them to Chinatown. Cloe had never ben to Chinatownnbefore, and she loved it. It was very exotic, if you ignored the factnthat it was a little more grimy than Little Soho. The taxi stoppednand Taylor got out. He took her hand as she walked off. The two heldnhands until they reached the fancy Itallian restauraunt. They saw thenband, plus Cloe's enemies, waiting out front. Th two young rats triednto snaeak inside but failed. They saw them. \"Hey, Cloe, Taylor'snmine, so back off. C'mere, you hot thing, Taylor!\" a girlnswooned. He was disgusted and went over to a shocked Cloe, and tooknher hand. He looked at the girl who had swooned over him and stucknhis tongue out at her. He turned to Cloe, and took her other hand andnkissed her. The girl stared, mouth gaping. Cloe was shocked at whatnthe girl had said, but was stunned when Taylor kissed her. Shencouldn't help herself. She put her arms behind his neck, and henwrapped his arms around her midsection. It was romantic, in casensomeone can't tell. The two pulled away from each other. Taylornlooked triumphant and took Cloe's hand and led her inside. They had anprivate table in the back, candlelit and romantic. Cloe looked at thendrinks and had a glass of sparkling apple cider. Taylor had the same.nThe waitress gave them each menus and left to tend to other tables.nCloe was having a hard time deciding what to get. They bothneventually agreed on a small meal of real rice, cheese lasagna, anlittle thing of spagetti, and a plate of vegetables. The two youngnlovers-to-be enjoyed every bit of the meal together. Cloe left thenpayment and tip on the table, and she and Taylor walked up to thenledgendary \"Lover's Balcony\", rumored to be where hundredsnof couples around Piccadilly had said to have fallen truly in love.nCloe found herself feeling something for Taylor and he felt the same.nThey looked at each other and the two's eyes loced. (I know, I do anlotta eye-locking in my stories!) Their eyes locked and somethingnoverpowered them both. The two lovers now leaned toward eachother andnkissed. If anyone happened to look up on the balcony, they would seenone of the most in-love couples in Piccadilly. Chapter ten should be upnsoon. My fingers ache from typing every spare moment, so it'll take anwhile.","LastChapter":"\"Tell me, just whatnyou want me, to be. One kiss, and boom you'renthe only one for me. So please tell me why why,nyou don't come around no more, Cuz right now I'm cryin',noutside the door, of the candy store, It just takes a little bitnof this, a little bit if that, it started with a kiss and now we'renup to bat. A little bit of laughs, anlittle bit of pain, I'm tellin' you my babe, it's all in the game ofnlove.\" Cloe sang the soprano partnin the band she was in with her friends perfectly. She kept findingnherself glancing over toward Taylor Huess, a boy on which she wasncrushing. She would see him and immeditaely fix her eyes on the backnwall. She had been told in vocals class to sing to the wall, whichnwas far away. She tried to sing louder, but she was shy about hernvoice and her microphone was just turned up louder than the othernsingers. She had a magnificent voice and was scheduled to do a solonlater in the concert. She was only shy about her voice, not singingnin front of an audience. The song was over and the band walkednoffstage and into the Green room. She saw Taylor walking herndirection and desperately grabbed a cup of water. She tried to looknbusy, but she couldn't fake that well. Taylor called her name andnshe about had butterflies. He had dark hair like her dad's and brownneyes like his mother's. She had big, beautiful brown eyes. \"Cloe, I just wantednto tell you that you have a really great voice, and, um, well,\"nhe looked around nervously. \"I need to ask you something innprivate.\" The two walked into the backstage hallway and Cloenlistened as he stammered and tried to get something out. \"Ok, I'm just gonnansay this. Cloe, um would you go out with me?\" he askednnervously. Cloe's heart skipped a fewnbeats. Taylor Huess, the most popular boy in school, was asking CloenSt. James, a common lowling out on a date? \"Well, yeah, but whynwould a popular boy like you ask a commoner like me out? My fmailynhas eleven people in it and everything is hectic, while you have fournpeople in your family, and ONE brother. I have three brothers andnfour sisters. You only have one brother and your family is peacefulnand well inside the norm. Mine is, like, billions of miles fromnnormality. But yeah, I'll go out with you. When?\" \"Tomorrow, seven atnthe fancy restauraunt in Chinatown?\" he suggested. \"Great! I'll put itnin my planner. I definitely have time after I finish the littlenoverdue homework.\" she replied happily. It was the band's turnnto go onstage again. The announcer introduced them again. \"Please welcome, CloenSt. James and Taylor Huess. Gees, can these kids sing. But, Cloe isngoing solo and Taylor and the others are just doing to music. Here'snCLOE!\" Cloe, Taylor, Yasmin,nCami, Hunter, Connor and Jennessa walked onstage and took theirnplaces at drums, guitars, electric pianos and mikes. Cloe turned awaynfrom the microphone and cleared her throat. The music began and shenbegan to sing. \"I wanted, to be likenyou! I wanted everything. So i tried, to be likenyou! and I got swept away. I didn't know that, it wasnso cold and, you needed someone to show you the way. If you want to, I can savenyou, I can take you, away from here! So lonely inside, su busynout there. and all you wanted was somebody who cared. I;m sinking slowly, sonhurry hold me! You hand is all I have, to keep me hangin' on, Please can you tell me, sonI can finally see, where you go when you're gone.\" The song kept going and itnwas perfectlytched with Cloe's voice. She felt better than she had inna long time. This was the best day ever! Taylor asked her out, andnnow she was doing great in her solo. Her parents were there with herneight siblings. She saw her mom and dad and smiled happily. She wasngoing to go to a celebration party for their first performance afternthe concert. This was gonna be a good day. And so was the next day! Anday of pampering and beauty awaited her. Her first date should benperfect. The song ended, andneveryone clapped loudly. She turned a shade of red that wasn't on thencolor pallete. She bowed and turned around to lookat Taylor. He wasnclapping, and so was Connor, her best friend. They had tried to datenbefore, but it didn't work. They were relly good friends, even ifntheir genders were different. Whoever said your BFF coulcn't be anboy? The band walked backstagenand Cloe ran to her mom. She gave her a hug. Rita pushed her away andnlooked her in the eye. \"You voice is better than mine, so keepnit up! I am so proud of you, Cloe!\" Roddy joined his wife andndaughter and hugged them both. \"Cloe is one of the best singersnI know now.\" Taylor came around and knelt next to her. \"Mr. St. James, sir?nI want to ask you a question. Um, could I, well, ask your daughternout?\" Roddy knew Taylor's fathernand approved. Cloe's face lit up, brighter than it already was. Shenlooked at Taylor and said, \"Tommorow. A movie and dinner. I'llnpay.\" Taylor knew not to argue with her after she had made upnher mind. She was just like Rita. Determined and strong. The next night, Cloe hadnher sisters help her do her hair, makeup and everything innpreperation for her date with Taylor Huess. Finally, her sisters werenfinished giving he the perfect hairstyle and makeover, and turned hernchair around to face the mirror. Cloe gasped in astonishment. Was shenstill Cloe St. James, the firstborn daughter of Roddy St. James, thenrat who saved ratkind? She didn't look like it. Her eyes were linednperfectly and her mascara was done absolutely picture perfect. Hernlips were a subtle pink and her cheeks were a bit rosy from the blushnthey had used. She was perfect. She carefully slipped on her dress,nblack, short and sparkly, absolutely adorable, and slowly picked upnher purse. She placed her cell phone, clear lip gloss, kleenex, and anbottle of mascara and a travel size thing of facial cleaner. She wasnready. She made sure everything was perfect and sat down. A doorbellnring startled her and she jumped. She heard her father answer thendoor and spoke to an adult, not Taylor. She breathed a sigh ofnrelief. She put on her black sparkly pumps and walked downstairs. Shenwent into the kitchen and got her mother's attention. \"Clo, you'renbeautiful! Your makeup is perfect! The handiwork of your sisters?\" Cloe nodded. The doorbellnrand again and she jumped again. This time, it was Taylor. She walkednover to the door and walked out. She took his hand and he led her tonthe boat. She cast a glance behind her shoulder to her parents. Theynwere smiling, and Rita mouthed, \"Have fun!\" Cloe siled backnand mouthed, \"I will.\" She put her attention to getting onnthe boat. It was a little yaught, and she showed her to a seat. Shensat down. He sat down next to her and told the driver to head to thentheater. \"You look beautiful,nCloe. Black is your color. So is Union Jack, by the way.\" Cloe blushed. \"Thanks,nTaylor. You look good-I mean, nice, tonight. What movie are wenseeing?\" A movie film fell in thendrains from up top and it's called Surf's up. I've heard it's reallyngood. Note from the author If you haven't seennSurf's up, you should. It's funny all the way through. It'snhilarious!\" Note over Cloe and Taylor walkedninto the theater holding hands. Two tickets were given to him andnthey went into the theater. The two laughed alot, and Cloe was reallynenjoying it. She wished that rats had DVDs. Her tail touchednsomething and she gasped and jumped. She grabbed her tail and lookednto see what it had touched. It was a piece of popcorn. She almostnlaughed at herself, but just giggled when she remembered that she wasnin a theater. The movie ended and they walked out. The driver of anwater taxi took them to Chinatown. Cloe had never ben to Chinatownnbefore, and she loved it. It was very exotic, if you ignored the factnthat it was a little more grimy than Little Soho. The taxi stoppednand Taylor got out. He took her hand as she walked off. The two heldnhands until they reached the fancy Itallian restauraunt. They saw thenband, plus Cloe's enemies, waiting out front. Th two young rats triednto snaeak inside but failed. They saw them. \"Hey, Cloe, Taylor'snmine, so back off. C'mere, you hot thing, Taylor!\" a girlnswooned. He was disgusted and went over to a shocked Cloe, and tooknher hand. He looked at the girl who had swooned over him and stucknhis tongue out at her. He turned to Cloe, and took her other hand andnkissed her. The girl stared, mouth gaping. Cloe was shocked at whatnthe girl had said, but was stunned when Taylor kissed her. Shencouldn't help herself. She put her arms behind his neck, and henwrapped his arms around her midsection. It was romantic, in casensomeone can't tell. The two pulled away from each other. Taylornlooked triumphant and took Cloe's hand and led her inside. They had anprivate table in the back, candlelit and romantic. Cloe looked at thendrinks and had a glass of sparkling apple cider. Taylor had the same.nThe waitress gave them each menus and left to tend to other tables.nCloe was having a hard time deciding what to get. They bothneventually agreed on a small meal of real rice, cheese lasagna, anlittle thing of spagetti, and a plate of vegetables. The two youngnlovers-to-be enjoyed every bit of the meal together. Cloe left thenpayment and tip on the table, and she and Taylor walked up to thenledgendary \"Lover's Balcony\", rumored to be where hundredsnof couples around Piccadilly had said to have fallen truly in love.nCloe found herself feeling something for Taylor and he felt the same.nThey looked at each other and the two's eyes loced. (I know, I do anlotta eye-locking in my stories!) Their eyes locked and somethingnoverpowered them both. The two lovers now leaned toward eachother andnkissed. If anyone happened to look up on the balcony, they would seenone of the most in-love couples in Piccadilly. Chapter ten should be upnsoon. My fingers ache from typing every spare moment, so it'll take anwhile.","Summary":" Flushed away: The nextnchapter Roddy lay on his mostlyncomfortable bed on the Malone's couch in the","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Romance Adventure - Chapters: 9   - Words: 14,366 - Reviews: 14 - Favs: 10 - Follows: 6 - Updated: 9 28 2007 - Published: 9 21 2007 - id: 3796778 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Spreading Our Wings","Author":"AngelPearl623","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/372792","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Spreading Our Wings[Chapter 2] Spreading Our Wings[Chapter 3] Spreading Our Wings[Chapter 4] Spreading Our Wings Four Later that night Charlie lay in Jody's bed, his arm around her. Jody smiled and rolled over to rest her head on Charlie's chest. She draped her arm across the sheet that covered his chest and sighed. \"Do you ever miss this?\" \"Miss what?\" \"Just lying here in the middle of the night… next to each other… and just falling asleep like that.\" \"Yeah, I do. But what I miss most is just you. You're voice, you're face, I miss being able to see and talk to you everyday.\" \"Do you ever think about moving back?\" \"Sometimes. But there's always at least 10 reason's for me not to move.\" \"Oh. I love you Charlie.\" Jody whispered. \"I love you too Jody.\" Charlie glanced down a while later and saw that she had fallen asleep. He smiled and turned off the lamp. Charlie spent 2 more days with Jody and then went off for his usual 5 mystery days. He told all his other old friends excitedly that he was going to propose to Jody one night while they were at the beach. Everyone was happy for them, except of course for Anna, who had liked Charlie the second she saw him. He had been her date for the gala at the beginning of ABA, and she still liked him. But she also knew that Charlie was madly in love with Jody, so she just smiled and wished him luck. Charlie returned to Jody's apartment on July 13th- a Monday- and they headed off to meet Charlie's friends a little after 12noon.[Chapter 5] Spreading Our Wings Five Charlie rang the doorbell to his friend's beach house. A tall blond guy, maybe 24, opened the door. \"Hey Charlie. We're so glad you could make it.\" He said, giving Charlie a small hug. Charlie laughed. \"Cut that shit out, will you?\" \"Sorry, Holly made me say it. Uh, come in.\" Charlie friend let them in and shut the door. \"Rich, this is my girlfriend Jody. Jody, this is Rich. He's a complete idiot, you can just ignore him.\" Charlie said. Jody smiled and shook Rich's hand. \"It's nice to meet you.\" \"Same here. Everyone's upstairs, come on.\" Rich led them up the narrow staircase to the living room. There were 9 other people already there. And Jody wondered how all of them managed to find a place to sleep. After they all attacked Charlie, they calmed down a bit and sat back down. \"Everyone, I want you to meet my girlfriend, Jody Sawyer. Jody, this is… everyone.\" \"Hi Jody.\" Some of them said. Jody smiled. \"Hi.\" She turned to Charlie and took his hand as they sat down on an empty couch. Jody looked around at all the other people as Charlie whispered in her ear who they were.\" \"That's Jen and Sally- they're twins, obviously. And Holly- she and Rich are engaged. And that's Matt- I've known him all my life. He's pretty hilarious, but he's also a complete moron. And that's Kyle- he's pretty much my best friend. And Rich, Mark, and Chris- beware of them, they are extremely weird. And that's Rachel and Mandy.\" \"And they're all from Washington?\" \"Yeah, but not all of them live there anymore. Now most of them are in college, but they've gotten together every year since graduation and come down here for about a month. This is the first year I've gotten to come anywhere near here.\" \"Wow, ok. Now, which is the one that dumped you for going to New York?\" \"That's Rachel over there. I talk to most of these guys a lot still, but not her. So don't worry, ok? I don't love her, I love you. You know that right?\" \"Yeah.\" Jody smiled and gave him a small kiss. Rachel, a tall thin redhead, glared jealously as Charlie and Jody flirted across the room. She still loved Charlie, and was dying to get him back.[Chapter 6] Spreading Our Wings Six Dinner at the large beach house was simply delivered pizza. They all gathered around the big-screen tv to watch a movie that Matt had rented. Jody sat next to Charlie on the floor, against the couch, forcing herself not to eat a third slice. She rested her head on Charlie's shoulder and continued watching \"American Pie\". Everyone had told Matt to get a different movie, but he didn't listen and came back with this instead, and the sequel too. After \"American Pie 2\" was over, Charlie announced sadly that he and Jody had to leave. Rachel took this chance to get up and hug him good-bye. At the last second, she kissed him. Charlie was in shock at first, but soon pushed her violently off. He glared at her for a long time, everyone else in the room was also in shock and said nothing, until he grabbed Jody's arm and turned her away. \"Come on Jody, let's go.\" He mumbled and dragged her out into the night. Charlie sat in the driver's seat of Jody's car, but didn't turn it on. \"Look, about what Rachel did back there, she-\" \"Charlie, its' ok, really. You said you don't lover her anymore-\" \"I never loved her in the first place.\" Charlie remarked. \"Um, ok. But, since you don't love her, there's nothing to worry about. Right?\" \"Yeah, I guess.\" Charlie nodded slightly. Rachel rushed out of the house a minute later and stuck her head through the open car window. Charlie sighed angrily. \"Rachel, just leave us alone already!\" \"I'm sorry, Charlie. I just came out to apologize. I don't know what came over me.\" \"Funny, I know exactly what came over you.\" \"What? And while I'm asking questions, why are you so mad at me? I mean, you were acting totally pissed at me even before I… kissed you.\" Charlie looked away. \"We should leave Rachel.\" \"Charlie, please!! I just want to know what I did to you!\" Charlie sighed. \"If you can't figure out what you did, why should I tell you? I mean, I bet Jody even knows, it's that obvious.\" \"Charlie, please!!\" Rachel begged and Charlie gave in. \"Fine. I can't believe I actually have to tell you this. You do recall when I left for New York, right?\" \"For that stupid gay ballet school, how could I forget?\" Charlie sighed again. \"Screw this, I knew you'd be this way. Good-bye Rachel.\" Charlie turned on the car and skidded out of the driveway.[Chapter 7] Spreading Our Wings Seven When they reached their own beach house, Charlie took the 2 suitcases from the trunk and stormed up the side stairs. Jody locked her car and followed, carrying two beach chairs. When she got inside, she set them down and looked around for Charlie. Charlie walked through the hallway and down the 3 small steps. He walked up to Jody and kissed her softly, then made a trail of kissed down to her neck. Jody giggled softly. \"I see you're mood changes quickly.\" Charlie stopped and grinned up at Jody. \"I love you.\" Jody smiled. \"I love you too. But, you're not still mad about that whole Rachel thing?\" \"Please, don't remind me. I just wanna stop thinking about her and spend a nice evening with you.\" Jody smiled. \"It's already 1am, Charlie.\" \"Oh yeah, well, are you tired?\" \"Um… yeah.\" Jody admitted. \"Ok. Let me show you around, then we can go to bed.\" Jody smiled. \"Ok.\" Charlie led her around and showed her the living room, dining room, and kitchen. It was actually just one big combined room. Then he lad her down the hallway and showed her the two bedrooms, the bathroom, and the small laundry closet. \"And that's pretty much it.\" Charlie said. He took Jody's hand and pulled her into the larger bedroom and shut the door. They changed and climbed into the large bed. Charlie lay next to Jody, wanting to say something, anything, but couldn't think of a thing. Jody broke the awkward silence. \"Well, you're friends all seem great.\" Jody said, rolling over closer to Charlie. \"Yeah, they're great. But to tell you truth Jody, I like all my newer friends better, especially you. You guys just understand me more… and can appreciate what I've chosen to do with my life. Which is two things now, dance and fall in love all over again everyday with you.\" Jody smiled. \"You are too sweet.\" \"I know.\" Charlie said, smiling. Jody giggled and hit his arm playfully. \"You're so cute. And no matter what Rachel says, I think you're a wonderful dance. You must be, I mean, you're principal after all.\" \"Thanks Jody.\" Charlie lay on his side and kissed Jody softly. \"I love you.\" \"I love you too.\" Charlie ran his fingers through Jody's hair and fell asleep peacefully.[Chapter 8] Spreading Our Wings Eight Charlie and Jody spent the next few days at the beach. Charlie spent all his alone time planning out the perfect proposal. As the week went on, he got more and more nervous, but Jody didn't seem to notice. On Friday night, Charlie drove them to Sunset Beach, to watch the sunset (obviously). They walked onto the rocky beach, covered with people, and went to sit down on the rocks. They walked carefully to the last rock and sat down. Charlie wrapped his arm around Jody and kissed her, the beautiful colorful sky sparking behind them. After the sun had set, Charlie was nervously preparing to take out the ring. \"I love you.\" Charlie whispered and leaned into kiss her. \"I love you to.\" Jody mumbled, kissing him fiercely. Charlie pulled away and smiled at her. \"This has been the best week of my life and-\" Charlie was all set to propose when a loud shrill voice cut him off. \"JODY SAWYER??\" Someone called from the other end of the slippery row of rocks. Jody spun around and stood up immediately and ran to the other end, almost falling several times. Charlie sat there, and pulled out the ring. \"And I want you to know how much I love you.\" He said dully. \"You've made me happier than I ever thought I could be in this world. And you could make me the happiest man alive. I love you Jody Sawyer, will you marry me? Yes!\" Charlie mimicked Jody's voice and sighed deeply. He put the back in his pocket and stood up carefully. He walked down to the end of the rocks to see who had stopped him from making the most romantic proposal ever. Jody was standing in the middle of the beach with 3 other girls around her age. Charlie came up and stood next to her, wrapping his arm around her waist. \"Hey Jody.\" He gave her a quick kiss on her check and turned to the others. \"Um, hi.\" Jody smiled excitedly, completely unaware of Charlie's original plan for the night. \"Charlie, you'll never guess! These are my 3 best friends from Indiana. This is Charlotte, Jamie, and Amy.\" Jody said, pointing out her friends. \"Hi, it's great to meet you all.\" Charlie said. \"Can you believe this Charlie? I mean, an Monday I met your friends, and now you can meet mine!\" \"Cool.\" Charlie said, forcing a smile. \"Guys, this is my boyfriend, Charlie.\" After a few minutes, they 5 left to go for desert. Charlie drove behind Jody's friend's car, wondering if he'd ever get a chance like that again. They stopped at an eat-in Dairy Queen. Charlie and Jody only ordered smalls, so Jody's friends did the same. They all sat at a round table outside to eat. When Jody got up to throw her half eaten cone and napkin away, she pulled Charlie up with her. When they were safely out of earshot at the trashcan, Jody questioned Charlie. \"Are you ok? You seem a little off.\" Charlie shrugged it off and shook his head. \"It's nothing, trust me.\" \"Ok, do you just wanna go back to the house?\" \"Sure.\" Charlie nodded and shoved his trash into the tall trashcan. \"Let's go.\" Charlie headed back to the car after a quick wave to Jody's friends. Jody walked back over and leaned against the gravel table. \"Um, we're gonna go. Sorry about Charlie, he's usually really sweet and all. I'm not sure what's wrong, but I have the feeling he's not gonna tell me.\" Jamie nodded. \"Ok, good luck. But, it was great seeing you again.\" They all hugged and then Jody ran off to her car, her hair curls bouncing.","LastChapter":"Spreading Our Wings Eight Charlie and Jody spent the next few days at the beach. Charlie spent all his alone time planning out the perfect proposal. As the week went on, he got more and more nervous, but Jody didn't seem to notice. On Friday night, Charlie drove them to Sunset Beach, to watch the sunset (obviously). They walked onto the rocky beach, covered with people, and went to sit down on the rocks. They walked carefully to the last rock and sat down. Charlie wrapped his arm around Jody and kissed her, the beautiful colorful sky sparking behind them. After the sun had set, Charlie was nervously preparing to take out the ring. \"I love you.\" Charlie whispered and leaned into kiss her. \"I love you to.\" Jody mumbled, kissing him fiercely. Charlie pulled away and smiled at her. \"This has been the best week of my life and-\" Charlie was all set to propose when a loud shrill voice cut him off. \"JODY SAWYER??\" Someone called from the other end of the slippery row of rocks. Jody spun around and stood up immediately and ran to the other end, almost falling several times. Charlie sat there, and pulled out the ring. \"And I want you to know how much I love you.\" He said dully. \"You've made me happier than I ever thought I could be in this world. And you could make me the happiest man alive. I love you Jody Sawyer, will you marry me? Yes!\" Charlie mimicked Jody's voice and sighed deeply. He put the back in his pocket and stood up carefully. He walked down to the end of the rocks to see who had stopped him from making the most romantic proposal ever. Jody was standing in the middle of the beach with 3 other girls around her age. Charlie came up and stood next to her, wrapping his arm around her waist. \"Hey Jody.\" He gave her a quick kiss on her check and turned to the others. \"Um, hi.\" Jody smiled excitedly, completely unaware of Charlie's original plan for the night. \"Charlie, you'll never guess! These are my 3 best friends from Indiana. This is Charlotte, Jamie, and Amy.\" Jody said, pointing out her friends. \"Hi, it's great to meet you all.\" Charlie said. \"Can you believe this Charlie? I mean, an Monday I met your friends, and now you can meet mine!\" \"Cool.\" Charlie said, forcing a smile. \"Guys, this is my boyfriend, Charlie.\" After a few minutes, they 5 left to go for desert. Charlie drove behind Jody's friend's car, wondering if he'd ever get a chance like that again. They stopped at an eat-in Dairy Queen. Charlie and Jody only ordered smalls, so Jody's friends did the same. They all sat at a round table outside to eat. When Jody got up to throw her half eaten cone and napkin away, she pulled Charlie up with her. When they were safely out of earshot at the trashcan, Jody questioned Charlie. \"Are you ok? You seem a little off.\" Charlie shrugged it off and shook his head. \"It's nothing, trust me.\" \"Ok, do you just wanna go back to the house?\" \"Sure.\" Charlie nodded and shoved his trash into the tall trashcan. \"Let's go.\" Charlie headed back to the car after a quick wave to Jody's friends. Jody walked back over and leaned against the gravel table. \"Um, we're gonna go. Sorry about Charlie, he's usually really sweet and all. I'm not sure what's wrong, but I have the feeling he's not gonna tell me.\" Jamie nodded. \"Ok, good luck. But, it was great seeing you again.\" They all hugged and then Jody ran off to her car, her hair curls bouncing.","Summary":" Spreading Our Wings[Chapter 2] Spreading Our Wings[Chapter 3] Spreading Our Wings[Chapter 4] Spread","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Chapters: 8   - Words: 3,984 - Reviews: 15 - Favs: 3 - Updated: 1 8 2002 - Published: 8 9 2001 - id: 372792 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Center Stage","Author":"FranziskaBlue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9323791","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Another end to: Center Stage The cold New York fall winds are blowing into the ballet studio. Jodie is still sitting on the wooden floors of her training room, wearing her pink jersey, white ballet shoes and a black jumper on top. She cries holding a letter in her hand Dear Jodie, I am so sorry for what I have to say you, I am a coward for not saying it in person but there is no other way to tell you: it's over. After the audition, the moment you decided that you rather dance for Cooper than for the ABA I knew it but I wanted to give it a try because we liked each other, we really liked each other and I thought you were special. I guess things have changed. Jodie, you and I want different things and the ABA is not the Cooper Nielsson Dance Company. I am aiming for perfection and I am willing to be in the corps for a few years whereas you are just there for the applause and fame, the glory and not the essence of ballet. That is not me and what I stand for as a ballet dancer. Goodbye, Charlie Tears are rolling down her face and time seems to stand still for Jodie. She starts talking to herself, she is frustrated and cannot believe what she is just read. Jodie: Idiot, who do you think you are? Only because you said yes to Jonathan and to a company where you are just one of many dancers you tell me that I am not good enough? Here I am dancing leads and I am good, people love me on stage and don't you dare saying that I am just there for the fame and glory. You are doing the same but maybe I am Jodie continues crying when Cooper who forgot his keys steps into the room and sees her nearly lying flat on the floor crying her heart out. Cooper: Hey Prima Ballerina, what's up? Jodie: Nothing, nothing, I am just mad and sad and I don't know what Jodie's stands up and wants to flee the room in order to avoid talking to Cooper. She isn't in the mood for any of his monologues or that he knew Charlie wasn't for her. Cooper: Hey, hey, not that fast. Did you cry? Jodie in an ironic tone: No, no I didn't cry I am just exhausted boss. Cooper: Oh come, I can see it, you cried your heart out, and that is not because you are exhausted it is something different, it's all over your face. What happened? Is Jonathan trying to lure you away from me? Did he make you some kind of irresistible offer and now you don't know how to tell me? Hey what s wrong my Prima Ballerina? Jodie: Its not Jonathan, this idiot Charlie, he, he wrote to me this Jodie is throwing the letter in Cooper's direction Jodie: Go on, read it, he thinks I am only dancing for you because I want to be famous. The ABA would have been better for me because I would have perfected my moves and that now my career is over, me dancing with you would be incompatible, destroy his career and Jonathan would only take me back if I beg, oh Cooper. I am Cooper sits down next to her and takes her into his arms Cooper: Hey, Jodie you are my prima ballerina, I chose you because you aren't the classical dancer that is aiming for perfection, I wanted somebody special and you are special. You are amazing and this guy is an idiot not to see that. Jodie isn't listening and starts going on further Jodie: I am the one going for glory not for perfection, I have to learn more but that I wanted to have fame and not later, I don't want to wave roses in the back I couldn't wait but he, he, he thinks Cooper: Hey, hey you are not listening to me, I would dump him for saying something like this immediately. Jodie you are so much more he is, why don't you see that? Jodie: Well he dumped me, so satisfied? He dumped me in a letter, he didn't text or call or left a message he wrote me a letter so that I can read it over and over again and that it wont stop hurting. Cooper tries to calm her down holding her in his arms Cooper: Jodie, calm down, he is an idiot just like Jonathan and all the others. Jodie gets up and paces across the room Jodie: I can't calm down, I am angry and I am frustrated and I don't know why you chose me because I am not perfect, Anna, she was perfect or even Maureen and Eva but I am just an ugly duckling. Cooper: Jodie, hey I want you to stop it, come on lets go. Jodie: I can't, let me go, let me, I am quitting, I have to and I am going to beg Charlie for forgiveness and maybe Jonathan wants me because people start to know me, maybe I have a chance and I have to leave you and if I am a good maybe they will take me even if I am not perfect. Jodie wants to leave and goes for the door Cooper stops her looking at her he say: Don't you dare doing that, Jodie. Do not turn this door knob. Jodie: What are you doing? Are you crazy you are breaking my arm! Cooper: Look into that damn mirror, now! I cant believe this. A guy, is destroying my prima ballerina, I am getting really Jodie: No, I won't in the mirror, I look horrible, I can't face myself. Cooper: Look into the mirror Jodie! Jodie: I Cooper: Please, do it for me one last time, I ll let you go but please look in the mirror, what are you seeing? Jodie: I am seeing me, exhausted, in tears, untalented, wrong feet, sweaty and horrible hair. That s all you wanted to hear now let me go, dam it Cooper. Cooper: Look again, look deeper, look at you. What are you? Jodie: Cooper, let me go, let me leave, I don't like your games! Come on you promised. Cooper: I am not letting you go and this is not a game, you are a member of my company and training isn't over yet! Jodie: Since when? You Cooper: Since now, look in the mirror. What do I see? Jodie becomes annoyed Jodie: WHAT? Cooper: I see a wonderful blonde woman, a talented dancer that gets the people's attention with one look, I see a strong woman that I let got one day which I will never forgive myself for and I see a ballerina that will catch the attention of a film producer sooner or later... Jodie looks at him: You are joking! You just don't want me to quit! You are out of your mind Cooper! Cooper: I am not joking; the reason why Jonathan didn't want you at first was, not to piss of his wife because you could be the one, the new star of his company, he could not risk that. You are not your average nice looking ballerina, you are special, a special woman why did you think I choose you and now come on we have to go! Jodie: Where are we going, don't, let me go, please Cooper, I have to think, I want to be alone in my apartment, I want to sleep and watch a movie and I want ice cream and I think a drink, I might call my mom and go back to Chicago! Cooper: Forget it, you are coming with me but first Cooper drags her to the changing rooms Cooper: Get dressed; I have to tell you something. I thought well it wouldn't be necessary but now I think its payback time, we will do something to the ABA they will never forget. You have 20 minutes to get changed; otherwise I am dragging you out of the shower. You know better that I don't make empty threats. Jodie: I, Cooper Cooper pushes her into one of the shower cubicles and turns on the water Jodie: Cooper are you insane? Hey that is cold and hey Cooper smiling: Get of your clothes, shower and come back. It will be great, get changed or I ll help you do it and scrub your right here, I don't think you will be happy when I do that, so get yourself together I have plan! Cooper leaves, Jodie gets out of her wet clothes and showers. With every drop of hot water she gets her confidence back, her muscles relax and she feels better by the minute. After 20 minutes with slightly wet hair she meets Cooper in the reception area. Cooper: There you are, you look great! Look in the mirror that's my girl! Jodie: I feel better already and maybe you are right, where are we going? Cooper: We are going to my favorite Italian restaurant, ok? Jodie: Ok, but what are we doing there? I mean, I shouldn't eat Cooper: Another end to: Center Stage The cold New York fall winds are blowing into the ballet studio. Jodie is still sitting on the wooden floors of her training room, wearing her pink jersey, white ballet shoes and a black jumper on top. She cries holding a letter in her hand Dear Jodie, I am so sorry for what I have to say you, I am a coward for not saying it in person but there is no other way to tell you: it's over. After the audition, the moment you decided that you rather dance for Cooper than for the ABA I knew it but I wanted to give it a try because we liked each other, we really liked each other and I thought you were special. I guess things have changed. Jodie, you and I want different things and the ABA is not the Cooper Nielsson Dance Company. I am aiming for perfection and I am willing to be in the corps for a few years whereas you are just there for the applause and fame, the glory and not the essence of ballet. That is not me and what I stand for as a ballet dancer. Goodbye, Charlie Tears are rolling down her face and time seems to stand still for Jodie. She starts talking to herself, she is frustrated and cannot believe what she is just read. Jodie: Idiot, who do you think you are? Only because you said yes to Jonathan and to a company where you are just one of many dancers you tell me that I am not good enough? Here I am dancing leads and I am good, people love me on stage and don't you dare saying that I am just there for the fame and glory. You are doing the same but maybe I am Jodie continues crying when Cooper who forgot his keys steps into the room and sees her nearly lying flat on the floor crying her heart out. Cooper: Hey prima ballerina, what's up? Jodie: Nothing, nothing, I am just mad and sad and I don't know what Jodie's stands up and wants to flee the room in order to avoid talking to Cooper. She isn't in the mood for any of his monologues or that he knew Charlie wasn't for her. Cooper: Hey, hey, not that fast. Did you cry? Jodie in an ironic tone: No, no I didn't cry I am just exhausted boss. Cooper: Oh come, I can see it, you cried your heart out, and that is not because you are exhausted it is something different, it's all over your face. What happened? Is Jonathan trying to lure you away from me? Did he make you some kind of irresistible offer and now you don't know how to tell me? Hey what s wrong my prima ballerina? Jodie: Its not Jonathan, this idiot Charlie, he, he wrote to me this Jodie is throwing the letter in Cooper's direction Jodie: Go on, read it, he thinks I am only dancing for you because I want to be famous. The ABA would have been better for me because I would have perfected my moves and that now my career is over, me dancing with you would be incompatible, destroy his career and Jonathan would only take me back if I beg, oh Cooper. I am Cooper sits down next to her and takes her into his arms Cooper: Hey, Jodie you are my Prima Ballerina, I chose you because you aren't the classical dancer that is aiming for perfection, I wanted somebody special and you are special. You are amazing and this guy is an idiot not to see that. Jodie isn't listening and starts going on further Jodie: I am the one going for glory not for perfection, I have to learn more but that I wanted to have fame and not later, I don't want to wave roses in the back I couldn't wait but he, he, he thinks Cooper: Hey, hey you are not listening to me, I would dump him for saying something like this immediately. Jodie you are so much more he is, why don't you see that? Jodie: Well he dumped me, so satisfied? He dumped me in a letter, he didn't text or call or left a message he wrote me a letter so that I can read it over and over again and that it wont stop hurting. Cooper tries to calm her down holding her in his arms Cooper: Jodie, calm down, he is an idiot just like Jonathan and all the others. Jodie gets up and paces across the room Jodie: I can't calm down, I am angry and I am frustrated and I don't know why you chose me because I am not perfect, Anna, she was perfect or even Maureen and Eva but I am just an ugly duckling. Cooper: Jodie, hey I want you to stop it, come on lets go. Jodie: I can't, let me go, let me, I am quitting, I have to and I am going to beg Charlie for forgiveness and maybe Jonathan wants me because people start to know me, maybe I have a chance and I have to leave you and if I am a good maybe they will take me even if I am not perfect. Jodie wants to leave and goes for the door Cooper stops her looking at her he say: Don't you dare doing that, Jodie. Do not turn this door knob. Jodie: What are you doing? Are you crazy you are breaking my arm! Cooper: Look into that damn mirror, now! I cant believe this. A guy, is destroying my Prima Ballerina, I am getting really Jodie: No, I won't in the mirror, I look horrible, I can't face myself. Cooper: Look into the mirror Jodie! Jodie: I Cooper: Please, do it for me one last time, I ll let you go but please look in the mirror, what are you seeing? Jodie: I am seeing me, exhausted, in tears, untalented, wrong feet, sweaty and horrible hair. That s all you wanted to hear now let me go, dam it Cooper. Cooper: Look again, look deeper, look at you. What are you? Jodie: Cooper, let me go, let me leave, I don't like your games! Come on you promised. Cooper: I am not letting you go and this is not a game, you are a member of my company and training isn't over yet! Jodie: Since when? You Cooper: Since now, look in the mirror. What do I see? Jodie becomes annoyed Jodie: WHAT? Cooper: I see a wonderful blonde woman, a talented dancer that gets the people's attention with one look, I see a strong woman that I let got one day which I will never forgive myself for and I see a ballerina that will catch the attention of a film producer sooner or later... Jodie looks at him: You are joking! You just don't want me to quit! You are out of your mind Cooper! Cooper: I am not joking; the reason why Jonathan didn't want you at first was, not to piss of his wife because you could be the one, the new star of his company, he could not risk that. You are not your average nice looking ballerina, you are special, a special woman why did you think I choose you and now come on we have to go! Jodie: Where are we going, don't, let me go, please Cooper, I have to think, I want to be alone in my apartment, I want to sleep and watch a movie and I want ice cream and I think a drink, I might call my mom and go back to Chicago! Cooper: Forget it, you are coming with me but first Cooper drags her to the changing rooms Cooper: Get dressed; I have to tell you something. I thought well it wouldn't be necessary but now I think its payback time, we will do something to the ABA they will never forget. You have 20 minutes to get changed; otherwise I am dragging you out of the shower. You know better that I don't make empty threats. Jodie: I, Cooper Cooper pushes her into one of the shower cubicles and turns on the water Jodie: Cooper are you insane? Hey that is cold and hey Cooper smiling: Get of your clothes, shower and come back. It will be great, get changed or I ll help you do it and scrub your right here, I don't think you will be happy when I do that, so get yourself together I have plan! Cooper leaves, Jodie gets out of her wet clothes and showers. With every drop of hot water she gets her confidence back, her muscles relax and she feels better by the minute. After 20 minutes with slightly wet hair she meets Cooper in the reception area. Cooper: There you are, you look great! Look in the mirror that's my girl! Jodie: I feel better already and maybe you are right, where are we going? Cooper: We are going to my favorite Italian restaurant, ok? Jodie: Ok, but what are we doing there? I mean, I shouldn't eat Cooper: You need to eat and you know what happened to Maureen, you are a dancer and you need to eat calories. Don't you like Pasta? You can order something different but Jodie: I love Pasta and wine and a huge salad and chocolate pudding, tiramisu sounds good but that Cooper: See and that's exactly what we are doing and I know the perfect restaurant for that The two are going out to Cooper's motorcycle and he hands her a second helmet Cooper: Come on, hop on Jodie: This is so Cooper: I grew up, come on. You are my Prima Ballerina, I would never do something stupid, here put your helmet on, you ll survive a little ride with your director, remember I am your boss now. 10 minutes later at a little Italian restaurant in Chelsea Cooper: And do you like it? Jodie: It's wonderful, calm, romantic and traditional. Cooper: I knew it! It's my favorite and Mario is the best! Cooper steels some food from her plate Jodie: Hey! Cooper grins: Your pasta is even better than mine and how do you feel? Jodie: Better, much better. I am glad you dragged me out. Cooper: See, I know what s best for you and I have to tell you something. Jodie: What? Cooper: There will be an evening where leading dance companies compete against each other. Jodie: Really? And we are participating? I wasn't aware of that. Cooper: Yes and normally the ABA wins it all but this time well I thought we might make life of a few companies a bit more difficult, I think we can do it; we did it once we can do it again! I know it was just a workshop but people loved it and because this will be a big thing I hired more people, and Sergey comes through the doors and joins them Sergey: Hey guys, good to see you again! Cooper: See, a Russian, that's a good start isn't it? Jodie smiling all over her face, hugging her friend Jodie: Sergey oh it's so good to see you! Why are you here? Cooper, did you text him? What did you do? Why didn't you tell me he was coming? You know... oh Sergey Sergey: Well San Francisco wasn't what I expected and I missed New York so much and Cooper Jodie: She left you, didn't she? That is why Sergey: Not really, well I wanted to go back, she wanted to stay and certain things changed in our relationship and Jodie starts crying again and Sergey holds her in his arms with a nod from Cooper Sergey: I am here little ballerina, Sergey is here, hey don't cry. Jodie: I am so... Sergey: Shshhs, I am here and you look wonderful. Here dry you tears and listen to Cooper and me, the boss has a plan. He might be an idiot but he is a great choreographer and dancer you of all people know that. Cooper: I thought Sergey could crush on your couch and as we need a new leading man. Its my intention to burn the ABA and as I am the director, hey I can't dance in my own ballet so I needed a guy who is able to do that what I can do and your ex might be good but Sergey is what we need to get the audience attention. Sergey Yes and before we continue, waiter can we have some more wine please or even something harder like Jodie: Sergey, drinking, we have to train tomorrow and Sergey: Hey I am Russian, this is like water to me! Jodie starts to smile softly Cooper: Mario, we need another bottle of the 1977 Chianti. Mario: Pronto Signor Cooper! Cooper: Mille Grazie! Sergey: Cheers everybody! Cooper takes a sip and closes his eyes for a moment Cooper: Very good year and now I am going tell you my plan. Sergey: Yes, I mean what is your plan? You just told me you had a plan. Jodie: Wait, you don't know what's going on and came just without knowing? Sergey: Yes because I missed a good old bagel with real fish and a hot dog, the smell, the ice and my Russian friends over in Brooklyn, the Cooper: You know Sergey has some connections to the Kirov Ballet and the St. Petersburg Ballet Company and we might get a dancer or two from them as well as what I am thinking of doing will be something new, something they don't expect from a ballet company. We will take today's news and turn it into a ballet; we will take old music, old stories and convert them. On stage you will see not only motorcycles but smoke and cars, beds, we will have the guys from Stomp it will be a big stage like The West Side Story. Jodie: Sounds great but we are a ballet company. Cooper: I know and as with every great ballet you have the lead, either myself or somebody else is telling the story and you dance it, dance what you feel and at the end like with every ballet we have a happy ending. The competition is in 11 weeks; every company performs a different play at one night. A jury and the audience get to decide the winner and they will love us, trust me! Sergey: Oh they definitely will, because we have you and not some stuffy ballet director like the big bad Jonathan who knows everything and we all know nothing. Cooper: Thanks man that was nice of you to say, we are going to make Kathleen and Jonathan and all the other guys at the ABA cry. Jodie takes Coppers hand and looks at him with her big blue eyes Jodie: Promise me that it's not some kind of revenge thing because of your ex and because you still want her back or you want to hurt Charlie because of me. Promise me that this is strictly professional and its nothing Cooper: It's \"a I am better and they way you do it is old fashion\" thing. I believe in the stuff we do what I am doing, that's why I want to win this contest, that's why I want the public to love us and not because I want to destroy them. Sergey: But hurting their egos would be nice for a change, I mean even if I danced in Jonathan ballet I saw that yours was better so kicking their ass and letting them suffer in totally professional way would be ok for me! Cooper: Of course! Jodie laughs Sergey: See I knew you would be able to do. That is the girl I love. Sergey hugs her then he excuses himself and promises to be at the next training session. He leaves with keys to Jodie's apartment. Cooper whispering: Are you coming with me? Please I don't want you to be alone tonight. Jodie: I am not Cooper: Just the sofa, I will sleep on the sofa! Jodie whispers: With you it's never the sofa! Cooper: I told you, I changed I want to make a new start not because of me but because we both want it. I am sorry that I took so long to accept that, so come with me and sleep for sleeps sake, ok? Jodie smiles: Ok, but you have to promise me to sleep on the couch. Cooper:I will the whole night if you want that as well! At Coopers apartment Jodie: Can you hold me in your arms until I have fallen asleep and then put your body on the couch? Cooper: Of course, I am here nothing will ever happen to you my sweet little prima ballerina, my princess ok?! You need to eat and you know what happened to Maureen, you are a dancer and you need to eat calories. Don't you like Pasta? You can order something different but Jodie: I love Pasta and wine and a huge salad and chocolate pudding, tiramisu sounds good but that Cooper: See and that's exactly what we are doing and I know the perfect restaurant for that The two are going out to Cooper's motorcycle and he hands her a second helmet Cooper: Come on, hop on Jodie: This is so Cooper: I grew up, come on. You are my prima ballerina, I would never do something stupid, here put your helmet on, you ll survive a little ride with your director, remember I am your boss now.[Chapter 2] The next morning Cooper: And how is my prima ballerina feeling this morning? Good? Jodie: I am feeling great! I am feeling like a new person. How did you sleep? Cooper: Awful! Jodie: Why? Did I talk in my sleep? I do that sometimes, oh I am sorry. Cooper: No, you slept like Snow White; it was because I was holding the most wonderful woman on earth in my arms and was not able to touch her or to kiss her! Jodie: Well I needed that! Cooper: I know you did! Eggs for breakfast? Jodie: Sounds great but The door bell rings Jodie opens the door with the buzzer and then opens the door Jodie: Maureen, what are you doing here? Maureen: Well, I recovered and I did a college degree or say I studied for a few semester and then I realized that I missed dancing and I thought I stop by, I wanted to talk to Cooper, he lives here, you two are back together? Jodie smiles: No, come on in, are you allowed to do, I mean dancing made you ill, really ill and are you sure you want do that again? Maureen is coming in and sits down on the sofa Maureen: Yes, Jim agreed to let me dance again and I think Coopers company would be perfect! If he ll have me and if you don't mind because that is important to me, I have changed, I think starving myself to death made me the person I was and didn't like, I just want to be a dancer. Jodie: Everyone deserves a second chance Maureen. Cooper: Jodie is right, Maureen you are a great dancer, you are perfect for me and the new ballet I am writing, you ll see. Maureen: Are you two Jodie: No, we are not Cooper grins: Not yet, Charlie broke up with her and told her that the ABA is much better and that she is a looser and let's not talk about it! I am working on getting her back! Jodie grins realizing slowly that Cooper was the one that she always wanted Jodie: Do you? Maureen: The ABA takes more of your soul than anything else. Cooper I have to be honest with you. I can only dance for you if you don't say I am fat or anything else. I have to eat and I mean not just a salad and loads of cold water, I have to eat regularly if I dance for you. That is important so that I don't fall back into my old behaviour. Cooper: Ham and Eggs on toast with a tat of maple syrup ok? Maureen: Are you serious? I mean it sounds great and delicious but Cooper: Training starts in 1,5 hours and I promise you Maureen, you ll need the calories as you will sweat them out and hate me afterwards! Hope you have your ballet shoes with you. Maureen: Yes of course, sounds great to me and it's a deal, thanks Cooper! I didn't expect that, I am so, thank you! Jodie: Here! It's delicious, some ketchup as well, Cooper does that for all of us whenever he is in a good mood. Maureen: Thanks! So you think, I mean Maureen put the plate down and takes off her sweater shows off her new body, she cant believe that Cooper took her on board without a training session. Maureen: Just to be clear, that is what you get. I am not Cooper interrupts her: Your body is perfect and everything else we ll see later. I don't want elves, I want dancers and dancing today is hard work and nothing else. People who think that you are fat are morons; I never understood why somebody could do that to their own body. Being healthy is not being fat, you have to be good to your body to be able to dance and capture something special for the audience. Maureen: Thanks for saying that Cooper, that is what I had to learn in all those sessions with my counselor. It was the right choice to come here and I really missed dancing you know I had to wait for that feeling to come back. Jodie smiles: Sergey will be there as well just so you know. Maureen: Sergey? Really that is amazing but isn't he supposed to be in San Francisco? Jodie: He missed New York and left Galina, or she left him I don't know. I think he just figured out that the two weren't a good fit. Maureen: Happens, can I have one more of this delicious my god wow. Cooper: Of course, coffee, latte, cappuccino? Maureen: Latte, since when are you so nice? Cooper: Since I am planning to make the ABA cry and I need dancers that are willing to give everything to do that. Maureen: Oh you bet I wanna do that! Cooper: Perfect! There will be tears Maureen, deep tears, you might hate me because Jodie knows that sometimes I want more than you are able to give, training sessions are harder than at the ABA and I think you are fantastic dancer now that you are fit and healthy. You have that aura and glow that you look like a mysterious girl, I am really curious to see how you have changed because your technique was always more than perfect, I have to give that to Jonathan. Maureen laughs out loud Maureen: As long as the tears come from that I am not doing it right or because my body hurts like hell from all the routines and the workout, it is fine by me! Cooper: Great, my ballet will be different thou. Can you ride a motorcycle? Maureen: I can yes, Jim thought me and what are you doing? Something like the workshop? Cooper: Well, first scene, you this will be amazing... Cooper sits down and starts writing; the girls are having another cup of coffee! Jodie: Any news? Maureen: I don't know if I should tell you that but Charlie and Anna are supposed to be together maybe that is why he broke up with you, I don't know when it started, are you ok with that? Jodie takes a deep breath and waits, she, when she realizes that she doesn't have to cry she speak Jodie: So he replaced one blonde with another one. Cooper from his desk: You are the better blonde and don't your cry, no tears he is not worth it. Jodie: Don't worry, I am not. Maureen: Eric is doing a great job as well together with Eva, she is the new star. Cooper: We will be better believe me and yes Eva is great but Jonathan still has Kathleen and so far I don't think she is retiring. Another knock on the door Jodie opens Sergey: I figured you must be here since you didn't come home last night, you re ok? Jodie: Of course, breakfast? Sergey: Perfect, I brought some vodka! Cooper: It's not nearly time for this stuff! Sergey give me the bottle, I am the new boss remember and that stuff is not for you, we need to train, I am the boss, give it to me not at this time! Cooper tries to take the bottle away from Sergey but Sergey refuses to let go. Sergey: I am Russian, I need a drink to start the day and it's perfect with the breakfast you made. Maureen nice to see you again, I assume you are with us? Maureen nods and the two are hugging Maureen: You want some bagels? Sergey: Are you ok? Sorry I am just asking Maureen: Yes, I am ok! Cooper: I am writing the new ballet. Sergey: Of course you do, bagels oh I missed them and salmon, well I have something better. Sergey opens a box of caviar Jodie: Did you win the lottery? Sergey: I am Russian Jodie! Cooper: Well, you are my favourite Russian and thanks man! Cooper grabs Sergey's bagel and takes a deep bite Sergey: Well you are the boss, thank god there is more and I knew you would appreciate it. Sergey laughs, takes another bagel and pours himself a glass of vodka, with that the doorbell rings again. Sergey: Oh that must be Alexei, I called him when you told me we needed a few more talented dancers, I hope you don't mind. Cooper: Alexei who? I am familiar with all the good dancers and I don't know anybody who with that name. Is he Russian? Sergey do you have some debt you have to pay off, are you in danger? Are you, did you do something that, do you need a lawyer? Hey, do I Cooper slightly panics but Sergey smiles and opens the door Sergey: Cooper, calm down. Alexei my friend how are you? Alexei: Sergey, so good to see you again! Sergey: Glad you could make it, left your skates behind forever? Alexei: Of course not but you know I am always interested in new things, thanks for calling. Alexei steps into the apartment with Sergey closing the door and looks at Cooper who just stares at him motionless for a few seconds. Finally he sits down takes the bottle of vodka to his mouth, he takes a deep sip that is slowly running down his throat, he closes his eyes and takes another deep one until he is able to breathe again . Jodie: Cooper, why did you do that? Are you ok? Cooper : I am sorry but you, are you Alexei Yagudin, figure skating world champion as well as Olympic gold medalist? Alexei: Yes, the one and it's a please to meet you. Sergey told me a lot about you and if you are asking what I am doing here let me tell you I had more ballet lessons in my life than you can think of, I am good and I want to be part of this project. Cooper: I hope you really mean that because I think, Jodie, can you please open the door on the right? Jodie: Sure, but why? Cooper: I bought the apartment next door when I had the chance and converted it into a little studio, let's start here, are you finished with your breakfast or do you want more? Guys? Jodie: I am fine, let's go and dance! Alexei: Sergey? Sergey pours him a glass of Vodka Sergey: Nastrovje Alexei! Alexei: Nastrovje! Cooper: Hey, you, maybe I should try that as well give me one more, I mean I have to start somewhere and Alexei you being here, I am Jodie takes the bottle away from him. Jodie: No you don't, you don't have the genes and or do you have Russian ancestors somewhere in your linage? And that sip or should I say sips you had were already enough and you know that. Jodie smiles, Cooper nods because he knows she is right and starts the music, his back to his old self. Cooper: Ok let's start training, put your shoes on and people one, two, three and four. Music starts and Cooper commands his dancers Cooper: Jodie your legs, higher! Alexei I thought you had ballet lessons, this doesn't look like it to me. Sergey you can leave if you do the pirouette in my ballet like you just did it, Maureen move your butt higher, you look like an elephant in the zoo. Jodie whispers to Maureen: Are you sure you want to do this? Maureen nods: Yes, but I am a bit rusty so I know he is right in a way. After 2 hours Cooper shows mercy, everybody is exhausted and falls flat on the floor. Cooper grabs a chair and smiles Cooper: Well that wasn't so bad at all, a good start. Sergey: I cannot believe Cooper: Alexei you are great and I would be honoured to have you in my company, I never thought they train figure skaters like that, I am not easily impressed but you are really good. Alexei: Thank you! Cooper: Jodie great as always my prima ballerina. Jodie smiles: Thank you. Cooper: Maureen you are Maureen: Before you say something, can I have some water, I am so thirsty, I am about to die, please! Cooper throws water bottles to his dancers Cooper: Here, you can even have a smoothie after this kind of training if you like that! Maureen: Really? Oh that would be great, I ll have a full fat chocolate latte with strawberries on top! Cooper wanders into the kitchen and starts mixing it, he knows that this will be his new team. He will be able to beat the ABA because he just saw what this group was willing to give him. Cooper: Right under way, you are great! You are better than you were at the ABA, you are down to earth and I think you will be perfect in the show, it's what Jonathan told you to do, only in this case he was right. Maureen: What do you mean? I don't get it. I never danced like this at the ABA and I never knew what he meant. Cooper: Easy! Before you danced for the ABA, at the ABA you wanted it because you had to, you tried to be perfect, it wasn't fun anymore. In the end you had to do it, you danced because people pressured you into doing it, which is what made you sick. Now you want it, people will see that you are dancing your heart out and that's it, the key to get the audiences love is that you need to have fun, you need to love what you do and I think you are able to do that now. You technique is still amazing. Maureen: Thank you, I am honoured. Sergey: What about me Cooper? Cooper: You my friend were fantastic but that isn't news to me. Listen I was thinking that you and Jodie could be the good ones and that Maureen and Alexei could be the bad ones. I am the reader and story teller, sounds good to you guys so far? Look at the table I have just written down a few rough idea. Tell me what you think. The group starts reading and is fascinated by his creativitiy. Alexei: Its good Cooper: You can go back to the ice, Maureen did you ever Maureen: I learned how to skate yes, I grew up in Michigan. Alexei: Great and I think I can show you a few tricks as well, if you let me. Jodie: And I am from Illinois, I learned how to skate before I could even walk. I was even training to be a professional figure skater but decided that I loved being a ballerina more than a skater and I am cold easily, very easily and that is having a negative impact on your training even if you have the talent. Cooper whispers comes over to her and has her a hot latte Cooper: I am learning more secrets about you every day princess. Jodie smiles: Well Cooper: I am going to secure us the place in front of the Rockefeller Center, we will play a Christmas story there with figure skating and ballet and music and I am planning to integrate two classic Christmas songs into the ballet White Christmas and Last Christmas and don't worry I am not stopping with my vision, I Jodie: I think it will be amazing just keep in mind that Alexei: I ll organize some costumes that you will love, warm but perfect to dance in, give me a second, I ll think I know how to who I have to call for this! Alexei goes to the bag, fishing out his cell and makes a quick phone, nodding, smiling and explaining the ballet. Cooper hands the smoothie to Maureen Maureen: Thanks! Delicious! A hidden talent of yours I am intrigued. Cooper looks at Sergey and Alexei Alexei: Blueberries with Cream Jodie: Blueberries are in the fridge. Sergey: I am just having water and another shot of Vodka! Cooper: Sergey, we aren't in Russia! I think you had Sergey: Ok, Chocolate with Strawberries should do the trick as well boss! Cooper grins: Coming right up! Alexei: Cooper, I organized dresses and everything else we need but Cooper: But, but there is always a nuisance and come on what did you do for it? Alexei: I had to make a promise to somebody. Cooper looks at him: What kind of a promise? Alexei: I promised Tara she could be in the show; I met her on Stars on Ice last year and she is, I mean she is really great, fun to be around with and you have to meet her she is, I told her about the ballet and she loved it so Cooper nearly drops down Sergey's drink but he catches it. Cooper: You mean Tara Lipinski former World Champion and master of pirouettes on ice? Alexei: Yes, the one and only! Cooper: I thought she had retired?! Alexei: She is fit and ready, like Maureen she did some college stuff; I think she just wanted to be normal for once in her life. Maureen: I know what you mean, same here! Alexei: Exactly! She needed a break from training and figure skating. She told me that she wasn't dead and while she was visiting a friend in London she saw a girl in the tube looking at her, staring at her is the better expression, when that girl realized who she was, well put it like that it was good they were in the tube sitting down as it nearly fainted. That was the moment when she knew it isn't over yet and that she is still the youngest female ice star who ever went becoming Olympic and World champion. Not only she felt special again in that moment but privileged for the first time in her life and that in principal it will never be over because she is who she is, and that's a lot and now she is finally be able to be proud of herself again! The next day she put on her skates and started to train again not because she had to but because she wanted to it and I think she is better than ever! Cooper laughs: I don't know if I deserve that but if she is fit then this is fantastic because this girl will rock the show, for the last scene in a corner spinning and dancing like an old fashioned musical clock. Cooper goes back to his desk and starts drawing and writing scenes. The others sit around relax trying to recover from Coopers training session. Maureen: Wow, I never knew he could be like that! Jodie: He changed since a lot since he has his own company and the responsibility that comes with it but I think he would appreciate somebody for finances and fundraising, he hates that and complains about that the whole time! Maureen: Oh I am an expert in that, I am calling some of my former college mates, one that majored in marketing, big ballet fan and a financial genius, has her own company, she will be thrilled to do something for us! Jodie: Sounds great! Sergey: He works like a maniac, look at him! Jodie: Well I think he really wants to beat Jonathan and not only for himself or me or what Jonathan did to Maureen. He knows what he is doing is the right thing, the way ballet has a chance to survive in this new century and with all the competition from TV, cinema, game shows, opera, theatre and musicals. Alexei: I saw you in his first piece, the workshop and you Jodie: You saw the ABA workshop? Alexei: Yes and when Sergey called I had a feeling that he was doing something similar. That is why I am here; I was a star for some people and I think now I wanna be a star for others. Cooper leaps up his chair Cooper: Yes, we have the last scene spinning and dancing, Tara is a ballerina in a music box or kind of a music box, she will dance to a Christmas songs, maybe something Nutcracker like, she will be the little girl that helps the good to win but the evil meaning Maureen and Alexei here you won't loose but win in another way. Alexei: I see you have a vision. Cooper: I do and training isn't over because this was just a break. Get your skates and teach Jodie and Maureen how to do a few moves and I hope everybody is willing to learn new things and wants this as bad as I want this to be a success because otherwise out the door and leave! Jodie: Of course we all want it; this will be a chance not only for the company but also for all us to be part of something special! Cooper: Great so go and let me work, I think I wanna write this down and Alexei maybe I need a few skaters and Maureen I want some college girls that are ok but not as great for, you know what I mean, tell me if I need to hire a skating coach and now I Cooper sits down and starts writing again, drawing scenes, researching the internet Everybody gets dressed to leave his apartment Jodie laughs: You know it's the old story good against bad, blondes against brown. Sergey: Tara is a red head! Jodie: True but I think that Cooper will figure something out. All laughing, they take Sergey's car this time driving to an ice skating ring in Brooklyn. Sergey: Ok, guys I know this is new ground but you will be able to do it, I am sure of it. I don't know what Cooper is thinking but we can try at least , let's do it, make him proud! Alexei helps Maureen on the ice Alexei: Hey great, should I show you some moves? Maureen: Something like that? Maureen is doing a pirouette. Jodie: Or something like that? Jodie is jumping a double toe-loop Alexei: Wow you are really good, where did you learn that? Jodie: Oh I always ignored Jonathan and all my ballet trainers because I love variety so I learned a lot of stuff from different people. Long winters is all I am saying. Here let me show you another one. From behind: Guys I should better do that, you know, I am the girl and for us girls it's different we have curves and you don't so, hey be careful. Alexei: Tara, how did you get here that fast? Tara: Oh I couldn't wait, called Cooper he already handed me some instructions and I am on it. More or less I have to show the girls' pirouettes and stuff like that, nothing major or too complicated, I am the jumping, twirling ballerina! Alexei laughs: Yes, you are good to have you back Tara! Tara: I think this will be fun because this is so fantastic and different and I am not alone. Jodie: I think we know what you ll mean then let's do that. Tara turns on music and commands the girls over the ice. She shows how to twist and float over the ice, Maureen and Jodie smiling at her working as hard as they can. Alexei: We can do that, are you still able to do a few jumps? Sergey: Lets try it! Toe-Loop? Alexei: Sure something to warm us up! The guys start to warm-up as well and Sergey remembers everything he learned during his childhood in Moscow and after three hours Cooper arrives with hot milkshakes for everybody. Cooper: Ballet is written and we can start right now! Sergey: Really? I mean how did you do that? Cooper: Muse hit me! Come on let me tell you the story, Maureen at the beginning you are together with Sergey and Alexei is together with Jodie. You are in high school, Tara you are Sergey's little sister. Alexei, you and Jodie are in a car, in a nice car believe me, Alexei you are drunk but still driving like we all did in high school, stupid thing but we did it anyway, it is prom night and everybody has a good time, that's why I told Maureen I need college girls. I mean we are making the big bang at the beginning something nobody ever did. Jodie: Sounds fantastic to me but our crew will have a hell of a time! Cooper: I know, Tara is on a bike, riding home from a friend and you guys hit her with that great car, Jodie storms out of the car but it's too late, she is critically injured, the EMTs come, loads of energy, music, drama, Tara is rushed into a hospital, she is an a coma, lies down and... Tara: I am in a coma? I am not in a coma, I thought, hey I am in this, I want to skate, I want to dance, that is what I signed up for and not for Cooper: Wait, wait hear me out. Jodie and Sergey are childhood friends and Jodie visits Tara as often as possible where she meets Sergey, her big love and soul mate. Sergey and Jodie have dream scenes with you Tara. At the end, two new couples emerge Sergey and Jodie and Maureen and Alexei. Maureen you and Alexei talk together because Alexei can't understand why Jodie spends so much time with Sergey on Tara s hospital bed when Tara is in a coma from what doctors expect she will never wake up again. Maureen you are jealous because you love Sergey but more and more you begin to understand the special bond that Jodie and Sergey always shared and you being to fall in love with Alexei. Alexei you regret everything crying at the end of the ballet at Tara s hospital bed, Sergey forgives you and it's starting to snow then Tara wakes up and it's a big dance around the Christmas tree, a celebration of life! Jodie: That's wonderful, it's a story everybody can relate to, it's for families and friends, grandmas can take their grandkids, its amazing, I love it. Cooper: And people will be able to understand it, its easy and fun, what do you think? Maureen: I think I can't wait to start training and I am sure Jim can give us some advice and equipment to make it more realistic. Cooper: Oh you are the best if you could do that and convince him to be part of this! But for today it's over, have some of these. I already talked to the rest of the company and they love it as well. Jodie: They don't think that you are abandoning them? Cooper: They think it's the right thing to do and there are loads of roles, they are happy to play teens with cars, I think it will be powerful. For the next eleven weeks I rented this ice stadium and Maureen, after your training I need you to call a few friends who help us build the scenes, costumes I need seamstresses, really important but we might be able to buy them on the high street and adjust them to make them more comfortable to dance in but I need Tara: I studied fashion, I will do that don't you worry boss and I get the girls in my art classes to create a wonderful stage! Cooper: Great! I knew this would be something that involves everybody. You know I want this to be a team event; I don't want outsiders to realize my vision. I wanna do that with you even if that means building, hammering, I think otherwise you can't dance it or more feel it! Jodie: I am with you on this Cooper! Jodie gives him the look and this time, for the first time in a long time Cooper blushes. Sergey: Any ideas what the other companies will do? Cooper takes a deep breath: I think Jonathan will do a lame classic ballet, powerful but classic and the others? No idea and I don't wanna know! I know that this will be it! I don't need to steal from others, I think this it it! Jodie: And we will be the best! Jodie hugs Cooper, Maureen drives takes the underground home, Alexei and Sergei are having a drink and Tara has to head back to NYU . Cooper: Then it's only us! Jodie: Yep! Cooper: Can I offer you a ride? Jodie: Yes! Cooper: I really like you and it's different than when we met for the first time I hope you know that! Jodie: I know, come on let's fill your fridge! Cooper: My fridge? Why do you wanna fill my fridge? Jodie: You want me to stay over don't you? Cooper smiles: Yes! Yes I want you to stay over again but I don't want to sleep on the couch! Jodie blushes: Then let's go shopping, you will have people over the whole time and eating is essential you said so yourself! Come on lets buy some groceries, healthy food and water![Chapter 3] At Coopers apartment Cooper: Woman, thank god this fridge is big, don't know if it's big enough thou! I never thought you can spend that much money in the supermarket, my god Jodie I hope you know what you are doing. Jodie: Well, I think that will last a week more or less. We are your team and we need the budget for the company and not for eating out! Cooper: Hungry? Jodie: Yes but I am cooking this time! Cooper: You are? Jodie: Yes, you can open a bottle of wine in the meantime! Cooper: That sounds great to me Jo! Jodie laughing: I knew you would say that. You know you have changed, I see that now. Normally you have the look in your eyes for every woman that passes by. Cooper: Look? What do you mean by look? Jodie: The look that makes women feel special for a few seconds in the daily life, when they realize they are worthy your time, the look that creates butterflies in your stomach and makes you believe in fairytales, that look. Cooper: Did I lose that? Oh my god... Jodie: Yes and no because, it's complicated. You still have the look and talk to women but it's not like you wanna drag them to bed anymore, you start to care and I think that is what matters most. Cooper comes to her and puts an arm around her waist Cooper: I care about you more than you think. Jodie: I know that and I am a bit afraid but this show will be great and I considering that you are trying really hard Cooper: You will be my prima ballerina forever, I told you from the start, you are my star but even if you re tiered or if we are doing something different, in my heart you will always be my prima ballerina because I don't know what happened to me, all the time when you were together with Charlie I thought I could handle the situation and I could at the beginning but now Jodie: Now? Cooper: I am happy that he dumped you! Jodie: Really? I mean why are you happy that I am hurt? Cooper: Yes I mean no, I didn't mean it like this! Come on let's eat, I am starving! Jodie laughs: The old Cooper would have dragged me directly into bed! Cooper: The old Cooper didn't know that eating is important and I need you to be fit that's why eating comes first and the other things second! Jodie: It's a deal! Over a glass of red wine the two finally talk about everything they needed to talk since they saw each other for the first time and Jodie realizes that it was Cooper all along. He cleans up the table, from the kitchen he asks her Cooper: Dessert? We have tiramisu and fresh fruit and Jodie takes a deep breath and takes of her shirt, standing up walking towards Cooper. Jodie whispering: I am your dessert. Cooper thinks he is dreaming and Jodie kisses his neck Jodie: If you ll have me Cooper whirls around: If I ll have you? I wanted you for months to say something like that! I was waiting and dreaming about that but I Cooper kisses her with all the passion he has, hugging her and then he picks her up and walks across the room and he puts her on the big bed that is overlooking the Hudson. Cooper: This time, it will be different. Jodie: I know and I am ready for this now, just kiss me again. The next morning The door bell is ringing; Jodie is laying in Coopers arms, happy and calm Jodie: Are you opening the door? Cooper: What time is it? Jodie looks at the big alarm clock Jodie: 5am Cooper: My god, who is that? It's the middle of the night, its still dark outside and Jodie goes to the door, yawning Jodie: Hello? Intercom: Hey it is me Tara, let me in I am freezing, I am already pressing the buzzer for a minute its cold out here so let me in! Jodie presses the button and lets Tara in side. Cooper: Who is disturbing my peace? I am not ready to see anybody, I want to be alone with you and I wanna make love to you and Jodie: Tara, its Tara. Cooper: Oh, I ll better hit the shower. Why is she coming at this time of day? Is she fallen out of bed, couldn't sleep? Jodie: Make some coffee and shower later, that's better. Jodie gives him a passionate kiss and opens the door Jodie: Good morning Tara. Tara: Oh hello you two! Jodie: Do you know what time it is? Tara: Oh of course but don't you? Cooper: Our training starts at 10am normally. Tara: Oh I am so sorry but I always trained at this time of day, should I leave again and come back later? Cooper smiles: No, stay. I ll make some breakfast, hungry? Tara: Yes Jodie: I ll do that Coop. Cooper: What's in the bag? Tara: Its, oh I worked all night see for yourself. Cooper pulls out T-Shirts and trousers and skirts, ballet shoes Cooper: Wow, Jodie that girl is Jodie: Tara this is, the ballet shoes look like sneakers, how did you do that? They are, oh my good, Cooper do you see what I see? Tara: Just samples but we can't dance in sneakers so I thought why not create something, don't worry skates look similar and here the dresses... Cooper: You are really talented but how did you do that? I mean, wow! Tara: Oh I am in a sorority; didn't I tell you that before? I have sisters and we all pulled an all-nighter oh that was so much fun! Cooper: You didn't but I should have guessed it you didn't win gold if you wouldn't be totally determined and insane! Tara: Thanks and my sisters helped me. I promised them free tickets for the premiere in return and that they could help us at every stage of the process! Cooper: Do they know how much work that is? I mean they are doing us a favour I would have hired some people but free work, hey I don't say no to that. Tara: They think its chic and fascinating and they, some might have a little crush on a certain ballet dancer who is now my boss and I did the whole thing but some of them still have the dream to be a ballerina so now they can be part of something that was their childhood dream and maybe at the end realize that dreaming and watching is great but most of all appreciate that they chose a different career path because they would never have been able to sacrifice so much of their lives. Cooper: Amazing little skating lady, I am totally impressed, Tara you Coopers gives her a big sisterly hug! Tara: Thank you! Can I have, hey let me breathe please I am really not that stable, I am hey boss please let me live... Cooper: Oh sorry and of course, here coffee with caramel and extra cream! Tara: Extra Cooper grins: After today you will think that the figure skating lessons were heaven on earth Tara: Ok but I am tough, so you really like the costumes? Cooper: Yes! Tara: Should I make any changes? Cooper: Not yet and calm down, you make me, it's early, I am not ready for so much energy that early and normally I mean in the old days I went to bed at that time of day. Doorbell rings again and Jodie answers Jodie: Hello Intercom: It's us, Sergey and Alexei Jodie: Come on up, breakfast is nearly ready. Jodie presses the button Jodie: Hello guys! Sergey: Goooood morning, here blinis and caviar Alexei: And vodka of course. Cooper: Wow, where did you? Sergey: We are Russians, do you like Cooper: Caviar? Caviar again? Guys I was a lady's man once, Caviar was the good stuff you know and I knew how to live a good life! Cooper looks at Jodie and blushes Sergey: We understand totally boss! Alexei sits down on the floor Alexei: Try that, blini with caviar and extra cream now a shot of vodka, perfect. Cooper: Wow, that is delicious man why didn't, sometimes I shouldn't, I need to free my head from not taking any advice because since I do my life is great. I wow, fantastic, this tastes amazing, I am in heaven and love it! Sergey: We know that, we are Russians and believe me we know the ladies as well and if you... Cooper grins: Nothing for the girls thou! Tara: Believe me you have to strangle me to eat fish in the morning! I mean this is disgusting and vodka before coffee and pure? Sergey smiling: Salmon with scrambled eggs? Tara: Where? All laughing Tara: Ok you got me I just don't like caviar! I think its disgusting. Alexei: I remember that. Tara: Yeah you know a lot about me, Alexei Sergey: Figure skating is very Tara: Don't continue Sergey: Promised! Doorbell rings again Jodie: Hello? Voice: It's me Maureen, am I Jodie: Come on up we are already having breakfast you are the last one! Maureen: Hey, I brought fresh croissants and pastries and hey guys Alexei: Blini caviar and cream? Maureen: Sure, why not? Sergey: Vodka? Cooper: Hey, the girls shouldn't be drinking! Maureen: Oh come on, let me try one! Cooper: Ok one shot but you need to eat and have the extra cream Maureen: Don't worry, last night I ate Jim's portion of spaghetti and he looked like an Alien at me, but hey I was hungry, training drained me! Jodie: Believe me I know what you mean, Cooper and I filled the fridge for the coming weeks, you can have a look! Cooper: Yep! But I think about twice next time better I just hand you girls my credit card and let you do the shopping, can you imagine going just grocery shopping, guys you don't wanna do this, Jodie was standing there looking and tasting everything, I am going to pack a few things and within 10 I am outta there but we needed more than 2 hours! 2 hours. Jodie shoves him Cooper: Hey Jodie: Wasn't the desert worth it? Cooper blushes: It was! Maureen excited: I love shopping groceries that is now my favorite hobby, never thought how good things could taste and they don't make me fat, if I am doing sports or even just walk I need to eat so that is what I am doing. Dancing like this is what I always wanted and Jim wants to talk to you Cooper! Cooper: About you? About me being your Maureen laughs: No, about the show, about what we are able to borrow from the hospital etc. Cooper relieved: That sounds better to me; tell him I am making a list and warn him it could be a really long one, I want everything to look realistic and you know I can be a perfectionist! Maureen: I know and I am sure he will get you everything and I know that you want things to be perfect. I was trained at the ABA, common history, I heard things and I saw you training till early morning hours when I was just a little girl so I know what's coming believe me and I am totally in for it. Now can I have a honey latte with extra cream on top please? Cooper: Sure! Coming right up! Jodie: Are we Cooper: You have to train with me after this gorgeous breakfast, than you ll do your routines, be a bit creative, help Tara while I talk to the rest of the team. Jodie: Are you sure they don't get jealous? Cooper: They know that I want the best and they know that they are good but they aren't you guys so don't be worried, I hired a Jazz coach for them and I hired Briana and they love her. After all without her I wouldn't be here... Jodie smiles: True, you wouldn't, she encouraged you to build the company and to get me and to Cooper smiles: Now let's start, you will hate me after this session but it will be worth it, believe me I know what you guys are capable of doing Like the day before, 3 hours later the group lies on the floor again, all breathing heavily. Tara: Guys, I don't know, this is incredible but you are a the dev ...! Cooper interrupting Tara: Told you she will hate me. Tara: Shower? Please, water? I need Cooper: Of course, go ahead, you did a great job I am truly impressed, more than impressed and I don't get impressed that easy so I am impressed same like with Alexei yesterday! Tara: Thanks, I am feeling horrible and exhausted and although my body hates you, my mind thinks you are a genius a real genius but please... Cooper: Go, second door on the left, towels are in the white cupboard next to the shower. Take whatever you need! Tara: Thanks, I ll appreciate that very much! Tara hits the shower and Alexei slides down to the wooden floor of the studio Alexei: She is right and I need to sit down for a bit, I am sorry Cooper but I thought my Russian coaches were hard but you, Sergey he is crazy was he always like this? Why couldn't you have warned me? Maybe I would have said no! I mean I feel bones that I have never felt in my life! Sergey: I told you before but you didn't listen, you wouldn't believe me telling me that nobody could be harder than the coaches you had and you wouldn't have said no, that's not you, you love challenges! Alexei: True and this is one! Sergey grins: We ballet dancers and Cooper knower's are used to that although today was tough even for somebody used to the ABA style! Cooper: Thank you! Alexei: Cooper, you are good! Man you are good although like Tara my body hates you, every bone hurts, my feet hurt and I am so tiered! Cooper laughs: We are taking a break guys but I ll expect you to go to the ice centre and do routines there. Alexei, you and Sergey are working together and Tara should show Maureen and Jodie what it takes, to bring my vision on ice. Work and build my dream, that's your job! Sergey: I d rather do that than do another move here in the studio, my god Cooper you are insane today, I mean I had to do the triple pirouette ten times why? Cooper: Because on stage it must feel like a normal step for you. Got it? Sergey: Yes, understood and we will kill Jonathan and that makes it worth it even if I have to do it 100 times next time! Cooper: Thank you! Don't you say that we are killing Jonathan we will just take away his pride and money, Maureen are you Maureen laughs: I am not ill ok? I feel fine, I am just exhausted but I feel great and I have to agree with Tara this piece of art will be wonderful and Jonathan will have a hell of a time which I think is great after all he thought that I am fat and that got me into trouble in the first place! You on the other hand, you are making me a milkshake and train me down, so I think that's the right way to work in ballet. Cooper: It's a bit payback time for you as well; I assume your mother doesn't know that you are working for me now? Maureen grins: She doesn't, she would kill me right away, that's why it's even more fun to do it! And that's why I am trying even harder as you might have noticed! Jodie: I know what you mean and to be quite honest to see the ABA on the ground again would feel perfect and I think we are doing more what the people really want instead of what Jonathan thinks is right for them. We are creating something normal people like my parents understand and not only some who think they get the vision that some choreographer has in his freaking mind! Cooper: Yep and I am thankful to all of you that you are trying to make this perfect and that you can convey what I am thinking; I think we are a good team, a really good team. I realized that after the first 5 minutes! Sergey: Right but now, go, too much of your compliments might make us lazy and sloppy! Cooper: Ill be back don't you worry! Sergey: WE know that, meet you at the ice Stadium at 4 and I think we ll have something for you! Cooper: Sure! I ll organise something special for you if I like what I see. Tara comes back from the shower Tara: Special from you? I ll think I call the girls! Cooper laughs: Do that and beg them to help us with costumes and everything that surrounds this, I had a look at what we needs and the narrow time frame, I think its all hands on deck. For example we need posters and advertising that is something I forgot about and Tara: Go, I ll handle that! Kissing Jodie Goodbye, Cooper leaves to meet some people in lower manhattan Jodie: If I didn't know what the end result will look like based on the workshop, I would leave right away and go to Canada, my feet are aching, I am afraid to look at them because they hurt like hell and so is my head and he wants us to do another session on ice. He is mad and extreme, and manic but Alexei: Yes he might be but he is excellent, I know my flaws, I think we all do and he sees them every time even if we do our best to hide our weaknesses. He helps us and makes us better in believing that we are able to do it. He believes that if you repeat something 100 times more in the end you got it! Maureen: Yes but I am heading for that fridge! Maureen stands up and opens the door Maureen: Wow, it's filled and oh my goodness full fat milk, I am having a few cereals and Jodie: I am taking a bowl as well and here a fresh fruits... Sergey: Oh and you bought bananas! Jodie: Yes, I thought they might help us. Tara: I am getting some as well, who is next? Sergey storms the bathroom before anyone is able to make a move for it. Alexei: You know if we train on ice I would recommend something a bit more Jodie: What do you think? Alexei: I am opting for the obvious. Maureen: You are not thinking Alexei: Pasta and fish! Maureen: Me the pasta and you the fish? Jodie: I ll make the sauce! Alexei: Fine by me! Together they cook and one after another hits the shower finally they have lunch together. Jodie: This was fantastic, I am feeling great again. Ice I am coming, I am totally re-energized. Tara laughs: Believe me the next 2 hours won't be easy. Jodie: Oh I don't care; good music and thick socks should do the trick. I don't care if I am falling on my bottom; at least the bruising won't hurt as much on ice. Tara: I wouldn't say that but I ll leave you guys with it and now come on let's do it! In the Ice centre Tara: Hey Jodie, this is supposed to look nice and not like you are some beginner that looks for glory, where are your arms? Get your arms into first position or I ll put them there! Jodie: Here see, but I have to find balance first, this is not easy you know my lessons were ages ago and Tara: Balance is in your head and you need to slide more, hey I am the one here in bed, you need to be more sorry, your eyes have to tell a story, this is supposed to look like a fairytale, you are crying, you are sorry but the public doesn't get that because your eyes don't tell that story, hey slide more, the music will be soft at the moment, let me show you what I mean... Tara jumps up and shows Jodie what she has in mind Jodie: Ok, you want it to look more like floating on a river! Tara: Yes, I am the one in the coma but you are sorry for that, you can't believe what happened and you cry but your body has to cry as well, the people who are watching have to feel the pain... Jodie tries it again and again until Tara smiles Tara: That's what I mean! Great, you are getting there! Alexei: Now Sergey you are the one coming in, you are seeing your ex, you are watching her, than you are taking her hand and this is the moment when it happens, pas-de-deux on ice. Jodie: Ok, Sergey now! Sergey: My hand here and I am lifting her up and later Jodie: What are you doing? Sergey: Letting you down and slide... Alexei: Yes, wow! Sergey, did you watch Sergey: I did, I was thinking you might want to do something like this! Alexei: Well you watched very closely and sliding Jodie, good! Tara: This is great, good beginning. Maureen, next scene it's you and Alexei. You are frustrated, you are hurt, dance that. Here the music is like this! Maureen closes her eyes, goes on the ice and dances her heart out, Tara is thrilled! Tara: Wonderful! With a few changes that's your solo and great interpretation skills for a ballerina that just used figure skating as a way of blowing of steam! A furious ballerina on ice, not perfect yet but a great start! Maureen: Thanks! Good thing that I took some lessons when I was younger! Tara: I see that and I am impressed being professional dancers that are able to skate. You will be able to learn that in not time but guys this is going to be huge so Alexei: Normally you are a skater in a pair or you dance or you are competing as in the singles competition. Tara: Exactly! Nobody until now has tried to dance and perform in one show as single but also as a couple and dancing. I know its crazy but we are good and dancers have an incredible feeling for timing. The four of you have to try to think alike. I mean we all have to think alike we have to be and to act as one. In the first scene when Alexei hits me with his car he has to throw me into the air and that is not gonna be easy... Voices: Tara, Tara, we are here! Tara sisters are arriving Tara rushes around: Oh hey girls, there you are. Thanks so much for coming. Adriana: Hey Tara, oh so good to see you. Here we have finished the costumes and we are about to build the scenery back at the house. Are you finished for today? Tara: I am not, I am so sorry. I ll have a look at everything tonight. Adriana: That s ok what we saw you doing on the ice looks great doesn't it? Cooper emerges from a dark corner Cooper: Great job people! It's fantastic, I am so glad Sergey called you! Tara, you deserved to win when you were 16, you are a great choreographer and trainer! Alexei, same goes for you! Adriana smiles at Cooper and Jodie gives him a look Cooper laughs, goes to Jodie and kisses her Cooper: You were great my prima ballerina! Adriana looks irritated but finds her smile immediately back when she sees that Alexei gives her the look. Adriana: I am calling some agencies, I hope you really like what I am doing with the others! Cooper: I am grateful for every help we can get and I think you girls did an amazing job. We really need you! Adriana: Can we use them or at least parts of them for our final work, I mean would you mind Cooper: You mean if you can use the ballet as your final course work? The advertising part, the costumes depending which course its related to. Adriana: Yes, I mean if you don't mind but if you mind, I ll do something else and I am sure the girls will come up with, I am sorry we should have Cooper: I think the company would be honoured and Tara: Thank you! Tara: Hey, please don't say thank you again until dress rehearsal? Cooper: Why? Tara: Because you want us to train like hell and not to get lazy! That includes me when it comes to ballet lessons! Cooper: Ok, deal but I liked what I saw and that's why I organized these for you! Coopers hands out full fat chocolate lattes for everybody Maureen: You are the best coach in town, a slayer and slave trader but these are my favs. I think Jim Jim comes in and hugs her Jim: Hey Cooper, I hope you don't mind stealing my girlfriend away for the evening! Cooper: I don't mind, she had a hell of a day and I need your input. Can we do Cooper explains Jim what he needs and Jim takes notes Jim: I ll organize that and some of my guys, they will be thrilled to work with ballerinas and girls from Tara sorority! Cooper: Great! Adriana: Oh the girls will love med students, you know in our sorority some girls dream is to marry a doctor and move to Long Island! Jim laughs: Well I am sure Matt will be thrilled to help one of your sisters with that. Maureen: Jim Jim kisses his girlfriend and continues Jim: Cooper, just make sure Maureen eats something! Cooper: She eats don't worry, she does and I ll keep an eye on her so does Jodie! Maureen: Not ill and I am a person, I am here! Cooper: I know and you could indeed gain 1 or 2 kilos. Maureen: Really? I mean, I thought Jonathan would I need to drop them and I! Cooper: Winter, you are a girl in college and if I am not totally mistaken and Jim interrupt me but in every session the girls lose about 4000 calories! Jodie: Really? We do? 4000 that's like 8 big macs and shakes including French fries or like only half a box of my favourite chocolates or one meal at Cooper: Stop, hey there wait a second, how do you know all this stuff? Jodie: Don't ask and shut up for a second! Jim is 4000 really true? Jim: Yes, it is about right depending on weight and height, with Coopers training I would think so and if you include the training on ice even more. Cooper: These calories need to be replaced and that means eating light stuff that you like, that is replacing the calories you lose with food that lets you dance. Tara: Yes and guys, milkshakes are always a quick fix, especially and I am sorry Alexei Alexei: Go on, I am still translating sometimes. Tara smiles: Thanks but what I wanted to say is these shakes are not only replacing the calories but are also high on calcium that makes your bones stronger and in figure skating that's what you need because yes even if you do everything right, sometimes you fall and your bones should be strong enough to resist from breaking as long as possible so Maureen: So if I am longing for a cheese platter and ice cream that's fine? Cooper: Yes, come on let's have something to eat at La Pont de la tour! Jodie: Wine? Cooper: One glass, are you guys with us? Tara: Oh if we are really finished for the day, I am going to see the sisters, Adriana, girls Adriana: I would Alexei: I am coming with you girls; didn't you say you need some advice for the scenery? Tara: Great and yes. Everybody will be thrilled to meet you, I mean you are Sergey: And I am hitting the clubs, alone! Cooper: Sergey, you are Sergey: You can kill me tomorrow but I ll need to let go! Cooper: Maureen, Jim? Maureen: Home? Jim: Yes, but she will be back! Cooper: Ok, than I ll see you guys tomorrow at Tara: 7 at your place! Cooper: 7? Tara: 6, I ll bring breakfast! Cooper: You are insane! Tara: You want to win, don't you? Cooper: Winning, yes but why are you calling the shots suddenly? I mean I am the producer, choreographer and director as well as your trainer and... Tara: Who has the gold medal in her closet? Alexei starts laughing: I do and I will be there! Tara sticks his tongue out to Alexei Tara: Well I was younger when I won it! Alexei laughs and nods, he loves Tara and thinks she is an amazing figure skater. Cooper: Sleep deprivation is a hard thing and Tara: Then go to bed and sleep for once! Maureen and Jim are leaving Sergey: Tara, I ll hate you, you know morning trainings aren't my style! Tara: Well, I know something you don't and for that you will hate me even more! Sergey: Spill it out! Tara: Well, I know a certain Galina who not only hooked up with Mikhail because she wanted a spot as a ballerina but there are rumours, just rumours that your former buddy Yevgeni is into her as well! Sergey: Well, I need a drink and I am not only blowing off steam I am taking the next girl and get drunk the Russian way with her. Thanks Tara! Sergey storms out the ice centre Cooper: Tara, you know he shouldn't have told him. Now he is doing something that he ll regret and Tara: I know but he will drink and then train his heart out until he cries that is the way he handles these kinds of situations. Cooper: How do you know that? Tara: That's what I did and in his heart, I am sorry to say that Cooper but he was a great figure skater even if he never won Gold. He is a great dancer but when he is hurt he will do what he can, you ll see tomorrow. Tara looks at him with her deep blue eyes. Cooper: I ll trust you! Adriana, Tara, the girls and Alexei are leaving Jodie: And it's only us! Cooper: Yes! Jodie: Thank you! Cooper: Thank you for what? Jodie: For making me your woman?! Cooper smiles: She is not my type and Jodie: And Alexei gave her the look! Cooper: He did and I think that might be a good fit. Jodie: How do you know that? Cooper: Just a feeling, come on let's go! Jodie: But Cooper: Oh and if we meet ABAs there so be it. You are with me! Jodie: I am with you? Cooper: And that will never change! Jodie: Are you? Cooper kisses her Jodie: I believe you this time. Let's go, I am freezing![Chapter 4] At the Pont de la tour Cooper: You looked great on ice today! Jodie: Thanks but Tara was hard, you didn't hear her screaming at me to put my hips higher, to get more balance but in the end Cooper: She was right? Jodie: Yes and because she is so used to work with a video, you ll see everything and I think it's a good method when you don't have the mirror of a ballet studio. Cooper: And you tried it again? Jodie: Of course and with every minute I got better. I hope in a few weeks it will look perfect, although tomorrow Tara will train jumps with us and Cooper: You ll manage! Jodie: Hopefully yes, what do you think about the costumes? Cooper: The once that are finished or the once that just exist on paper? Jodie: Both! Cooper: The one you will be wearing, the white one in the scene with Tara in the coma is wonderful. I think the whole audience will cry, it will be an essential part of the play and I admire Adriana and Tara for their skills and admiration to be able to create something like this! Jodie: I can't draw! Cooper: You can dance and cook! Jodie: Yes maybe I ll start a second career after ballet! Cooper: Good to know! Both enjoy their evening together when suddenly Jodie looks around and turns white Cooper: Is everything ok? Jodie: Charlie, he is here, I don't think I Cooper: Hey, it's ok. You are with me and not with him anymore! Jodie with nearly no breath Jodie: Jonathan, he is Cooper: Hey, you need to breathe, come on in and out! Don't panic! Cooper stands up, slides on the bench next to her and holds her tight while Jodie starts shivering Cooper: Hey, again one deep breath, calm down! Let me do the talking! Jodie nods and hopes she can hold back her tears. Cooper: Hey Jonathan, Charlie, so alone? Jonathan: Cooper, Jodie, what a nice surprise so see you here! Charlie: I was right, you had an..! Cooper: Hey, hey, you my friend should be careful what you about to imply! Charlie: Why? It's obvious that are sleeping with her. Cooper: After you dumped her with that letter I mean you could have told her in person but you weren't man enough to do that. She cried her heart out and yes I comforted her and realized how much I still love her but before she was a loyal girlfriend and don't you dare implying anything else but this. She is not Katherine, Jonathan. Jonathan: Still jealous? Jealous that I got her and that she stayed with me and not you? Cooper: You have an aging prima ballerina dancing with a guy that is obviously too young for her, that will look silly on stage. Charlie: I am the lead in the new play and Jonathan: Katherine won't be dancing the female lead in the new ballet, Eva or Anna will, I haven't decided that yet! Cooper: Eva and Eric you mean! Charlie: Eva and me you..! Cooper: Well, well what a surprise. I can't imagine what lame ballet you will be doing again. Jonathan: I heard you got yourself an anorexic! Jodie fumes: Don't you dare talking about Maureen like that, she was ill because of you! Jonathan: Jodie, you and Maureen would have never made it in my company. Cooper: Jodie and Maureen are too good for you, I am so happy they decided to join my company! And now would you excuse us, we will continue our dinner elsewhere Cooper holds out one hand for Jodie, leaving the restaurant Jodie: Are we giving up? Cooper: No! But I felt my bad temper coming through and I didn't want to hit Jonathan or Charlie and creating the scene that's why I needed to cool down and go out! Jodie: Will we be better? Do you really think we can beat them on stage? Cooper looks at her: Of course! Hey I know you like Eva, she is a good girl but Jonathan makes her into something she isn't. She changed, she wants to be like them and there is nothing you can do about it at the moment. Jodie tears are rolling down her face, she misses Eva who used to be a great friend. Jodie: I know Cooper: Hey, our ballet will rock the world and at the end the public and not some critic is going to decide who wins and I think Jonathan forgets that sometimes... Jodie: What are we doing about Eva? I don't want to fight with her. I like her, I Cooper: At the moment? Nothing there is nothing we can do about that at the moment believe me. I might ask Maureens help, she was the one who got help from her before workshop! The next morning at Coopers Apartment Tara: I heard you met Jonathan and Charlie last night. Jodie: Yes! Cooper: And we Jodie furious: They are so sure they will win so we have to be extra careful, we have to train harder, be more creative than ever and when we dance it has to look easy and light, Cooper was great and didn't Sergey comes in Sergey: You didn't hit the bastard? Not even Charlie? Believe me in your situation, I probably would have but so I am Russian, we do that. Cooper laughing: You would have, I am sure. I didn't, I wanted but I didn't do it. Although nobody knows it better than you indeed how much I wanted to do that! Are you ok? I mean you can't have had an easy night? Sergey: Yes I am ok and I didn't get drunk although I wanted to but I realized she isn't worth the headache and the trouble! Just a woman and there are others out there. Tara grinning: Really? Sergey: Yes I came to me after the first drink, I was thinking you might introduce me to some of your friends. So then I hit straight back to the ring and skated for the last 5 hours because I felt like it and now my body is hurting but not my head, it's clear and I loved every second of it! Cooper: And? I know you aren't finished let me see what you done. Sergey: You are right, I have a solo and hope you like it and are not mad at me that I created it myself! Sergey puts in a video tape and everybody watches it. Tara: You are great, wow that looks amazing! Sergey: I Cooper: Why did you never Sergey: Because I thought I wasn't good enough and I loved ballet, I met Galina shortly before my first big competition and she wanted to be a ballerina and so I left everything behind. Cooper: But you are Sergey: Don't you worry I am a ballet dancer so I won't leave the company but I think I enjoy being back on the ice. Alexei: You could have taken away the gold from me. Sergey: Maybe on a good day but then it's good that you got it! Alexei hugs him: Thanks buddy! Jodie: Cooper and I created the solo for the last act, can we show it to them Coop? Cooper: Of course! Sergey watch closely! Sergey: Yep! Cooper and Jodie show them the pas de deux Maureen: I don't know what to say! Cooper: That bad? Oh, I should have don't one the pirouette at the end is too much, right? Maureen: Cooper shut up you are a genius the people will love it! Sergey: Baryshnikov would be proud of that! Cooper blushes: Hey I am not that good; I just tried things here and there... Sergey: Let me try it, Jodie? Jodie: At your service! Dancing Cooper: That looks good to me! Sergey: Well let's see how good it looks on ice! I mean the people will love the mixture of it! I hope we will be able to switch quick enough between figure skates and ballet shoes. Tara: You will and you are great, may I show you something I prepared for you guys? Cooper: I am all ears. Tara stands up and starts spinning and dancing in the studio after the she finishes Cooper leaps up and hugs her! Tara: Hey, everything ok? Hey let me breathe, I am a tiny person and I am breakable, I am really stop shaking me, outch! Cooper: Oh yes, you are the best that was nearly the exact same vision I had, with lights and in front of the Rockefeller Center it will be so perfect! You are so fantastic, I love you Tara you are amazing! Tara: Thank you! Cooper: My god, this is like a dream, I mean in front of the Rockefeller Center, the Christmas tree and Tara dancing and spinning on ice, you guys dancing your heart out as dancers, the mixture between dancers and skaters will be, that will blow of peoples mind. We will exceed everyone's expectation. We will be the best and Jonathan will be furious! Jodie: Hey Cooper, calm down you know we aren't there yet but this will be good, we have a plan and we will do it. Cooper: I know, I know but Alexei: We are team, you are the boss but this is teamwork, we are working our butts off for you, understood? So go back, write and help us to make the best piece of ballet the world has ever seen. Cooper: I will and the ABA will cry and they will hate us. Maureen: Cooper! You said we would keep it professional. Cooper: Oh well you all know what I mean and I don't care. Jim comes in followed by his best friend Matt Jim: Hey everybody, its good to see you. I hope we aren't disturbing? Maureen: Jim, hey it's so good to see you! Jim: Hey sweetheart, look who I brought for you guys. Maureen: Matt, he could convince you to be part of this? I am impressed. Matt: Of course, being a med student doesn't mean you can't have any fun, I already organized everything from the clinic and called one of dads contractors so they will help us to built all the wooden stuff and I secured the Rockefeller Center when I realized it wasn't booked yet. Cooper: Shi...mmmm I forgot to do that and this is and Matt laughs: I hope that was ok, I know I shouldn't have its your company but, I heard a few things here and there and I knew it would be a hard thing to do anyway. Maureen you know how big my parents are into art and Cooper I enjoyed watching you several times from our own balcony at the Lincoln Center. Cooper: Balcony, Lincoln Center? Stop, how could you secure the Rockefeller Centre? Matt looks guilty just realizing that now he has to tell him the truth. Cooper: Why as a simple med student did you have the opportunity to watch me when you were like 10? Matt looks even guiltier, he knows he has to tell him Matt: I am, my Cooper takes a deep breath Cooper: Who are your parents? I mean securing the Rockefeller Center like booking a table at a simple restaurant, having your own spot at the Lincoln, I have met them, I have met your parents, but who, did I meet you, I really can't remember, should I? Cooper looks at him trying to find out who he is and Matt's answers his thoughts! Matt laughs to relieve him: My parents are Valerie and Paul Vanderbuilt. Cooper spills out his latte onto Tara's shirt Tara: Hey you idiot dumb boy, oh boss, oh I am sorry, I didn't mean it that particular way but spilled your latte into my Cooper: You, your parents are, your mother... Cooper blushes more than ever and mumbles something Jodie looks at him and smiles and realizes this is something Cooper is afraid of telling her, a woman from the past, he really cares and with that Jodie: Cooper, what did you, do I have to be jealous? Matt laughs: Mom already told me so don't worry, she is a huge fan of your work and normally supports the ABA and I know she had a flirt with you when my dad was thinking of divorcing her don't worry really, calm down and relax I know it all. Anyway by coincidence I met Jim and he told me Maureen's story and I thought that Jonathan was crazy because Maureen looks good, sick on the pictures I saw of her and she isn't fat at all now I couldn't imagine that she was slimmer at one time, if I hadn't seen the pictures of her before I mean look at her, she is a great healthy looking girl. Maureen: Thank you Matt, I really appreciate that coming from you! Jim: Matt Matt: Hey buddy no worries, I admire you for having a girl like her and let me continue after you told me what you are planning I convinced them otherwise. I convinced my parents to sponsor you Cooper instead of the ABA this year! Cooper: You are really wow I don't know what to say I am overwhelmed, I am really Matt: Well there is a catch! Cooper: Anything! I ll do anything really because this helps a lot and I don't need to look for other sponsor and I will be able to fully concentrate on my job as a choreographer because I know that Valerie will do everything for us, she loves to get involved in every detail. Matt: Good! J Here is the catch: I promised her in advance she gets tickets to every show and a backstage pass and that you dance for free at the next fundraiser she organizes because that will make her happy believe me and money isn't really everything if it's for a good cause. Cooper: Tell her she gets a personal Jodie: Cooper Sergey: Ill do that Matt: I ll tell her, thank god my parents are married for over 20 years now. Cooper: This will be fantastic and my god another one of my problems solved. I will drag the ABA into the ground. This will be the best thing I ever Matt: Of course it will be, because Jim and I were watching a few minutes and mom dragged me into many ballets this is different, this is something the people will love, the people can related to, that people will think is new and fresh and... Cooper: I am going to make some calls. Tara: I ll get us running! Matt: Can I train with you? Cooper who just had another sip of a bottle of water this time nearly Tara: Don't do that again, I warn you, I just changed. Breathe and then swallow please just swallow it slowly... Cooper swallows the water and Tara smiles at him Tara: Well done boss! Matt: If you are asking then the answer is, I need to stay fit and my mother wanted a ballet dancer for a son. But I going be a doctor, a good one or I become a philanthropist like my parents continuing their dreams, my brother Paul will overtake the family business and mom I think she is ok with the doctor. Cooper: That explains it all, it really does, I think you enrolled in one of the ABA courses once when you were younger. Well you can train with us, studio is big enough but stop at the right time. These guys are professionals and Matt: Don't worry Tara gives him a big smile Tara: Good, training starts people so let's go![Chapter 5] 4 hours later at the Ice Rink Cooper: I need more helpers to change the sets, its too Jim: We ll get more don't worry, we have it under control. Matt: Exactly, my I kind of Cooper: Valerie, it's so good to see you again! Valerie: The pleasure is mutual Cooper Valerie and Cooper embrace each other with a kiss on each cheek. Cooper: May I present my girlfriend to you? Jodie Sawyer Valeries smiles brightens: I am so delighted, you are going to be the next big star I hope I am allowed to watch your work and Jodie: I Cooper: Valerie? This is hard work and Valerie: I will be quiet but seeing you guys do what you re doing, this was my dream when I was a child once, as a young girl. Now I am old, have two brilliant sons myself but watching you guys do that I feel part of it and Jodie is a star in rising and Jodie: Thank you but that's Valerie: Don't underestimate yourself, I told that Jonathan once but the reason you aren't with the ABA is Katherine, you would have taken away her throne and after I heard what happened to Maureen I had to support you guys. Jodie hugs her: Thank you! Valerie: You re welcome! Jodie: Cooper, let Ms Vanderbilt watch. Cooper: Ok but Val Valerie: Yes? Cooper: No talking and no phones! Valerie: If I need to make a call I am going outside. Matt already introduced me to Adriana I am going to help her with marketing, advertising and clothing. You know how good I am in schmoozing people. Cooper: Great, more women and yes I know that! Valerie watches Tara talking to Matt and starts smiling, she knows something is going on. Jodie: Is everything alright? Valerie: I think I am getting a gold medallist as a daughter in law! Cooper: Valerie, they just talk. Jodie: She is right don't you see? Cooper: How, you too are freaking me out. Valerie: They have the same chemistry like you and Jodie and Paul and I. Cooper: Women! Jodie gives him a shove into his right arm. Cooper: Outch! Valerie: You deserved that as a man! Sorry Cooper! Cooper: Maybe. Stay here Val, training starts again! People let's move, pause is over we don't have much time! Matt and Valerie start watching the training Valerie: He is a genius, always was as a dancer and now as choreographer. Matt: He is, that is the first ballet I will really enjoy watching because it's still a ballet not a musical but it has this energy. Valerie: Jodie is fantastic in it, she is the next star of the scene, she is what this genre needs and Cooper, he tries something new and innovative and he is sexy and people love him, especially women and I Matt: Mother... Valerie: Hey even I grew up, I love your father but I can admire Coopers work, cant I son? Matt: You can and Tara, see that will be last scene, she is spinning and spinning and, with the right light and costumes, people will go crazy. Valerie: They will, you couldn't have booked a better spot, the Rockefeller Center, I mean it wasn't my idea but you booked it, great job, believe I am organizing first class publicity for them although I am not sure they need it. Matt: What about the ABA? You supported them for quite a while, they won't be happy about that. Valerie: Jonathan is still a friend but I heard things I can't tell you, maybe after everything is over but at the moment these guys need to concentrate and Tara is a nice girl. Matt: I know and people loved her at 16. Valerie: And you? Matt: Time mother, I just met her. Valerie: Thank god I only wanted a ballet dancer and not a figure skater. Matt: Well Cooper was impressed this morning, is that ok with you? Valerie: You will be the only doc I trust in the future, ok? Matt hugs his mother Valerie: Love you but you know what? Matt: What? Valerie: I am happy that I didn't decide to become a real dancer because that is a lot of work and Cooper is a perfectionist and I would never have met his standards, in my heart I am too lazy for all that stress and I think most the women who admire dancing especially ballet think that. Matt laughs: I love you mom for telling me the truth. On the ice Tara exhausted: And? Cooper: Spinning is great but more passion, be a bit more sensible, the jumps are great but more energy and elegance! Tara: More Michelle, more Katharina and more Sasha I am trying, got that boss! Cooper: But triples are staying in don't you dare doing one triple less; I want that to be perfect! Tara: Of course, why should I leave out my signature! Cooper: Good Tara skates again and tries to convey the things Cooper told her to do, she knows it's true and gives it her best. Cooper: Jodie, I really love you but you have to concentrate more, focus look at Tara. Jodie: I am not a figure skater Cooper, this is the first time I am doing that professionally Cooper: Well, now you are a figure skater so try harder! Jodie sticks out her tongue but know he is right. Sergey: Come on I ll train with you, he is in a bad mood! Jodie: Thanks! Cooper: Yes, just train together maybe you get better. Cooper and Jodie are skating to a different corner Sergey whispers: Don't let it get to you, you know how he is. Jodie: I know, I also know that he will kiss me tonight and all will be forgotten he just want this to be perfect so let me hate him for a few hours before I kiss him again. Sergey: I am impressed Ms Sawyer you have grown a lot during the last few weeks. Cooper, I think, Alexei? Alexei: Yes? Cooper: If you are that good and I have to admit I watched your Olympic long program in 2002 and on youtube again and again and I thought in my mind if this guy is that good and has it in him; why not try a quintuple for my audience, wouldn't that be great! Tara stops in the middle of her pirouette and Alexei looks at him with a puzzled and angry look. Alexei: Are you fucking out of your mind? These aren't the games, I like to live and I don't compete on any Olympic level anymore and there isn't a jury here where I have to fight for every point in the end this is a ballet competition and not a skating competition. I like my life and I don't want to break my neck nor something else, are you fucking crazy? I mean sorry boss, but that is really, you know Sergey overhearing that skates over Sergey: Cooper this is insane stop that! I mean do you know how hard it is to get your bottom up in the air. I mean sorry for the language but you didn't try that so far and its dangerous, really dangerous. Cooper: You are going to train with Jodie so shut up, skate away, Alexei I know you can do it, I know it in my bones just try it and fight for it. You already know the other stuff, you are exceptional and I ll help you with the ballet lessons, help you don't need help but please try, do it for us. Tara: It is risky and ill, tell you what boss? Cooper: Yes? Tara: I am doing a quadruple at the end and then I am going to spin, spin for 5 minutes until everybody is on the ice dancing and the audience breaks into applause. Cooper: Sounds fantastic! But there is a catc Tara: I wasn't finished. Before I do that Alexei because you are so happy and thankful that I woke up you got Maureen you try the quintuple and you will land it, it is your jump to freedom, your jump of passion and joy and overwhelming love realizing you didn't kill a little girl. Alexei: Tara its sounds great and I get all the things you want the audience to feel but don't you encourage him; you know how hard that is, these things take months and I haven't even cleanly landed a quadruple only Eyegeni is able to do that flawlessly every time. Tara: Well come on, it's like a double for the others. Alexei: She is crazy guys and Cooper you are foolish to think we can do it. I am nearly sorry that I offered my help if I am now risking my health. Cooper: I know, but I wanna win and come on wouldn't it be perfect t to be the first figure skater to do this, putting an end to the dreams of Eyvgeni? Your rival? The one that stole one gold medal from you? The one that beat people thought he was more talented and more fun? Alexei: You know which buttons to press, always! I really want to Cooper smiling: Oh yes I do that is why I am the boss! Training continues and the crew later walks to Coopers apartment to train the ballet scenes. At the end of the training session Tara: Alexei, let's go! Alexei: I am tiered, Tara Tara: Well I am as well. But when I think about it I am also refreshed and happy, I thought about it the whole afternoon. Come on let s at least try it. Wouldn't it be wonderful to be the first? Imagine the jump would be named after you. Every time an athlete does it your name would be mentioned, every time in every competition like the Biellmann Pirouette... Alexei: You know a lot about male egos. Tara: No, but I know what it feels to be the youngest female athlete ever to win a gold medal, it isn't Sonja Heni anymore, its Tara Lipinski and I don't doubt that somebody will ever be younger because they will increase the age to 16. Alexei grins, his bones hurt but he knows that this is nothing compared to the weeks he spend training for his Olympic Gold medal Alexei gives in: Ok, let s go, Cooper? Cooper: Yes? Tara: We are leaving Cooper: But training isn't over yet, you Tara: We are trying it and we need to quiet for the day! Alexei: Please? Cooper smiles: Go! Make my dream come true or at least try it. I love you guys! Tara and Alexei are leaving the studio Cooper: If they are really able to do that, I am the, I mean Sergey: They told you they try and it takes normally time, loads of time to add one more spin Cooper: They both won gold, they will make it. Tara wants that more than anything so I have faith. My god this is getting better and better and better. Sergey: Can we Cooper: If you continue the sentence its 100 more Sergey: You are a bloody perfectionist boss! Cooper: True but I am also the guy who gets your name into the papers making you to one of the best dancers in the world. I am going to make you and Jodie into a stars, stars that the people will recognize in the streets. You are going to be more than ballet dancers. Sergey: You are probably right, you can do that. Cooper: If you leave, you re dead! Sergey: Would never dream to do that. Where else would I find a boss that enjoys Vodka and Caviar as much as do? Cooper grinning: Well, I would be in for that later, just as an inspiration and we should try it with Cheddar or a light camembert? We needs grapes, I know the perfect place… All laughing Later that night at the ice ring Tara: We are alone and we promised to try it, so let's do that! Alexei: Why are we alone? I mean if something happens, nobody is able to help us? That is insane and I am not entirely sure if I should risk my life for this. I mean when I trained my jumps there were always trainers somewhere who could help, why risk it alone? Cooper should be here! Tara: Cooper? Alexei: Maybe not Cooper but Tara: We are the only ones that can do this and if something happens the other one is there and knows what to do! We know how to jump, we won because of the jumps, well I won because of my jumps and you because of your elegant dancing and skating style but you did it as well. Alexei: I lost to Evegeni because I was not Tara: Oh come on, in 2006 you didn't compete because you didn't saw the need, you could have nailed him but you were too busy drinking! Alexei: Thanks for that and thanks but I learned, I drink less you know? Tara: True but still in for a good one but this time you know what is on stake here! Alexei: Yes, but a quintuple? I barely make a quadruple and don't forget I am not him. Tara: Hey I have to try a quadruple and I am only used to fire out triples and doubles and my ankles aren't what they used to be. Alexei: Then why are you encouraging us to do us? Tara grinning: Because they are better than before. These guys are ballet dancers that risk their careers to skate with us. At least Maureen and Jodie, I spent hours at the campus fitness club, I think I can do it, at least I have the physical strengths to do it, I am going to start, ok? Wanna see it? Come on, where is your power lazy Russian? Alexei: Ok, ok because we don't have much time, the night will be short, there is not many weeks left because it's the easiest one let try it with Tara: Toe loop? Come on, toe loop just for the beginning. Alexei nods because he thinks that he has no other choice otherwise this little lady would never stop nagging him. Alexei mumbles: Maybe she falls on her butt hard enough tonight so she gives up. Tara: Music! Alexei turns up the music and volume. He makes a face Kylie? 80s classics? Really? Tara: There is more 80s coming up and yes I cant concentrate with classic music if I have to jump, come in please... Alexei: Ok sweet American girl let's do that! Tara skates tries and falls on her butt Tara: Shit! Alexei grins: Come on, you need more speed... Tara tries it again but again it's only a triple. Alexei: Tara more speed! Tara: I know it was my crazy idea so I have to do it first! And show you that I am able to do it and that it can be done otherwise, I am, I can do that I have more power and strength than I used to have! Alexei: Exactly! Come on another time from the end of the left corner. All you need is speed! Tara: Ok, I ll try something, but just in case it doesn't work you call an ambulance meaning you dial 911 is that clear? Alexei: Crystal! Don't worry, try it, I saw enough American movies that I know what the emergency dial is you little devilish figure skating ballerina! Tara getting furious: I heard that! Tara takes up as much speed as she possibly can and leaps up in to the air whispering to herself: I am a spinning wheel, I am a woodpecker...She goes, one, two, three, and four thinking she is not down yet five and lands. Alexei's face looses its color; going pale and thinks he just dreamt that! He cant believe his eyes. Tara: I did it! I did it and landed it and I am sliding, I didn't break anything and I Alexei: You are one crazy chick you, well you are a superstar you did the quintuple that I was supposed to do! Tara: What? Alexei: Yes, you did it my god and holy Maria in heaven; you are the first woman not only doing a quadruple but a quintuple. That is incredible Tara you are the best! Tara: Well, I am, Kylie, I am Kylie and I am doing that again right now! Because I don't think that I did a quintuple! Alexei nods and Tara starts again this time with Rick Astley and she sings Tara: Never gonna give it up, never gonna let you down, never run and around and desert you, never gonna say goodbye, never gonna tell a lie and hurt you and I am Tara leaps up in the air smiling and counting: One, two, three, four and wow five landing! Alexei: Incredible, you did that again you had so much height that looked incredible! You would have gotten a perfect score from the judges for that! Tara: It felt amazingly great and my feet don't hurt, everything seems to be fine! That is good! Alexei: Perfect! Tara: Thanks now it's your turn, if I can do it you can do it as well. Alexei: Ok, my turn put the pressure on but you deserved the Gold medal more than I did Tara; I mean if you can do it that does not mean that I can do it. Tara skates to the end of the rink Tara: Shut up and move your lazy butt into the air, I am right here. Alexei: Hey you are not my trainer! Tara grinning: I am the first woman that blows off the audience with a quintuple! Tara is freaking out because she still cant believe what she just did. Alexei: Everything ok with you? Tara: Yes, yes I am pleased nobody realized it but I gained a few pounds in order to able to stand this training. Alexei: How much? Tara: 10 Alexei: All muscles Tara! Tara: Thank you now doooo it! Alexei starts skating and picks up speed[Chapter 6] The next morning at the ring, Tara can't wait to see Cooper Cooper: And? Tara: Well we trained tonight, could you play \"Never gonna give it up\" by Rick Astley and incorporate that into the ballet? Cooper: That is out of the question, why? Alexei: Do it for us, believe me you will want that to play over and over again! Cooper: I ll think about it but now show me what you got and why we start here that early and not in my studio. Tara starts and does a triple! Cooper: I saw that in 1996, nothing new! Tara, this is Alexei: Well she is has to warm up first boss! Cooper: Tell me, is she able to do it, I mean I thought you had one night but you could have had more, if you aren't ready I am not furious take you time but if you Alexei: We are figure skaters free from what we have to do but what we wanna do, ok? Cooper: Don't know what this exactly means but let's see and see what she is doing! Alexei: Now it comes! Sergey: Buddy, I am your friend but I don't think she is able to make it with just one night of training! Alexei: Just hold the camera buddy! Sergey: Ok but I don't think she is able to do it because I needed years to do triples and months to do classic pirouettes! Sergey holds the camera focused on Tara Tara jumps and starts: One, two, three, four and five...sliding and pirouette Biellmann...Tara stops smiles and screams : Tara: Did it! Cooper: Did I miscount or did she just do Alexei: She did my friend and it's hopefully all on camera Sergey! Sergey: Yes and she is Alexei: Better than the current world elite? Sergey nods Alexei: Oh yes she is, the girls might be thinking about quadruples but this girl just threw them a curveball. Sergey: Toe loop with 5, my god! Alexei: Wait until you see what I can do, hold the camera my friend. Alexei starts one toe loop to warm up and then he does: One, two, three, four, five sliding and one sitting pirouette, then he skates back to Cooper Alexei grinning: Satisfied boss? Tara: Satisfied boss? Cooper sits down on one of the chairs Cooper: I need a drink get me one, guys before Jodie comes in because I need a drink. I have to digest that what I just saw this is so faboulous I think I am going to cry, you are so amazing, I love you I just, thank you so much! Clapping from behind Cooper turns around and spots Valerie walking into the ice stadium Cooper: Valerie, what are you doing here? Valerie: I have my spy's; one spy told me that two dancers or should I say figure skaters were training here all night so I received a call when you arrived and what I saw it, this is amazing! Cooper: Yes it is! Valerie: This is world press news for the world of figure skating, they will freak out! They will hate Alexei and Tara and think its fake. Tara: I am commenting that and I am not competing anymore. I am done competing, being furious with the judges because they have their favourites, I won't do it anymore. Valerie: You don't have too, I promise! Tara: Good because I would never be able to stand that in a competition, I gained weight and muscles and I am having fun! Cooper: What are you so afraid off? Tara: Figure skating has changed, I know I can do it, it's fun, I eat, like Maureen I am healthy with a few pounds more. Alexei and I love doing it but for a jury where there is evidence that the Canadian Pair Salle/Pelletier lost in 2002 to the Russian because of some French judge that was bribed. Sorry, not doing that anymore. Alexei: Count me out as well. Valerie: I would never, ever ask you to do that but I will get you the publicity. To help the company raise enough money that lasts more than 20 years, would that be ok Tara and Alexei? Are you in for the company and not as single competitors? Tara: I think that is exactly what we would be in for. Alexei: 100% Cooper: How are you going to do that? Don't you think that this is too much? Don't promise things you cant keep Valerie. Valerie: Did I ever not keep my promise? Cooper shakes his head Valerie: See that is what I mean. At the moment I am selling tickets for money than you could ever imagine and don't forget, every company that competes is able to determine ticket prices for themselves. When I leak this to the press, the press tickets skyrockets, I ll get you my caterer and the entire world press art and sport believe me but first one thing. Tara: Yes? Valerie: Are you sure you can stand that after a 3 hour show? Alexei: Yes! Tara: Of course, when you know how it's done it's not luck anymore... Valerie hugs both: Perfect because guys now you got your own chaperone. Cooper: Valerie! Valerie: Hey I am the one enjoying every single minute, being aroused and fascinated to tears because of what you just did and because of your work Cooper, let me do what I can do best, ok? Cooper agrees, finally Maureen and Jodie arrive Jodie smiling: Good morning! Did we miss something? Valerie: Ask your boss, I am gonna leave now! I need to make some calls to the press and to the ISU and to a few other people. This is so incredible! Jodie: Tell me right now! Tara: I was able to land a quintuple as well or should I say I did that first? Alexei sticks out his tongue. Jodie: Wow that is amazing! Tara: Hey, now you have to do something amazing as a prima ballerina. Jodie laughs: I tried something at the studio and Cooper, I got a surprise for you as well. Cooper: Before we start training again guys, gather around please! Maureen: Boss? Cooper: Tara, Alexei and Jodie, Sergey and Maureen I wanna say thank you. Even if I scream today I want you to know Tara and Alexei what you did was amazing and perfect so thank you and ... Maureen: Thank you for saying that Cooper I think you motivated us enough to stand through everything, I mean after last night's training I took 3 hot showers and ate a bowl of spaghetti alone and I didn't feel guilty just fine. Woke up at 5, started training at 6 together with Jodie in the studio! I love it and I never loved it at the ABA! I wanna dance, I wanna be a girl that dances and that loves doing what she does because she can't live without it, not because its somebody else's dream but my own! Cooper: Thank you for saying that Maureen, that was very uplifting. Maureen: My pleasure, can we start again? Cooper: Of course. Cooper is startled because he never expected that much passion from either of his dancers and now becomes frightened if he is able to live up to their expectations as a trainer and choreographer. Later at the sorority house Tara: Oh god I am exhausted, Cooper is the best and worst, all in one person! Adriana laughs: Hey do you regret it? Tara: Oh no! I am doing what I love, what I am good at but everything without the negative stress. When I was an athlete competing, everything focused on me, I couldn't stand the pressure, now I am sharing that, pressure and the need to succeed, the pressure is on all the others and together it's much easier. Adriana: That's why you enjoy being in a sorority! Tara: Yes, am I Adriana: We learn a lot from you! Tara: Thanks, am I a bit too bossy? Adriana: At times but right now where is all this energy coming from Tara? I mean you didn't sleep more than 2 hours last week but you seem happier than ever. Tara: Didn't you listen about two secs ago? I am exhausted, I am in the need of food and drinks but this is my life, it always was. Adriana: There more, is it? I spoke to Matts mother Valerie, we are organizing the seating, the costumes will be made with the help of the Herrera family! Tara: Ade you have unlimited contacts that s fantastic! Adriana: Well, Val told me to tell you that you are invited to the family brunch on Sunday, is there anything I need to know? Tara: Maybe! Adriana: I am listening... Tara: Well Matt and I are texting and because we need so much stuff from the hospital. Adriana: Tell me, did you already kiss him? Tara: I did. Adriana: And? Tara: And it was like heaven and he is really fantastic in a lot of ways. I think I am in love but before the big day I won't start anything with him. Adriana: Cool, so you might become a part of one of the most important families that this country has! Tara: Hey not so fast, at the moment we are just dating ok? I need to stand the quintuple. Adriana: I heard and I couldn't believe it! Tara: Believe it, it's so much fun. Adriana: Everything ok with your ankles? Tara: Hey Matt asked me that already and yes it is. And hey for you that must be like a dream. I mean your mother if I remember right wanted you to have all these contacts and now Adriana: I know Matt from kindergarten, yes it is a very close community that is why Valerie and I get along that good. Tara: Its either you re in or out! Adriana: Yes, a bit like a club. Tara: Well I am just a girl from Phili! Adriana: Oh come on, don't be so modest. Tara laughs: Believe me I am not. What about you and Alexei? Adriana: Nothing, he didn't call and although when I see him there is something, I am not sure he is so dark and twisted. Tara: He needs time, I told you he isn't easy but with your way of understanding, don't give up. He needs somebody and now can I have a latte please? Adriana: Yes, do you think I could become the official manager of the company! Tara: I already spoke to Cooper and he thinks you are doing a great job and you re hired, without pay now, later when everything is on you get 3% after all expenses are paid. Adriana: Wow, Tara! Tara: You need staff and will work 24/7. Adriana: Why? Tara: Because if I land the quintuple and Alexei does and the show is successful you are managing a company plus a bunch of the best solo artists that means coordinating schedule, making everybody happy, keep us healthy, organize our private lives and so on. Adriana: But I will also attend the best parties in town and have lot of fun, at least I am trying, for me the sorority is the best that could ever happen! Tara: And for that reason, why don't you ask Zoey for help? Adriana: Why? Tara: Because parts of the designs were her idea, she is one of our best friends and she would be perfect for Sergey! Adriana: Tara don't start you matchmaking program again. Tara: Do you want Sergey? Adriana: Oh no... Tara: See! Knock Knock Tara: Knocking is for babies, whoever it is come in! Zoey comes in and Tara starts laughing Zoey: Hey Tara, here are a few of the new designs and I... Why are you guys laughing? Adriana: Because we just talked about you! Zoey: About me? Why? Tara: Because I think the company needs some help and I am sorry that I include everybody that much but I remember that your grades are pretty good and that you like to be around the guys and around people in general! Zoey: Of course, I am Cali girl. I love fun and parties. Tara: See and Adriana need some help in organizing the company. So what would you think if you help us with our training, get us lattes, get us home safely from parties and have a lot fun? Zoey: Like in California? Party hard, speak to the right people, making sure that everything is running smoothly? Adriana: Yes because I would be the one inviting the people and coordinating schedules but I am not the best in making people well that they have a good time! Zoey: Well you can learn that and accepted! Tara: Perfect![Chapter 7] At Coopers apartment Cooper: Jodie? Jodie: I am in the studio! Cooper: Its already 10pm, why don't you come and try out these new sheets with me? Jodie: Sounds tempting but I was waiting for you and in order to avoid becoming jealous because I wasn't able to reach you I thought why not train a bit. Cooper: You have changed! Jodie: Did I? Cooper: I have only 1 call on my phone and I couldn't answer it because I was in the Ice Center working with the guys. Jodie laughing: You need to oversee everything? Cooper: Yes and I drove over to the Rockefeller Center. Tiffany might sponsor us, which means you might have to wear some of their stuff. Jodie: Tiffany is sponsoring the ABA, Coop you know that! Cooper: Not anymore they are! Jodie: Wow, is that all really true? Cooper: Valerie told me that there is more but she wouldn't say it what it was before the big day. Otherwise I would freak out and kill Jonathan right away she told me so I don't know why we suddenly get the attention but I think wearing something from Tiffany could... Jodie: I get to wear something from Tiffany? Cooper: Yes! Jodie: May I choose something? Cooper: After the show for yourself? Jodie nods and her eyes light up Cooper: Yes! Jodie: Oh you are the best, best, best boyfriend a girl could ever get. Cooper whispering: You can even keep one piece if everything goes to plan! Jodie: What? Cooper: I really love you Jodie and I think that would be a good start buying you something you deserve. Jodie: Oh my god, you wonderful, you really mean that? Cooper: I have waited such a long time for you to say that and yes I mean it. Jodie: Well Cooper: Bed? Jodie smiling: Later Cooper: Why? Jodie: Wait and see, Tara inspired me, just watch me dance! Jodie is dancing a solo she created with the help of Maureen for the scene when she sees Sergey sitting on Tara bed and she doesn't know how to help. Cooper: Wow, this incredible, you guys killed me if I would have suggested something like that. Jodie: Can you work with me on the pas de deux? Cooper: Sure and the solo with a few exceptions it's in! Jodie: Part is Maureen's work, you have to give her credit as well! Cooper: I ll thank her for that. I owe Jim a lot. I think that he made her understand things in a different way. He gave her time to think, to heal and I am sorry Jodie but Maureen is doing a fantastic job as well. Jodie: We all do, do you see how great she is? I mean not just fantastic but super amazingly perfect, she is having fun. Do you see that? Cooper: Yes and you know what? I am grateful that the dancing world got her back because she always was so incredibly talented. Jodie: In addition she became a great person. Cooper: You, Tara and Maureen will rock that show! Jodie: Don't forget Sergey and Alexei! Cooper: Well they are both pretty amazing I just hope everything will go as planned. Jodie: Of course, don't doubt that a second. Cooper: Can we go to bed now? Jodie: Of course! Cooper drags Jodie into bed, laughing and kissing. The next morning at the Ice Center Tara: Boss, my I introduce Zoey to you? Cooper: Of course, hi nice to meet you. Are you a dancer? Zoey: No I am going to be Adriana's assistant but thanks for the compliment, a Cali girl can never get enough of those. Ready for a little party, tonight? Cooper: Of course, Cali girl, wow! Jodie: Coop! Cooper: Hey, my prima ballerina party tonight? Jodie: Sounds like great fun to me. Sergey comes in Zoey: Hi I am Zoey Sergey: I am Sergey, your Russian servant. Zoey laughs out loud and realizes immediately that this guy could be exactly her type. Sergey: Are you staying? Zoey: Yes, I need to see what you guys do, to attract a few people to this company, in order to throw a great party you need the right mix of people you know. Sergey: What about a few shots when I am only wearing this? Sergey drops his Jacket and shows his naked upper body Jodie: Sergey! Cooper: Actually, that's isn't that bad Jodie: Cooper! This is about dancing and not stripping... Cooper: No listen, we need a poster and with Sergey on the cover, you in a racy costume, that can be quite interesting. We need to attract people and need to draw attention with something spectacular and not something lame that Jonathan would. Posters are important and sex always sells. Jodie: Why me and not Tara or Alexei? Tara just comes in and answers her question : Tara: Because it's about you guys, not my comeback, or the skating, it's about the ballet, the competition and what Cooper is able to do with it. We are just the cherries on top of the cake; we are there to have fun. Alexei: Yep, that is exactly what we are having, fun! Tara: Wanna try if we can still do it? Alexei: Absolutely, Evgeni will be near tears when he sees that and that means for him Hasta la Vista next Gold medal! Tara: You bet! The two are back on ice trying the triples and routines including their big jumps. Cooper: They are fantastic and Zoey what are you doing with that camera? Hey, give me that, you can shoot Sergey but Zoey: Shooting the jumps exactly, nice action shots! Cooper: That is supposed to be a secret! Zoey: We are leaking a few things to the press, accidently of course. Ade already talked to Valerie, you need the right people in show in order to generate the publicity and buzz you need for the company. You want to sell your tickets do you? Cooper: Yes, of course and I wanna win. Zoey: Then let me do my job because you want the important judges that are open for this kind of experiment to be here and not the ones that I assume will hate it because its not a classic ballet! Cooper: Ok! Jodie: She is good, trust her. I think that she is right, if you get somebody like Jonathan as a judge we are going to lose, we need publicity, so much publicity that they can't ignore us... Cooper: She is good, Zoey you are good to go conspire with Valerie what choice do I have, I am just the dancer and choreographer of this thing. Jodie: Exactly everybody is working for you to make your dream come true. Cooper: My dream? Tara: Our dream, I mentioned that earlier but you did something that I thought I would never find again. Cooper: That is? Tara: Loving the sport. Maureen: Loving to dance. Tara: Wanting to do and not having to do it. Maureen: Feeling it. Tara: Enjoying it. The girls are gliding on the ice, music is starting and the group starts to practice the play. Cooper is impressed and so is Zoey. Valerie: Cooper, you are a revolutionary. Cooper: Am I? Valerie: Yes and you know it. Cooper: You know I started this with nothing but an idea. A few college students and help would have been fine as well, this is so getting out of hand. Valerie: Don't worry, you are not getting any of my contractors but this is it, this is you. Hey you know what its like you dance for that ABA. My god, Tara wasn't this good even when she was still a figure skater. Cooper: She is amazing, normally at that stage you have to do loads of work but it's even more than I ever imagined even now, I hope everything will be ready one time. I mean we can sew costumes last minutes but change choreography midway? But it has to be done and yes they are giving their best but Valerie: Don't tell them. Cooper: Don't let Matt take Tara away from the public again, ok? Valerie: He won't, in the way you do it she will never stop, that is her life. Cooper: What is so different about me? Why is everybody telling me that the people love to work for me because I am different? I am terrible? I am changing my mind the whole time, I am screaming at them and I am loosing my temper. Valerie: Cooper, somewhere deep down you discovered that you have a heart and that your dancers are human beings. Jonathan is missing that. You have 3 beautiful women there on ice although you are in love with the blonde girl you treat everybody with the same level of dedication and respect. Cooper: Yes but as that s normal and is that so obvious that I am in love with Jodie? Valerie: Yes! Everyone sees that she is brilliant. But you would never prefer her over the others when she didn't deserve it that is the difference between you and Jonathan. Jonathan gave Katherine everything she wanted although she didn't deserved it all the time, nobody knows that better than you do. Cooper: Yes, yes that is true but they are so beautiful, they are training so hard, I could never have asked for more, I mean they are realizing everything I dreamed of and do it even better. Valerie: Yes they are, I am so touched by Maureen's performance I saw earlier. Before her breakdown she was good but she was never, everything seemed hard for her before, now every move seems effortless and she smiles, she smiles a lot. Cooper: Was I the one? Valerie: She needed to be healthy first but yes, yes she is your work as well. Cooper: Am I a good coach? Valerie: How can you ask something like this when all I am doing is making you compliments? This will be great and yes you are, maybe even better than the dancer you were! Cooper: Thank you and I was a great dancer so I think that s not possible because I used to be the best! Valerie laughs and welcomes the team back at the boards to talk to Cooper receiving his feedback. Tara: And? Cooper: You guys make my day however, your arms Tara: Oh you saw that damn it. Cooper: Of course I did but I also that you are having an amazing time and that is important. Maureen: Can I have something to eat? Cooper: Yes, I ll see you guys in the studio in 2 hours. Tara: What about, I have to... Cooper: This is a ballet don't forget that and I am the boss you said so yourself. Tara: Ok... 10 minutes later the group is sitting at Burger King Maureen: Wow, back at the ABA I would have eaten that and later Jodie: Used the bathroom. Maureen: Exactly but now Jodie: Now this little cheeseburger is helping me to survive the afternoon, The girls are laughing Tara: Milkshake? Maureen: Yes, a strawberry and the brownie as a dessert. Jodie: Count me in as well! I know that Cooper will have changed something, he worked on it all night. Outside Eva and Eric are passing by Eva: What are they doing at a fast food restaurant? Who are the others? Eric: I don't know but stuffing in that kind of food, they must be desperate. Eva: Yes and Jonathan told me that my pliée was so good today. Eric: Yes it was! Eva looks at them Eva: Jodie and I used to be friends. We all used to be friends... Eric: Yes, I know. I miss them sometimes as well but that life. Sometimes you lose people to meet new ones. Both stop and linger a second longer Eric: Should we go in? Say hello? I mean Eva: No, I think you were right. Eric: We are Eva: They look like they are having fun, I hadn't fun in ages. Eric: They do, come on girl we have to go. Don't be sad, the play will be great. Eva: Yes, yes but for some reason I believe Cooper is pulling off something like he did at the workshop. Eric: No, this is too important to risk something like it; he is going to follow the rules this time. He is going to behave. Eva: Maybe you are right but I doubt that in the end he is Cooper Nielson. 10 minutes later at Macy s department store Jodie: So Sergey: So we should work on the accessories we use, we need all kinds of probs and Zoey told me that we should chose them to test if we can dance with them. Tara: Nice, I am having the bed the whole time, not much I can test. Sergey: That is not true! Tara: Oh yes it is, all I want is to have nice sheets. Ralph Lauren Egyptian Cotton at least 1000 threads per inch. Sergey: Get a grip Tara, they are just sheets. Tara: Jodie, a little help here? Jodie: Hey Sergey she is right; she has to lie there and feel comfortable at the same time. Sergey: We need Adriana for that. Tara: No we don't, we need Zoey and you said so yourself we can decide what we want. Sergey smiles: Good then get the sheets, what else? Tara: I need a bike to train on. Jodie: Cooper has one, Tara: I didn't mean his motorcycle. Jodie laughs: You know he takes a real bike whenever he can; the motorcycle is just for fun. Tara: Really? Jodie: Yes, he is so afraid that one of you guys could get sick that he is even Sergey: Don't tell me that he is learning my part and Jodie nods Alexei: He is crazy, he is never able to do the jumps! Jodie: He is crazy but he is afraid as well. Alexei: And he can bet his ass that even if I am sick I am doing that. And what should happen to us? Maureen: He is right, we are eating healthy, feeling good. We can do this. Jodie: Yes, so we need a nice little pink bike for Tara, two cars, lots of glitter for the party, a disco ball, a dj, a theme for the party Tara: That is back to the 80s, Cooper already agreed to that because I can incorporated a lot of Kylie with that. Jodie: Ok, we need the costumes fitted. Tara: We are working on that, the girls are pretty good. Jodie: Fake punch and unbreakable glasses, chairs Tara: We need a massive crew of helpers Jodie: You are the sorority girl, your part. Tara: I know, I am on it and coordinate that with Matt and Adriana and Zoey of course. Jodie: Best thing would be if Cooper talks Adriana through the play and then she will scribble everything down and we just add things. Tara: I think that is a good idea, with additions from Zoey we shouldn't be worry too much. Jodie: True, Tara we need people that help us in and out of costumes. Tara: I am working on that as well. Jodie: We should try that, because I know that I can switch costumes, but from ballet shoes into skates? Tara: Let's try how long that takes tomorrow. Jodie: Take into consideration that we are beginners. Tara: On the way to become pros. don't worry Jodie, we will be great! Jodie: I want to win the competition. Tara: I want to win as well, showing everybody who the real Tara is, that I am not dead yet that that besides once fighting for my own good, I can win with a team as well so don't worry this is going to work out! At the sorority house Zoey: Sergey is great! What a man! Adriana: Happy to hear that! Zoey: When are you meeting with Cooper? Adriana: Later at the studio, it would be great if you could come as well. Do you have any questions so far? Zoey: No dont worry, all papers that were due are done. Didn't do it last minute for the first time in my life! Adriana: Great because I think that in terms of accessories and having a great time nobody is better than you are. Zoey: Thank, I try my best.[Chapter 8] 7 weeks later, its the day of the premiere, expectations are high Cooper just had a talk with his team and is now sitting in the audience with Valerie. Cooper: I am ridiculously nervous. I am so not being able to control myself, I mean, I should go back and try to help. Valerie: No! We agreed not to do this. Ade is in the back helping, the dancers are healthy and Cooper: But this is it and I can maybe I should change, one jump if Jodie Valerie: We have a great team working behind the scenes. We have make-up artists and dressers that are normally doing fashion shows so they know what they are doing. Stay here, there is nothing you can do other than make everybody more nervous. Cooper: But Valerie: If you were I a dancer I would agree, but this is your work, just sit there and enjoy it. Everybody that needs to be here is here. Cooper: I cant, I am nervous, I am not myself, Valerie what have I done to deserve this? Valerie: Why? Cooper: Why what? Valerie: Why are you freaking out? Cooper: Because this is it! This is my baby, I am what if something happens to Tara or Alexei? Then its all my fault. Valerie: Is it because Jonathan said that you are a clown in the press? That this isn't ballet but just a cool show but that Baryshnikov would not agree with it? Is that why you wont calm down and start to enjoy what you created? Cooper nods, his head is feeling fuzzy and he isn't able to focus Valerie: Jonathan is just jealous. Trust your people, they are in for it and Valerie takes his hand Valerie: Look there, up on the balcony, look he is here. Cooper freezes: He, he is not Valerie: I invited him, when this is over, you can ask him yourself. Ask him what he thinks of this ballet. Cooper: I don't know, how could you do this to me? Valerie: Calm down. I knew it would mean the world to you if he came. Cooper: Only if he likes it. Curtain is up and now I can't change a thing, I am going down the judges will hate it, I should have played it safe. At the ice whispering during the break Tara: Alexei? Alexei: You are supposed to focus and concentrate. What do you want from me Tara? Tara: I am doing a combination at the end. Alexei: Out of what? Tara: 5/4/3 Alexei: Are you out of your mind? Tara: No, just wanted to warn you that I am doing that on the end. Alexei: What are you doing at the end? Tara: Jumping 5/4/3 and a Biellmann if you want me. Alexei: That isn't possible! Nobody has ever done that, even you in training. Why risk the big surprise? Tara: I am a flee, I am able to do it so see for yourself, I am full of adrenaline, I know I can do this is better than the games so watch me, this is the big finale... Alexei: You know I am not doing it! Tara: Why? Alexei: Barishnikov is in the audience. Tara smiling: That is why I am doing it! Alexei: But Tara: I am the youngest gold medallist in figure skating in the world. So far the show is going great, I know I can do it. Alexei: But then Tara: Its your decision. We are the figure skaters, the others are the dancers and we are both fighters besides next to Mikhail, have you seen who is sitting next to him? Alexei: Who? Tara: Denise Biellmann! Alexei: Ok, fine! Down in the audience Valerie: Drink that! Cooper: No, thank you. Alcohol will only make me Valerie: Champagne is not alcohol and it calms you down. Don't think I remember that. Cooper: Thanks. What is Tara doing? Valerie: Why do you think that she is doing something crazy?! Come on everything so far is going great, the audience loves it, and the atmosphere is great why do you think she is going something crazy? Cooper: She is not, I know how somebody looks that is about to do more than they should be doing. I have been there. Valerie: Matt is on standby don't worry. Relax Cooper. Cooper: But I am, I have to, I would rather have it that she plays it safe then that she lands on her butt. Valerie: No you wouldn't you were never that type of dancer. Cooper laughing for the first time that evening: Cooper: True, as I dancer, I never played it safe. Valerie: That is why they loved you and there is nothing you can do, everything went great so far now that is the big finale and you can't stop them. World Press is still here believe me I would have noticed if somebody important had left so don't worry, Alexei already stood one, I think nobody is expecting Tara to do something similar they are still amazed and in awe. Cooper: Does she want to outshine him? Valerie: No, she just wants to be better, the best female figure skater ever and that is the reason why she won gold at the end. On the ice There is music and everybody is having a great time, Tara is about to wake up from her coma Tara whispering to herself: I can do it! Tara jumps up and she does it: 5/4ups ok/3 and Biellmann. The audience is out of their minds and screams In the audience Jonathan to Katherine: This is supposed to be a ballet and not a figure skating contest. On the ice Alexei: Ok, here it comes... Alexei jumps doing the same thing and the people can't believe what is happening in front of their eyes. Tara smiling: See! Alexei: We are the best. Tara: Isn't a problem without figure skating judges that can be bribed, let's do an encore. Tara is jumping right into the sky with a quadruple axle Alexei: Well I can do that as well... To the music of Queen \"We are the champions\" he jumps in the air and does a quintuple Salcho Cooper: I do not believe it after such a show they are just jumping, firing them out as if the whole thing would be nothing. Unbelievable! Valerie: That is what they love doing, that is fun for them! And Jodie look at her, there dancing on the wow, I she is a star. Cooper: I don't know where to look first. Valerie: And neither does the audience and that is why people will love it. Because this is a play that you have to see more than once not because you don't understand it but because its so much fun and because there is so much to see. Commentators: What these two skaters are doing is amazing, it's more than anyone could ever hoped they would be able to achieve, they are flying over the ice and I don't know, seeing this in a ballet... This ballet is fantastic, Jodie Sawyer better than Katherine Donahue ever was. Jodie has the fire paired with elegance and perfection and with Maureen Cummings back, I don't know where to start. Cooper Nilsson recreated the ballet like Balanchine did back in the days. This is a historical moment ladies and gentleman. In the audience Cooper: I am proud, I am in tears, this was so great and fantastic and the helpers and the everything worked exactly like a planned it. Valerie: What you created was worth everything over the last few weeks. Cooper: Without your help this would have been... Valerie: Good as well, fantastic and great and the same thing, only that the girls are wearing Tiffany and a few nicer dresses now. Cooper: The atmosphere is so fantastic, the Christmas tree, the Rockefeller Centre, this is unreal. Valerie: The people will remember that forever, this is a fairytale come true. Cooper looks at her Valerie: After the show, you should put a ring on her hand. Cooper: What? Are you Valerie: Ask Jodie to marry you. Cooper: I am not sure if Valerie: Do you wanna loose her again? Loose her because she is afraid to loose you? Loose you to another woman because you are not handle the success and stress? Cooper, you are ready for this believe me. Cooper: No I am not, everybody just think I am but Valerie: I know that Maureen and Jim are engaged and Matt will ask Tara on Christmas Eve, I helped to pick out the ring. Cooper: But I don't Valerie: She deserves it, look at her, Cooper. Cooper: She is the best, she always was and I regret what I did. Valerie: Then at the end of the evening: Go and get your girl. Cooper starts smiling: I ll do that but I don't have a ring. Valerie laughs: Then I am asking Tiffany to open the doors quickly after the show. Cooper: But that is impossible. Valerie: Are you going to propose to her? Cooper: Yes Valerie: Then don't worry this will be your night. Cooper: I am Valerie: They want you on stage, go up now! Cooper: Valerie? Valerie: What? Cooper: What if we didn't win? Valerie: I think you did and if not, the audience loves you, this will be a success even if you didn't win the competition. Cooper you did it, first curtain; the guys are waiting for you. Cooper: But I am, you told me Valerie: You are the sorcerer, no go down and hug your crew, its over, you can go they want you. Cooper gets up and walks to the stage not realizing what just happened he is still in his bubble. On stage Tara: I am the best ! I was great, fantastic, I am not from this world. I mean what was I thinking? Did I really do that? Jodie: Yes, you did it! Tara: We did it, wow, you guys we all did it and nobody fell and we, the audience, they this is all Alexei: Yes we did it! Tara you are crazy but we did it. Tara: I am crazy I know that, my god I could have broken every single bone in my body. Alexei: Yes but nothing happened! Maureen: I never felt better in my life; this is how I always wanted to dance. Jodie: Look there is Cooper coming up the stairs! Tara storms forward: Boss! Boss I love you did you see what I did? Wasn't this… Cooper hugs Tara and everybody else before he looks at Jodie and kisses her. Cooper: You were never better. Jodie: I did this for you! Cooper: I know and I love you! Jodie looks at him because he is not realizing that this is the first time he said it. Curtain goes up again and all go out bowing over and over again with a never ending applause. Back at the dressing room Tara finds a bunch of red roses Tara: I think these are from Cooper, Jodie. Jodie: No, no Cooper wouldn't do something like that. Not today anyway. Let's just read the card: Hey they are for you, wow this is amazing. Tara: Really? Are they from Matt? Give me that card, let me read it: The inside of the card reads as follows: Tara, you are worthy to be my successor, let's work on a jump that will be named after you. Call me any time. Denise Jodie: That is unreal. Tara starts crying and is overjoyed. Tara: That is the perfect that is even better than my gold medal, she Jodie: I am so happy for you. Tara: Thank you, thank you so much. Do you think I should call her right now? Jodie: Call her tomorrow, I am right by your side and take Alexei with you, I guess he has found something similar in the boys dressing room. You guys did an amazing job especially you Tara. Tara: Yes but I couldn't have done without you. Tara is happy, she cant believe what just happened and hugs Jodie. Later at the official reception Many people already left and the group enjoys their success together, they celebrate their success. Mikhail: Cooper Nilsson? Cooper: Yes? Mikhail bows his head Mikhail: Congratulations. I am proud that somebody understood. Cooper whispering, stammering: Cooper: So, so you liked it? Cooper with tears running down his cheeks not believing that his idol just honoured him with a bow. Mikhail: Yes, I ll come to practise some time, I will be you humble student. Cooper: Yes that, I mean would be so, I am, I admire you so Mikhail nods and vanishes Jodie: Was that? Cooper: Yes. Alexei holding Adriana in his arms smiles Alexei: That was the great Mikhail, the master, the one that we all wanted to be, especially when you grew up in Russia. Cooper: Yes and he liked it and bowed I mean, I don't know this is incredible and surreal and I don't know if I deserve a bow from him. I am not Alexei: You know that you do, listen to me to us, to all of us. Because of you he bowed, he was impressed by what you created, it was your vision. It wasn't because of us understood? You made that happen. Cooper: But you deserve it more, I didn't jump, I didn't do the jumps and I didn't dance Alexei: I didn't win my gold medal because of the jumps; I won it because the choreography and the music, you can only win with grace and technique. Maureen is the best example for that. She was good at the ABA but got ill because something was missing, people thought she was cold when she danced and couldn't connect with her. Look at her now? That is your work! Maureen with Jim: Yes, yes it is Cooper. I found myself again when I began to heal, dancing with you brought me back to life. I had the perfect technique at the ABA but you, you Cooper brought out what I showed today and the people were ecstatic, the applause, I knew I was good, I felt good, it felt real and that is all because of you Cooper. Tara: Yes, you did that boss. It was your vision we just did what you asked us to do. Cooper: So I can be proud of myself? Jodie: Of course Cooper, this is your moment even if you didn't dance this time. Cooper: So I can take the honour of a bow from Mikhail. Sergey: Of course Cooper. You deserved that, you were a great dancer and now you are a great choreographer. Cooper: Thank you Tara: Wait, before you go, Cooper. You know that Denise Biellmann was in the audience as well. Cooper: I didn't Tara: She invited me to train with her and to help me invent a jump that can be named after me. Cooper: Wow, I am so happy for you and Alexei: I found a similar card in my dressing room only that it was from Kurt Browning. The first man who ever landed a clean quadruple. Cooper: Congratulations. Alexei: Thank you, you don't know how much this means to me. Cooper: I do. Wow I think we all really did it. Let's celebrate I booked us a room somewhere private. Sergey: Where? Cooper: Home! Sergey: Home? What do you mean by home? Cooper: Let's go to the studio, don't worry you don't have to dance, I just thought, you ll see. At Coopers studio There are candles, a long table and food everywhere. Cooper: This is for you guys. Our own private celebration after all that happened and the success we had tonight, I don't know if we won but we gave our best. Tara: Wow, this looks amazing! Jodie: This is incredible, wow Cooper that is so wonderful. Cooper is nervous, she knows that this is his only chance, this is perfect and he knows he needs the support from his dancers. Cooper: Can you please sit down, I need witnesses. Jodie: Witnesses for what? Cooper: Would everybody besides Jodie please sit down? Jodie: What are you doing? There is music and Cooper goes down on one knee opening a box Cooper: In front of our family I would like you Jodie Sawyer to do me the honour on this day and ask you if you would consider marrying me? Sergey whispers: Consider? Zoey: Shsshs, spoiling the moment! Jodie: I Maureen: Come on, the answer is pretty easy, Jodie he loves you. Tara: The boss changed Jodie. Sergey: Just say yes. Jodie looks at him, she knows that this is what she wants and she will never be able to let him go. Jodie: Yes and I love you too. They kiss and Cooper puts a pear-shaped diamond on her hand. All are clapping an congratulating the newly engaged couple. Alexei: Perfect, now let's eat! Maureen: Wow, chocolate cake, oh I am finally able to enjoy that. Cooper: Training starts in two days again and you know you ll Jim: Is the training really that hard? I mean come on. Matt, what is it really like? Matt: Buddy, training is hell, I attended that once and I gave up after 20 minutes and you ll know that normally, I can stand 60 minutes in a spinning class. Cooper training however, its insane. Jim: Can I watch some time? Cooper: Only if you try to keep up. Jim: But I can't dance. Tara laughing: Do you really think we dance the whole time? Maureen didn't you educate him? Maureen: Well I think he overheard that. Tara laughs: Understandable when you come home after hours of dancing. Jim dancing is just a part of it. But there is a gym downstairs and we spent at least 2 hours there. Cardio, stretching and weights. Otherwise I wouldn't be able to do stand any of my jumps or dance for more than 4 hours in a show. Sergey: And believe me we don't only train classical ballet, that is just 2 hours of the day. We also do modern dance, step, it's a whole variety and I think that is what we love, why we joined this company and what makes this it so unique. Jodie: It's an experiment but tonight it worked and we will continue to do so and reinvent ballet, dancing because we are all dancers and nobody of us would every sing. Laughing Alexei: We are dancers and in contrary to Jonathan we think that every move is a dancing move and so we can use it in our way, if its on ice, in the studio or on roller blades. Jim: Wow, I never saw it that way. You are athletes but why, I mean you are not looking like the bodybuilders. Alexei grins: Stretching and technique that is all it takes but now you know why we need the calories. Jim: Yep, so when you are in the gym, can I join? Maureen: Yes, but only occasionally. Cooper: Yep because otherwise its company only. Jim: I think I can accept that. Cooper: You have to and I am a bit worried that when I scream at Maureen you wont Jim: You scream at Maureen calming him down Maureen: He is rude to everybody that is an essential part of him. He screams and we get better, afterwards we are having a beer, that's how it works and that is why I am here dancing for Cooper and not for Jonathan. It's the camaraderie that I have experienced not only with you guys but also with the others. Everybody nods Cooper: Do you think we won the competition?","LastChapter":"7 weeks later, its the day of the premiere, expectations are high Cooper just had a talk with his team and is now sitting in the audience with Valerie. Cooper: I am ridiculously nervous. I am so not being able to control myself, I mean, I should go back and try to help. Valerie: No! We agreed not to do this. Ade is in the back helping, the dancers are healthy and Cooper: But this is it and I can maybe I should change, one jump if Jodie Valerie: We have a great team working behind the scenes. We have make-up artists and dressers that are normally doing fashion shows so they know what they are doing. Stay here, there is nothing you can do other than make everybody more nervous. Cooper: But Valerie: If you were I a dancer I would agree, but this is your work, just sit there and enjoy it. Everybody that needs to be here is here. Cooper: I cant, I am nervous, I am not myself, Valerie what have I done to deserve this? Valerie: Why? Cooper: Why what? Valerie: Why are you freaking out? Cooper: Because this is it! This is my baby, I am what if something happens to Tara or Alexei? Then its all my fault. Valerie: Is it because Jonathan said that you are a clown in the press? That this isn't ballet but just a cool show but that Baryshnikov would not agree with it? Is that why you wont calm down and start to enjoy what you created? Cooper nods, his head is feeling fuzzy and he isn't able to focus Valerie: Jonathan is just jealous. Trust your people, they are in for it and Valerie takes his hand Valerie: Look there, up on the balcony, look he is here. Cooper freezes: He, he is not Valerie: I invited him, when this is over, you can ask him yourself. Ask him what he thinks of this ballet. Cooper: I don't know, how could you do this to me? Valerie: Calm down. I knew it would mean the world to you if he came. Cooper: Only if he likes it. Curtain is up and now I can't change a thing, I am going down the judges will hate it, I should have played it safe. At the ice whispering during the break Tara: Alexei? Alexei: You are supposed to focus and concentrate. What do you want from me Tara? Tara: I am doing a combination at the end. Alexei: Out of what? Tara: 5/4/3 Alexei: Are you out of your mind? Tara: No, just wanted to warn you that I am doing that on the end. Alexei: What are you doing at the end? Tara: Jumping 5/4/3 and a Biellmann if you want me. Alexei: That isn't possible! Nobody has ever done that, even you in training. Why risk the big surprise? Tara: I am a flee, I am able to do it so see for yourself, I am full of adrenaline, I know I can do this is better than the games so watch me, this is the big finale... Alexei: You know I am not doing it! Tara: Why? Alexei: Barishnikov is in the audience. Tara smiling: That is why I am doing it! Alexei: But Tara: I am the youngest gold medallist in figure skating in the world. So far the show is going great, I know I can do it. Alexei: But then Tara: Its your decision. We are the figure skaters, the others are the dancers and we are both fighters besides next to Mikhail, have you seen who is sitting next to him? Alexei: Who? Tara: Denise Biellmann! Alexei: Ok, fine! Down in the audience Valerie: Drink that! Cooper: No, thank you. Alcohol will only make me Valerie: Champagne is not alcohol and it calms you down. Don't think I remember that. Cooper: Thanks. What is Tara doing? Valerie: Why do you think that she is doing something crazy?! Come on everything so far is going great, the audience loves it, and the atmosphere is great why do you think she is going something crazy? Cooper: She is not, I know how somebody looks that is about to do more than they should be doing. I have been there. Valerie: Matt is on standby don't worry. Relax Cooper. Cooper: But I am, I have to, I would rather have it that she plays it safe then that she lands on her butt. Valerie: No you wouldn't you were never that type of dancer. Cooper laughing for the first time that evening: Cooper: True, as I dancer, I never played it safe. Valerie: That is why they loved you and there is nothing you can do, everything went great so far now that is the big finale and you can't stop them. World Press is still here believe me I would have noticed if somebody important had left so don't worry, Alexei already stood one, I think nobody is expecting Tara to do something similar they are still amazed and in awe. Cooper: Does she want to outshine him? Valerie: No, she just wants to be better, the best female figure skater ever and that is the reason why she won gold at the end. On the ice There is music and everybody is having a great time, Tara is about to wake up from her coma Tara whispering to herself: I can do it! Tara jumps up and she does it: 5/4ups ok/3 and Biellmann. The audience is out of their minds and screams In the audience Jonathan to Katherine: This is supposed to be a ballet and not a figure skating contest. On the ice Alexei: Ok, here it comes... Alexei jumps doing the same thing and the people can't believe what is happening in front of their eyes. Tara smiling: See! Alexei: We are the best. Tara: Isn't a problem without figure skating judges that can be bribed, let's do an encore. Tara is jumping right into the sky with a quadruple axle Alexei: Well I can do that as well... To the music of Queen \"We are the champions\" he jumps in the air and does a quintuple Salcho Cooper: I do not believe it after such a show they are just jumping, firing them out as if the whole thing would be nothing. Unbelievable! Valerie: That is what they love doing, that is fun for them! And Jodie look at her, there dancing on the wow, I she is a star. Cooper: I don't know where to look first. Valerie: And neither does the audience and that is why people will love it. Because this is a play that you have to see more than once not because you don't understand it but because its so much fun and because there is so much to see. Commentators: What these two skaters are doing is amazing, it's more than anyone could ever hoped they would be able to achieve, they are flying over the ice and I don't know, seeing this in a ballet... This ballet is fantastic, Jodie Sawyer better than Katherine Donahue ever was. Jodie has the fire paired with elegance and perfection and with Maureen Cummings back, I don't know where to start. Cooper Nilsson recreated the ballet like Balanchine did back in the days. This is a historical moment ladies and gentleman. In the audience Cooper: I am proud, I am in tears, this was so great and fantastic and the helpers and the everything worked exactly like a planned it. Valerie: What you created was worth everything over the last few weeks. Cooper: Without your help this would have been... Valerie: Good as well, fantastic and great and the same thing, only that the girls are wearing Tiffany and a few nicer dresses now. Cooper: The atmosphere is so fantastic, the Christmas tree, the Rockefeller Centre, this is unreal. Valerie: The people will remember that forever, this is a fairytale come true. Cooper looks at her Valerie: After the show, you should put a ring on her hand. Cooper: What? Are you Valerie: Ask Jodie to marry you. Cooper: I am not sure if Valerie: Do you wanna loose her again? Loose her because she is afraid to loose you? Loose you to another woman because you are not handle the success and stress? Cooper, you are ready for this believe me. Cooper: No I am not, everybody just think I am but Valerie: I know that Maureen and Jim are engaged and Matt will ask Tara on Christmas Eve, I helped to pick out the ring. Cooper: But I don't Valerie: She deserves it, look at her, Cooper. Cooper: She is the best, she always was and I regret what I did. Valerie: Then at the end of the evening: Go and get your girl. Cooper starts smiling: I ll do that but I don't have a ring. Valerie laughs: Then I am asking Tiffany to open the doors quickly after the show. Cooper: But that is impossible. Valerie: Are you going to propose to her? Cooper: Yes Valerie: Then don't worry this will be your night. Cooper: I am Valerie: They want you on stage, go up now! Cooper: Valerie? Valerie: What? Cooper: What if we didn't win? Valerie: I think you did and if not, the audience loves you, this will be a success even if you didn't win the competition. Cooper you did it, first curtain; the guys are waiting for you. Cooper: But I am, you told me Valerie: You are the sorcerer, no go down and hug your crew, its over, you can go they want you. Cooper gets up and walks to the stage not realizing what just happened he is still in his bubble. On stage Tara: I am the best ! I was great, fantastic, I am not from this world. I mean what was I thinking? Did I really do that? Jodie: Yes, you did it! Tara: We did it, wow, you guys we all did it and nobody fell and we, the audience, they this is all Alexei: Yes we did it! Tara you are crazy but we did it. Tara: I am crazy I know that, my god I could have broken every single bone in my body. Alexei: Yes but nothing happened! Maureen: I never felt better in my life; this is how I always wanted to dance. Jodie: Look there is Cooper coming up the stairs! Tara storms forward: Boss! Boss I love you did you see what I did? Wasn't this… Cooper hugs Tara and everybody else before he looks at Jodie and kisses her. Cooper: You were never better. Jodie: I did this for you! Cooper: I know and I love you! Jodie looks at him because he is not realizing that this is the first time he said it. Curtain goes up again and all go out bowing over and over again with a never ending applause. Back at the dressing room Tara finds a bunch of red roses Tara: I think these are from Cooper, Jodie. Jodie: No, no Cooper wouldn't do something like that. Not today anyway. Let's just read the card: Hey they are for you, wow this is amazing. Tara: Really? Are they from Matt? Give me that card, let me read it: The inside of the card reads as follows: Tara, you are worthy to be my successor, let's work on a jump that will be named after you. Call me any time. Denise Jodie: That is unreal. Tara starts crying and is overjoyed. Tara: That is the perfect that is even better than my gold medal, she Jodie: I am so happy for you. Tara: Thank you, thank you so much. Do you think I should call her right now? Jodie: Call her tomorrow, I am right by your side and take Alexei with you, I guess he has found something similar in the boys dressing room. You guys did an amazing job especially you Tara. Tara: Yes but I couldn't have done without you. Tara is happy, she cant believe what just happened and hugs Jodie. Later at the official reception Many people already left and the group enjoys their success together, they celebrate their success. Mikhail: Cooper Nilsson? Cooper: Yes? Mikhail bows his head Mikhail: Congratulations. I am proud that somebody understood. Cooper whispering, stammering: Cooper: So, so you liked it? Cooper with tears running down his cheeks not believing that his idol just honoured him with a bow. Mikhail: Yes, I ll come to practise some time, I will be you humble student. Cooper: Yes that, I mean would be so, I am, I admire you so Mikhail nods and vanishes Jodie: Was that? Cooper: Yes. Alexei holding Adriana in his arms smiles Alexei: That was the great Mikhail, the master, the one that we all wanted to be, especially when you grew up in Russia. Cooper: Yes and he liked it and bowed I mean, I don't know this is incredible and surreal and I don't know if I deserve a bow from him. I am not Alexei: You know that you do, listen to me to us, to all of us. Because of you he bowed, he was impressed by what you created, it was your vision. It wasn't because of us understood? You made that happen. Cooper: But you deserve it more, I didn't jump, I didn't do the jumps and I didn't dance Alexei: I didn't win my gold medal because of the jumps; I won it because the choreography and the music, you can only win with grace and technique. Maureen is the best example for that. She was good at the ABA but got ill because something was missing, people thought she was cold when she danced and couldn't connect with her. Look at her now? That is your work! Maureen with Jim: Yes, yes it is Cooper. I found myself again when I began to heal, dancing with you brought me back to life. I had the perfect technique at the ABA but you, you Cooper brought out what I showed today and the people were ecstatic, the applause, I knew I was good, I felt good, it felt real and that is all because of you Cooper. Tara: Yes, you did that boss. It was your vision we just did what you asked us to do. Cooper: So I can be proud of myself? Jodie: Of course Cooper, this is your moment even if you didn't dance this time. Cooper: So I can take the honour of a bow from Mikhail. Sergey: Of course Cooper. You deserved that, you were a great dancer and now you are a great choreographer. Cooper: Thank you Tara: Wait, before you go, Cooper. You know that Denise Biellmann was in the audience as well. Cooper: I didn't Tara: She invited me to train with her and to help me invent a jump that can be named after me. Cooper: Wow, I am so happy for you and Alexei: I found a similar card in my dressing room only that it was from Kurt Browning. The first man who ever landed a clean quadruple. Cooper: Congratulations. Alexei: Thank you, you don't know how much this means to me. Cooper: I do. Wow I think we all really did it. Let's celebrate I booked us a room somewhere private. Sergey: Where? Cooper: Home! Sergey: Home? What do you mean by home? Cooper: Let's go to the studio, don't worry you don't have to dance, I just thought, you ll see. At Coopers studio There are candles, a long table and food everywhere. Cooper: This is for you guys. Our own private celebration after all that happened and the success we had tonight, I don't know if we won but we gave our best. Tara: Wow, this looks amazing! Jodie: This is incredible, wow Cooper that is so wonderful. Cooper is nervous, she knows that this is his only chance, this is perfect and he knows he needs the support from his dancers. Cooper: Can you please sit down, I need witnesses. Jodie: Witnesses for what? Cooper: Would everybody besides Jodie please sit down? Jodie: What are you doing? There is music and Cooper goes down on one knee opening a box Cooper: In front of our family I would like you Jodie Sawyer to do me the honour on this day and ask you if you would consider marrying me? Sergey whispers: Consider? Zoey: Shsshs, spoiling the moment! Jodie: I Maureen: Come on, the answer is pretty easy, Jodie he loves you. Tara: The boss changed Jodie. Sergey: Just say yes. Jodie looks at him, she knows that this is what she wants and she will never be able to let him go. Jodie: Yes and I love you too. They kiss and Cooper puts a pear-shaped diamond on her hand. All are clapping an congratulating the newly engaged couple. Alexei: Perfect, now let's eat! Maureen: Wow, chocolate cake, oh I am finally able to enjoy that. Cooper: Training starts in two days again and you know you ll Jim: Is the training really that hard? I mean come on. Matt, what is it really like? Matt: Buddy, training is hell, I attended that once and I gave up after 20 minutes and you ll know that normally, I can stand 60 minutes in a spinning class. Cooper training however, its insane. Jim: Can I watch some time? Cooper: Only if you try to keep up. Jim: But I can't dance. Tara laughing: Do you really think we dance the whole time? Maureen didn't you educate him? Maureen: Well I think he overheard that. Tara laughs: Understandable when you come home after hours of dancing. Jim dancing is just a part of it. But there is a gym downstairs and we spent at least 2 hours there. Cardio, stretching and weights. Otherwise I wouldn't be able to do stand any of my jumps or dance for more than 4 hours in a show. Sergey: And believe me we don't only train classical ballet, that is just 2 hours of the day. We also do modern dance, step, it's a whole variety and I think that is what we love, why we joined this company and what makes this it so unique. Jodie: It's an experiment but tonight it worked and we will continue to do so and reinvent ballet, dancing because we are all dancers and nobody of us would every sing. Laughing Alexei: We are dancers and in contrary to Jonathan we think that every move is a dancing move and so we can use it in our way, if its on ice, in the studio or on roller blades. Jim: Wow, I never saw it that way. You are athletes but why, I mean you are not looking like the bodybuilders. Alexei grins: Stretching and technique that is all it takes but now you know why we need the calories. Jim: Yep, so when you are in the gym, can I join? Maureen: Yes, but only occasionally. Cooper: Yep because otherwise its company only. Jim: I think I can accept that. Cooper: You have to and I am a bit worried that when I scream at Maureen you wont Jim: You scream at Maureen calming him down Maureen: He is rude to everybody that is an essential part of him. He screams and we get better, afterwards we are having a beer, that's how it works and that is why I am here dancing for Cooper and not for Jonathan. It's the camaraderie that I have experienced not only with you guys but also with the others. Everybody nods Cooper: Do you think we won the competition?","Summary":" Another end to: Center Stage The cold New York fall winds are blowing into the ballet studio. Jodie","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Romance Family -  Jody S., Cooper N. - Chapters: 8   - Words: 28,578 - Reviews: 1 - Favs: 11 - Follows: 11 - Published: 5 24 2013 - Status: Complete - id: 9323791 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Exit Stage Left","Author":"Fele414","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/189136","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Exit Left Part 1/ <!--rn /* Style Definitions */rnp.MsoNormal, li.MsoNormal, div.MsoNormalrnt{mso-style-parent:\"\";rntmargin:0in;rntmargin-bottom:.0001pt;rntmso-pagination:widow-orphan;rntfont-size:12.0pt;rntfont-family:\"Times New Roman\";rntmso-fareast-font-family:\"Times New Roman\";}rnh1rnt{mso-style-next:Normal;rntmargin:0in;rntmargin-bottom:.0001pt;rnttext-align:center;rntmso-pagination:widow-orphan;rntpage-break-after:avoid;rntmso-outline-level:1;rntfont-size:14.0pt;rntmso-bidi-font-size:12.0pt;rntfont-family:Arial;rntmso-font-kerning:0pt;rntfont-weight:normal;}rnp.MsoBodyText, li.MsoBodyText, div.MsoBodyTextrnt{margin:0in;rntmargin-bottom:.0001pt;rnttext-align:center;rntmso-pagination:widow-orphan;rntfont-size:12.0pt;rntfont-family:Arial;rntmso-fareast-font-family:\"Times New Roman\";rntcolor:#00CCFF;}rnp.MsoBodyText2, li.MsoBodyText2, div.MsoBodyText2rnt{margin:0in;rntmargin-bottom:.0001pt;rntmso-pagination:widow-orphan;rntfont-size:12.0pt;rntfont-family:Arial;rntmso-fareast-font-family:\"Times New Roman\";rntcolor:black;}rn@page Section1rnt{size:8.5in 11.0in;rntmargin:1.0in 1.25in 1.0in 1.25in;rntmso-header-margin:.5in;rntmso-footer-margin:.5in;rntmso-paper-source:0;}rndiv.Section1rnt{page:Section1;}rn--> Exit LeftrnPart 1/? By: Fele414 Disclaimer and Summary: Okay I in no way own any part of the movie Center Stage. And for the readers this is my first piecernof fan fic, I've written a lot of poetry but this is my first story. I was so psyched to see this section on thernsite. I have a really good story laidrnout in my head so I'm hoping that this will come out in print. Jodi satrnimpatiently on her bed staring at the phone. Concentrating on it with her eyes she hoped it would make it ringrnfaster. She was suddenly interrupted byrna ring at the door. After debating forrna moment she reluctantly got up to answer it. Cooper Nielson barged through the door scooping Jodi in his arms. She let out a delightful squeal of joy as herntwirled her around. \"Morning beautiful,rnlook what I got,\" he lifted up a bag of food from McDonalds. She put her hands on her hipsrndisapprovingly, \"now how am I suppose to dance in your ballet if you get me allrnfat?\" \"That's exactly why I didn't getrnyou anything.\" She looked at him shockedrnand jumped him for the bag, \"alright you give me that!\" Jodi tackeled Coop to the floor and theyrnbegan screaming and laughing. The phone rang and much to Cooper'srndislike she jumped from the floor to answer it. \"Yes this is Jodi Sawyer, uh huh… oh really.\" Cooper tried to listen in on herrnconversation but to no success. \"Ohmigod, that's so great,\" she began to squeal in delight and finallyrnhung up the phone. \"I got in,\" shernrepeated jumping up and down. Cooperrnjust stared at her not knowing what she was talking about. \"Got into where,\" \"I got into SanrnFransisco,\" she told him. Cooper's facernfell flat not knowing whether to be shocked or angry, \"but I thought we decidedrnyou weren't going to try for San Fransisco,\" \"I know but I did it anyway.\" Momentarily calming down from her good newsrnshe realized how upset he actually was. She leaned up and gave him a small kiss on the lips, \"but what about myrncompany, you're one of my leads?\" \"Cooper, you'll get other leads. \"Then what about me?\" She pausedrnfor a moment not knowing how to respond. \"You know I love you,\" \"then marry me,\" \"how many times do we have to talk about this Cooper,\" her voice grewrnloud in frustration. \"You know we'rernnot ready,\" \"no,\" he shot back, \"I know you think we're not ready.\" She turned away in frustration, in made herrnangry that he was willing to do anything to keep in her in New York. He knew it was her dream to be in the SanrnFransisco Ballet, why couldn't he respect that? \"Are you going there because of Charlie,\" Jodi's head instantlyrnpicked up at the mention of Charlie's name. She walked over to him and looked straight into his eyes, \"Look, Charliernis my past, I'm in love with you,\" she leaned up and passionately kissedrnhim. They broke apart and she smiled atrnhim, \"now, give me a hamburger or else,\" he smiled back at her, \"come and getrnit.\" 3 weeks later…rnJFK Airport… Jodi and Coop stood embraced in eachrnother's arms neither wanting to let go. \"You know this doesn't change anything,\" she reassured him. \"Just remember I'll be there next month tornsee you,\" \"I'm already counting the minutes till I see you again,\" shernsaid. \"I just wanted to give yournsomething before you get on that plane.\" He pulled out a small jewelry box from his pocket and handed it to Jodi,rn\"I know that you think we're not ready. It's not really big or anything, and ummm…., \" he began to stammer. \"You don't, sigh, you don't' have to put itrnon now, it's just so you don't forget what you have back home. And when you're ready to put it on,\" shernplaced her hand on his lips quieting him down. \"This doesn't change anything Coop, I'll see you in a month.\" She gave him one more kiss and walkedrnthrough the gate not looking back. On the plane Jodi sat down andrnplaced the small box in front of her. She didn't touch it almost too afraid too. She reached for the clasp on her necklace and took it off placingrnit next the box. She took the ring offrnthe chain and carefully examined it, placing the ring down she slowly openedrnthe box Cooper had given her. \"OhrnCharlie,\" she whispered, \"how can I face you again after what I did?\" To Be Continued…[Chapter 2] Exit Stage Left Part 2/ <!--rn /* Style Definitions */rnp.MsoNormal, li.MsoNormal, div.MsoNormalrnt{mso-style-parent:\"\";rntmargin:0in;rntmargin-bottom:.0001pt;rntmso-pagination:widow-orphan;rntfont-size:12.0pt;rntfont-family:\"Times New Roman\";rntmso-fareast-font-family:\"Times New Roman\";}rn@page Section1rnt{size:8.5in 11.0in;rntmargin:1.0in 1.25in 1.0in 1.25in;rntmso-header-margin:.5in;rntmso-footer-margin:.5in;rntmso-paper-source:0;}rndiv.Section1rnt{page:Section1;}rn--> Exit Stage Left Part 2/? By: Fele414 Like I said before this is my first piece ofrnfanfiction, so while I encourage reviews please make them constructive I can bernvery sensitive. Also I haven't readrnover it so I hope the grammar and what not isn't too bad. Jodi sat in the back of the cab watching the busy streetsrnof San Francisco. It wasn't all thatrndifferent from New York. While thernstreets were busy they weren't an endless sea of taxis. The people walking down the sidewalks seemedrna lot more carefree and friendlier. Typical skyscrapers were replaced by palm trees and people on rollerrnblades. The cab finally reached the San Francisco TheatricalrnBuilding. The place was crawling withrndancers running to and from classes. Jodi couldn't help but smile at all the excitement going on aroundrnher. She looked around for SarahrnConner's office, she was the orientator. She finally stopped three young girls and asked them where it was. They pointed in the direction and shernrounded the corner of the hallway and stopped dead in her tracks. There at the end of the hallway was Charliernkissing another girl. Jodi quickly dashed back around the corner before theyrncould spot her. She leaned against thernwall biting her lip nervously and clutching her necklace tightly in herrnhand. She peaked her head back aroundrnthe corner to get a better look. Therngirl was her height and had short blond hair, she looked just like her. As much as she hated to admit it, she wasrnjealous. Jodi watched intently asrnCharlie gazed into the mystery girl's eyes. She was smiling ear to ear casually letting out a chuckle every now andrnthen. But that didn't bother her asrnmuch as their body language. 'Yep' shernthought, they were definitely serious. \"Excuse me miss,\" someone tapped Jodi on her shoulder,rn\"miss, can I help you with something?\" Jodi nearly fell over in surprise, she turned around to see a ratherrntall, gangly looking woman standing in front of her. \"Yes, yes sorry. Hi,\" shernshook her hand. \"My name's JodirnSawyer,\" \"Oh, yes I've been waiting for you.\" \"You must be Sarah Conner,\" \"none other than.\" Ms. Conner pulled out a set of keys and started walking aroundrnthe corner, Jodi hesitantly walked with her keeping up conversation. \"I'm so happy that you could join us, I knowrnyou'll just love it here. I have arnschedule in my office for you classes and practice times. Oh there's Charlie, you'll have to meet him,rnhe's just he nicest boy.\" Jodi began tornshake her head, \"um actually he looks a little preoccupied at the moment, \"Ohrnnonsense girl, Charlie. How are yourndoing today?\" Charlie picked his headrnup and caught glimpse of Ms. Conner and Jodi. If he was surprised he sure didn't let on. \"Hi Ms. Conner… Jodi.\" Ms. Conner's face lit up, \"so you two know each other, that's sorngreat!\" \"um yeah, Charlie and I went tornABA together.\" \"Well then Charlie, Irnwas going to show Jodi around, but if you're not busy you could do it, thatrnwould be super \"actually,\" Charlie began to interrupt, \"fantastic. Jodi here's the papers you two have a goodrntime and I'll see you tomorrow.\" And asrnquickly as she had entered into Jodi's life, she left it. For a moment the two just stood therernneither knowing exactly what to say after so long. \"Look Charlie, I know she kinda pushed you into this, you don'trnhave too.\" \"No, it's okay. Let me just tell Gretchen and I'll bernback.\" Jodi watched as the two talked, the mystery girl nowrnknown as Gretchen didn't look too happy. Gretchen finally picked up her bag rather sharply and passed Jodi givingrnher a dirty look. Charlie scratched hisrnforehead and lightly hit the wall in anger. He picked up his bag and walked back over. \"She looked a little mad,\" Jodi spoke up. \"Yeah, she was.\" \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to cause you any problems. Why don't you go talk to her, I'll be finernreally.\" Charlie looked as if he wasrndebating over it for a minute but then shook his head, \"no it's okay, she'llrnget over it.\" The two started walkingrnand for a minute the two were completely silent. \"So you two been dating long,\" Jodi started digging, \"yeah forrnabout a year now,\" \"wow,\" she was surprised. \"So it must be pretty serious then between you two.\" Charlie didn't answer, \"How's Coop? Last I heard you two were prettyrnserious.\" \"Well you know, he's Coop.rnHe's,\" \"Jodi why are you here?\" Jodirnstopped walking and looked at Charlie almost not knowing what to say, \"what dornyou mean,\" \"you know what I mean, what exactly are you doing here, you werernnever interested in San Francisco.\" Shernlooked down then continued walking again, \"things change Charlie,\" \"not somernthings,\" he shot back. That night Jodi sat in her hotel room crying. She picked up the phone and dialed the firstrnnumber that came to her. \"Hello,\" \"hirnEva,\" she could barely manage to talk over her sobs. \"Jodi, girl what's wrong? Why are you crying?\" \"This was arnmistake, a big mistake. I knew it wouldrnbe hard to see him again but I didn't think it would be this hard.\" \"Girl, calm down. I'm sure you're just exaggerating,\" \"no Eva, no,\" she sobbed, \"hernhates me. And he doesn't evenrnknow.\" \"know what Jodi?\" \"The reason I broke up with him, \" \"why didrnyou break up with him Jodi?\" \"I'm sorryrnEva, I can't tell you, I just can't tell you.\" \"Jodi, I know you were going through a really difficult time whenrnCharlie left. You wouldn't talk tornanyone for weeks, sometimes the best thing you can do is confide inrnsomeone\"Okay, you remember when Charlie got accepted to San Francisco, \"rn\"right.\" \"Well he proposed to me, herntold me that he couldn't imagine living his life without me.\" \"And you refused, girl 'chu are so crrasy,rnwhat's wrong with you?\" \"Eva, no matterrnhow much I loved Charlie I couldn't just pick up and leave. San Francisco was his dream, being inrnCooper's Ballet was mine. But there'srnsomething else,\" \"uh oh, why doesn't that sound good,\" \"because it's not. I got pregnant.\" \"Whaaah,\" Eva yelled so loud Jodi had to take the phone away fromrnher ear. \"Why didn't you tell me, whatrndid Charlie say?\" \"Nothing, I neverrntold him.\" \"What do you mean you didn'trntell him, how could you not tell him something like that Jodi, girl what'srnwrong with you.\" \"Look Eva, that was arnreally difficult time in my life. Irncouldn't ask Charlie to give up his dream and I wasn't willing to give uprnmine.\" \" Don't tell me you got anrnabortion,\" \"no, I mean I was thinking about it, but I miscarried.\" \"Wait a second, I'm confused,\" Eva wasrnfreakin' on the phone. \"Charlie told mernhe caught you kissing Cooper and then you told him that you didn't lovernhim.\" Jodi wiped the tears from herrnface and blew her nose, \"I had to give him a reason to leave. He would never had left otherwise. I know it sounds twisted and bizarre but Irndid it all for him. I loved him toornmuch to deny him his dream.\" \"Well whatrnhappened to the ring?\" \"I went to givernit to him, but he wouldn't take it back and just left. Eva, I don't know what to do, I still lovernhim, I never stopped.\" \"Man I don'trnknow what to tell you Jodi.\"[Chapter 3] Exit Stage Left 3/ <!--rn /* Style Definitions */rnp.MsoNormal, li.MsoNormal, div.MsoNormalrnt{mso-style-parent:\"\";rntmargin:0in;rntmargin-bottom:.0001pt;rntmso-pagination:widow-orphan;rntfont-size:12.0pt;rntfont-family:\"Times New Roman\";rntmso-fareast-font-family:\"Times New Roman\";}rn@page Section1rnt{size:8.5in 11.0in;rntmargin:1.0in 1.25in 1.0in 1.25in;rntmso-header-margin:.5in;rntmso-footer-margin:.5in;rntmso-paper-source:0;}rndiv.Section1rnt{page:Section1;}rn--> Exit Stage Left 3/? By: Fele414 *I just wanted to say thanks for all the positivernfeedback that I've gotten. It's sornexciting to know you all like my story. I'm going to try and keep it interesting, it will probably be a few morerndays until I can post another chapter. 40 hours at work and 15 credit hours at school give me little time tornmyself, I'm sure most of you know howrnI feel. Once again I kinda just typed it up and won't have time to read it overrnfor grammatical errors so if it doesn't all flow, then that's just too bad.rnAnyway, on with the story!! Jodi arrived early before practice,rnshe didn't really know her way around all that well and wanted to get more of arnfeel for it. She strolled down thernendless hallways until she came upon a small lobby. It contained a couch, vending machine, and a bulletin board. Jodi wandered up to the board hoping to findrnsomeone looking for a roommate, it had been almost a week since she had arrivedrnand she hadn't even begun looking for an apartment. Her gaze wandered over several pages until a particular ad caughtrnher attention. She tore the paper fromrnthe board and stuffed it in her bag before rushing off to practice. Laterrnthat day… Practice had been long andrnenduring. In Cooper's ballet Jodi hadrnalways felt comfortable in her position, her self-confidence neverrnfaltered. But here, here she felt asrntall as an ant. She could feel everyrntime Charlie looked her way, and it felt as if he was burning a hole throughrnher. The apartment she had gotten off the ad was in arnsmall complex just down the street from the Center, it was an older building, arnsplit level Mexican design. She buzzedrnthe apartment several times before someone finally picked up, \"yeah?\" \"Hi I'm Jodi Sawyer, I'm here about the roomrnfor rent.\" \"Oh snapp, hold up, I'll bernright down,\" the girl's accent was a thick New York accent, Jodi couldn't helprnbut laugh at how much she sounded like Eva. The door opened and a girl taller than Jodi with dark red hair withrnspiral curls appeared. \"Hi,\" \"hi,\" Jodirnreplied back a little nervously. \"Myrnname's Jen,\" she introduced herself while sticking a piece of gum in herrnmouth. \"You seem pretty normal, whyrndon't you come on up.\" Jodi followedrnher up to the apartment, it was nice she thought to herself. There was a kitchen, a dining room, a livingrnroom, and 3 bedrooms. \"Are you the onlyrnone living here,\" Jodi asked walking through the dining area. \"No, Katie lives here too. She's in the San Francisco Ballet, she'srnreal good too.\" \"Really, so am I,\" \"Wellrnhey 'aint this a small world. Anywho,rnthis would be your room, rent's 300 a month plus your share of the food andrnwhat not.\" Jodi shook her head, \"waitrnare you offering me this room,\" \"wellrnyeah you do want it right?\" \"Well ofrncourse,\" Jodi shocked back, \"but I mean aren't you going to ask me anyrnquestions or anything?\" \"Well you seemrnpretty descent, but okay. Ever been inrnjail?\" Jodi shook her head no, \"Okayrnthen, you pass the test. They're just arnfew rules, no smoking and no drugs, you think you can handle that?\" \"Uh, yeah I think so,\" \"great, welcome homernJodi.\" Laterrnthat day… Jodi sat in what was now her newrnroom. Surrounded by boxes Jen hadrninsisted she move in right away. Jodirnknew she meant soon, but she didn't think she meant that night. But Jen even took the time to go down to herrnhotel room and help her get all her boxes. Apparently her old roommate had left them stranded, what was it Jen hadrnsaid Jodi thought, oh yeah, \"well Jo, that was our old roommate, she met somernguy and less than a month later poof, they were married, just like that can yournimagine? She left us high andrndry.\" Jen was nice, the two had bondedrnreally well and San Francisco was starting to look better. Jodi wandered into the kitchen, Jenrnwas sitting on the counter painting her toenails. \"So where's Katie, I can't wait to meet her,\" \"ah, she's probablyrnwith her boyfriend, you know how that goes. All she eva' twalks about is how much she loves him, and how sherncouldn't bare to lose him. I mean don'trnget me wrong or nothing, she's my friend and all but the girl is paranoid. I remember one time she had the cops up herernbreaking up a fight between her and her man because he called her by his ex'srnname or somethin'. If you ask me Irnthink he's still hooked on some girl he left back home, but you didn't hearrnthat from me.\" \"hear what,\" \"exactly,\"rnJen answered back. As if on cue the door opened andrnKatie walked through the door. Jodi'srnmouth dropped, \"you,\" Katie spit out, \"me?\" \"What the hell are you doing here,\" \"you two know each other,\" Jenrnasked. \"Yeah she's in my company,\"rnKatie answered. \"But, I thought yourrnname was Gretchen,\" \"Gretchen's my middle name, only Charlie calls mernGretchen.\" Of all the luck, Jodirnthought. \"Now like I said, what thernhell are you doing here?\" Jen jumpedrndown from the counter and put her arm around Jodi, \"she's our newrnroommate.\" Gretchen dropped her bag andrnpointed at Jen, \"can I have a word with you for a moment… alone?\" The two girls walked over by the door andrnbegan whispering. Jodi tried to listenrnin but with their backs turned she couldn't make out what they were saying. \"How dare you get a new roommaternwithout asking me first. Tell her shernhas to go,\" \"I don't think so Gretch, she's nice. Besides, she's already paid for the next three months, and yournknow we need the money.\" Gretchenrnstomped her foot in frustration, \"fine, but for the record I'm not very happyrnabout this.\" \"fine, duly noted.\" The two turned around, \"sorry about thatrnJodi, you just caught me off guard a little bit.\" Gretchen eyed her evilly and gave a chilling grin, \"well I don'trnknow about you two ladies, but I'm going to spend the night at Charlies. I'll see you two in the morning.\" Gretchen left and Jodi throughrnherself on the couch sighing heavily. \"I don't' think she likes me,\" \"no shit, I coulda' told ya that. What did you do to pist her off?\" Jodi didn't answer, what could she say. She had only known Jen for a couple of hours, she didn't know where herrnloyalties were. Besides how could shernadmit it to her that she still loved Charlie when she couldn't' even admit itrnto herself.[Chapter 4] Exit Stage Left Chapter 4/ <!--rn /* Style Definitions */rnp.MsoNormal, li.MsoNormal, div.MsoNormalrnt{mso-style-parent:\"\";rntmargin:0in;rntmargin-bottom:.0001pt;rntmso-pagination:widow-orphan;rntfont-size:12.0pt;rntfont-family:\"Times New Roman\";rntmso-fareast-font-family:\"Times New Roman\";}rn@page Section1rnt{size:8.5in 11.0in;rntmargin:1.0in 1.25in 1.0in 1.25in;rntmso-header-margin:.5in;rntmso-footer-margin:.5in;rntmso-paper-source:0;}rndiv.Section1rnt{page:Section1;}rn--> Exit Stage Left Chapter 4/? By: Fele414 Once again I would like to thank everyone for thernfeedback. It's really exciting when Irnsign on and I hear that, \"you've got mail,\" and find a bunch of reviews fromrnfanfiction.net. Anywho, I'm gettingrnreally quite excited with this story, and can't wait to continue. Once again, I barely have time to write thisrnwith my busy schedule and do not have time to have it beta-read or whateverrnthey call it, and I don't have time to revise is myself, so please try andrnoverlook all the grammar and spelling errors. Thanks again and enjoy my next installment. Thernnext day… Jodi couldn't get out of bed, she felt so physically illrnit hurt just to breath. She thought ofrncalling Cooper, she missed hearing his voice, seeing his comforting smile; shernfelt bad for not calling him since the day she arrived, but not even Coop couldrnconsole her right now. She laid in herrnbed staring out at the morning sun which soon became the afternoon sun, thenrnfinally the moon. Suddenly there was a knock at the door waking Jodi fromrnher dream. What a wonderful dream shernthought. In it she and Charlie wererntogether… with their baby. But she knewrnit had to be a dream, nothing in life was ever that perfect and no one is asrnhappy as that. Jenrnpeaked through the door, \"Honey what is wrong with you,\" Jodi didn't answer,rnshe just stared back at her. \"Come onrnout, I think there's someone who wants to see you.\" Jodi's interest peaked, wondering who would be here to see her,rnshe didn't know anyone here. \"Who,\"rn\"Charlie.\" She instantly shot out ofrnbed slightly opening the door to get a good look, and sure enough, there wasrnCharlie. She slammed the door, touchingrnher hair, \"I look like crap, I can't let him see me like this.\" That's just what Jen was waiting to hear, \"Irnknew it,\" \"knew what,\" \"I knew there had to be something between you andrnCharlie to set Katie off like that last night. I just didn't know what, until now. What exactly went on between you two?\" Jodi bit her lower lip, still not wanting to tell her, but having nornother choice she conceded, \"okay, tell you what. Help me get ready and I swear I'll tell you what happenedrntonight.\" \"Deal.\" Jodirnstrolled out of her room looking a great deal better than she felt. She could feel the butterflies in herrnstomach as Charlie's head picked up. \"Oh hey Jodi, you… you look great,\" \"Thanks Charlie, um I don't thinkrnKatie's here.\" \"Yeah I know, I actuallyrncame here to speak to you. She told mernwhat happened last night. Ummm… do yournthink that we could talk about this alone,\" indicating to Jen in the back. \"Oh, I was just leaving ya' know. Have to walk the dog and all,\" \"Jen, werndon't have a dog,\" \"oh yeah, good point. Maybe I'll go buy one.\" Charliernsat down on the couch as Jen passed by leaving the apartment. Jodi crossed her arms in nervousness. Those damn butterflies just won't go awayrnshe thought. Why was she so nervous? This was just Charlie. \"Charlie,\"rnshe stepped forward, \"what is it?\" \"Yournknow when I first saw you that day I was… I felt,\" Charlie searched for thernright words. \"I missed you Jodi. Not having to see you in the last 2 years Irnwas able to justify my anger toward you, especially once I heard that you andrnCooper were an item again. That hurt,rnGod that hurt,\" she could hear the emotion drip from his voice. \" But the second I saw you again, standing there in the hall, all thosernthoughts of anger and resentment were gone. The truth is Jodi, there will always be a part of me that will love you.rnI can't help that, but just like you have Coop I have someone too. I care about her a lot. I think it's love, not like the love we had,rnbut different.\" \"Good different,\" she'srnasked sitting next to him. He lookedrninto her eyes for the first time since she told him she had fallen out of lovernwith him and put on the bravest face he could. \"yeah, good different. I knowrnit's going to be weird not only working together but you living with myrngirlfriend, but I was wondering if we could be friends.\" \"Friends?\" \"Jodi, too much has happened between us not to be friends. You probably know things about me no onernelse does.\" She nodded her head, \"thenrnfriends it is.\" With a half easy smilernthe two hugged with an obvious passion rekindling within the two. I can't believe it, Jodi thought, he still cares. He still loves me.[Chapter 5] Exit Stage Left 5/ <!--rn /* Style Definitions */rnp.MsoNormal, li.MsoNormal, div.MsoNormalrnt{mso-style-parent:\"\";rntmargin:0in;rntmargin-bottom:.0001pt;rntmso-pagination:widow-orphan;rntfont-size:12.0pt;rntfont-family:\"Times New Roman\";rntmso-fareast-font-family:\"Times New Roman\";}rnp.MsoBodyText, li.MsoBodyText, div.MsoBodyTextrnt{margin:0in;rntmargin-bottom:.0001pt;rnttext-align:justify;rntmso-pagination:widow-orphan;rntfont-size:12.0pt;rntfont-family:Arial;rntmso-fareast-font-family:\"Times New Roman\";}rn@page Section1rnt{size:8.5in 11.0in;rntmargin:1.0in 1.25in 1.0in 1.25in;rntmso-header-margin:.5in;rntmso-footer-margin:.5in;rntmso-paper-source:0;}rndiv.Section1rnt{page:Section1;}rn--> Exit Stage Left 5/? By: Fele414 Hi everyone, I just wanted to say thanks again forrnall the positive reviews and sorry that this took a few days to add a newrnchapter, unfortunately this chapter will be extremely short, 'cause I got tornrun off to work. Keep the reviews coming,rnI love 'em. Almost 2 weeks later… \"And onernand two and three and four,\" the coordinator directed, \"good Jodi, excellentrnCharlie.\" It hadn't been Jodi's idea tornpair up with Charlie, but Jack Bouvier one of San Francisco's leadingrnchoreographers, who by the way, had been sitting in class all day watching herrnwith an uneasy glare. But Bouvierrnwasn't the only audience the two had. On the other side of the room was an envious Katie watched with hatredrnas Charlie lifted Jodi gracefully into the air. Until she had arrived her and Charlie had been partners and onrntheir way to being the Ballet's top dance partners, but with the way thingsrnwere looking, that was all over now. She was not going to let Jodi get away with this. Therncoordinator stopped clapping, \"that was great everyone, okay that's arnwrap. See you tomorrow, same batrnchannel, same bat time.\" \"You werernreally good today Jodi, being in Cooper's ballet really improved yourrntechnique,\" Charlie told her. \"Thanks,rnbut it's not just me. Charlie I couldrnnever dance so well without a partner like you,\" \"ah c'mon, I think you give mernmore credit than I deserve.\" \"Nevertheless,rnyou two flow together.\" Jodi andrnCharlie looked over at Jack Bouvier who had been observing the two allrnday. \"Fitting each other andrncomplimenting one another like to pieces of a puzzle coming together. You might have noticed I've been watchingrnyou two today, but the truth is I've been watching you for quite somerntime. Anyways, let me get to thernpoint. I'm choreographing and producingrna play for the company and I want you two to be it's stars. It's going to be a huge budget, I'm gettingrnfree reign.\" He grabbed Jodi's handsrnand lovingly stroked them, \"my dear you would be so lovely, please tell mernyou'll be in my ballet.\" Jodi looked atrnCharlie then back at Jack, \"okay I'll do it. As long as Charlie agrees too.\" Jodi gave him a pleaing looking, \"now how can I refuse a look likernthat? Yeah, I'll do it.\" \"Oh that's great, but we must start rehearsalrnright away, we have less than a month. I'll see you tomorrow at 10,\" and with that Mr. Bouvier scurried off. Katiernwalked up with a puzzled look on her face, \"what was up with that, what didrnBouvier want?\" \"He wants me and Charliernto be in his new ballet.\" \"The new balletrnthat everyone is talking about? He wantsrnyou two to be in it? But you've onlyrnbeen here like 3 weeks, I have seniority.\" \"Well I guess he thought Jodi would better suite the part,\" \"well what'srnit about?\" \"I don't know,\" Jodirnanswered, \"I'll guess we'll find out tomorrow at rehearsal.\"[Chapter 6] <!--rn /* Style Definitions */rnp.MsoNormal, li.MsoNormal, div.MsoNormalrnt{mso-style-parent:\"\";rntmargin:0in;rntmargin-bottom:.0001pt;rntmso-pagination:widow-orphan;rntfont-size:12.0pt;rntfont-family:\"Times New Roman\";rntmso-fareast-font-family:\"Times New Roman\";}rn@page Section1rnt{size:8.5in 11.0in;rntmargin:1.0in 1.25in 1.0in 1.25in;rntmso-header-margin:.5in;rntmso-footer-margin:.5in;rntmso-paper-source:0;}rndiv.Section1rnt{page:Section1;}rn--> Exit Stage Left 6/? By: Fele414 I now realize that the number of my chapters arerngetting rather high since they are so short. I don't like writing and don't have the time to write long chapters, sornas a warning for the future, I might be combing some of the chapters to keeprnthe number down. At least that way Irnwon't end up with 20 little chapters. To be honest I never thought I would keep writing, I tend to loserninterest, but with all the feedback and what-not, how could I stop? Enjoy the story. Jodi's mind drifted back to a time and place she almostrnbut never knew. It was Valentine'srnDay. New York was bright and breezy,rnand bustling with business. The streetsrnwere crowded like always and Jodi's eyes gazed across the street. The Empire State Building, 102 stories ofrnincredible beauty she thought. She bitrnher lip in anticipation, in just a few minutes she would be on the observatoryrnfloor cradled in Charlie's warm embrace. She crossed the street, but something about the building just wouldn'trnallow her to draw her gaze away. Itrnwasn't until she heard a loud horn that she look to see a taxi heading straightrnat her, but it was too late. \"Jodi wake up, honey get up,\" Jen shook her awake. \"What,\" Jodi was lost, where was she? \"I was in New York, the Empire StaternBuilding,\" \"no,\" Jen interrupted. \"You've just seen An Affair to Remember to many times.\" Realization finally set in, she just sat forrna moment, \"oh, okay. I'm going to bed,rnI have an early rehearsal.\" The front door opened and Katie walked in. Closing the door behind her she placed herrngym bag on the floor. Looking at therntwo girls she collapsed on the chair. \"You look tired, what have you been up to? Or should I ask?\" Katiernsat there for a moment tousling a piece of hair, \"Charlie just wouldn't take nornfor an answer tonight. He's such a goodrnfuck though, wouldn't you agree Jodi?\" Jodi's mouth just dropped in shock, \"excuse me?\" \"Oh you know how good Charlie is inrnbed. He just never quits, he's likernthat Energizer bunny. But I don't havernto tell you that, now do I.\" \"Look yourntwo, I don't like where this conversation is headed. Jodi didn't you say you were just goin' ta sleep?\" Jodi looked at Jen thankful for an excuse tornget out of there. \"Yeah, I have anrnearly practice tomorrow. By the wayrnBouvier talks, Charlie and I will be spending lots of time practicingrntogether. Goodnight guys.\" Jodi turned away from her roommates andrnsmiled to herself knowing that wouldn't sit to well with Katie. \"That sounds likerna good idea to me too, I'll be seein' ya in the morning Katie,\" \"night,\" Katierntold her friend. She sat there for arnmoment contemplating the brief confrontation she and Jodi just had. She was going to make the next move, but shernwasn't sure what she was going to do. The phone rang and she got up to get it. \"Hi, is Jodi there,\" she had recognized the voice belonging tornCooper. While the two had never spokenrnbefore, she had listened in on a few of his conversations with Jodi. \"Um no she's out with Charlie right now,\"rn\"Uh,\" the voice immediately retracted taking a much deeper and melancholyrntone. \"Do you know when she'll bernback,\" \"I don't know, those two arernusually out pretty late. Can I take arnmessage?\" \"No, that won't be necessary,rnthank you.\" The phone on the other end hung up and the dial tone followed. Katie hung her phone up smiling tornherself. \"Well, this should berninteresting.\" Days later… Jodi and Charlie practiced day in and day out, and muchrnto Katie's dismay were becoming very close again, very quickly. Jodi has soon come to find that Bouvier,rnwhile being a very compassionate choreographer, was a drill sergeant. He made people like Julia Simone look likernan angel. The group finally broke forrnlunch and Charlie and Jodi decided to take a walk down to Du Pont's park. The sky was beautiful and the breezernstrong. Jodi wrapped her hands aroundrnher arms trying to keep warm. Charlierntaking note put his arm around her in effort to warm her up. \"It's the Santa Anna winds. You know there are all kinds of storiesrnabout those winds, how they make people do some crazy things.\" \"No, I've never heard about it before, tellrnme,\" she looked up at him smiling. Forrna moment he lost himself in her eyes, he just stared at the curves of her facernthat he had memorized so long ago. \"It's said that people do things that they would normallyrnnever do. It's as if it has some kindrnof power over people making them lose all their inhibitions.\" \"Like the force?\" \"Yeah like the force. Yournknow what today reminds me?\" Jodirnsmiled knowing exactly what he was talking about. By this time the two were holding hands and absolutelyrnglowing. \"Let me guess. It doesn't have anything to do with arncertain Central Park and a fountain does it?\" \"Yeah, yes it does.\" The two grew quiet for a moment, Charlie seemed to almostrnseemed to shut down. \"We had some goodrntimes didn't we Charlie,\" he didn't say anything. Jodi started to worry, \"so how's Cooper? He mustn't like being so far away from you,\"rn\"You're right Charlie I don't.\" The twornturned around to see Cooper Nielson standing behind them. Jodi backed away from Charlie not daring tornlook at him. \"Coop, what are you doingrnhere?\"[Chapter 7] Exit Stage Left 7/ <!--rn /* Style Definitions */rnp.MsoNormal, li.MsoNormal, div.MsoNormalrnt{mso-style-parent:\"\";rntmargin:0in;rntmargin-bottom:.0001pt;rntmso-pagination:widow-orphan;rntfont-size:12.0pt;rntfont-family:\"Times New Roman\";rntmso-fareast-font-family:\"Times New Roman\";}rn@page Section1rnt{size:8.5in 11.0in;rntmargin:1.0in 1.25in 1.0in 1.25in;rntmso-header-margin:.5in;rntmso-footer-margin:.5in;rntmso-paper-source:0;}rndiv.Section1rnt{page:Section1;}rn--> Exit Stage Left 7/? By: Fele414 Sorry it has taken so long to update, but I've beenrnreally really busy. I barely have timernto write this, so you can only imagine the time I have to read over forrngrammatical errors and whatnot, so please forgive me if some of it's a littlernrough to read. Keep the reviews coming,rnif I don't get enough of them I won't continue. Enjoy… \"What do you mean what am I doing here, we agreed I'd bernhere in a month. Or did you forget, Irndidn't,\" Cooper's face was filled with anger. \"I didn't forget,\" Jodi said barely above a whisper. She looked over at Charlie, \"um, Charlierncould we have a few minutes alone.\" Hisrngaze fell to the ground looking almost defeated. \"Sure,\" he said, \"it wouldn't be the first time you chose CooperrnNielson over me,\" the last part so low neither of the other two heard him. \"I'll meet you back at the studio,rnokay?\" \"Yeah, I'll see you there.\" \"So you and Charlie huh, figures,\" \"it's not how it looks,\" Jodi sighed inrnfrustration. \"Look, there's just somethingrnbetween me and Charlie that you'd never understand,\" \"well what is it?\" She looked away, I was pregnant with hisrnchild , she wanted to say. \"I can'trntell you,\" \"you can't tell me?\" Cooperrnbegan to circle around her putting his hand to his chin, \"well let's see whatrncould it be,\" \"jesus Coop, what is your deal with Charlie. We're just friends.\" \"My deal,\" he ran up to her grabbing herrnarms, \"my deal is that my girlfriend never stopped loving him, even while yournpretended to love me. Look at me Jodi,rnlook what you're doing to me. I can'trnsleep, I can't eat, I can't dance because of you. I call you 10 times a day and every time they tell me you're outrnwith Charlie. I mean what could it be,rndid you have his kid or something?\" Jodi's face froze in horror giving Cooper his answer, \"that's it isn'trnit, you and Charlie had a kid.\" Jodirnpulled away from him, \"no, of course that's not it. What would make you say such a thing, how dare you Coop.\" \"Eva told me,\" Jodi stopped in her tracksrnand spun around to him, \"look I don't know what Eva told you, but,\" \"damn itrnJodi, stop lyeing to me, stop lying to yourself.\" Jodi now crying looks away from Cooper unable to look atrnhim. \"I have to go,\" she managed tornsay, \"I have to get back to rehearsal. Why don't you give me a call later tonight and we can talk.\" \"Sure, whatever.\" Jodi made the long trek back to the dance hall however;rnthe journey seemed a lonely this time around. The winds that seemed so magical just a half an hour ago now seemedrnthreatening. Just off in the distancerndark clouds threatened down pour, urging Jodi to push forward or risk gettingrnsoaked. Now within view of the studiornshe could see Charlie standing by the stairs. A smile stretched across her lips, but soon disappeared once she noticedrnKatie standing with him. Katie saw Jodirnapproaching in the distance and grabbed Charlie kissing him passionately. She tried not let it affect her, but sherncouldn't help it. Charlie pulled awayrnlooking up to see Jodi walking toward them. He went to call her name but Katie saw to that and pulled him intornanother kiss. Pulling away he was toornlate, she ran up the stairs into the building before he could get a wordrnout. He looked at his girlfriend andrnsighed, \"look I have to get back, why don't we meet up afterward I really needrnto be with you right now.\" She placedrnher palm on his cheek and smiled wickedly, \"whatever you want darling.\" During the rest of rehearsal neither one of the two saidrna word to each other. The tensionrnbetween the two was obvious and Bouvier could sense something was wrong. \"Okay, what's going on here? You guys just are concentrating, Jodi yournarms look like to pieces of spaghetti and Charlie, your center's off.\" He waited for a response from them, butrnneither spoke up. \"Alright then, maybernyou guys just need a break. I'll callrnit quits for tonight, but I want you two here half an hour early tomorrow so werncan work on warm ups together.\" Jodirngrabbed her bag and ran out of there before Charlie could even catch up to her. Later that night… Jodi sat crying on the couch with a box of tissues in herrnhand. Jen walked into the room lookingrnat Jodi, \"girl why are you crying now? Oh, it's Sleepless in Seattle , I love this movie yo.\" Jen sat down and after a few minutes she wasrncrying to. \"I hate this part man. When she finds the backpack and thinks shernmissed them.\" \"Ssshhhh,\" Jodi tried tornquite her down, \"look the elevator's opening. Suddenlyrnthe front door flew open and Katie came running in. \"You bitch,\" \"which one,\" Jen asked. \"Her! I'm sure you hadrnnothing to do with Charlie breaking up with me tonight, now did you? What, it's not enough that you had CooperrnNielson, you had to take my man too?\" Jodi felt a ping of anger growing within the pit of her stomach, thernlikes she had never felt. All the pentrnup frustration and stress from Charlie, the new ballet, and Katie was finallyrnabout to be released. \"Look, I have nornidea what your talking about, but you have no clue what Charlie and I have beenrnthrough what we were.\" \"Exactly,\" Katiernpointed her finger at her, \"what you were! Charlie's mine now, I've worked hard at making him happy and you comernhere and in just a few weeks you ruin everything!\" \"You know what? You'rernattitude really sucks, and I am not going to put up with it anymore! You hear me! You may think Charlie loves you, but there will always be a piecernof him that you can never touch, the piece that belongs to me. And as much as you want to deny it, it's arnrather large portion. Now if you'llrnexcuse me, the sight of you is making me nauseous.\" Jodi grabbed her jacket and ran out of the apartment.[Chapter 8] Exit Stage Left Chapter 8 Exit Stage Left Chapter 8 Can you believernit!? I actually updated this story. My life has been so hectic thatrnI just have absolutely no time. I didn't really have time to read over itrnso I hope that it's okay to read. I love the reviews, but please none onrngrammar or how to properly publish writing on the web. I really don't haverntime to deal with it. Jodi walked thernstreets of San Francisco not knowing where she was. Then again, she reallyrndidn't care. She felt so lost, lost in mind, in body, and in San Francisco. rnShe pulled out her cell phone debating whether to call Cooper or Charlie. rnBitting her lip in frustration and running her hand through her hair, she satrndown on the curb. She tried to think of happier times like the week herrnand Charlie spent in Hawaii, when everything was so perfect. \"Wellrnhello, what do we have here?\" Jodi turned around to see a dark figurernstanding over her. \"I was uh, just leaving,\" the terror began tornrise within her body. \"Oh come on now, a pretty little thing likernyou. I bet we could have a lot of fun.\" Getting up Jodi backedrnaway, \"I don't think so.\" The dark figure stepped closerrngrabbing onto her, \"oh, I think so.\" Elsewhere... Charlie sat in frontrnof his television only half watching it. A part of him never wanted to seernJodi again, but another part of him wanted to call her that very moment. rnUnfortunately his stubborn pride got in the way and he couldn't bring himself tornpick up the phone. The doorbell rang and half expecting to see Jodi,rnCharlie jumped up to answer it. \"Cooper,\" he stepped backrnsurprised. \"I went to see Jodi but she wasn't there. Herrnroommate said she was probably here and gave me the address.\" rn\"Well she's not, so unless you have anything else to say have arngoodnight.\" \"Wait, Charlie... I need to ask you somernthings. It's kind of important.\" Charlie saw that Cooper wasrnactually sincere, \"yeah okay man, come on in.\" The two sat downrnand for a minute neither of them said anything. \"Charlie, I don'trnknow how... I just need to, I have to ask you, do you still lovernJodi?\" He didn't know how to respond, of course he did, he neverrnstopped, but how was he suppose to tell Cooper that. \"Yeah, Irndo.\" \"Well then, I think there's some things you need tornknow. Do you mind if we take a walk?\" Charlie nodded his head,rn\"sure, but this better be good Coop,\" \"trust me, you definitelyrnwant to hear what I have to say.\" Charlie grabbed his jacket and therntwo began to walk out. The phone rang and Cooper shot Charlie a look,rn\"don't worry, the machine will pick it up,\" and with that he lockedrnthe door. Somewhere on the streets of San Francisco... Jodi ran as fast asrnshe could trying to get away from her assailant. She trembled and cried asrnshe heard his footsteps just behind her. She ducked behind a corner andrnfor a moment she thought she had lost him. She took the opportunity torncall for help and without thinking dialed 1 on her speed dial. 'PleasernCharlie pick up,' she thought to herself. The machine picked up,rn\"Charlie please be scanning, please pick up! There's this guy he'srnchasing me, he's going to find me, help me,\" her voice was interrupted by arndeep rough voice, \"aww, there you are,\" Jodi dropped her phone as thernguy grabbed her and threw her to the ground.[Chapter 9] Exit Stage Left","LastChapter":"Exit Stage Left","Summary":" Exit Left Part 1/ <!--rn /* Style Definitions */rnp.MsoNormal, li.MsoNormal, div.MsoNormalrnt{mso-s","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K - English - Chapters: 9   - Words: 8,406 - Reviews: 78 - Favs: 4 - Follows: 2 - Updated: 6 3 2001 - Published: 1 25 2001 - id: 189136 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Center Stage 2: The Sequel","Author":"WeakestLink","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/338323","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Center Stage 2: The Sequel[Chapter 2] Center Stage 2: The Sequel[Chapter 3] Center Stage 2: The Sequel[Chapter 4] Center Stage 2: The Sequel[Chapter 5] Center Stage 2: The Sequel[Chapter 6] Center Stage 2: The Sequel Center Stage 2: The Sequel 6 ~**~ DISCLAIMER ~**~ I own nothing to do with 'Center Stage'. I own only Linnie Robinson and Damon Andrews. I also own Vanessa Carpenter. Enjoy!! =:^) Author's Note: Hey! This is rated PG-13… because… I dunno. Language and some other little stuff. This is my first fanfiction, so I hope you like it and leave a review.[Chapter 7] Center Stage 2: The Sequel Center Stage 2: The Sequel 7 ~**~ DISCLAIMER ~**~ I own nothing to do with 'Center Stage'. I own only Linnie Robinson and Damon Andrews. I also own Vanessa Carpenter. Enjoy!! =:^) Author's Note: Hey! This is rated PG-13… because of language and some other stuff I guess. This is my first fanfiction, so I hope you like it. Sorry about the major time change, I just couldn't figure out how to do 13 months. But, I hope you like my story anyhow and leave a review.[Chapter 8] Center Stage 2: The Sequel Center Stage 2: The Sequel 8 ~**~ DISCLAIMER ~**~ I own nothing to do with 'Center Stage'. I own only Linnie Robinson and Damon Andrews. I also own Vanessa Carpenter. Enjoy!! =:^) Author's Note: Hey! This is rated PG-13… because of language and some other stuff I guess. This is my first fanfiction, so I hope you like it. But, I hope you like my story anyhow and leave a review.[Chapter 9] Center Stage 2: The Sequel 9 ~**~ DISCLAIMER ~**~ I own nothing to do with 'Center Stage'. I own only Linnie Robinson and Damon Andrews. I also own Vanessa Carpenter. Enjoy!! =:^) Author's Note: Hey! This is rated PG-13… because of language and some other stuff I guess. This is my first fanfiction, so I hope you like it. But, I hope you like my story anyhow and leave a review.[Chapter 10] Center Stage 2: The Sequel 10 ~**~ DISCLAIMER ~**~ I own nothing to do with 'Center Stage'. I own only Linnie Robinson and Damon Andrews. I also own Vanessa Carpenter. Enjoy!! =:^) Author's Note: Hey! This is rated PG-13… because of language and some other stuff I guess. This is my first fanfiction, so I hope you like it. But, I hope you like my story anyhow and leave a review.","LastChapter":"Center Stage 2: The Sequel 10 ~**~ DISCLAIMER ~**~ I own nothing to do with 'Center Stage'. I own only Linnie Robinson and Damon Andrews. I also own Vanessa Carpenter. Enjoy!! =:^) Author's Note: Hey! This is rated PG-13… because of language and some other stuff I guess. This is my first fanfiction, so I hope you like it. But, I hope you like my story anyhow and leave a review.","Summary":" Center Stage 2: The Sequel[Chapter 2] Center Stage 2: The Sequel[Chapter 3] Center Stage 2: The Seq","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Chapters: 10   - Words: 10,479 - Reviews: 46 - Favs: 4 - Updated: 1 3 2002 - Published: 7 2 2001 - id: 338323 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Flushed away: The Adventure Continues","Author":"Ash Li Wu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3832103","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay, I'm a little nervous about this... This is actually my very first story I have ever written in my whole life and I just want all of you who read this can understand and enjoy it. Please R&R; so I can improve. Thanks! One more thing: I don't own Flushed Away, it's owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman. But some of the characters are owned by me: Duchess & Fromage (Watch out for these characters!) Chapter 1: Going on Vacation The story starts under the English streets. Yes, the London sewers. Remember the last scene of the movie where Ratropolis almost met their doom. Fortunately, Roddy and Rita save the city and ruin the Toad's plan by freezing the giant wave that almost flushed away the city. After the incident, the Toad disappeared. No one has seen him since. Except his henchrats are still wandering around the city but they are not causing any trouble. As for Le Frog, he went back to France with his henchfrogs. Now the question on everybody's mind: Where is the Toad? If you guess the Floodgate control, then you're right. In the floodgate control, the Toad is talking to his French cousin Le Frog on his cellular phone. \"Please Le Frog! Please?\" \"Forget it my annoying English cousin! I won't help you!\" \"Please! I'm already begging on my knees! Please!\" \"For the last time, NO!\" The Toad was desperate to convince Le Frog to come back and work for him, and then his eyes grew bigger and began to whimper. Le Frog was disgust by the acting made by his cousin. \"Aaugh!\" said Le Frog and rolled his eyes \"Alright fine I'll come back, just stop making the googly face before I throw up.\" \"Excellent!\" shouted the Toad \"then we should start at once!\" \"Make that three days cousin,\" said Le Frog \"we have some errands we need to accomplish so this could take a while.\" \"But, but…\" \"No buts!\" \"Alright fine, I'll see you in three days, oh and Le Frog! Don't forget my little present that we talked about.\" \" Oui , I won't forget, Au revoir cousin\" Le Frog ended the call. The Toad walked around his room back and forth, he impatiently waited for his cousin to come, but three days is a long time for him. \"Three days\" he mumbled \"I couldn't wait that long, this plan has to take action immediately.\" Spike and Whitey, along with the other henchrats entered the room. Spike twitches as he approaches the large toad. \"You called us boss\" said Spike nervously \"have you got a job for us?\" \"Change of plans boys\" announced the Toad \"we'll start in 3 days.\" \"Really boss? Then we should take a vacation while we wait.\" \"A vacation?\" he exclaimed, \"That's not a bad idea!\" The other henchrats grin with excitement, then Spike went to Whitey and gave him a high five. \"That was a good idea Spike,\" said Whitey \"We really could use a vacation.\" \"I know!\" exclaimed Spike \"That's because 'genius' is my middle name!\" \"But I thought it was Leslie\" Whitey interrupted while the other henchrats chuckled when they heard Spike's middle name. The Toad took out his clothes and put them in his suitcase. Spike approach to him and helped him carry his suitcase and brought it down to the boat. \"The sooner I leave, the sooner I can get away from this wretched place,\" said the Toad and jumped down in his boat then Spike jumped down next. \"What do you think you're doing?\" asked the Toad \"We're going on vacation boss,\" said Spike \"Who said you can go?\" shouted the Toad \"Besides, I have a job for you boys.\" The Toad grabbed Spike's necktie and raised him up. \"Now listen, I want you to take care of my tadpoles until I get back\" said the Toad then he turned to his tadpoles above the building and waved goodbye to them. \"Don't worry little men,\" shouted the Toad \"daddy will be back before you know it! Uncle Spike will be taking care of you!\" The tadpoles tried to swam to their father but they are trapped inside a jar, so they wave goodbye and shouted instead. \"Goodbye dad!\" \"Bye-bye daddy!\" \"Be back soon dad!\" \"Bring us back a puppy dad!\" Then the Toad let his tongue out and grabbed Spike and threw him up in the air about to fall in the jar of tadpoles. \"Keep your legs straight Spike!\" shouted Whitey Spike flew up in the air and listening to Whitey's advice, he kept his legs straight and hit the water then floats up. Spike was scared but he pretended he wasn't to show that he's brave. \"Hah! You see that!\" he exclaimed, \"No one scares Spi….\" Interrupting Spike's speech, a tadpole bite his bottom and screamed like a girl. \"Yaaaaaaa…!\" Hahaha! I love it when Spike screams! Sorry that it's a short chapter but don't worry, I'll improve eventually... Chapter 2 will be up soon![Chapter 2] gasp Chapter 2! I can't believe it! I made chapter 2!!! Yaaay! So far so good! ENJOY! Don't forget to leave me a review! Again, I don't own Flushed Away! It's owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman Chapter 2: The Perfect Gift In another part of the sewers, Spike is not the only one who screams in pain. \"…..Ooooow!\" cried Roddy, \"Ow, ow, it really hurts!\" Roddy's bottom was covered with cactus thorns and Rita tries to pull them out using tweezers that she found on her boat, the Jammy Dodger II. The boat was parked beside the pile of garbage that where flushed down the toilet, or just drop down in the street vents by careless people from the surface of London. But you've heard of the famous line: \"One man's trash, is another rat's treasure.\" \"Keep still Roddy,\" said Rita as she pulls out a thorn and it made Roddy shouted in pain. \"That'll teach you to look before you sit.\" \"If I knew it wasn't a toy I wouldn't sit on it,\" said Roddy \"besides, what kind of person would flushed down a cactus?\" \"The same one who would be stupid enough to sit on a cactus.\" \"Ha ha, very funny Rita.\" Rita chuckled and pulled out the last thorn and it gave Roddy a painful shout that almost made him cry. \"There, that's the last one\" said Rita \"Well now, how are you feeling?\" \"The pain still stings but I'm alright, \" said Roddy as he wiped the tear on his eye \"Oh, don't tell me you're crying\" \"No I'm not!\" exclaimed Roddy \"Right\" said Rita sarcastically \"Well, I better get back to the pile to find more stuff\" Rita jumped to the pile of junk. She picked up some colored broken glass and puts them in a leather sack. \"This would make a great lamp if I find more of these\" said Rita \"what do you think Roddy\" \"Very nice but Rita, why do you have to go through all this?\" asked Roddy \"I mean, the ruby that I gave you is enough to take care of your family, but why do need to--\" \"Collect rubbish and sell them for money?\" said Rita \"Well, it's my job after all.\" \"But with the money that you have now, you could travel to other places. You could be relaxing in a spa right now than collecting rubbish.\" \"Well it's true that ruby of yours made us filthy rich, but that won't last forever you know.\" Roddy thought about it, he remembered before when he first met Rita. She has to struggle by keeping the ruby away from the Toad from stealing it just to support her family. She almost got iced from the liquid nitrogen and a collection of the Toad. Luckily, he was there when it happened. If it weren't for Roddy, Rita would still be frozen right now. On the other hand, Rita would never be caught by the henchrats if Roddy wasn't there, I mean, it was Roddy's fault in the first place, but that's not the point. In the end the ruby turned out to be a fake. Thanks to Roddy, he gave her a genuine ruby in return of taking him back home to Kensington, plus an emerald to build a Jammy Dodger II. \"It, it must be hard to be poor,\" said Roddy turning his grin into frown and feeling pitiful towards Rita \"I'm sorry you had to go through all that before\" Rita jumped back at the boat and placed her hand on Roddy's shoulder. \"It's okay Roddy,\" said Rita \"It wasn't a big deal for me anyway, I'm just glad my family is living a good life because of you.\" Roddy smiled at Rita after hearing what she had to say to him. Rita smiled back at him. She jumped back at the pile and searches for more of the glass that she found before. Roddy suddenly saw something that caught his attention. He took a close look at it. It is somewhat a little shiny, and sort of white gold. Suddenly, a light from the street vent hit the trinket then Roddy began to hear singing angels and his eyes grew bigger and thought it was sign to take it. But when he looks up, it was slugs that did the beautiful singing. They stop when Roddy saw them. He tried to reach for it but it was too far. He took a human size plastic spoon and scoops it out. He took it out while Rita was not looking. He went below deck and took out a metal polisher and a cloth. He first wipe off the dirt with his hands and pour out a little metal polisher on the cloth and polishes the trinket and it began to show its sheen. He again puts a little metal polisher on the cloth and polishes it again. After that, the trinket looks brand new. It's a doll-size necklace with a heart-shaped locket hanging on the chain. The necklace was beautiful from the chain to the locket it was pure white gold. He tried opening the locket but nothing was inside, he was a little disappointed though. Suddenly, Roddy heard Rita calling for him. \"Roddy! Where are you?\" He kept the necklace in his pocket and went above deck. \"Right here captain!\" said Roddy and salutes to Rita \"Alright first-mate\" said Rita \"prepare for departure, raise the anchor we're going home.\" \"Aye-aye captain\" said Roddy and brings out the anchor out of the water. Rita then starts the engine and drives the boat back to Ratropolis, while Roddy sat down and relax. Then he place his hand on his pocket where the necklace is and thought that it would be the perfect gift to give to Rita. But he doesn't know when to give it to her. \"Oh well, this will have to wait\" sighed Roddy \"What did you say Roddy?\" asked Rita \"Oh nothing,\" said Roddy \"I was just talking to myself. Rita turns back to the wheel and continues to drive. Roddy lays down and began to doze off. The slugs beside him sang a lullaby to help him sleep. \"Lullaby, and goodnight, Lalalalalalala Lullaby, and goodnight, Lalalalalalala Sweet dreams, Roddy St. James, Lalalalalalala Woooohooo hooo hooo, Lalalalalalalala\" Then finally, Roddy fell asleep. Zzzzz...Huhn? Oh! Sorry, the slugs' song made me fall asleep. Don't forget to leave me a review okay? Thanks...Zzzz[Chapter 3] Finally I made chapter3! Again, Flushed Away is owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman Chapter 3: Babysitting In the Floodgate control, all is quite as if it was abandon, until now. Ever since the Toad left a few hours ago and leaving Spike, Whitey and the other henchrats to baby-sit his little tadpoles, there have been a lot of screaming, crying, and whining. But I'm not talking about the tadpoles. Spike goes to the kitchen to get the fish food in the cupboard. It was too high for Spike so he took a ladder and climbs up to get it, while Whitey holds it steady to keep its balance. Spike reaches out for it and grabs the can with his two hands, but then one of the henchrats with a thimble on his nose calls out for Whitey. \"Hey Whitey\" said Thimblenose Ted \"Fat Barry got stuck in the jar again, give us a hand would ya?\" \"Sure Ted\" Whitey then lets go of the ladder and leaving Spike out of balance. \"Whitey!\" cried Spike and falls down on the floor and the can drop on his head. Whitey has completely forgotten about Spike. He went to Spike after he cries out for him. \"Sorry Spike\" said Whitey lifting him up and wipes off the dust on Spike's coat and hair. Spike doesn't like to be treated like a little kid so he slaps Whitey's hands steps away from him. Whitey then went to Thimblenose Ted to help out Fat Barry, while Spike carries the can and approaches the jar with the tadpoles in it. He climbs up using a riser beside the jar and takes out the pellet fish food from the can and stretches out his hand above the jar. \"Alright lads!\" he shouted \"dinner time!\" The tadpoles saw the fish food with excitement that they all jumped out of the water to chomp the pellet at the same time. But they ended up biting Spike's hand. \"Ow!\" he cried while holding in the pain and trying not to scream like before. Then Ladykiller, a rat who wears a pair of sunglasses out of negative of a photograph and a matchstick on his mouth, approaches Spike with a cellular phone. \"Oi Spike\" said Ladykiller \"the boss is calling for you\" The tadpoles let go of Spike's hand and went back down in the jar. Spike is still in pain after the tadpoles bit him. He took the phone from Ladykiller and talked to the Toad. \"Oh, hi boss\" said the twitchy rat \"How, how's your vacation?\" \"Oh everything is exquisite,\" said the Toad \"they have the best flies here, but enough about that, how's my little men? It's almost their bedtime.\" \"Y-yes boss,\" said Spike, he hasn't finish feeding the tadpoles yet so he lied to the Toad and got Whitey involve in it \"Whitey was about to sing them a lullaby\" Spike then turns to Whitey \"Right Whitey?\" shouted Spike. Whitey was with the tadpoles feeding them wearing a pink apron with a white heart design, that matches his mittens, in the middle of it. After that he went to Spike. \"What is it Spike?\" asked Whitey \"I just told the boss that you were going to sing the tadpoles a lullaby, right Whitey?\" said Spike as he lied to the Toad. Spike gave Whitey a twitchy wink to play along. \"Oh! I see\" Whitey gets the point. He went to the tadpoles and began to sing them a lullaby. \"Hush little tadpoles don't say a word, daddy's gonna buy you a--\" \"A puppy?\" the tadpole interrupted Whitey, but Whitey agreed to the tadpole. \"A puppy named Rover\" sang Whitey and the tadpoles were overjoyed with excitement that they couldn't sleep. \"I shouldn't have let rodents to do an amphibian's job,\" sighed the Toad, \"Anyway, I have another job for you boys.\" \"What is it boss?\" asked Spike \"Go to my room and you'll find a box beside my chair,\" said the Toad \"open it and distribute them to every house in the city.\" Spike did as the Toad told him to do and opened the box. It was a pile of posters and they were written: 'Free Cheese, come to the square to taste the greatest cheese ever'. Then Spike turn to the phone. \"Don't forget to write '3 days' on it\" said the Toad \"You can count on us boss!\" shouted Spike with determination then the Toad ended the call. Then Spike called out for Ladykiller and Fat Barry to help rewrite the posters. They took out three feathers and ink for them to write. After few hours of rewriting thousand of posters, they piled up the posters and put them inside the box. Spike brought the box and went to Whitey. \"Come on Whitey,\" said Spike \"the boss has another job for us.\" Whitey then help Spike carried the box and went downstairs of the building. Spike then notices what Whitey is wearing that annoyed him. \"Whitey! Take that off!\" said Spike \"Hit men don't wear mittens and apron\" \"But it makes me more motherly\" said Whitey \"I don't care, just take 'em off.\" Whitey took the apron and the mittens off and put them aside. They jump on the Ratmobile, it's a remote control boat that they use before but they fixed the hole that causes it to sink. Then the rat with a thimble on his nose approaches to them. \"Hey Spike\" he said \"What about the tadpoles?\" \"Take care of them while were gone,\" said Spike \"we won't be long\" \"And don't forget to sing them a lullaby\" added Whitey Thimblenose Ted unties the rope from the boat and Whitey hit the controls to start the boat. He then pushes the forward button and it took off like lightning. Spike kept the box secure by holding it around his arms and on their way to the city to deliver the posters that night.[Chapter 4] Yaaay! Chapter 4! Enjoy! Bonus: A little pic that I drew for this chapter, check my profile. Again, Flushed Away is owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman. Chapter 4: Surprise! \"Roddy\" Rita approaches the sleeping rat and taps his shoulder to wake him up. \"Roddy wake up we're almost home.\" Roddy heard Rita's voice but ignores it. He felt his head was heavy and his eyes were still close. \"Ri, five more minutes\" he groaned and turns to the other side and fell asleep again. Rita was not happy about this. She crossed her arms in front of her chest and raised her one eyebrow, \"He's such a baby\" she sighed. She couldn't just leave her first-mate sleeping all alone in the boat. Then she had an idea, she went at the edge of the boat and scooped her hand with water and splashed it at Roddy. It gave him quite a shock. \"Ah! No please! I can't swim!\" shouted Roddy. He immediately woke up waving around his arms like an amateur swimmer swimming for his life. His face was wet by the cold water and soon realizes it was only one of Rita's tricks. Rita laughed when she saw Roddy's silly reaction. \"Rita, don't scare me like that.\" Roddy panted and he put his hand on his left chest and felt his heart pounding fast. \"Sorry Roddy\" said Rita \"anyway you can sleep as long as you want when we get home.\" Rita goes back to the wheel and steers the boat, Roddy stretches out his arms and then he put his one hand in front of his mouth and yawns. He then rubbed his eyes and goes below deck. \"Oh, Roddy while you're down there,\" called Rita \"could you bring out the stuff that I pick up a while ago, they're in the bag.\" \"Aye-aye captain\" said Roddy but his eyelids grew heavy and he was not paying attention to where he was going, so he tripped on the stairs and flies down the deck. Rita laughed a little, \"Maybe I should have let him sleep a little longer\" she thought and continues driving. Roddy then realizes his face was on the floor, he got up and wiped the dust off his shirt. He didn't know what he was doing at first, but when he saw the bag, he remembered what Rita said to him. He took the bag, inside was a pile of colourful glass. He carefully carried it so he won't get any cuts. Then suddenly he remembers the necklace that he picked up a while ago, he put down the bag and reach into his pocket and took out the necklace. He gazes at it for a while and opens the locket once again, and still nothing was inside. \"I couldn't give this to Rita if there's nothing in it\" he thought \"I know, I'll put a letter in it\". He ripped out a paper from a little notepad that was lying around the deck and found a bird's feather and an ink for him to write. He wrote the words that came from his mind; he did it very quickly so that Rita wouldn't be suspicious because he wanted the gift to be a surprise. After writing, he folded the paper and put it inside the locket. It fits perfectly, he closed the locket and wrapped it with a gift wrapper that he found lying around. He wrapped it beautifully and put it in his pocket. \"Now the question is, when will I give it to her?\" he thought and carefully picked up the bag and went above deck. He then approaches to Rita and shows her the bag. \"Great job first-mate\" praised Rita \"just don't go wandering off sleeping again okay?\" Rita trying to tease him and smiled, Roddy smiled back then put the bag beside Rita. \"Roddy,\" Rita's smile turned to frown and didn't look at Roddy. She continues to look at the water and drives. \"What is it?\" asked Roddy, he was concerned when he saw her frowning. He wrapped his arm around her trying to comfort her. \"Cheer up, Dr. Roddy St. James is here to help\" said Roddy trying to cheer her up. But it didn't give her a smile. Not even a little. Her hands were on the wheel and still looking at the water in front of the boat. \"I don't know if I should tell you this but I\" she pauses and takes a deep breath and looks down the steering wheel. She thought that it wasn't the right time to say it and not for long, her frown turned up-side down and looks at Roddy. \"Never mind, you'll find out soon enough\" said Rita with a cheerful tone. Roddy was confused. He wanted to know what's bothering her but after hearing the cheerful tone, he had no choice but to smile at her and wait to see what happens. He trusts her after all. Not for long they arrived at Rita's house. The new house is big as the old one, but it's not a houseboat. The foundation was on the cement and it's much more stable than the old rocking house. It was painted white and the design looks simple yet elegant. It's the perfect house for a huge a family like Rita's. Rita then parked the boat and carried the bag, while Roddy drops the anchor and ties down the boat. Both of them went in the house, for some reason something is not right. Right about now, Rita's younger siblings would gather around Rita and Roddy and greet them, and Rita's grandmother would hug Roddy and shouts 'Tom Jones!' But the room was completely dark and silent. \"Hello?\" called Rita and searches for the light switch. \"Hello, anyone?\" Roddy calls out for them, too but no one responded. Rita then felt a switch bulging out of the wall. She pressed it and the room was lit. Then suddenly, Rita's younger siblings jumped out behind the couch. Others jumped out from the cabinet and some hid under the pillows and behind the plants. Fergus, Rita's biggest brother, was obviously easy to spot, he hid behind the flower pot and in it popped out Liam, also Rita's brother who first suspect Roddy before was Millicent Bystander the international jewel thief. \"HAPPY BIRTHDAY RITA!\" They all shout and they gather around her to give her a big hug and a kiss on the cheek. \"Birthday?\" Roddy was surprise, he didn't believe it at first but after seeing Rita's younger siblings greeted her, he was confused why she didn't tell him. Then an old energetic rat with curlers on her hair wearing a pink dress and slippers rush towards Roddy and hugged him, \"Tom Jones!\" she shouted choking Roddy by her strong arms. Rita's mum and dad, who is still covered with casts from neck to toe and sits on a wheel chair, went to Rita to give her a hug \"Happy birthday Rita\" both of them greet her and gave her another hug. \"Thanks mum, thanks dad\" said Rita as she put her arms around them. \"I don't mean to be rude\" Roddy interrupting the moment \"but Rita, why didn't you tell me it's your birthday?\" \"Rita, how could you?\" Rita's mum lets go of her and was shocked after hearing what Roddy said. \"Well, you see it's because--\" Rita tries to explain to her mum but her dad interrupted her \"Well now, you can explain this matter during dinner,\" he said \"at least now Roddy knows it's your birthday\" he then gave Roddy a pat in the back \"Right, lad?\" Roddy just gave him a sheepish grin, he then look at Rita, but he wasn't angry, he was just wondering why Rita didn't tell him her special day. Rita looked away from Roddy though. \"Look at you two, you're a mess\" said Rita's mother. Rita's face was covered with dirt, the same with her green shirt, her union pants were slightly thorn, and her shoes are covered with mud. Roddy was covered with dirt, too. The dirt stained his white folded long-sleeved shirt, same with his black pants and shoes. \"You two better cleaned up before dinner\" said Rita's mother and takes them to the stairs. \"I lay down some clothes for you Rita so you better wear them for dinner\" she said \"and yours too Roddy\" she faces Roddy. Both of them went upstairs to their room. Rita's room was on the left side while Roody's room was on the right. They haven't said a word when they went up until they went in to their rooms. Few minutes later, Roddy went downstairs to find Rita, but she wasn't there. Roddy is wearing his tuxedo, the same one when he went to the sewers. It looks brand new thanks to the sewing skills of Rita's mother. His shoes were shined and his hair was neatly combed. Roddy sat down on the couch in the living room to wait for Rita. The little rats played tug of war using a rope, and others are playing tag. Fergus skates around the room as always, while Rita's sisters were beside Roddy admiring him, especially their grandma. Then suddenly, Roddy heard Rita and her mother talking from the next room. \"Mum are you sure these are my clothes?\" said Rita \"Of course, it's your birthday gift from us\" said her mother \"But mum\" \"You look beautiful\" Rita went in the living room to find Roddy. Her siblings pause when they saw Rita. The children stopped playing and stared at her, even Fergus stopped skating around the room. Roddy was speechless as if she took his breath away. He stared at her beauty like the other children. Roddy and Rita's siblings had never seen her in a dress until now. She was wearing a green dress, it's a simple design yet it suits her. Her hair was neatly combed and a green ribbon tied it down. Rita then was surprise to see them speechless. Rita puts her hand on her waist and raises one of her eyebrows. \"What's wrong? It's like all of you have seen a ghost\" she said with a smile. Then Roddy slowly approaches to her and holds her hand. \"No, I see an angel that came down from heaven.\" said Roddy as he smiled and continues to hold Rita's hand. Rita's cheeks turned red and her smile grew wider and stares at Roddy's charming face. \"Aww!\" Rita's sisters love romantic scenes. \"Eew!\" on the other hand the boys didn't like it.[Chapter 5] Taa-daa! I finally finished chapter 5! Okay, there might be a little romance in this chapter (Obvious enough...\"Dinner for two\"...sweet!) To tell you the truth, I'm no good when it comes to romance, lol! Anyway, enjoy the story folks! Again, Flushed Away is owned by (c)Dreamworks and (c)Aardman...obviously Chapter 5: Dinner for two[Chapter 6] Finally! I finished chapter 6! Well...read it and see what happens. ;-) Bonus: Another new pic in my profile! But please read the story beore seeing it, okay? Once again, I don't own FA, it's owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman Chapter 6: The Unexpected After dinner, Rita and Roddy took the tableware and washed them in the sink. Roddy washes the plates with soap and rinses them with water, while Rita dries them with a cloth. Mrs. Malone went in the kitchen, supposedly to wash the tableware. \"Well now,\" said Mrs. Malone as she approached to them \"nobody told you to wash the dishes.\" \"Mum, it's okay\" said Rita whipping the plate with a cloth and turned to her \"you can go to bed if you want, we'll take it from here.\" Then her mother noticed a trinket around her neck when she turned to her. Mrs. Malone approached to Rita and holds the locket that she's wearing. \"My, this is beautiful\" said Mrs. Malone as she admires the shiny trinket \"where did you get this Rita?\" she asked \"It's a gift from Roddy.\" Rita said. Mrs. Malone turned to Roddy and smiled at him. \"Well, you sure know how to make a woman happy\" she said to Roddy and he sheepishly smiled \"so tell me, does Rita look lovely in a dress?\" she whispered and the cheek on Roddy's face began to turn red and sheepishly smiled. \"I heard that mum\" said Rita with a warning tone. \"Alright, I'll leave you two alone.\" Mrs. Malone winked at Roddy then leaves the kitchen. Rita rolled her eyes and put the plates in the cupboard. \"Now that we're done, let's go to bed\" she gave him a pat on the shoulder and Roddy's mind came back to reality. The both of them went to the staircase to their room. Rita took one step then realized that she had forgotten something. \"You go ahead Roddy, I need to get something at the Dodger.\" she said. \"Okay, goodnight.\" Roddy let out a tired yawn and went up the stairs. Rita went through the living room and out the front door. She found the Jammy Dodger II parked near the pier, floating on the sewer waters. She jumped in the boat and went below the deck in the engine room. She took out a box and climbed on it. She reached out her hand above the shelf and grabbed a bottle of glue. \"I can't make a lamp without this, can I?\" she thought and remembers that she needs to make a lamp out of broken glasses that she picked up a while ago, and sells it when it's done. She then jumps off the box and went above deck. She went to the edge of the boat about to jump to the pier, but what made her stop when she looked down the water. She stopped for a while and looked at her reflection. She then remembered what Roddy had said to her \"...an angel that came down from heaven.\" \"A walking celery is more like it\" she hissed at the reflection. She didn't believe what Roddy had said to her a while ago, she would normally say something to defend herself against those kinds of words from a man, but instead she smiled and blushed at him. Rita felt something she didn't felt before in her whole life. When she's alone with Roddy, that feeling came to her but she hides it from him perfectly well. But during dinner, she opens up to Roddy, she never opens up to anybody except her mum and dad. \"Of all rats, why does it have to be him?\" she thought. She then looked at the locket on her chest, when she looked at it she couldn't helped thinking the image of Roddy in her head. She held the locket and noticed a piece of paper slightly sticking out of the trinket. She was about to open it but the sound of running footsteps from the tunnels made her stop. The sound was louder and the shadow grew bigger by the second. She was prepared to attack, but she had second thoughts when she saw the shadow's figure. It was round and fat, and the only rat she knew that has that kind of figure is... \"Sid?\" she called out \"Rita?\" the voice responded and ran towards her. \"Rita! I'm glad I found you.\" he panted and stopped in front of her. \"I can't believe you're here,\" said Rita surprisingly \"how did you get back?\" \"No time to explain, come!\" Sid grabbed her arm and pulled her as he ran, Rita followed. Sid took her through the tunnels, not for long they found an unconscious female mouse lying against the wall. \"Blimey! What happened?\" exclaimed Rita \"She's been like that since we got here,\" said Sid \"could we stay in your place for a while until she wakes up?\" \"Sure Sid\" Rita took the arm of the mouse and wrapped it around on her shoulders. Sid did the same thing on the other side and carried the mouse to the house. \"Why did you decide to come back?\" asked Rita curiously \"Well, I didn't exactly decide to come back down here.\" said Sid \"And you know this girl?\" Rita's curiosity grew \"Not exactly. By the way, is Rodders with ya?\" \"Yeah, why?\" \"Great! I kinda miss the little ball of fluff\" chuckled Sid. Rita knew Sid was hiding something. The way he answered her questions, he was definitely hiding something. When she first glanced at the female mouse, she was a complete stranger to her. She had never seen her from around the sewers; she's different from the other sewer rats. Apart from that, Sid knows her. Rita had no other choice but to wait until she wakes up, and hopefully finds the truth. \"By the way Rita you look lovely in that dress\" said Sid \"Shut up and keep walking Sid\" said Rita with a warning tone trying to change the subject \"You never change do ya Rita?\" chuckled Sid \"I'll take that as a compliment.\" she said sarcastically, but what Sid had said to her, it was partly not true. Morning... Rita was dressed in her casual clothes, a green shirt, a pair of British designed pants with a black shoe lace as her belt, and she wore the necklace that Roddy gave to her. She went in the living room to find her mother and her younger siblings gathering next to Sid and the mouse, lying on the couch. \"Is she awake?\" asked Rita \"Not yet\" said Sid standing next to the unconscious mouse. \"She'll wake up soon, just give her time to rest\" said Mrs. Malone and went to the kitchen. Jojo, one of Rita's brother, approached Sid. \"Who is she Sid?\" asked Jojo \"She's just a friend\" replied Sid \"Your girlfriend?\" asked Jojo with a curious look on his face. Sid was shocked then he chuckled a little after hearing what Jojo had said \"No\" \"Your wife?\" added Jojo \"Okay, that's enough lad\" Sid pushes the little rat out from the crowd, preventing him from asking anymore questions. Roddy went downstairs, dressed in his blue pajamas, and finds Rita and her siblings in the living room. \"Morning everyone!\" he greeted and yawned at the same time, he approaches to them \"what's going on?\" as Roddy went closer, he stopped when he saw a mouse lying on their couch. Rita looked at him, his jaws were opened and he looked surprised. \"Roddy?\" said Rita trying to nudge him to come back to reality \"Duchess\" said Roddy in panic \"Duchess?\" asked Rita \"Roddy!\" shouted Sid \"Sid?\" said Roddy surprisingly \"Come here you little ball of fluff!\" Sid went towards and wrapped his arm around Roddy's neck and messed up his hair with his hands. \"Did ya miss me Rodders?\" Roddy struggled and broke free from Sid's silly game. \"H-How, how did she get down here?\" asked Roddy \"And how did you get down here?\" he turned to Sid and said it loudly. Loud enough to wake the sleeping mouse. Her eyes began to open, and she moved a little. Roddy quickly flee in panic from the mouse, then he saw a flower pot that Liam has been using as his secret hideout. He hid in the flower pot, but Liam was inside. Soon both of them were fighting over it. The female mouse sat up and rubbed her sore head, her eyes were half open, she then looks at Rita. \"Where am I?\" asked the female mouse \"Your in my house\" replied Rita and gave her a helping hand \"My name's--\" \"Yeah, yeah, don't know, don't care\" she said rudely and pushed away Rita's hand. She stood up and got off the couch and glares at Sid. \"Now, where's Roddy?\" then she heard a struggle at the corner of the room. She saw two rats fighting over a flower pot. The rat with a black-shirt won the fight and hides in the pot, while Roddy tumbled when Liam pushes him. \"Roddy, darling!\" the mouse ran towards him and hugged him. Roddy felt awkward when she hugged him. \"Oh heaven help me\" he cried to himself. \"She knows Roddy?\" Rita asked Sid. She was surprised and furious at the same time. \"Yeah, well you see\" replied Sid nervously \"she's, uh, she's--\" \"Duchess is my name\" said the female mouse finishing Sid's sentence and let's go of Roddy, she turned to Rita and crossed her arms in front of her chest. \"And yeah I know Roddy, he's my boyfriend after all.\" \"Boyfriend?\" shouted Rita. Roddy makes a gesture to Rita. He showed her the \"she's crazy\" sign behind Duchess. \"Yes, boyfriend\" Duchess said boldly \"did the sewer water blocked your ears?\" she taunted Rita. Roddy continues the \"she's crazy\" gesture, when Duchess looked back, he immediately stop and put both of his hands behind his back and whistled. \"What are you doing around these parts anyway, princess?\" said Rita taunting back. \"It's Duchess darling, and I came here for Roddy\" Duchess took Roddy's arm and pulled him towards the door, but Rita blocked her way. \"Do you mind?\" shouted Duchess \"Is there a problem?\" said Rita standing in front of the door \"Yes, you're blocking our way\" \"And where do you think you're going?\" \"Back to Kensington of course\" \"And how do you propose to do that?\" Duchess paused and scowled at Rita. It's true that Duchess doesn't know what to do next, what's worst she doesn't know her way around the sewers. But then she has Roddy. \"Then my darling Roddy here will get us back\" said Duchess \"But you need a boat\" said Rita wearing a victorious smile. Duchess paused again still wearing a scowl on her face. \"Breakfast is ready!\" a voice called out from the kitchen and the children ran towards the other room. \"Breakfast! I'm starving!\" Sid ran to the kitchen along with the children. \"Uh I'm hungry, too so I'll be going now.\" Roddy sheepishly smiled and followed Sid. Rita and Duchess scowled at each other for a while, not for long, Rita went ahead towards the kitchen. \"Hey\" called Duchess and caught Rita's attention. \"What?\" said Rita and turned to Duchess \"What's your relationship with my Roddy?\" \"Nothing. He's just my first-mate\" \"Let's just get one thing straight here. Roddy is a pet mouse, and you are sewer rat.\" \"And what does that mean?\" said Rita. Duchess went towards Rita and whispered on her ear. \"If you're smitten on him, you don't have a chance\" \"Who says I'm smitten on him\" Rita whispered back \"If you are, I'll make sure you regret it, okay?\" said Duchess with a warning tone and went inside the kitchen. Rita just stood and thought about what Duchess had said to her. She then shook her head and ignored it. \"Roddy's right, she is a loony.\" she thought and went in the kitchen. Hahaha, it's a new character! I owned Duchess okay:D If you want to know the story behind her, well you have to wait for a couple of days, lol![Chapter 7] Good news: I bring you chapter 7! Yaaay! -claps hands- Bad news: School is near, and I don't know if how long I'll be able to finish the story, Waaaah!!! But don't worry, I'll try to finish it, and I hope you'll enjoy this chapter. More chapters to come soon! Flushed away is owned by (c)Dreamworks and (c)Aardman Okay! Ready...set...READ!!! Chapter 7: It's a Deal All is noisy and crowded at the kitchen in the Malone residence. The hungry children all gathered around the table and ate their hot porridge, especially hungry Sid who ate a lot and asked for seconds. There were a lot of commotion in the kitchen, but the highlight of it is the conversation of their guest. \"...so when Sid told me that Roddy went to the sewers, I came here to find him along with Sid so he could help me...\" Duchess' story got the attention of the whole family, though they find her interesting, Rita was annoyed by Duchess' innocent actions towards her family. While Roddy, who sat between them, felt uneasy. \"Oh Roddy darling, you haven't eaten your porridge, here let me help you\" Duchess took a spoonful of porridge and brought it towards Roddy's mouth \"here comes the train\" she sang like a parent trying to feed her child. \"No, no that's okay--\" Roddy almost choked when Duchess shoved the spoon into his mouth. \"So Duchess,\" interrupted Mrs. Malone \"you're saying you came here for Roddy, right?\" \"Why yes,\" said Duchess with an innocent look on her face \"but we need to get back home soon\" \"You're a lucky girl,\" said Mr. Malone \"we have a boat that will get you back Up Top\" he paused for a while, one of Rita's brother fed him a porridge and gulped it, he then continued. \"My daughter Rita here will be happy to help you\" \"What?\" exclaimed Rita and Duchess at the same time \"Is there a problem girls?\" asked Mr. Malone \"Oh no, I was just thrilled\" lied Duchess \"what a surprise!\" she added. In fact, she didn't want to ask Rita for help, she hates her after all. But it's her only choice to get her and Roddy home. \"Oh yes, what a surprise!\" said Rita sarcastically. She obviously didn't like Duchess, too. \"Eventhough she's a pain in the neck, I can't leave her here wandering in the sewers. But the sooner she gets back Up Top, the better.\" she grinned when she thought about it, but when she glanced at Roddy her grin disappeared. \"But that means Roddy will go, too. But he wouldn't, would he?\" she thought and ate her porridge. --------------------------------------- After breakfast, Rita and Sid went to the attic to get the maps and the other equipment to prepare for their journey, while Roddy and Duchess waited outside the house for them. \"This is great news darling, we're going home!\" said Duchess excitingly and hugged him. But Roddy didn't want to go back to his old home. He wanted to stay in the sewers with Rita's family. In fact, he can't stand her. Duchess is not actually Roddy's girlfriend. She just claimed that she is, but Roddy didn't have a chance to stand up to her, until now. \"Duchess\" said Roddy bravely \"I'm not going\" \"What?\" said Duchess surprisingly \"I'm not going.\" at frist Roddy was nervous standing up to her, but he felt better when he let it out. \"I want to stay here, and I'm not your boyfriend, it was just a playdate, Duchess. A one-day play date.\" \"Are you sure you want to live in this...this rubbish?\" asked Duchess \"You're crazy\" \"Yes, yes I am\" replied Roddy, Duchess thought about what Roddy had said, she didn't say anything for a while. \"Alright then\" said Duchess \"Really?\" Roddy's spirit lifted and was thankful when he heard the answer \"Right then, let's get you and Sid back home, I'll tell Rita and--\" \"No!\" interrupted Duchess \"I'll tell her\" But she lied to him. She has other plans to convince Roddy to go back with her, but she has to wait until Rita comes out of the house. Roddy went to the boat with joy but then he tripped on a board, but he got up eventually and jumped on the boat. Then Sid went out of the house carrying the equipment to the boat, followed by Rita carrying a map. \"Ah, great timing\" Duchess was still standing outside the house, when Rita passed by her, she blocked her way to get her attention. \"What now?\" asked Rita with an annoyed tone \"Listen, I'm sorry what I said earlier\" said Duchess, Rita was surprised when Duchess apologized to her. \"can we just forget about it, and maybe we should, start over?\" Duchess gave her an innocent look, yet Rita still didn't trust her. \"Look Duchess\" said Rita \"I know you hate me so don't pretend to be nice.\" \"I see where this is going, you don't trust me do you?\" \"Apparently, yes\" \"Well I don't trust you, too.\" \"Okay, let's start by sealing the deal.\" Rita spat on her hand and brought it out. \"What are you doing?\" said Duchess in disgust \"Sealing the deal\" \"So if I spit my hand that means you'll get me and Roddy back to Kensington?\" \"And never come back\" \"No turning back?\" \"We Malones never go back on our word.\" \"Fair enough\" Duchess spat on her hand and shook hands with Rita. Duchess was disgust by it which made Rita smiled a little. \"So that means you're giving up on him\" said Duchess with a sly look on her face. Rita ignored it and the both went to the boat. \"This is better than I expected, it's too perfect\" she thought and smiled menacingly. --------------------------------------- In the floodgate control tower, Spike and the Toad were having a conversation using a cellular phone. \"Did you finish the job?\" asked the Toad \"Yes boss\" said Spike and turned the phone towards the radio for the Toad to listen. \"Last night, posters were found on every house and shop in Ratropolis. The mysterious cheese caught the attention of everybody in the city, and hopefully we would meet the bringer of this myterious cheese in two days...\" \"Excellent!\" shouted the Toad with joy and laughed menacingly. Then a beep interrupted him. \"Hold on I've got another call\" he then transferred his call, it was Le Frog who called him. \" Bonjour , cousin\" said Le Frog \"Le Frog it's so nice of you to call me\" said the Toad \"I call you to tell you that my accomplice will be visitng today\" \"Excellent! Could this day get any better?\" said the Toad with joy. Then he heard a commotion going on over Le Frog's phone. \"What are you doing?\" \"Liberation of frogs!\" said Le Frog \"Did you know that frog legs is a French delicacy? It's madness I tell you, madness!\" then the sound of banging pots and pans got louder \"I have to go now, au revoir !\" Le Frog ended the call. The Toad transferred his call back to Spike's phone. \"Boss, there's someone here who wants to talk to you\" said Spike and hands over the phone to the French rat beside him. \" Bonjour \" said the French rat \"You must be Le Frog's accomplice\" said the Toad \"Call me Fromage and I came here to settle the deal\" \"Did you bring it?\" asked the Toad. The tall rat gave the cellular phone to Spike and reached into his pocket and took out a black bottle of rat poison. \"I hold in my hand, the key to your sucess\" said Fromage with pride \"Shiny\" said Whitey standing beside Spike \"It's not shiny, it's deadly\" scolded Fromage \"but it's not fatal\" \"How can it be deadly if it's not fatal?\" asked the Toad \"The deadly part is that they don't drink the antidote, I have here\" Fromage reached into his pocket again and took out a green bottle \"the not fatal part is they drink the antidote, which I doubt\" he then put back the bottle in his pocket. Curious, Spike wanted to touch the bottle of rat poison, but Fromage slapped his hand. \"but in exchange, you have to give me something worth my taking\" he then took out his magnifying glass, which served as binoculars, and looked out the window. He looked at every store and rat that strolled in the streets, but nothing interests him. He then saw a boat about to passed by the tower. It marked 'Jammy Dodger II' and spotted a female rat steering the boat. His attention was caught by the trinket she's wearing. \"It can't be\" he gasped, wiped the glass on his shirt and looked again \"but it is\". He took the phone from Spike and gave him the magnifying glass \"My amphibian friend, I have found what I have been looking for\" \"Where?\" asked Spike \"The one steering the boat\" said Fromage. Spike looked at the window using the magnifying glass and spotted Rita. \"Rita?\" said Spike \"You want that vermin?\" asked the Toad \"Aww, that's sweet\" said Whitey \"No you idiots, the one that she's wearing\" scolded Fromage \"Why would want it from her anyway?\" asked the Toad \"That necklace is the rarest and the most expensive Lady Victoria accessory, my friend\" said Fromage \"Lady Victoria? Who's she?\" asked the Toad \"Only the greatest doll ever, I have all of her accessories\" Fromage took his bag and opened it. It was full of gold and silver trinkets, others were covered with precious stones, and some were fake but they were beautifully designed. \"Shiny\" said Whitey \"Yes my albino, pinked-eyed friend, shiny\" said Fromage, Whitey wanted to touch them but Fromage slapped his hand \"Nice to look, nice to touch, but once broken, it is considered sold\" he then closed the bag and put it aside. He then turned to the phone \"Anyway, I want that necklace if you want the poison\" demanded Fromage \"Very well\" said the Toad \"My boys will take care of everything\" \"You can count on us boss\" said Spike, the Toad ended the call. \"What are you waiting for? Vite! Vite! Allez-y! shouted Fromage \"Hey, hey you're not the boss of us\" shouted Spike \"How silly of me to forget\" said Fromage and grabbed a piece of strong wood and clenched it on his fist \"Fromage doesn't like waiting, and if Fromage doesn't like something, he gets angry\" his clench grew tighter, not for long, the strong wood snapped into two \"and you don't like it when I'm angry\" said Fromage with an intimidating tone and it made the both panic. Spike and Whitey quickly went down to call the other henchrats. When they were about to go to the door, Whitey quickly closed the door and it hit Spike and fainted. Whitey opened the door to look for his partner and found him lying on the floor. \"Sorry Spike\" he then grabbed him and closed the door, but Spike's leg was caught between the door and the doorpost. \"Sorry\" Whitey again apologize and carefully closed the door. Weee! Another new character, I owned Fromage, okay? Now that you have met my two characters I'll give you a short bio for them. Duchess - Nicole, Tabitha's cousin, owns this spoiled, pampered pet mouse. But she is not clumsy as Roddy, she's actually smart and resourceful as Rita, but despises sewer rats. She was once Roddy's playdate when Nicole came to visit Tabitha. She thinks that Roddy likes her, but he doesn't. So she claimed herself to be his girlfriend and will do anything to be with his side. Fortunately, Duchess lives far away from Roddy, but Nicole visits Tabitha every year. Poor, poor Roddy... Fromage - A poison dealer, doll accessory collector (his hobby), and Le Frog's accomplice and friend. Le Frog and Fromage used to be partners and they were the greatest spies ever, but a calling made Fromage become a poison dealer. They were a team again when the Toad gave Le Frog a mission to get rid of the rats in Ratropolis, and he needs Fromage's help. Fromage went off first to settle the deal with the Toad, while Le Frog is still in France liberating the frogs in a French restaurant. This tall, French rat can fight, and you don't want him to be angry, trust me...[Chapter 8] Finally! Fellow readers, I give you chapter 8! Don't forget to leave me a review after reading it, okay? I have to admit that I was in a hurry writing this fic (LOL. Schoolwork!) Yeah, I know every one of you hates Duchess. I'm sure you'll like her in this chapter (I doubt it, LOL) Flushed Away is owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman Chapter 8: Get 'em lads[Chapter 9] Sorry it took so long but I promise you guys I'll finish the whole story! So here's chapter 9! I'm half-way there! Enjoy! Flushed Away is owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman Chapter 9: Parked The crew of the Jammy Dodger II managed to escape the clutches of the Toad's henchrats. As they continued their journey, they almost reached the strong and fast rapids of Hyde Park. But before they reached there, they parked the boat and dropped the anchor. Rita went down the engine room to check how much fuel the boat lost after the escape. On the upper deck, Roddy, Sid and Duchess were waiting for her to announced the status of the Dodger. Not for long, Rita went out the engine room. \"Good news, the Dodger still has enough gas to keep her running\" said Rita as she tightens the rubber band on her ponytail, but then her smile disappeared \"bad news, the battery on the engine needs to be recharge before we keep moving and those clowns might come looking for us\" she closed the hatch and continues to speak \"but this would be a good time for us to rest for a while\" \"Great! Now if you'll excuse me\" Sid tossed himself on a dry sponge at the back of the deck and began to snore, Rita and Roddy chuckled. \"Poor guy, I didn't know he was that tired\" said Roddy, he then turned to Duchess, resting her head at the edge of the boat \"How are you doing there Duchess?\" asked Roddy \"I'll be fine, I just need some rest\" said Duchess in a drowsy voice. She sat down on another sponge and closed her eyes to rest, she started to feel better now that the boat was parked. \"What was that all about anyway? I mean, it's weird that they were after your necklace\" Roddy asked Rita \"Good question, and whatever they're planning to do with it, it's not going to be pretty\" replied Rita, holding the locket. \"I'll stay in the engine room to watch the battery, call me if you spot them again\" Rita was about to go down in the engine room, but she stopped when Roddy called her. \"Hey Rita, do you think I should, well you know...um...steer the Dodger?\" \"Oh, not this again. No!\" \"Why not? Incase you didn't know I help build the boat\" \"Yes. But as your captain, I say that you're not ready to steer the Dodger\" \"A wise thought coming from someone who almost crashed a fishing boat\" said Roddy, it made Rita snapped. She's the kind of rat who would never give up without a fight. There was a moment of silence. Then the argument starts. \"Don't you say that in front of my face!\" \"And why shouldn't I?\" \"Because I say so. So shut up!\" \"I might if you tell me why I can't steer. Aside the fact because you're the captain and you say so\" \"What is it with you and steering?\" \"Well I don't know. It's because I can't take it off my mind\" \"Is that all? Well, I have something that will take your mind off it!\" Rita grabbed a mop and a bucket of water and tossed them to Roddy \"Swab the deck! I want it spotless by the time I get back!\" \"Fine! Try not to bump into anything while you're down there!\" \"Fine!\" Rita slammed the hatch closed \"Fine!\" Roddy shouted back. He muttered as he clean the deck with a wet mop \"Who does she thinks she is? That, that tyrant. If she wants it spotless, then I'll make it spotless.\" he swabbed back and forth with great force by his anger. From afar, Duchess just witness their argument and with that, she thought of a nasty plot. ------------------------------------ \"That Roddy, he's so annoying\" muttered Rita, marching towards the engine and checked the battery \"Great, it's not ready yet\" said Rita in frustration, she sat down on a crate and thought about the argument she had with Roddy. The fact is that she didn't let Roddy steer the Dodger ever since it was newly built. She was just afraid that he might scratch the paint or break the side mirrors of the boat. But what she feared the most was losing it. It's easy to blame him because of his carelessness. But then she remembered that both of them worked together on building the boat, and it is unfair for Roddy not to steer it, eventhough he isn't a professional driver like Rita. \"Maybe I was too hard on him\" she said \"I better apologize\" ------------------------------------ \"Is she always this bossy?\" Duchess starts a conversation with Roddy \"Yeah, but I've gotten used to it\" said Roddy while swabing the deck \"Roderick St. James you are such a pushover\" hearing those words, Roddy stopped his work \"No I'm not\" he said, but he has to admit being bossed by Rita, and holding a mop makes him look like a slave \"well maybe a little\" \"You know you could be free from all this work if you change your mind and come back home with me\" she said \"I won't change my mind Duchess, besides, I can handle a little hardwork. Especially the ones coming from Rita\" \"That's what I'm worried about. She's pushing you too hard\" \"Anyone can swab the deck, it's not that hard\" \"Oh first she tells you to swab the deck. Then the next thing you'll know, she tells you to clean this whole boat from top to bottom. Scrapping every barnacle\" said Duchess \"Look Duchess\" said Roddy, behind him Rita's head popped out from the hatch and overheard Roddy's conversation with Duchess \"I know that Rita is bossy, short-tempered, unladylike, arrogant, ill-mannered at times, and not to mention very stubborn--\" before Roddy could finish his sentence, he was interrupted by Rita behind him. \"And to think I came up here to apologize\" barked Rita \"instead I find you making up words behind my back!\" she snarled and went back below deck. \"Rita I didn't mean that!\" but she ignore him and slammed the hatch. \"Ooh, bad timing there darling\" said Duchess. Roddy stood still and stared at the hatch. He felt bad making her angrier than before.Duchess placed her hand on his shoulder to comfort him \"Tell you what, I'll help you\" she said \"How?\" wondered Roddy \"She just needs a little girl-to-girl talk\" Duchess walked towards the hatch and went down below deck. She finds Rita kicking some crates and throwing stuff against the wall to let her anger out. \"He's an idiot! Idiot, idiot, idiot!\" shouted Rita \"You're a grouchy rat, aren't you?\" said Duchess \"What do you want?\" said Rita in annoyance \"If you want to barf, do it outside\" \"Humph, I just came down here to cheer you up. Honestly, Roddy could blurt out the first thing on his mind\" said Duchess \"Surprising for me to hear that\" said Rita \"but I know he isn't a backstabber\" she then glares at Duchess \"Oh really? I can recall him saying bossy, short-tempered, unladylike. Hey! You know what, it sounds just like you\" taunted Duchess. Rita clenched her fist and started to tremble as if she wanted to punch her. But then she decided to stop and calmed down. She turned her back on her not to show her anger. \"The battery is almost full, tell the boys that we're leaving soon\" said Rita \"I will\" Duchess grabbed a small tube of strong glue from the shelf while Rita wasn't looking and went towards the ladder \"and you better not forget our deal, rat. Come to think of it, aren't you glad we made that deal? Nice necklace by the way, we could have avoid all this if you gave it up. It's a shame you didn't\" \"Sorry, this necklace is too special for me\" said Rita \"Whatever\" she then climbed up the ladder and went up deck. Roddy plunged the mop into the bucket of water and swabbed the deck. Duchess got out from the engine room and went towards Roddy. \"How's Rita?\" asked Roddy \"She'll be fine\" said Duchess \"she told me that we're leaving soon so you better raise the anchor\" \"Don't sweat it mate, I'll do it\" said Sid who just woken up from his sleep an raised the anchor. Duchess slowly went backwards towards the wheel and spread the strong glue around it behind her back. She went back towards to Roddy. \"Oh darling! She also said that you have to get something for her\" said Duchess \"What is it?\" asked Roddy \"No idea, but it's somewhere near the wheel I think\" said Duchess. Roddy went towards to the front of the boat and searched for the item he's looking for, but he doesn't know what to look. When he glanced at the steering wheel beside him, his attention was caught. The more he looks at it, he more he's tempted to steer it. He knows that Rita told him not to steer the boat, but he couldn't resist. He placed his hands on the wheel and pretended to steer it just for fun. He only played with it for a short while, when he was about to let it go, his hands were attatched to the wheel. He pulled his hands to break free, but the glue was too strong. \"No, no, no, I'm stuck\" Roddy panicked as he continues to struggle, but he accidentally kicked the lever beside him and the boat started to move. \"Uh-oh\" \"Hey Roddy\" said Sid \"I thought Rita was suppose to steer the boat\" but Roddy didn't answer him. He was too busy pulling out his hands that were stuck to the wheel. Soon the boat started to move faster, then he soon realizes it was carried by the currents. Just as soon as the boat started to pick up speed, Rita burst out from the hatch. \"What's going on here?\" shouted Rita. She turned to the steering wheel and gasped when she saw Roddy holding it. \"Roddy! What do you think you're doing?\" she scolded. Rita rushed towards Roddy and pulled him out, but she couldn't \"Nobody told you to steer, and not to mention starting it. Now let go!\" \"I can't!\" cried Roddy \"Yes you can!\" \"No! I really can't!\" \"I was going to forgive you for insulting me, but now I don't know if I'll forgive you for this!\" Rita pulled him harder than before, but he was still stuck. \"Please Rita, let me explain!\" said Roddy \"Alright, let's hear it!\" demanded Rita \"Well you see, it's--\" \"The rapids!\" cried Sid intercepting Roddy's sentence \"No! That's not it Sid\" said Roddy \"No! Look!\" Sid pointed the rapids in front of the boat. They all gasped in fear now that the boat was caught by the strong currents. There were two ways, one was the way to Kensington, and the other, which the strong currents came from, was a dead end. \"This is no time for games Roddy. Let go!\" Rita kept pulling him, but it was no use. \"Here, let me help\" Sid rushed towards them and helped. Both of them pulled together, Roddy finally broke free and the trio tumbled back. Rita rushed back to the wheel and steered it. The boat was almost at the gate of the tunnel, so she has to act quickly. She opened a case above her and inside was an emergency button to give the Dodger full speed. \"Hang on tight!\" she shouted. All of them held on to the boat. Rita pushed the button, skis came out of both sides of the boat, and big fans popped out from behind. Then the boat goes on hyper speed. Luckily, the Dodger's speed was fast enough to escape the strong currents, everyone still held on the boat as it continues to move fast and went the other pathway. When they were far from the current, not for long, the boat started to slow down, and everyone jumped for joy. \"Yeah! We made it!\" shouted Sid as he gave Roddy and Duchess a bear hug. \"I'm starting to feel nauseous\" said Duchess sarcastically \"Come on Rita, there's room for one more\" said Roddy. But Rita didn't say a word, she was still steering the wheel. \"Rita?\" he called her again, but she didn't respond. Starting to get serious, Sid lets them go and backed away. \"Rita it wasn't my fault\" said Roddy \"it was the wheel and my hands were suddenly stuck to it and--\" Roddy suddenly stopped, realized that eventhough he has an excuse, he still didn't follow Rita's order not to steer the boat. Ignoring every word he gave to her, she gave him the cold shoulder. \"Rita, I'm so sorry. I know you'll find it hard to forgive me. I was a fool\" said Roddy, but Rita still didn't respond. Defeated, Roddy went behind the deck and sat down quietly on the sponge. He buried his face on his hands to hide his regretful face and sighed. \"I must have missed a lot, what happened to them anyway?\" Sid asked Duchess \"Nothing important\" said Duchess and smirked The boat continued to move with the waters, but no one said a single word during the whole trip. I'm sensing errors in my story... If you find one please let me know by leaving me a review. Yes, please do that, it brightens up my day! Thankies![Chapter 10] Yes, yes, I know all of you want to kill Duchess (badly) because of the last chapter. I'm not telling you what's next 'cause I don't wanna be a spoiler. You have to read this chapter instead. :-3 Flushed Away is owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman Chapter 10: Through the Tunnel In the floodgate control tower... \"They did what? You idiots!\" raged Fromage and split the desk in two by slamming it with his hand. Spike and Whitey were terrified by his intimidating tone and actions. They wanted to flee from him, but it will only make him more angry. \"I only ask you to steal a little trinket, is that too much to ask? Well, is it?\" Fromage's rage builds up, the both quivered as if Fromage was about to eat them. He was interrupted by Thimblenose Ted who just entered room. \"Excuse me\" said Thimblenose Ted \"What do you want? Can't you see we're in a middle of a conversation here?\" shouted Fromage \"Sorry. I just got a word that they went through the Hyde Park rapids\" immune to the French rat's intimidation, he said it calmly and straight. \"Hyde Park? But it's impossible to pass through the rapids\" said Spike \"But they did\" said Thimblenose Ted \"They did, huh?\" Fromage was deep in thought and a grin appeared on his face. \"My friends\" called Fromage and goes between Spike and Whitey to put his arms around their shoulders. \"I guess I underestimated our target. I have a plan, but for now\" he lets them go and opened his bag of jewels \"My little babies need their polish, yes you do, oh yes you do\" he began talking to his jewellery as if they are his children. \"Speaking of babies, we have to take care of the boss's\" muttered Whitey to Spike \"Do we have to?\" complained Spike, then he glanced at Fromage cuddling his prized possessions, which made Spike felt uneasy. \"Just back away Whitey, really slowly\" said Spike cautiously and the both went out of the room. ---------------------------- In the Jammy Dodger II, the sewer waters are quiet now that it's far from the rapids and they almost reached their destination point, Roddy's house in Kensington. But the crew of the boat were silent as the quiet sewer waters. Until a certain rat's stomach grumbled broke the silence. \"My tummy says it's lunch time\" said Sid \"Ugh, how long is this going take?\" complained Duchess \"I hate staying down here in this stinky place\" Getting the idea of having bad odour, Sid sniffed both of his armpits and shrugged. \"It's not me\" said Sid. Duchess rolled her eyes. \"It won't be long\" said Rita \"we just have to pass through that tunnel\" \"You mean that dark, damp tunnel up ahead of us?\" asked Duchess \"Yup\" nodded Rita \"You've got to be kidding me. Are we seriously going through there?\" \"Do you see any other way?\" asked Rita. Duchess was clearly scared of the dark, but she doesn't want to show her fear to anyone. So she has to think of an excuse. \"I suddenly feel peckish\" said Duchess \"where do you keep the food?\" \"Below the deck\" said Sid \"Oi Rita, I hope you don't mind us getting some grub\" \"I don't mind\" said Rita, both Duchess and Sid went down the engine room to eat. Roddy and Rita were both left alone. He sat down quietly from behind, and thinks of a way for Rita to forgive him. Now that both of them are alone, it might be his chance to end the fight between them. \"Hey Rita, have you heard the fly joke yet?\" said Roddy cheerfully, but Rita didn't reply \"No? Okay I'll tell you. Why did the kid blow up the house?\" he waited for her to answer, but she didn't \"because he wanted to see a housefly! Get it? House, fly\" but she didn't laugh, not even a chuckle. Even the slugs on the wall didn't laugh. \"I guess you've heard it before\" it was awkward for him, but he continued to speak \"Rita, I just don't want you to stay angry at me. I know I've said this before, so I'll say it again. I'm sorry, please forgive me\" Roddy sat down and turned his back staring at the water behind the boat, hoping his friend will talk to him again. As for Rita, the more she ignored him, the more it hurts inside. She couldn't help thinking if it was the right thing to do. Her conscience told her to forgive him, but she was too stubborn. Then a slug, riding on a lily pad beside the boat, began to hum and the other slugs nearby began to sing. (Song by Bryan Adams \"Please Forgive Me\") Please forgive me, I know not what I do Please forgive me, I can't stop lovin' you Don't deny me, this pain I'm going through Please forgive me, I need ya like I do Please believe me, every word I say is true Please forgive me... The song convinced Rita to forgive him. The slugs stopped singing as she pulled the brake and slows down the boat. She walked up behind the deck and stood in front of him. Roddy heard her footsteps and raised his head to her. \"Rita, I--\" \"I know what you're going to say so there's no need for you to say it\" said Rita intercepting his sentence \"and the answer is yes\" He was a bit confused at first, but she finally talked to him. Still, he wasn't sure if the fight has stopped. \"So, does this mean I'm forgiven?\" asked Roddy \"Just promise me you won't do it again\" she said \"Promise\" he said. Rita smiled and brought out her hand as a sign of truce. Roddy did the same thing and shook hands, he felt good now that he's free from his guilt. Then Rita pulled him out from his seat and led him towards the steering wheel. \"First-mate, today is your lucky day\" said Rita giving out a captain's tone \"You are now ready to steer the Jammy Dodger mark two\" \"You really mean it? I get to steer the boat?\" said Roddy who was surprised and amazed at the same time \"Who are you and what have you done to the captain?\" teased Roddy \"Hurry before I change my mind\" Rita teased back. Roddy was very excited about this. When his hands touched the wheel, he felt his adrenaline rushing into his body and wore a grin on his face. \"Now your first mission is to go through that tunnel, are you ready Rod?\" \"Ready as I'll ever be\" he said as he started the boat and steered the boat carefully. Rita was surprised he was actually doing well. He owned a car back at his old home, so it won't be a problem for him. It suddenly grew dark when they were near the tunnel, and Roddy was nervous about this. \"It's getting dark, I hope I can avoid the boat from crashing\" he said \"Don't worry, I'm here to help you out\" said Rita as she rested her hand on the wheel, but she felt Roddy's hand and quickly returned it. \"Oh sorry\" she slightly blushed \"That's okay\" Roddy was blushing, too. The two faced each other and saw their cheek turned red. The both sweetly smiled. They can't describe the feeling when they touched each other's hand. But it was the same feeling when they were alone having dinner last night, only stronger. Roddy goes back concentrating on steering and the boat went in the dark tunnel. The slugs, who were riding on a lily pad, followed them from behind and started to sing. (Song by Ben E. King \"Stand by me\") When the night, has come And the land is dark And the moon, is the only light we'll see Then a group of fireflies happened to passed by them. The group was forming a round formation, almost like a moon. It was beautiful to look at, but Roddy was startled when one of the fireflies played with him and goes back to the group. No I won't, be afraid No I won't, be afraid Just as long, as you stand Stand by me His startling made him stumble but Rita caught him by his shoulders. She chuckled when she caught him, while Roddy sheepishly smiled. He went back up to his feet and steered the boat. So darling, darling stand by me Oh, stand by me Oh, stand Stand by me, stand by me The song the slugs sang made Rita a little drowsy. She leaned at her left side without knowing she leaned on Roddy. He tilted his head and found her closer to him. Rita glanced at him then realized she was leaning on him and she immediately got up. The both blushed by embarrassment and turned away from each other, avoiding eye contact. If the sky, that we look upon Should tumble and fall For the mountains, should crumble to the sea Unexpectedly, a brick above the tunnel fell down in front of the boat and gave a big splash on the water. The both were wet. I won't cry, I won't cry No I won't, shed a tear Just as long, as you stand Stand by me Rita brought out two towels, one was for her and she playfully place the other towel on Roddy's head. He dried off his hair with a towel, but when he took the towel off his hair was messed up. Rita cracked up laughing and Roddy quickly tidied it up and continued steering. And darling, darling stand by me Oh, stand by me Oh, stand Stand by me, stand by me The sewer grew brighter now that they are almost out of the tunnel. Roddy was relieved that he didn't damaged the boat and it made Rita happy. \"Well done, that was excellent\" praised Rita \"Thank you\" said Roddy \"For everything Rita\" he smiled at her and Rita smiled back. Soon they caught each other's eyes and gazed longingly. Roddy couldn't help but noticed how beautiful Rita's bright emerald eyes were. Rita couldn't resist his charming smile, let alone his gorgeous brown eyes. As they continued to gaze at each other, a slight force attracted them, moving closer without knowing that their lips almost met. The moment was interrupted by the slamming of an open hatch. \"Oi Rita, where do you keep the napkins? And I save some food for...you...and...Rodders\" said Sid faintly and his were opened when he saw the both close together. \"Am I interrupting?\" \"Oh, not at all. Napkins you say?\" Rita panicked and backed away from Roddy \"They're in here somewhere, Roddy could you help me find them?\" she searched for the napkins while Roddy looked behind the deck. Sid on the other hand was suspicious at the both. He went to Roddy with a quizzical look. \"What's going on between you and Rita?\" asked Sid \"She's not my girlfriend\" blurted Roddy \"I never said that\" \"Right, awkward\" said Roddy and sheepishly smiled \"Found it\" yelled Rita and tossed it to Sid \"Gotcha\" he caught it and gave the plate of crumbs and nuts to Roddy. \"Don't worry mate, your secret's safe with me\" whispered Sid while giving him a pat in the back and went back below the deck. \"Oi Duchess great news\" said Sid jumping out the ladder \"You found the napkins?\" asked Duchess while drinking a hot tea \"That, and they finally stop fighting\" he said and Duchess spat out her drink \"What?\" snapped Duchess and climbed up the stairs above the deck. She slightly opened the hatch and took a peeked. She saw the both having a friendly chat while eating and it made her upset. \"This is not what I have in mind\" she muttered angrily[Chapter 11] Here it is! The chapter you've all been waiting for. But don't get too excited, okay? Flushed Away owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman Aardman, please make a sequel. PLEASE!!! I'm begging you!!! Chapter 11: Friendly Fiend \"Just stop right--there\" Rita called out to signal her first-mate to pull the brakes and the engine of the boat stopped. \"Did I do alright?\" asked Roddy \"The gap is a little too far from the platform but I'd give it a thumbs up\" said Rita as she gave him a pat on the back. The both gazed at the manhole above them for a while, Rita started to blurt out a question. \"Roddy\" he tilted his head when she called his name \"Is there a time that you miss your old home?\" \"Now that you mention it, I do miss Tabitha, Sarge, and my red car--\" he grinned when he thought about those things, which made Rita a little disappointed \"Why do you ask?\" \"It's nothing, I was just curious\" Rita quickly turned her frown into a grin. Then Duchess went between them and wrapped her arms around them. \"Well isn't this nice\" said Duchess \"You two are finally talking again, I'm happy for the both of you\" her hug grew tighter which made the both felt uneasy. \"So, how are we going to get up there?\" \"I'm glad you ask\" Rita smirked \"could stand over there for me?\" Duchess followed what she said and stands on the center of the deck. \"Now what?\" asked Duchess. Rita moved the lever beside her and activated the mechanical hand. The hand grabbed Duchess and it threw her above the air that made her scream in fear. When she was at her highest limit, she reached the highest handle of the ladder and grabbed it. She held on it tightly and panted due to the after shock. \"Are you trying to give me a heart attack?\" she yelled. \"Yeehaw!\" shouted Sid as he sprang up in the air and grabbed the handle just below Duchess \"Let's do that again!\" he said eagerly. \"Aaah!\" Roddy did the same thing and grabbed the handle beside Sid. \"Here I go!\" Rita was also thrown above by the mechanical hand. She did a double somersault in the air before she grabbed the handle next to Duchess. \"Show off\" muttered Duchess. Rita went up first. She went out through a hole of the manhole, and then the rest followed. When they set their feet on the Kensington streets, Roddy immediately recognized his old home right in front of them. \"I wonder if Tabitha and her parents are in there\" said Roddy \"I think Nicole and the others went somewhere\" said Duchess \"Yeah\" said Sid \"They all went out to their grandma's this morning and they'll be back tonight\" then a crashing sound of a broken glass can be heard from inside. \"What was that?\" asked Rita. Roddy went closer to the house and investigated from afar. He then saw a figure behind the curtains in the window. \"There's a robber in the house\" said Roddy \"That devil! If he steals my food bowl he's a dead man!\" said Duchess and all of them went towards the house. \"Wait, there's something I've got to tell you\" yelled Sid who ran behind them, but they didn't hear him when they went in the cat door. They continued running but then Roddy realized something and made him stop. \"Wait a minute\" said Roddy. Rita and Duchess stopped from behind. \"What is it darling?\" asked Duchess \"Since when did the door have a cat door?\" then a meow can be heard from the other room and the three were stunned by fear for they know that frightening sound. Then Sid arrived last in the house and went to the group. \"Hey guys, I have to tell you that there's a--\" \"CAT!\" the trio screamed as the feline entered the room and spotted the rats. \"That's right\" said Sid \"And I have to--\" \"RUN!\" they all ran and hide under the sofa, except for Sid who stood in place. \"Run Sid! RUN!\" yelled Roddy. Sid ran away from the cat but it was too fast and it pounced on him. They all gasped when he was caught by the paw and couldn't move. \"10, 9, 8, 7--\" the cat made a countdown and its head slowly got closer to the struggling rat. \"We've got to do something\" said Roddy in a panicking tone \"But how?\" asked Duchess \"With these\" Rita found a pair of scissors beside her. They pointed the sharp end and aimed it at the cat. \"6, 5, 4--\" \"Charge!\" they all carried the scissor and charged towards it. The more they got closer to the cat, it's head got closer and slowly opened his mouth to Sid as if it was about to eat him. \"3, 2, 1\" the cat's grin grew wider, then he raised his paw in the air triumphantly \"I win!\" yelled the cat. \"You may have won the battle, but the war isn't over\" Sid yelled back. It surprised the trio and stopped where the scissor almost hit the cat. \"Whoa there you little critters, it's dangerous to run with a scissor\" he took the scissor from them and puts it aside \"You might loose your little heads\" he added \"This is insane!\" Roddy blurted out when he knew Sid and the cat are friends \"It's too late for him\" laughed Sid then the cat laughed with him \"And who are your little friends?\" asked the cat \"Don't be shy, I won't bite\" he added. Duchess introduced herself first. \"Mary Duchess St. James\" she said \"St. James, eh? Then we must be cousins\" he said \"Distant cousins\" stated Duchess \"Rita Malone\" \"Charmed\" the cat and Rita shook hands \"And this gentleman?\" \"Roderick St. James. And who might you be?\" asked Roddy \"Bubbles of Buckinghamshire St. James. Call me Bob for short\" he said then turned to Sid \"I've been looking for you everywhere Sid, where were you?\" he snapped \"That solves the robbery case\" Sid whispered to Roddy then turned to Bob \"I went with Duchess to the sewers to--\" \"Find poor and lost Roddy darling\" said Duchess intercepting Sid's sentence \"So now that we found him, everything will be back to the way it was before. So now Sid and Clarisse--\" \"It's Rita\" stated Rita \"Whatever, you are now going back to where you belong. In the sewers\" she said as she pushed them towards the front door. \"Hey wait\" said Sid \"I'm not going back down there. I like it here\" \"I just had enough of you Duchess, besides I'm going back\" Roddy snapped and grabbed Rita's arm. He went towards the door but Rita pulled him back. \"You're going back with me? I don't understand\" she said \"I thought Duchess told you about it\" he said. Then the both glared at Duchess, realizing that she lied to the both. \"What's the meaning of this?\" he asked \"Trust me, this is the best way\" said Duchess to Roddy \"I made a deal with Vicky--\" \"Rita\" stated Rita \"To bring the both of us back up here and never go back\" she said \"Rita, is this true?\" he asked Rita, who was deep in thought. \"You know what, this whole thing is stupid\" said Rita \"the deal's off princess\" then the both started to argue. \"What ever happened to Malones never go back on our word? \" said Duchess, but Rita didn't say anything about it. \"I knew it. You sewer rats are all the same never keeping any promises\" \"Well you pompous pet mice are all the same\" said Rita \"selfish, self-centered, whingy, untrustworthy, and more importantly, stupid rodents\" she yelled and the whole room was quiet after. \"All pet mice you say?\" asked Duchess with a smirk on her face. When Rita turned to Roddy, she realized not only she insulted Duchess, but him, too. Roddy became upset after the girls' argument. \"Roddy, I didn't mean that-- I mean, it was--\" Rita tries to apologize to Roddy, but he turned away from her. \"I've heard enough\" he said in a faint voice and walked out of the living room and went towards his owner's room. Duchess gave Rita another smirked and followed Roddy from behind. \"It's best if you give him time\" suggested Bob feeling pity for her \"Are you gonna be alright Rita?\" Rita nodded and went out the cat door. Sid was still standing, not knowing if he should stay or go. \"You should go to make sure she's alright\" said Bob \"She's a tough girl, she'll be alright\" said Sid \"Go or I'll have second thoughts about not eating you\" he said with a warning tone \"I'm going, I'm going\" Sid ran out the cat door and followed Rita back to the sewers. FYI, Duchess is Roddy's cousin (very distant cousin with the same family name), so don't get any ideas that Duchess and Roddy are married, okay? Bring in the reviews![Chapter 12] Here you go! I give you chapter 12. Well don't just sit there, read! Flushed Away is owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman[Chapter 13] I am so sorry for the long wait folks. Oh well, better late than never I always say... Flushed Away owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c) Aardman Chapter 13: What's green and scary? The human mother took her purse from the table and the father puts on his coat, he then called both of his daughter and niece through the hallway. \"Tabitha! Nicole! It's time to go!\" \"Just a minute dad\" Tabitha said as she took a box of rat food and poured it on Roddy's food bowl \"I'm glad you got thinner Roddy. I'm beginning to worry that you'll be fat forever. We'll be back tonight so take care now\" she said and closed the cage \"I wonder where Bubbles went off to this time\" Tabitha muttered while carrying a bowl of cat food with her, but since she can't find her cat anywhere she puts the bowl down the floor. She then went to the guest room to call her cousin \"Nicole, are you done yet?\" \"Almost\" said Nicole after feeding her pet mouse \"Bye Duchess, be good now\" she said and went with her cousin out the front door. As soon as the car left the house, Roddy changed into his casual clothes and went out of his cage. When he left the room, a call caught his attention. \"Good morning darling!\" yelled Duchess \"Leaving already?\" \"Yeah, Rita's waiting for me there so I'm off then\" said Roddy and Duchess snickered. \"Oh, perish the thought!\" she said \"Why do you want to go back? You have everything you need right here\" \"You're always treating me like this and I can't take it anymore Duchess, I'm leaving!\" he said as he marched to the door but Duchess blocked his way. \"Over my dead body\" she said but then Bob ran through the cat door and crashed on her, and when he immediately stopped, Sid flew and landed on Roddy. \"Sid get off me!\" Roddy pushed his fat friend and the both got up \"Where's Rita?\" \"She's in big trouble Roddy, big, big trouble\" Sid said in a panicking tone \"And I need to work on my landing, my bum hurts\" \"How big?\" \"My butt?\" said Sid looking confused. \"No! I meant Rita\" \"It's those rats from before, they poisoned her with some cheese and kidnapped her. But that doesn't stop there, they said something about the cheese, and the city, and the big finale, and sleeping with the fish and-and-and-and-and-and--\" Sid was panicking but Roddy snapped him out. \"I've got to stop them\" said Roddy as he ran and Bob saluted him on his way out the cat door. \"Run Roddy! Run like their lives depend on you!\" shouted Sid \"Get off me\" a faint voice was heard and it came from under Bob. The cat didn't know that he sat on Duchess, then he immediately released her. \"Sorry young lady\" Bob apologized \"Where's Roddy?\" she asked \"He went back to the sewers to save Rita\" said Bob. After hearing that, Duchess looked angry and her rage started to build up. \"WHAT?!\" she screamed. Sid panicked and quickly hid behind the cat because of her reaction but Bob was confused \"Was it something I said?\" ------------------------------------ In the floodgate control tower, the unconscious Rita was lying down in the corner of the room. Moments later she began to gain consciousness but her vision was blurry when she first opened her eyes, she then heard a conversation nearby. And they were her least favorite people to be with right now. \"Is everything ready?\" he said with a French accent \"Not yet. We just have to wait for my cousin and we can commence my evil plan to get rid of those wretched vermins\" then the familiar deep voice was laughing manically \"Oh mon dieu \" Rita moaned when she tries to get up, but she couldn't because of the pain around her body. Then the henchrats noticed she was awake. \"Oi boss, she's awake!\" yelled Spike. The Toad walked towards the weak rat. \"It looks like our sleeping beauty just woke up\" he said \"You--\" Rita wanted to mock him but instead she moaned and the intense pain in her stomach made her roll into a ball. \"Ah, music to my ears. I'll be hearing more of that when every rat takes a bite out of that cheese just like the one you carelessly ate\" he grinned evily. Every word that he threw at Rita made her grit her teeth and fist, and got the urge to punch him, but she was too weak. \"So now I have to wait for my no good, tardy--\" \" Bonjour \" said Le Frog who was behind the Toad and it made him squeal like a girl \"Now that's music to my ears\" Rita scoffed and smiled weakly \"Le Frog mon ami !\" yelled Fromage \"Fromage mon camarade !\" shouted Le Frog. The both were about to hug but the Toad got between them. \"Did you bring it?\" the Toad asked Le Frog \"What a way to ruin the moment cousin\" said Le Frog in an irritated tone \"Of course I bring it, it's on the boat\" \"Perfect!\" he said \"Fromage--\" \"I'm way ahead of you\" said Fromage holding the poison in his hand \"I'll put it as soon as I get there\" \"It will soon be the dusk for those ignorant cheese-eaters, and the dawn of a new era shall soon rise to us amphibians! Oh, I'm so excited I'm getting goose bumps on my goose bumps\" said the Toad and he cackled all the way out the door. \"What a 'fruitcake'\" said Fromage \"Yes but he's my 'fruitcake'\" said Le Frog \"Let's end this quickly so me and my men can have breakfast\" Soon the room was empty and Rita was left alone in the corner, helpless. She had to stop them but everytime she tries to get up, her pain brought her down. She had done it several times, ignoring the pain, but her strength slowly disappears. In the city below, the crowd gathered at the Picadilly square. They all awed at the boat carrying a wheel of cheese that went towards them. As the boat arrived, Fromage came out with a microphone and introduced them the cheese they've all been waiting for. \"My fellow British friends...\" Fromage's voice could be heard by everyone, especially in the tower. When Rita heard the announcement, she lost all hope in herself as the pain grew worse by the minute. Right now she could only count on Roddy to foil the Toad's plan, if he knew his plan. But her instinct told her that he's coming, and it gave her a little encouragement. \"So who wants to take the first slice?\" shouted Fromage then he spotted a little rat in front of the crowd who happens to be one of Rita's brother, Jojo \"How about you little boy?\" he gave the slice of cheese to him. He almost ate it but he stopped when he heard a familiar horn sound approaching. \"They're back\" said Jojo. They all turn their attention on the Jammy Dodger II fast approaching as if it won't stop at anything. Officer Collin warn the boat to stop with his whistle, but it didn't work. The crowd gasped when the Dodger crashed on the boat. \"What is the meaning of this?\" said Fromage. And out the Dodger was Roddy. \"Lad, what have you done?\" said Mr. Malone \"Are we having a Tom Jones concert?\" yelled Granny \"I love you Tom!\" \"Everyone this is all a part of the Toad's trap\" said Roddy \"the cheese that he gave you is poisoned\" Everyone gasped and Jojo dropped his cheese on the ground. \"You are one loony rat my friend\" Fromage snickered \"and you are going to pay for crashing my boat\" \"In that case\" Roddy took a piece of cheese and gave it to him \"I hope you don't mind eating the first piece\" \"No, I couldn't\" \"Please we insist\" said Officer Collin. As soon as Fromage took the cheese, he secretly pour a little amount of antidote from his sleeve and ate the cheese. Everyone started to observe him and moments later nothing happend. Roddy was wrong. \"Mmm, delicious! Sorry to disappoint you my friend\" Fromage said to Roddy \"You must have mistaken me for someone else\" Roddy have nothing to say after he witness the French rat's innocence. Then he noticed a white gold chain sticking out of Fromage's back pocket when he turned his back. He snatch it without hesitation because he knew it was Rita's. \"Hey! Give that back!\" \"Where did you get this?\" asked Roddy \"It's none of your business, now give that back\" \"Wait! That's Rita's necklace, isn't it?\" said Mrs. Malone. Roddy nodded. \"This is ridiculous\" said Fromage \"Why would I steal her necklace?\" \"I never said you stole it\" said Roddy. Fromage was caught red-handed. He didn't have anything to say to cover the Toad's plan. \"Where's Rita?\" said Roddy scowling at him. Fromage slowly back away to the boat where the Toad is hiding under the covers. \" Mon ami , he's on to us\" he whispered \"Then let us commence plan B\" said the Toad and bursted out from the covers \"Le Frog!\" he shouted \"Henchfrogs attack!\" yelled Le Frog who was disguised in the middle of the crowd. Suddenly hundreds of frogs popped out from their hiding spots and it caught the rats off guard. Even the Toad's henchrats have joined the frogs. Seeing the crowd have no other way to escape, the Toad felt victorious. \"There's nowhere for you to run. You shall all perish!\"[Chapter 14] Alright! This is the chapter you've all been waiting for! First of all, I apologize for submitting it so late but I hope after you read this last chapter it's worth the wait...So READ! Read like your lives depend on it!! X-D Flushed Away is owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman Chapter 14: Just the Beginning There was no escape. No place to hide. The frogs surrounded the terrified rats preparing to attack them. The amphibians moved closer, while the rodents just froze in fear putting an idea on their heads that they should give in and face the end. Roddy on the other hand didn't. He looked at the crowd feeling the need to give them confidence to fight back. \"Everyone listen\" Roddy called their attention \"We shouldn't give up and let the Toad win. Let's fight back!\" he was sure that his speech was convincing but it wasn't what he thought it would be. All the rats panicked and screamed. But they stopped when their ears were irritated by a loud screeching sound. It was Pegleg, a pirate-like rat with a hook as his hand and a pegleg as his foot, who made that sound by scratching his metal hook against the glass window. \"I don't know about you but I'm taking Milicent's word and fight to the end\" he said, \"Who's with me?\" \"Constable Collin reporting for duty!\" yelled Officer Collin \"We're with you lad\" shouted Mr. Malone and the rest of the Malone family were willing to join him. \"Don't forget us!\" shouted Tex in a Texas accent and jumped up and down to call the crowd's attention \"Finally some action!\" he added. \"Don't forget to smile Honey\" said Edna, Tex's wife carrying a digital camera. Soon the crowd changed their minds. Roddy was happy to see that little by little each of them decided to join the fight and take back their city. When they are all ready, Mr. Malone gave out the word to start. \"Charge!\" he shouted then they all ran towards the enemies. The frogs did the same. As they fight, the frogs used their kung-fu fighting moves, while the rats used their resourcefulness. Some of them dodged the attacks and fought back. The Toad's henchrats were helping the frogs but the slugs that were on the rat's side managed to distract them. As the battle continues, Roddy saw Fromage and the Toad got on the boat. He thought if he went with them he might find his friend Rita. Just when the boat was about to leave, Roddy snuck in and hid under the covers at the back of the deck. The boat left and moments later they arrived at the floodgate control tower. The Toad went in the tower first but Fromage stayed behind when he heard someone ran while dragging his feet and hid behind the crates. He suspected it was Roddy who was following them. \"You can stop hiding mon ami I know you're in there\" said Fromage then Roddy came out from behind the crates. \"Where's Rita?\" asked Roddy in an almost angry tone. \"Why should I?\" sneered Fromage. Roddy was furious. He rushed towards him and pinned him against the brick wall. \"Where is she?\" Roddy asked him again only louder and sounded angrier as if he was threatening him. Fromage could see the wild fire of anger in Roddy's eyes, but he was calm and poised even though he was threatened. \"Forget about her, she's dead anyway\" That was the straw. Roddy grew furious and punched him on the eye. Fromage too was furious when he was punched. His eyes were cold as ice, showing no emotion but anger. \"You're going to regret for that\" Fromage gave out a harsh punch that made Roddy fell on the ground. The two were fighting on the ground. They rolled trying to get the upper hand and scratched each other on the face. The fight was about to end when Fromage threw Roddy against the wall. Roddy was badly hurt. He tried to get up but the French rat kicked him on the stomach and fell back down the ground in pain. Fromage was holding a piece of shard that he picked up a while ago. He raised it above his head about to stab him in the heart. \"Don't worry, you'll join her soon enough\" But he stopped. Someone hit him on the head using a baseball bat! He dropped the shard from his hand and fainted. Roddy's pain has settled down and when he looked up he saw a familiar female rat holding the wooden bat. \"Duchess?\" Roddy couldn't believe his eyes. He shook his head but it was her \"What are you doing here?\" \"Keeping you out of trouble of course\" said Duchess \"And don't get any ideas of me saving your sewer friend, I still hate her\" Then something caught Roddy's attention poking out on the sleeve of Fromage. He took a closer look and took a vial. Then he recalled the trick Fromage used that he wasn't poisoned when he ate the cheese. \"This must be the antidote\" Roddy was happy that he found the cure, but he frowned when he knew it was now useless. \"But it's too late\" he muttered. Then a paper ball fell down from above and landed on Duchess' head. \"Hey! Do these people ever heard of trash cans?\" she was about to throw it in the water but when Roddy glanced at it, he immediately recognized the paper. \"Wait Duchess\" Roddy grabbed her arm and took the paper ball. He opened it and it was his letter that he gave to Rita. \"Rita, she's still alive\" he almost jumped for joy but there's no time. He has to move quickly if he's going to save her. \"Great\" Duchess was being sarcastic at first but she has no choice but to help him. That's the reason she came back after all. \"Go, I'm right behind you\" the both ran to the entrance of the tower but the fainted rat quickly gained consciousness and blocked Duchess' way. \"You think I'll go down that easily?--Think again\" said Fromage \"Bring it on French fries\" mocked Duchess \"there's more where that came from\" Roddy ran up the stairs to look for Rita. Since the paper ball fell down from above, he suspected that it came from the upper floor with an open window. He searched at every floor but no sign of her, but when he reached the highest floor he found an open window and below it was Rita lying on the ground. \"Rita\" he yelled as he ran towards her. Rita opened her eyes when her name was called and it wasn't a very good sign for her when Roddy ran to her. Even though she was weak, she used her little strength just to warn him. \"Roddy, it's a trap!\" she shouted. Then a long, elastic tongue shot out the dark corner and bind Roddy's neck. It made him choke and could hardly breathe. The source of the tongue came out from the shadows and broke out an evil laugh. The Toad grabbed Roddy's neck with his hand and returned his tongue back in his mouth. \"You two have been a thorn on my side ever since the World Cup, but I'm finally going to get rid of you for good\" said the Toad bringing Roddy to the open window. Rita tried to stop him by grabbing the amphibian's legs, but he kicked her aside. \"So rat, any last words?\" he asked. Roddy was struggling to broke free, but the Toad's grip was too strong \"No?--Goodbye\" he threw him out the window but didn't bother to look down and then he cackled now that he was victorious. Rita shuddered and tears flow through her face when she no longer heard her friend's voice, only the cackling of the evil Toad. He took out a mini radio to help him communicate with his cousin. \"How are things doing there Le Frog?\" he asked \"It's a disaster! We have to retreat!\" said Le Frog \"What?! But that's impossible, they're just rats\" \"That we underestimate. They almost took out all of my henchfrogs\" \"Fine, meet me back at the boat. Let's retreat for now and come back another time\" the Toad hanged up and turned to Rita. \"You're lucky your city is save for now and these are my last words for you--Goodbye vermin\" he left the room and Rita continued crying until she was unconscious, about to die. There was no hope for her. But wait! A hand just grabbed the windowpane. Since the Toad didn't look to see Roddy's falling death, Roddy was lucky to grab a rope that was tied to the window. He got in the room unharmed and rushed to Rita to give her the antidote. \"Rita\" Roddy put her head in his lap \"Rita it's me, I'm alright\" but she didn't reply. She laid still like there was no soul in her but he could still feel a weak pulse in her body. Roddy quickly pulled out the vial from his pocket and let her drank the antidote, but it slipped right through her lips. He didn't give up. His goal in mind was to let Rita drink the antidote, and so he will. Without any other choice Roddy drank the antidote but didn't swallowed it and brought her head closer and their lips met. He pressed his lips against hers and she finally drank the antidote. Now all he can do is wait and hope that she will get better. Moments later, Rita took a deep breath and opened her eyes. Roddy grinned widely and tears of joy almost flow on his face. Rita smiled when she saw his goofy yet charming face. They put their arms around each other and hugged tightly, wishing that time would stop and keep this feeling forever. Roddy stayed by Rita's side until she was completely cured and it only took a few minutes. The crowd cheered as the two stepped out the tower. They were speechless and they just smiled feeling appreciated. \"Well we certainly been through a lot today\" Rita whispered to Roddy \"What should we do now?\" \"Here's an idea\" said Duchess who popped out from behind \"Take me back home as a reward for saving your life\" \"For what?!\" Rita snapped then Roddy spoke for her \"I'm sure Rita would be happy to take you back home as soon as possible, right Rita?\" said Roddy. Then Rita had second thoughts. \"Right\" Rita said in a pleasant voice \"As soon as possible\" Duchess turned to Roddy. \"Are you sure you don't want to come back with me darling?\" she asked \"Sorry Duchess I'm still staying\" said Roddy \"Oh well, there's always next year\" Duchess went ahead to the Dodger first. \"Hey Rod I forgot to tell you something\" Rita said to Roddy \"What is it?\" he asked. Then she gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and whispered on his ear. \"Thank you\" she said. Roddy smiled embarrassingly and took the necklace from his pocket. \"You read the letter?\" asked Roddy \"Yeah and if you're going for romance ask my mum for help\" the both chuckled and continued walking until they got in the boat. So they left the city again to take Duchess back to the surface. Nothing happened much during the trip. The city is save and the rats continued on with their normal lives and such. But they never knew while the Toad is hiding in the deepest parts of the sewer, he's plotting another diabolical plan, which is worse—Much worse. Well, that's the end of the story. But the adventure still continues...","LastChapter":"Alright! This is the chapter you've all been waiting for! First of all, I apologize for submitting it so late but I hope after you read this last chapter it's worth the wait...So READ! Read like your lives depend on it!! X-D Flushed Away is owned by (c)Dreamworks & (c)Aardman Chapter 14: Just the Beginning There was no escape. No place to hide. The frogs surrounded the terrified rats preparing to attack them. The amphibians moved closer, while the rodents just froze in fear putting an idea on their heads that they should give in and face the end. Roddy on the other hand didn't. He looked at the crowd feeling the need to give them confidence to fight back. \"Everyone listen\" Roddy called their attention \"We shouldn't give up and let the Toad win. Let's fight back!\" he was sure that his speech was convincing but it wasn't what he thought it would be. All the rats panicked and screamed. But they stopped when their ears were irritated by a loud screeching sound. It was Pegleg, a pirate-like rat with a hook as his hand and a pegleg as his foot, who made that sound by scratching his metal hook against the glass window. \"I don't know about you but I'm taking Milicent's word and fight to the end\" he said, \"Who's with me?\" \"Constable Collin reporting for duty!\" yelled Officer Collin \"We're with you lad\" shouted Mr. Malone and the rest of the Malone family were willing to join him. \"Don't forget us!\" shouted Tex in a Texas accent and jumped up and down to call the crowd's attention \"Finally some action!\" he added. \"Don't forget to smile Honey\" said Edna, Tex's wife carrying a digital camera. Soon the crowd changed their minds. Roddy was happy to see that little by little each of them decided to join the fight and take back their city. When they are all ready, Mr. Malone gave out the word to start. \"Charge!\" he shouted then they all ran towards the enemies. The frogs did the same. As they fight, the frogs used their kung-fu fighting moves, while the rats used their resourcefulness. Some of them dodged the attacks and fought back. The Toad's henchrats were helping the frogs but the slugs that were on the rat's side managed to distract them. As the battle continues, Roddy saw Fromage and the Toad got on the boat. He thought if he went with them he might find his friend Rita. Just when the boat was about to leave, Roddy snuck in and hid under the covers at the back of the deck. The boat left and moments later they arrived at the floodgate control tower. The Toad went in the tower first but Fromage stayed behind when he heard someone ran while dragging his feet and hid behind the crates. He suspected it was Roddy who was following them. \"You can stop hiding mon ami I know you're in there\" said Fromage then Roddy came out from behind the crates. \"Where's Rita?\" asked Roddy in an almost angry tone. \"Why should I?\" sneered Fromage. Roddy was furious. He rushed towards him and pinned him against the brick wall. \"Where is she?\" Roddy asked him again only louder and sounded angrier as if he was threatening him. Fromage could see the wild fire of anger in Roddy's eyes, but he was calm and poised even though he was threatened. \"Forget about her, she's dead anyway\" That was the straw. Roddy grew furious and punched him on the eye. Fromage too was furious when he was punched. His eyes were cold as ice, showing no emotion but anger. \"You're going to regret for that\" Fromage gave out a harsh punch that made Roddy fell on the ground. The two were fighting on the ground. They rolled trying to get the upper hand and scratched each other on the face. The fight was about to end when Fromage threw Roddy against the wall. Roddy was badly hurt. He tried to get up but the French rat kicked him on the stomach and fell back down the ground in pain. Fromage was holding a piece of shard that he picked up a while ago. He raised it above his head about to stab him in the heart. \"Don't worry, you'll join her soon enough\" But he stopped. Someone hit him on the head using a baseball bat! He dropped the shard from his hand and fainted. Roddy's pain has settled down and when he looked up he saw a familiar female rat holding the wooden bat. \"Duchess?\" Roddy couldn't believe his eyes. He shook his head but it was her \"What are you doing here?\" \"Keeping you out of trouble of course\" said Duchess \"And don't get any ideas of me saving your sewer friend, I still hate her\" Then something caught Roddy's attention poking out on the sleeve of Fromage. He took a closer look and took a vial. Then he recalled the trick Fromage used that he wasn't poisoned when he ate the cheese. \"This must be the antidote\" Roddy was happy that he found the cure, but he frowned when he knew it was now useless. \"But it's too late\" he muttered. Then a paper ball fell down from above and landed on Duchess' head. \"Hey! Do these people ever heard of trash cans?\" she was about to throw it in the water but when Roddy glanced at it, he immediately recognized the paper. \"Wait Duchess\" Roddy grabbed her arm and took the paper ball. He opened it and it was his letter that he gave to Rita. \"Rita, she's still alive\" he almost jumped for joy but there's no time. He has to move quickly if he's going to save her. \"Great\" Duchess was being sarcastic at first but she has no choice but to help him. That's the reason she came back after all. \"Go, I'm right behind you\" the both ran to the entrance of the tower but the fainted rat quickly gained consciousness and blocked Duchess' way. \"You think I'll go down that easily?--Think again\" said Fromage \"Bring it on French fries\" mocked Duchess \"there's more where that came from\" Roddy ran up the stairs to look for Rita. Since the paper ball fell down from above, he suspected that it came from the upper floor with an open window. He searched at every floor but no sign of her, but when he reached the highest floor he found an open window and below it was Rita lying on the ground. \"Rita\" he yelled as he ran towards her. Rita opened her eyes when her name was called and it wasn't a very good sign for her when Roddy ran to her. Even though she was weak, she used her little strength just to warn him. \"Roddy, it's a trap!\" she shouted. Then a long, elastic tongue shot out the dark corner and bind Roddy's neck. It made him choke and could hardly breathe. The source of the tongue came out from the shadows and broke out an evil laugh. The Toad grabbed Roddy's neck with his hand and returned his tongue back in his mouth. \"You two have been a thorn on my side ever since the World Cup, but I'm finally going to get rid of you for good\" said the Toad bringing Roddy to the open window. Rita tried to stop him by grabbing the amphibian's legs, but he kicked her aside. \"So rat, any last words?\" he asked. Roddy was struggling to broke free, but the Toad's grip was too strong \"No?--Goodbye\" he threw him out the window but didn't bother to look down and then he cackled now that he was victorious. Rita shuddered and tears flow through her face when she no longer heard her friend's voice, only the cackling of the evil Toad. He took out a mini radio to help him communicate with his cousin. \"How are things doing there Le Frog?\" he asked \"It's a disaster! We have to retreat!\" said Le Frog \"What?! But that's impossible, they're just rats\" \"That we underestimate. They almost took out all of my henchfrogs\" \"Fine, meet me back at the boat. Let's retreat for now and come back another time\" the Toad hanged up and turned to Rita. \"You're lucky your city is save for now and these are my last words for you--Goodbye vermin\" he left the room and Rita continued crying until she was unconscious, about to die. There was no hope for her. But wait! A hand just grabbed the windowpane. Since the Toad didn't look to see Roddy's falling death, Roddy was lucky to grab a rope that was tied to the window. He got in the room unharmed and rushed to Rita to give her the antidote. \"Rita\" Roddy put her head in his lap \"Rita it's me, I'm alright\" but she didn't reply. She laid still like there was no soul in her but he could still feel a weak pulse in her body. Roddy quickly pulled out the vial from his pocket and let her drank the antidote, but it slipped right through her lips. He didn't give up. His goal in mind was to let Rita drink the antidote, and so he will. Without any other choice Roddy drank the antidote but didn't swallowed it and brought her head closer and their lips met. He pressed his lips against hers and she finally drank the antidote. Now all he can do is wait and hope that she will get better. Moments later, Rita took a deep breath and opened her eyes. Roddy grinned widely and tears of joy almost flow on his face. Rita smiled when she saw his goofy yet charming face. They put their arms around each other and hugged tightly, wishing that time would stop and keep this feeling forever. Roddy stayed by Rita's side until she was completely cured and it only took a few minutes. The crowd cheered as the two stepped out the tower. They were speechless and they just smiled feeling appreciated. \"Well we certainly been through a lot today\" Rita whispered to Roddy \"What should we do now?\" \"Here's an idea\" said Duchess who popped out from behind \"Take me back home as a reward for saving your life\" \"For what?!\" Rita snapped then Roddy spoke for her \"I'm sure Rita would be happy to take you back home as soon as possible, right Rita?\" said Roddy. Then Rita had second thoughts. \"Right\" Rita said in a pleasant voice \"As soon as possible\" Duchess turned to Roddy. \"Are you sure you don't want to come back with me darling?\" she asked \"Sorry Duchess I'm still staying\" said Roddy \"Oh well, there's always next year\" Duchess went ahead to the Dodger first. \"Hey Rod I forgot to tell you something\" Rita said to Roddy \"What is it?\" he asked. Then she gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and whispered on his ear. \"Thank you\" she said. Roddy smiled embarrassingly and took the necklace from his pocket. \"You read the letter?\" asked Roddy \"Yeah and if you're going for romance ask my mum for help\" the both chuckled and continued walking until they got in the boat. So they left the city again to take Duchess back to the surface. Nothing happened much during the trip. The city is save and the rats continued on with their normal lives and such. But they never knew while the Toad is hiding in the deepest parts of the sewer, he's plotting another diabolical plan, which is worse—Much worse. Well, that's the end of the story. But the adventure still continues...","Summary":" Okay, I'm a little nervous about this... This is actually my very first story I have ever written i","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Humor Romance - Chapters: 14   - Words: 24,850 - Reviews: 51 - Favs: 26 - Follows: 12 - Updated: 4 10 2008 - Published: 10 12 2007 - Status: Complete - id: 3832103 "},{"Movie":"Flushed Away","Title":"Hooked","Author":"Toxic Black Rose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3546168","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Flushed Away . If I did, there'd be a sequel out. I'm only guessing the names of Rita's siblings so just shut up. This is my first Flushed Away story so please be nice to me. Plot: When Rita has a life threatening nightmare, she ignores it, until her roommate gets murdered. If she spoke up, she would die. But if she was quiet, she'd let the Toad take over herself. Can Rita find a way to save her family, and get her life back? A pair of green eyes open. They vision a different sight from the last one they closed on. Rita Malone was on the Jammy Dodger II . She sat up. It looked around three in the morning. The rat city across the lake was a ghost town in her eyes. Every single street light was off. The only place lit, was the bottom floor of Le Toads old hideout, the city Floodgate. \"Roddy?\" She doesn't hear a respond. \"Roddy!\" she yells. She looks for him but he's nowhere to be found. She realizes that she was all by herself. She goes to the steering wheel then see's that the key is not in the initiator. She looks for it. It must have fallen in the water. Rita slipped and fell as the boat made a sharp turn and sped off towards the Floodgate by itself. She gets up and stomps on the break. It wouldn't stop. It takes a sudden chest pounding stop. Rita realized that it changed. Behind the fence were toads. Young ones. Two were fencing, one was cutting off doll heads, and another one catching flies with his tongue. Twenty or so tadpoles were swimming in a pond. She thought about leaving… then again, why were the lights blazing in the basement? She notices that there was a front entrance on the ground. She gets off the boat and see's a little girl guarding the front door. She was a rat, just like Rita. They shared the same hair and eyes. The little girl's hair was tied in a ponytail with a green ribbon tied to it. Her dress was green likes Rita's sweater with ruffles hanging down and the ribbon around her waist was like the belt Rita wore. Her stockings looked like the flag of the United Kingdom and she had on grey sneakers. She stands there like a statue. \"Go back.\" She tells Rita. \"What are you doing here?\" Rita asks. \"This place is dangerous. You have to leave. Come with me.\" \"I can't.\" she says. \"I'm doomed.\" \"What are you talking about?\" The door creaks open. \"I have to go.\" The child walks in. \"Stop!\" Rita screams. \"Don't go in there!\" Rita runs in. As she turns her back on the door, it shuts immediately. She turns to see it disappeared. Instead of panicking she calls for the little girl. Rita walks down the stairs into the basement. \"Little girl?\" she calls. She's never been in the basement before. The room had electric chairs, chains hanging from the walls and ceilings and this giant steel door that said, \"Danger: Very Hot!\" She opens it to see that it was a miniature human oven. There was something on the bottom shelf, wrapped up in a wool blanket. \"Don't go in there.\" The little girl stood behind her. \"You'll get locked in. You'll burn to death.\" She points at the wool. \"Just like him.\" The blanket flew off by itself, as if a ghost was moving it to reveal a burned corpse. The oven rack sprung in front of her that it knocked her over and burned her chest. She hit the stone wall, slamming her spine violently. The corpse fell out and landed right in front of her feet. It was familiar. \"Roddy!\" As she saw the remains of her first mate, she heard stomping from upstairs. \"Le Toad knows you're here.\" She could hear him coming down the steps. Rita looks to see the little girl disappeared. Rita spotted a door ahead and opened it, right as the monster got into the basement. The hall she faced was not very wide and had a lot of objects blocking the way; bottle caps, jewels and straws most of the time. She throws a few jewels behind her so get them out of her way. The killer burst through the door. Rita tripped on a bottle cap and hit her stomach, like a hammer was pounding it. But lucky for Rita, there were two stairways. Hopefully, he'd go through the wrong door. She picks left and silently shuts the door behind her. She sighed in relief, until she realized she should have picked right. The girl from was hanging right in front of her… with a hook through her neck. Her eyes were wide open. They blink for a slight second. \"This is what he does to us rats.\" The girl says. \"He freezes us, burns us, and hangs us.\" The atmosphere of the room was filled with dead rats, hanging from hooks. She saw her mum, and dad and every sibling she ever had. She wanted to faint at this time. Then she hears the knob twisting. She feels her feet freeze. She see's them locked to the ground with ice. She tries to break free but cant. The door knocks down. She hears footsteps like a person walking on land in flippers. \"Rita…\" The voice was so familiar. \"Rita, Rita, Rita.\" It puts a slimy arm around her shoulder. She could feel the stench of flies on his breath. He puts his lips close to her ear and says: \"It's so good of you to return and see my new collection.\" \"Le Toad!\" \"Hello Rita.\" He turns around and looks at her strait in the eye. He was still the same ugly fat-slimy-airbag she knew before. But one thing changed. In his hand, was a fishing hook. She screams as he puts a hand on her neck. \"Don't scream, Rat.\" \"What have you done?\" she screamed. \"I want my family and first mate back!\" She tried to stop him. She punched him in the chest but she ended up breaking it. He had his hand squeezing her neck. Rita screamed again as he gently scratched the blade of the hook against her neck. A huge rip opened and blood spews out like a fountain. \"Now pay attention, captain.\" Le Toad sneers. He puts his hand on her chin and looks her in the eye. \"If you tell anybody about this nightmare, all of this will come true.\" \"And if I keep it quiet?\" Tears of fear and pain were swelling up in her eyes, as Le Toad wrapped his long tongue around the rip and began to feed on her like a vampire. \"Wake up Sleeping Beauty.\" Rita's eyes snapped open as her friend flicked the light on. She started panting. \"Are you ok?\" he asked. \"What time is it?\" she asked him. \"Ten.\" \"That's nice.\" She rolled away from him. \"That's it.\" He kneeled on the bed and started to tickle her—her greatest weakness. Rita squeaked with laughter. \"Roddy!\" she screamed. \"Stop!\" \"Get out of bed and I might!\" She bounced up. \"Are you serious? Is it past ten?\" \"Indeed.\" Rita examined the room. She shared it with five other sisters and their beds were made and their nightgowns were nicely folded. It wasn't like Rita to wake up late, but she was up at a restraint with Roddy. Rita dropped her white nightgown on the floor, placed on her Union Jack Pants, fixed her ponytail and pulled on a white bathrobe like Roddy's with the \"R\" only in black. Her sisters' suitcases were closed and ready. At the table, chatter about school was the main subject. \"Why are all the kids packing up?\" Roddy asked. \"Boarding school.\" Mrs. Malone explained, feeding a bottle to one of her babies. \"I have so many kids to take care of as it is. And thanks to your ruby, wed have the money for it.\" \"Is Rita going? I thought she graduated already.\" \"Well, she skipped school last year to help us out.\" Roddy remembered that well. Rita told him all about her adventures, with her father. How her broke all his bones, how a toad tried to kill her, and the ruby which turned out to be fraud. Finding the ruby which she thought was real and being chased by a toad. Rita came walking down the stairs. \"Good morning everyone.\" She says with a smile. She sits down in her usual seat next to Roddy. \"Well, now that everyone's here.\" Said Mr. Malone. \"Anyone dream last night?\" Children were screaming at the same time. \"Everyone quiet down!\" Mr. Malone demands. \"Let's start with Rita, since she didn't scream.\" \"Hmm?\" Rita turns around to look at him. \"What did you dream about last night?\" Rita puts her elbow on the table and uses her hand to hold onto her head. If you tell anybody about this nightmare, all of this will come true. \"I didn't have any dreams last night.\" She said. \"Alright. I admit it. I had a dream that we built a cruise ship and everybody in town went aboard.\" \"Well that's wonderful.\" Her mother said. \"Why wouldn't you tell us before?\" Rita shakes her head. \"Pass the tea.\" She demands. She pours it into her cup, but doesn't sip it. As side conversations went on, Roddy put an arm around Rita's shoulder. \"Are you alright?\" he asked. Rita looked up at him and smiled. \"I'm quite alright.\" She says. \"So you coming?\" \"Where?\" \"I need to get some things for school.\" She says. \"Some clothes and school supplies. Do you wish to come?\" \"Of corse.\" He says. \"Good.\" Rita gets up and walks upstairs. \"Rita!\" her sister Mimi calls. \"You never touched your tea.\" \"I'll have it in a moment.\" Rita leaves the kitchen. Roddy stared at her plate. \"Needless to say, she hasn't even eaten.\" \"Don't worry about her, Rod.\" Said Mr. Malone. \"She usually gets ready for the day before breakfast.\"[Chapter 2] Rita pulls her hair back and looks in the mirror. If Le Toad said something about the nightmare happening, then did something happen to her while she was asleep too? She looked at the spot on her neck that he scratched. Nothing changed. She went back downstairs. \"Once I finish high school, we can go sailing again.\" She tells him, minutes later. She parks by the edge of the city park.[Chapter 3] Henapproaches her calmly. Rita stands up and waits for him to comencloser. When he faced her, all he did was stare at her. Wasn't hengoing to kill her? Rita saw him pull something out of his coat. Shenthought it'd be a knife or a gun but strangely, it was a block ofncheese. Cheese?nWhat was a murderer doing with cheese? He puts it in her face andnsays, \"My dear, you look starving. Have some cheese.\" Ritancouldn't resist cheese. Like other mice, she loved it. She wasnaddicted to it like a drunk was addicted to beer. The man puts itncloser to her eyes and moves it left to right. Herneyebrows lowered. She wasn't going to buy that. The cheese couldnhave been poisoned or worse. Like serving a volleyball, she smackednit out of the mans hands and kicked him in the stomach. \"What arenyou doing on my boat?\" she snapped. \"Nobody invited you on board.nHoppit!\" \"Inwould.\" The man said. \"But I have to complete what I came herenfor.\" \"Takenoff your coat.\" She sneers. \"As younwish Captain!\" he bows gracefully and unbuttons the trench. Shencould see his hands were green and wet. His coat dropped to thenground like a snake shedding its skin. \"Inknew it.\" Rita pulls the needle from her belt loop. \"I knew youndid that. Why did you kill him?\" \"Rodricknis not dead.\" Said Le Toad. \"Yet. You see dear, once I kill you,nI'll be off to kill him as well.\" \"Thatnwon't be necessary.\" Said Rita calmly. \"None of that's gonnanhappen. Now, is there something you need from me? Maybe a fake rubynor a Master Cable?\" \"WhatnI want is not tangible.\" Said Le Toad. \"And I really must benoff.\" \"Thennget out of here!\" \"Asnyou wish.\" He grins, \"But first…\" Hisntongue flies out. Rita dodges it. No matter where he aimed, henmissed. Then, he finally caught her and wrapped his tongue around hernwaist, lifting her off the ground and bringing her close to him. \"Yes!\"nhe cheers. It was hard to understand him at that point, but Rita knewnwhat he was saying. \"I, Prince Le Toad, have finally captured NigelnMalone's daughter, and I'm about to fulfill my dream and killnher!\" Screamingnwas a great idea now. But Rita wasn't a damsel in distress. As anMalone, she would never scream like a sissy girl. Her father alwaysntaught her to fight back at enemies. She had the needle in her hand.nLe Toad wrapped both hands around her neck and began to choke her.nHer arm was quivering, as she lifted to weapon in the air. Shenstabbed him in the wrist, causing him to let go. His tongue was stillnaround her, so she pierced that many times. When she was free, shenpulled on the tongue and stabbed it several times more. As blood camenout of his mouth, Rita never felt so great about herself. This Toad.nThis toad prince, standing right in front of her with weak hands andna bleeding tongue, spent over a year, hiring hit men, plotting andnattempting to destroy her own kind. But what made her outraged wasnthe thought of having to visit and prey to forty graves, maybe fortynone. \"I'venhad enough with you!\" she screamed. \"For over a year now, Incouldn't sleep safely because I was afraid that you'd come andnget me. It's not our fault that you ended up down here!\" She kneeledndown and stabbed him in the left eye. She would sure have to explainnto Roddy why there was so much blood on the dock. \"And thatnruby!\" she continued. \"Belonged to my father! He's the one whonfound it, not you! You tried steeling it from us, claiming that it'snyours because it fell from Buckingham Palace, and that just happensnto be where you once lived! No matter what my father and I did, younkept on coming back to harm us even more!\" Shenstabbed him in the next eye, this time harder. \"Andnone more thing.\" She said. The needle went up above her head. Thennit shot right down. \"Go to hell!\" The needle went right intro hisnheart. Seconds later, Le Toad was dead. Rita drops the needle innsurprise. Inkilled him! She alwaysnwanted him gone, but not dead necessarily. The first commandment innthe Bible was, \"Thou shall not kill\". She presses her handsnagainst her head. Oh God,nJesus, Grandfather, please forgive me! Sure, he wasna bad man, trying to ruin her life and what she treasured most. Butnshe began to feel this strange, painful emotion called guilt. Butnthen she thought… Has thisnairbag ever done anything good for me? Let's see, he broke everynbone in my father's body, tried to kill me, tried to wash away mynfamily, tied me to a pipe twelve feet in the air, stole my father'snruby, nearly iced me, and a few minutes, he attempted to choke me! Isnthere any good in that? Why am I so guilty? Am I going to getnarrested for this? She looked atnLe Toads body, blood leaking to her knees. She wondered if Roddynwould react angrily. She picked up his trench and threw it off board,nthen dragged his body below deck. Taking one of the shopping bags,nshe carefully removed her homecoming dress and hung it to thenceiling, hoping it wouldn't get dirty. She strokes the fine fabricnfondly. Then she wrapped the bag around Le Toad's body and wentnback up to clean up the mess. Where was thenmess? The one spot, where she stabbed him to death, was clean andnsparkly as Roddy's old cage. Speaking of which, he was walking onnboard. Sharon and Daisy were beside him, laughing and having a greatntime. Daisynnoticed that Rita was panting right away. She didn't look too good.nIt seemed like Rita was seeing a ghost. \"Rita,nwhat's wrong?\" she asked. \"I wasnwatching the news.\" Said Rita. \"I swear to God, I thought younguys were dead. Two ladies and a gentleman were murdered today at thenJewelry store.\" \"It'snok Rita.\" Said Sharon. \"None of us were there.\" \"Inthought you were dead.\" \"Inbet their nobody we know.\" Said Daisy. \"Now are you ok?\" \"Yes,nI'm feeling much better now.\" She gives them a warm smile, butnRoddy could hear her heart beating. He reached out and put his handnon her forehead. \"Werengonna go now.\" Said Sharon. \"See you guys at the party tonight?nBye.\" Shengrabs Daisy's hand and walks off with her. \"What'snwrong Rita?\" Roddy asked. \"C'mon, tell me.\" \"Nothing. I just nearly had a heart attack.\" I killednhim, Rodrick! I killed Le Toad! He was the man in the trenchcoat andnhe was the man behind the murder! I didn't mean to! I swear to Godnbut he was trying to kill me! He'd kill you too! Thatnwas supposed to be said. Keepnit to yourself Rita. Guidance was saying to her. She didn'tnknow if it was an angel or a devil, but whatever it was, she wasnlistening to it. Nobody will even care. \"I'mnfine.\" She says again. \"Let's go home.\" She stoppednworrying all of a sudden and thought about the positive side. Hardlynanybody in the city knew who Le Toad was. Even if they did, shendidn't think that Officer Collins would arrest her for murder,nespecially when Le Toad tried to drown them. And now, she could go onnwith her life without any of his tricks. What about Spike and Whitey?nThimblenose and Ladykiller? Le Frog even? She expects that none ofnthem will dare to come near her. And besides, imagine he was gone andnkill off other rats afterwards? If yes, she seemed to imagine hownmany lives she saved. But whatnabout Roddy? What if he goes below deck? Oh crap! \"Do notngo down there.\" She warned. \"Just don't.\" \"Why not?\"nRoddy asked. \"BecausenI said so!\" she snapped. \"All my stuffs down there and I don'tnwant you looking at them!\" \"Inget it.\" He said. \"Woman and their clothes.\" \"I'vengotta pack them. The parties in five hours. What took you so long?\" \"Nownthat's what I was wondering.\" Said Roddy laughing. \"I thoughtnit would be quick, but there are a lot of people looking for homesnand jobs.\" \"Anynluck?\" \"Yes.\"nSaid Roddy. \"I have a job on campus at the bar.\" \"Wait.nYour working at my school?\" \"What'snthe problem? I'm not gonna be your teacher.\" \"There's no problem with that, in fact its good. I'll be ablento see you more often then I thought.\" Shensteers the boat home as their conversation went on. Seems like theyngot over Rita's incident. But Roddy still wanted to know why shenwas scared. Even though she didn't admit it, he could tell she wasnonce worried. Dinnernwasn't going to be served at the party, so Roddy and Rita ate atnhome. In the house hold, there were two dinners. The little kids atenfirst, then the preteens and older ate. Rita sat by Roddy with antadpole on her plate. She could hear some kids upstairs practicing onntheir musical instruments. Her sister Annie asked if she could putnRita's hair in French braids, to go with her baseball cap and Ritanapproved. \"Twonwords Rita.\" Annie explains trying to run the brush through Rita'sntangled hair. \"Hairspray!\" \"That'snone word.\" Rita corrected. \"Thennmay I say it twice?\" \"My, mynRita.\" Roddy cut her off. \"Your hair looks so lovely when it'sndown. Why don't you ever wear it down.\" \"Becausenit attracts guys.\" Said Liam. \"Younshoosh!\" Mr. Malone said. \"We are not making jokes!\" \"I justndon't like it down, that's all.\" Said Rita. \"Rita.\"nThe 18 year old looks at the 13 year old. \"Are you going tonhomecoming and prom this year?\" \"YesnI am.\" Said Rita. \"Every senior goes.\" \"Because you didn't go to junior prom or the last threenhomecoming dances. Not even Sadies, or the Winter Ball.\" \"I'mngoing to make it to all of those. Believe me, I think it's time fornme to soften up a little bit.\" \"Meaning…\" \"I'mngoing to those dances, with curled hair and I'm buying nice dressesntoo.\" The roomnhad gone silent. Two boys who were wrestling stopped. The kid on thenceailing with rubber suckers fell to the floor and Mimi dropped herntea cup. \"Didnyou just say you were going to dress up?\" Mrs. Malone asked. \"Only atnan occasion. I don't see what the big deal is.\" Annienhanded her a mirror and Rita looked at herself, smiled and put herncap on. \"Thanknyou dear sister, you are the best.\" Ritanpats Annie's head and gets up. \"Roddy,nI'll be waiting for you in the boat.\" \"I'llnbe there in a moment.\" He promised. \"Don'tnyou dare think about getting drunk at that party!\" Mr. Malonenyelled. \"Dad,nplease, I would never.\" Shenlooked at all the kids in the room. All these children looked up tonher. She was their greatest role model. She always had to watch overnthem, give them advice, and sometimes had to sing lullabies. She feltnlike both a sister and a mother. Ritansighs and shuts the door. Inhave to get this done quick, before he comes out! She runsnbelow deck and grabs the bag holding Le Toad's dead body. Blood wasnstill coming out of him. She clings on to him and tries to lift himnup. He must have weighted at least three pounds. Rita weighed fifteennounces. Skinny for an eighteen year old mouse but normal. She lost anlot of weight like most of the family members when they were nearlynbroke. She lifts him up on board and pushes him up. Myngoodness! She thought impatiently. She counted to three in hernhead and gave him a massive push. The bag slides on board. She climbsnup the ladder and picks him up again. \"Oknhandsome, time to walk the plank!\" she pushed him off the boat. Anhuge splash was heard as Roddy stepped out… Now if younsee any mistakes tell me. And another thing I want you all to know…nI'll be in Canada for a month and won't be able to update.nChapter Four might go up by Friday, but it might not. Also anothernthing to point out; this kid called Gabriel made a MySpace for Rita.nJust go on \"people\" and type \"Rita Malone.\" It's the onenthat says \"Bristol England\" somewhere. Don't tell him about menbut he's obsessed with her. Read her last blog, it's crazy and itnkind of upset me.[Chapter 4] \"You can see the lights from here.\" Said Rita pulling into a space. Coming early would have been wiser. It took her ten minutes to find them a space. The whole park was full of students. Seeing all these kids made Roddy nervous. Some of them looked mean. \"Do you know anybody else besides Sharon and Daisy?\" \"Yes.\" \"Are they nice?\" Rita looks at him in surprise. \"Of corse.\" She laughed. \"Just stay with me. I'll introduce you to all of them.\" Rita runs off to talk to Sharon as she comes in sight, wearing the same outfit as before. \"About time you came!\" she screamed. \"Where's Roddy?\" \"Right here!\" Roddy shouts running up to them. Sharon picked up one of Rita's braids and ran a finger through it. \"Who did your hair?\" she asked. \"My sister.\" \"Which sister?\" \"Annie. Why?\" \"Because their awesome!\" Sharon complements. \"Wanna hit the dance floor? Have some Blue Ram?\" \"Yes, Blue Ram sounds great. Would you care for one Roddy?\" \"Sure. I'll try it.\" \"Alright then.\" Sharon smirks. \"Two Blue Rams then.\" Rita feels something cling on to her. It falls over her and giggles. It was Daisy. \"Happy Twelth Grade!\" she cheered. \"Nice hair. Would you like to go on a blind date?\" \"No.\" said Rita. \"He's really cute.\" Diasy tried to convince. \"And the funny thing is, his name is Abraham Lincoln, like the American President.\" Rita laughs. \"Does he wear a top hat and have a black beard?\" Roddy asked laughing with her. Rita was laughing so hard, that she took Roddy's hands and they starting spinning around saying, \"Mr. President!\" \"Nope!\" Daisy jumped grabbing her hand. \"Come meet him!\" \"Not now Daisy.\" Said Rita. \"I just got here.\" \"Need a drink?\" \"Sharon's got that handled.\" Sharon steps out with two cans and hands them to the guests. \"When your done, show us what you can do on the dance floor.\" She said. \"Roddy said you can really move. Is it true that you guys once danced?\" \"Yes.\" Said Rita. \"The Jammy Dodger II opened.\" Right at that moment, Roddy spits out his drink. He hated it. \"Well get your booties on the dance floor!\" Daisy screamed. Taking their hands like a little girl and brought them to a random spot on the floor. \"I Like to Move It\" was playing through the speakers. \"Please.\" Said Rita. \"They can be real silly sometimes… let's dance!\" \"How much of that stuff did you have?\" \"One sip!\" she laughs. \"Tell me something Roddy. Do you like to move it?\" \"I guess.\" He said unsure. He turned to see this real crazy rat, wearing all black. He had light sticks hanging over them like a Flapper Girl Dress. All of his jewelry was glowing too. It was Harold, the boy that cried about the flood several times. \"Ello Rita!\" he cries, noticing her. \"Have a light stick!\" \"Thank you.\" Said Rita. She took one from his pockets. \"This is Roddy.\" \"Roddy! We've met before I believe!\" \"You have?\" Rita looked at Roddy in confusion. \"You were the loony in that really fancy suit. You called me a whacko!\" \"My, my.\" Said Roddy. \"I'm very sorry. It was my first time in the city and that scared me.\" \"Beginners luck.\" Said Harold. \"At least Collin didn't arrest you.\" \"You told him to keep an eye on me.\" \"Sorry bout that mate. But now you get by more, right?\" \"A lot better.\" Said Roddy. \"Rita!\" Daisy grabbed Rita's shoulder. \"Come meet the president.\" \"What the big deal?\" Rita asked annoyed. \"I'm busy right now.\" \"He's really eager to meet you.\" Said Daisy. \"Well if he thinks it's important, then make him come here.\" \"Whatever's best for you.\" She walks off. Then turns around. \"You'll like him.\" She said. \"Promise you.\" I don't care about some boy you met! Harold was off dancing with another friend. Roddy, was no where in sight. \"Roddy!\" She spotted him… with the girl she truly hated; Sasha. This was absolutely shocking. Sasha was flirting with him. Rita approached them when she was tapped on the shoulder. She turns to see the young man, taller, very fit and handsome. He had the same eye color and red hair, tied in a ponytail. His purple long sleeved shirt was almost completely unbuttoned showing off his nicely worked on abs. His jeans were about as nice. \"Are you Rita Malone?\" He defiantly didn't have the accent. It wasn't in Rita's nature to go crazy over guys but this one seemed different. \"Yes I am.\" She answers. \"Who might you be?\" \"Didn't your friends tell you about me?\" \"Yes they said something… Abraham?\" \"Abraham Lincoln, madam.\" Rita starts laughing. \"Pleasure to meet you, Mr. President.\" Said Rita. \"So when did you get here?\" \"Just yesterday.\" Said Abe. \"I moved here from America. Atlanta to be exact.\" \"How'd you get here alive?\" \"I snuck on a human airplane.\" Said Abe. \"With my parents.\" \"Do you know anybody here?\" \"Only a few people.\" He said. \"Funny! I have a friend who hardly knows anyone here too! His names Roddy.\" \"I don't think I've ever heard of that name. Was he a pet?\" Rita felt like she was humiliating Roddy. \"I don't know.\" She lied. \"Ask him yourself. I'll introduce you.\" \"I'd like to meet him.\" Said Abe. Roddy was still at the same spot, with the same girl. When Abe saw them he asked Rita if Roddy had a girlfriend. She said they'd find out. \"There you are, I've been looking all over for you.\" She said, walking towards Roddy. \"How's your chat?\" \"It's going alright.\" Said Roddy. \"Who's this?\" \"This is Abraham. He moved here from the sewers of Atlanta.\" \"New to the place? So am I.\" The girls watched them. \"Are you now officially his girlfriend?\" Rita asked Sasha. \"Why is that any of your concern?\" \"Roddy is my first mate. Trust me, I wont tell.\" Rita hated Sasha because Sasha looked and seemed to act like a hooker looking for sex. But when Rita finally saw her in person, she realized that she might have been wrong before. \"Ok, I think he's cute.\" She said. \"How long have you known him?\" \"Oh, a few weeks ago. Were like brother and sister now.\" \"Then I hope you don't mind that I slow dance with him.\" Right then, a slow tune did come on. The lights dimmed out. Sasha's response was short, probably meaning that Rita was right before. She watched her pull Roddy out to the dance floor. Roddy didn't seem to mind much because he was holding her hand. She stood there, next to Abraham, hoping he wouldn't ask her. Slow dancing not only gave her butterflies but she would literally get sick. She finishes the rest of her drink and presses the can against her forehead \"Wanna dance?\" he asked. Rita then really wanted to scream. She liked this boy though so she said yes. He takes her hand and walks her to the very center. They get into position. They were silent. Rita wasn't looking at him; she could feel her stomach evaporating. \"Are you ok?\" he asked. She looked over his shoulder to see Roddy. He was talking to Sasha, looking right at her and laughing. When he sees her he smiles. Sasha turns around. \"How's he doing for you?\" she asks. Rita starts taking deep breaths but that's not working. \"She's gonna barf!\" Sasha told Roddy. \"Oh no.\" he mumbles. \"I'm very surprised.\" \"Excuse me.\" Said Rita to Abe. \"I need to go!\" She pulls away from him and runs off the floor, pushing a few people and mumbling apologies to a trashcan. She clung on to her chest and threw up. When she was done, she sat down on the porch. Then she laid her head down miserably. My God, he must hate me for that! She thought. School hasn't started yet, but this could have been her only chance to get a boyfriend. Not that it mattered or anything. She's wondered what it was like to date. And Abraham seemed like somebody who could take her to homecoming. \"What happened?\" Rita nudged her head up and opened her heavy eyelids. Sharon was standing beside her. \"He hates me now.\" She said. \"Roddy?\" \"No. Abraham.\" \"Ah ha!\" Sharon exclaimed. \"I knew you'd like him! He's very cute!\" \"And because of that, I nearly threw up on him!\" Rita says, laying her head back down. \"Relax. He'll forgive you.\" Sharon leans in. \"And during the movie, he might ask you to sit with him.\" \"Can I ask you something?\" \"Certainly.\" \"Were you and Daisy trying to set me up?\" Sharon doesn't speak. \"Tell me.\" Said Rita. \"I'm not mad.\" \"Yes. We met Abraham at the mall and we got into a long chat. He asked if we knew any redheads and we told him all about you.\" \"Well thank you for telling the truth.\" \"Are you ready to go back there?\" \"I should probably apologize to him.\" Rita stretches her arms like a cat and gets up. Feeling much better, she walks off, into the neon light. An hour later, Sharon was setting up the big movie screen they had installed. People were sitting down in seats. Roddy and Rita walked through the rows but couldn't find anywhere to sit. There was one seat, and it was next to Abraham. Roddy sits down. Rita wanted to scream at him.[Chapter 5] Those Blue Rams from last night kept Rita up until two. During the night, she lay on her back. The air conditioner broke, so the house was too hot to sleep in. Rita wasn't wearing any clothes, not even underwear and she had an ice cold water bottle at her night stand. That whole night, all she thought about was Abraham. How he wanted to know her, dance with her, watch the movie with her… but she thought of the kiss the most. Rita was never kissed there before by a guy and she tried to describe the feeling to herself. It was very strange and odd, she believed. Embarrassing, frightening, stupid, weird… and so wonderful. For the first time, Rita was falling in love. But… what if? She wondered. What if he broke up with another girl, and wanted to win that beauty back by using her to make her jealous? The thought of that made Rita sick. She opened the window and inhaled the coolness of the sewers air. What if he was a user? He seemed far too nice. Rita asked no more questions. She didn't need to wonder again. She knew right from that moment, that he was perfect. She put on some underwear and went to bed. The up top sun rose. The cockroach on the roof woke up the family like a farm rooster. She lay in her bed, her face in the pillow. A few strands of her blazing red hair hung off o the side along with one of her arms, slowly swaying back and fourth like a vine. The door creaked open. Liam crawled in with some other boys, including Shockey. The others were Dylan, Fergus and Graham. They were snickering, trying not to wake Rita. \"On three.\" Liam whispered. \"One… two.\" Fergus snapped on the lights. Then they all screamed in very off key voices. \"GOOD MORNING, GOOD MORNING, GOOD MORNING, TIME TO RISE AND SHINE! GOOD MORNING, GOOD MORNING, GOOD MORNING, WE HOPE YOU'RE DOING FINE! GET OUT OF BED YOU SLEEPY HEAD, ITS TIME TO RISE AND SHINE!\" \"GET OUT!\" she roared furiously. \"NOW!\" The boys burst into laughter as they walked out the door. Rita was wide awake due to Fergus' snorting. They weren't so guilty. Rita got up and put on a new outfit; a red v neck sweater with a black top underneath it and a pair of jeans with skulls on the back pockets. She slipped on the same boots she wore every day then walked downstairs to the racket in the dining room. Turns out Rita's parents set them up a surprise breakfast buffet. All the food was beautifully assorted over a fine red tablecloth. There was milk, orange juice, coffee, hot chocolate, tea, chocolate chip waffles and pancakes, with whipped cream smoothed on them. The egg was scrambled o a silver dish to perfection while the sausage and hash browns looked perfect. Rita grabbed a plate right away and placed a cup of coffee with a lot of cream and sugar, a piece of the egg, some pancakes and a strawberry piece. Kids were sitting everywhere, including the couch. Roddy was sitting at the table with his leg over her chair. \"Saved you a seat.\" He said. \"How was your sleep?\" \"It was ok.\" She mumbled. \"Hey Rita.\" It was her snickering brother Liam. \"What?\" she growled. \"What's health class like? Is it where we learn how to have safe sex?\" \"I beg your pardon. Is that an appropriate question to ask?\" \"What are those two big bumps on your chest?\" Rita looked down at her breasts and looked at him, disgusted. Then she took a spoon and flicked strawberry in his face. \"Watch it!\" he snapped. \"The prettiest girl in the eighth grade is in almost all my classes.\" \"Let me guess. She didn't pass the finals last year either.\" A humorous grin came upon Rita's face as all the boys in the area start laughing, including Roddy. Rita started to laugh, hiding her face in her napkin. The look on her brother's face was priceless. As Rita continued to giggle, she felt her shoulder shake. She turned, still chuckling to see Annie who was sitting next to her. \"Rita. Is it true?\" \"Is what true darling?\" Rita puts her lips on the coffee cup and sipped slowly. \"Did Roddy kiss you?\" Rita stopped. She looked at her sister closely. \"We were all talking about it last night. We thought it could have happened. Did it?\" Rita swallowed then answered, \"No. Roddy did not kiss me. It was somebody else.\" \"Who?\" Annie squeaked excitingly. \"Some guy. It was a one-night-only type of romance. I'll never see him again, that's for sure.\" Rita cut her pancakes casually, waiting for Annie to respond. \"The bus is on its way!\" Mr. Malone warned. \"Finish your breakfast, grab you bags and hurry outside!\" \"That fast?\" Rita questioned. \"How long have I been asleep, Rod?\" \"I don't know.\" Said Roddy. \"When did you go to bed last night?\" \"To be honest, I couldn't sleep at all. I had too many Blue Rams.\" \"Oh.\" \"I need sleep.\" He could see that she was about to drop her head and doze off, so he stood her up and said, \"Let's get ready.\" Rita picked up her yellow duffle bag with all her clothes in it and Roddy carried her black roll on with her bed sheets in it. They helped the bus driver load the storage space with heavy bags. Rita's mood changed from excited to sad. She felt like she wasn't home for long enough that summer. She wanted to stay home and sail on the Dodger II. She sighed and walked over to her parents. Her mum was holding a Kleenex, weeping. Her husband was trying to make her feel better but all his tries didn't work. \"Oh Rita, I'm gonna miss you the most!\" Her mum sobbed throwing her arms around her first born. \"Did you have to choose a boarding school?\" Rita asked. \"It's best for us, you know that.\" Her father said. \"You'll be back for Christmas.\" Rita sighed again and bent down to say good bye to him. When she went on the bus, they secretly called for Roddy. \"Good luck young man,\" said Mr. Malone. \"Do us a favor.\" \"Anything.\" Said Roddy. \"Watch over Rita. I know she can protect herself but if anything happens, we want to know from you if she's ok.\" Roddy knew that Rita would never let him protect her. He was surprised at the request her parents made and wondered why they asked. He could never imagine anything terrible happening to Rita, especially when she's in school. He nodded his head and vowed to do his best. \"Don't let her know about this.\" Mr. Malone continued. \"You know Rita… she certainly does have a temper.\" \"Oh I know how it feels.\" Roddy laughed. \"The first day we met…\" \"Go on now dear.\" Mrs. Malone nudged. Roddy said good-bye and walked on. The door shut immediately and the sound of the engine roared in their ears. Children started hollering good bye, knocking their fists on the window and waving. Rita stayed in her seat, looking out the window. \"Are you alright?\" Roddy asked. Rita's expression looked sad. It looked like she was almost about to cry. She took another sip of the Blue Ram in her hand, noticing the concern in his eyes. For a moment, she ignored him then gave him a weak smile. \"I'm quite alright.\" He knew she was lying. He placed a hand on her shoulder and said, \"You'll see them again.\" \"In Christmas.\" She reminded him. \"Not until blemen' Christmas!\" She picks up the Blue Ram and takes another sip. Roddy watched her as tears flooded her eyes. She wiped them away, still drinking. \"Are you crying?\" \"Me? Crying?\" she continued to wipe her eyes. \"I'm not crying. I'm alright.\" She took a few deep breaths but it wasn't working out too well. \"School will be fun. Let's look on the bright side. You'll have time to hang out with your friends.\" \"True. You know, I am looking forward to football tryouts.\" \"You play?\" \"Every year I play football and tennis.\" Said Rita. \"My two favorite sports and I'm really skilled at them.\" \"Well that's great. Tell me when the games are.\" Thinking back, Rita knew that she wanted adventure. There would be plenty of that at school. She would meet new people; have new teachers and a new dorm. Not just any dorm though; she was assigned to Diana Dorm, one of the best female dorms there. All the dorms were named after royal people, like hers was named in honor of Princess Diana. She also thought about the parties and the school plays she'd be seeing. Maybe she could work on stage crew and build the set. \"You know, I'm feeling much better now.\" She said. \"Thanks.\" \"Your welcome.\" Roddy was proud of himself for once again, helping her out. It wasn't often Rita had a problem. But he learned something about her; as obsessed she is with travel, she could get pretty homesick. The relief broke when a question came up in Rita's mind. It was a sad question. \"Roddy, how did you feel when you left your family behind?\" \"What are you talking about?\" He looked up at her confused \"When you left to live in Kensington.\" She leaned against the window, giving him time to answer. He was dead silent. It's like he didn't know what to say. It was an easy question, but he couldn't seem to get the words out. \"I never really knew them.\" He said. \"I was taken away when I was very young.\" \"How young?\" \"I don't exactly remember.\" He said. \"But Tabatha was like a mother to me. She wasn't like most pet owners. Do you even know how many rat owners pamper their pets with doll clothes and hairspray?\" \"Not that many.\" Said Rita, taking another Blue Ram out of her bag. \"How on Earth can you like those?\" \"Hey, if you don't like it, stay away from the sugar-free ones. These drinks are addictive. Let's listen to some music.\" \"We can't hear the radio from back here.\" \"I got an MP3 yesterday.\" She said pulling it out. It was defiantly in a Union Jack pattern. She puts on a clean version of \"Girlfriend\" and they started singing along. The bus came to a halt. The bus driver gut out of his seat and walked to the back. \"This is my bus pals.\" He said in his Southern accent. \"Either get yer two some headphones or turn off that explicit junk right now!\" \"But it's the clean version!\" Rita laughed. \"You Brits have no taste in music.\" \"Yes we do.\" Said Roddy. \"You simply don't like it. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. \"You listen to me, fancy boy—\" \"You think we can't find good music? None of us like Carrie Underwood and you're blastin' her through the radio. Just sit down and get us to school. I'll make you a deal.\" Rita put her music away. \"I'll turn this off; you turn the radio off, everyone's happy.\" \"Fine! Jus dot turn that thing on again till ye get to yer fancy Brit school.\" \"Not all of us are fancy.\" Rita mumbled. They were halfway there and Rita had nothing to talk about. She leaned against the window and closed her eyes, to make up for the sleep she owed last night. Roddy stared for a moment, thinking how uncomfortable she must have felt. He took her by the shoulders and laid her head down on his lap. Then he fell asleep himself.[Chapter 6] Rita wasnawakened by the cheering of the kids all around her. She didn'tnrealize her head was on Roddys lap when she got up to look out thenwindow. They just entered Prince Charles Acadamy. Rita woke up Roddynand observed everything out the window. There were students walkingndown the street with their luggage, socializing with their closenfriends and free samples of food were given out. \"We there?\" henasked. \"Come look fornyourself.\" Roddy peaked out thenwindow to observe. \"It's beautiful.\"nHe said. \"You must be lucky to come here.\" \"I just want to getnoff this bus so I can get started.\" She got off the bus to see ankid dressed as their mascot, Prince Charles himself. He wasnhigh-fiveing all the kids and giving the younger ones hugs screaming,n\"Welcome to PCA!\" As Rita walked over tongrab her luggage she noticed a bunch of attractive muscular mennpulling out their luggage. She looked back to notice a familiar onenwith red hair… she saw Abraham right when he pulled out her secondnsuitcase. \"Please don'tnnotice me.\" She begged as she approached her things. As she bentndown to pick up her suitcase, she caught Abraham's eye. \"Hey Rita!\" hensmiled. \"Cant talk, must go!\" She grabbed her bagsnand power walked away from him hoping he wouldn't run after her. \"I'm going tonunpack now.\" She told Roddy. \"Ok, I'll be atnwork for a quick meeting.\" \"See ya.\" Ritanwalked away, looking for Diana dorm. She saw Victoria and Carmellanand then saw the Diana building, standing taller proudly than thenothers. At first, when Rita went inside, she thought she was in thenwrong place. The floors were paved with gold and their were smallnglass cells for studying with nice furniture and fireplaces. Thenceiling was made from mirrors, so when Rita looked up, she could seenherself. \"This cant be right…\" she noticed a bombshell at thenfront desk chewing a wad of pink bubble gum typing on the computer.nOn her black name tag said, 'Barbie.' \"Miss…\" The blonde looked atnher and said, \"May I help you young lady?\" \"This is Diana Dormnright?\" \"You're in thenright place. Need help finding your room?\" \"No, that's fine.\"nSaid Rita. \"Don't forget aboutnthe welcome party here tonight.\" The blonde reminded her. \"Allnthe girls here are having a party to celebrate the new school year.\" \"I'll try to makenit.\" \"Wait sweetie! Do younhave your key?\" \"Oh I forgot.\" \"What's your roomnnumber?\" \"1408.\" Rita approached thendesk and claimed the key card from the woman. Rita went up thenelevator and went to the fourteenth floor. She went down for doors tonthe eighth room and slid the card into the slot. It was quiet in thenroom but it was pretty nice. There were three single beds and twonhalf walls dividing the territories. The one to the left was taken,nnicely set up. The bed sheets were plain and the equipment was nicelynset up. On the bed was a brunette wearing a hoodie and a tilly hat,nreading a book. \"Are you Rita?\" \"Yeah.\" Rita satndown on the middle bed. \"How do you know my name?\" \"The girl at thenfront said that when I asked her.\" \"Who's the thirdnroommate? \"I don't know. Indidn't ask.\" This girl looked like anvery plain person. She was wearing a blue sweatshirt and white hikingnpants. The book she was reading had Chinese symbols on the cover. Shenhad whiskers that people could see. There was a Canadian flagndisplayed on her wall, so Rita thought Canadian rodents had whiskersnothers could see. \"I'm so sorry. Inforgot to introduce myself. My names Kaylin, but call me Tilly.\" \"Are you fromnCanada?\" \"I just moved here anweek ago.\" \"Really?\" Ritanplaced her carry on the middle bed and sat down. \"How's Englandntreating you?\" \"I like it so far. Donyou know what sucks?\" \"What?\" \"How we can't seenthe beauty of up top without possibly getting killed.\" \"I know I hate that.\"nRita agreed. \"One of my best friends came from up top. He was oncena little girls pet.\" \"That's nice.\" \"He was so lonelynthough. He thought he had it all until he realized that he had no onento talk to. Good thing he's down here. He's never been happier.\" \"Is that the newnbartender?\" \"He is.\" A knock was heard onnthe door. \"THIS IS THE POLICE!nCOME OUT WITH YOUR HANDS UP!\" \"Relax.\" Said Rita.n\"Their just friends trying to fool me.\" She opened the door andnsaw Daisy, Sharon and Roddy. They came in without her invitation.nSharon was holding a twelve pack of Blue Ram. \"Thank you so much.\"nRita thanked. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Well we happened toncrash into each other on campus and we thought you could use somenhelp unpacking.\" \"Thank you. Get tonwork.\" Roddy zipped open anside pocket of her duffle and these weird looking panties came flyingnout. Curious, Roddy picked one up and observed it. One side was likenregular underwear but on the back was a string. Rita screamed innhorror, \"What are you doing?\" \"What in gods namenare these?\" Roddy asked. Rita grabbed the rest of them off thenfloor and threw them in the top drawer, then snatched the one fromnhis hands and hid it. \"I know what thosenare!\" Daisy squeaked. \"Their thongs!\" \"Rita…\" Sharonngasped in a teasing voice. \"You wear thongs?\" \"You influenced me tontry them Sharon!\" Rita snapped blushing. \"Roddy, how about younunpack my clothes, not my smalls.\" \"I'm sorry Rita.\"nHe went on to doing what she said. Rita opened another suitcase andntook out her bed sheets and pillows, setting them up on the bed notncaring about making it neat. Sharon and Daisy sat there and watched.nRoddy stopped after he felt something silky. He looked to see it wasna dress. \"My goodness.\" \"What?\" Ritanquestioned. \"I never thought younwore dresses.\" She saw him holding hernred homecoming dress. It was strapless with a floral lace blacknfabric around the waist. Rita got up and took it from him nicelynhanging it in the closet. \"Homecoming.\" Shenexplained. \"I told you I'd go.\" \"Now I remember.\" \"Try it on.\" SaidnTilly. \"I did that at thenstore.\" \"No silly! Put it onnand show us.\" \"I'm really notnsure.\" \"C'mon Rita!\"nDaisy begged. \"We never saw you in a dress before.\" Then she gavenRita that puppy dog face. Rita couldn't resist it when she didnthat, so she took the dress and agreed to show them. She stepped intonthe bathroom. Moments later, she came out. \"Are you happy now?\"nshe asked. Nobody said anything.nShe felt sheepish when she didn't get a respond right away. \"Say something…\"nshe said hiding her embarrassment. \"Tell the HomecomingnQueen to hide her crown or she's gonna lose it from you.\" SaidnDaisy. \"Where'd you getnthat from?\" Sharon asked. \"I just made it up.nRoddy you're a gent. What do you think?\" Roddy was petrified. Henjust stood there beside Rita's bed and didn't say a word to her.nRita walked up to him and snapped her finger in front of his wideneyes. \"It's gorgeous!\" He screamed it out ofnnowhere, giving Tilly who was lost in her thoughts a huge scare. Ritanblushed when he said that. Hiding his embarrassment, he smiled atnher. \"I think we met ournhomecoming queen.\" He said. \"Yeah. Me.\" They peered through thendoor to see Sasha standing there with a bagman pulling all hernluggage on a cart. The bags were all the same pattern, Louis Vitonnstyle, only pink and \"SM\" rather than \"LV\" and they came innall shapes and sizes. Rita rolled her eyes annoyed. \"Girl, nobody willnwant to be friends with you if you act like a princess.\" \"I am a princess.\"nSasha smirked. \"Hi Roddy.\" She greeted him suddenly with a sweetninnocent child. \"In your dreams.\"nRita spat. Slightly angry Sashanreplied, \"Just know Malone, that crown is mine.\" \"Have it. I don'tnwant it.\" \"I don't know ansingle girl like you who does. The ugly store called. They want thatndress back.\" \"Like you havenanything better?\" \"Rita that'snenough!\" Roddy snapped. \"Your dad broughtnalong a substitute?\" Sasha got down on the floor.n\"R.O.T.F.L.M.A.O.\" \"For your informationnyou dumb blonde!\" Sharon raged. \"That's the new bartender. He'snRita's first mate as well.\" \"I think I knownthat.\" Said Sasha. \"Caution! Blondenthinking. Duck and cover! Duck and cover!\" Sharon and Daisynstarted laughing. \"R.O.T.F.L.M.A.O!\"nDaisy giggled hardly breathing. \"For your informationnSharon, you're blonde too.\" \"Yeah but I'm not angirly girl. My advice? Be like Rita and you'll pass.\" As the three girlsnargued, Rita pulled Roddy into the empty space of the room. \"We need to talk.\"nShe said. \"About what?\" henasked. \"Sasha.\" \"What has she everndone to you?\" \"You slow dance withnher once and suddenly you're on her side?\" \"It's not what younthink.\" \"Listen to me Rod.\"nRita took a deep breath. \"You know I have a temper problem. Justnpromise me you won't be friends with her.\" \"Why?\" \"She's a Maneater.nShe goes out on dates with guys so they can fall in love with her sonshe can break their hearts. That's how she gets her power. There'sna whole club of people that have been traumatized by her, most ofnthem men. Just promise me you won't speak to her.\" \"Is that really allntrue?\" he asked surprised. \"Yes.\" \"Then I'll listennto you.\" \"Thank you.\" Shensaid giving him a hug. When Sasha saw him put his hands on Rita'snhips she walked over. \"Sorry were yountalking about me?\" Roddy asked. \"You know who I am.\"nShe sneered. \"So are you going to take me to homecoming?\" \"I don't think so.\" \"Excuse me?\" \"Just because henflirted with you and slow dance with you at a drinking party dosentnmean he likes you.\" Rita explained. \"I never really likednyou.\" Roddy confessed. \"Your patheticnanyway.\" \"What did you saynabout him?\" Rita snapped approaching Sasha. \"You say somethingnlike that about him and your dead.\" \"Sure.\" Rita said nothing.nStanding there in Sashas face slapped her in the jaw and went intonthe bathroom to take off the dress.[Chapter 7] Tilly'snalarm clock went off, beeping silently in her ear. She woke up andnsmiled. It was the first day of her senior year. She dressed andnfreshened up. Rita and Sasha were still asleep in bed. Ritas face wasnburied in the pillow as usual. Rita didn't snore, but Tilly couldnhear her breathe from where she was standing. She pushed Rita andnsaid, \"Get up.\" \"No mum…\"nRita moaned. \"I'm notnyour mother. But you need to get up.\" \"Five morenminutes…\" \"Schoolnbegins in a half hour.\" When Ritanrefused to move, Tilly grabbed her legs and attempted to pull hernawake. Rita grabbed onto the bars of her bed. \"That'snit.\" Rita wokensuddenly. \"How longnhave you been standing there?\" Rita asked. \"As long asnit took to wake you up. We have to be in class in a half hour. I'mngonna wake up Sasha.\" \"You'renjoking right? Don't please. Let her be late.\" Rita brushednher hair and tied it back in the usual ponytail. Then she pulled outna black shirt with a grey heart, with stitches in the center. Hernpants went down to her ankles and they were slightly skinny. Therenwas a crown on one leg and it said \"Diana Forever\". She for oncendidn't choose to wear her boots but her new Union Jack flats. Thennshe grabbed her Union Jack tote and rushed out the door. She wasnrecognized by a lot of people in the hall. She was socializing with anfew guy friends when the bell rang. Her first class was Algebra; farnby her worst subject ever. She sat down and relaxed. She didn'tnneed it anyway. Then a familiar figure came in. Rita crossed hernfingers as he looked at the seating chart. Then he came and satnbehind her. \"Surprising,nseeing you here Rita.\" It was Abraham. Rita rolled her eyes justnhearing that voice. She had to talk to him until he found out shendidn't like him. \"Uh yeah,nsure is.\" She replied faking a smile. \"So you likenalgebra. Me too.\" \"I don't likenit. Its required here.\" She smirked. \"Besides, I'm horrible atnit.\" \"Really? Cause Inget one hundred percent on every math test I took.\" \"Really.\" Ritanwas not impressed. \"You don't look like a smart guy.\" More like a dumbnjock. \"A lot of peoplensay that.\" He laughed. \"Maybe I can tutor you.\" \"I'll thinknabout it.\" She turned her back as Ms. King, the teacher stepped in. \"Class enoughnfooling around; its class time and we have a test on Friday.\" Rita nearly fellnasleep. Ms. King was like any other math teacher, except she talkednabout nothing but math. She never spoke of anything else. When thenbell rang, Rita settled into Up Top Survival class. Sharon and Daisynwere in class with her. They sat at their own table. They werenlaughing at all the things the teacher was talking about. \"Ms. Malone…\"nthe tall teacher approached her, stick in hand. \"So you thinkngetting eaten by a snake is funny?\" \"I was justntelling Daisy how terrifying it was.\" Rita lied. \"I was thinkingnabout something funny.\" \"Would you carento share with the class?\" \"No Miss.\" \"Next time youngoof off, your coming to the front to tell the class all your amusingnjokes.\" \"Ok.\" At lunch, Rita sat withnSharon and Daisy of course… and their boyfriends Jesse and Luigi.nThey were eating tadpoles and drinking Blue Ram when Abraham joinednthem, sitting next to Rita. Rita ignored him, drinking her daily dozenof caffeine. \"So your single Intake it.\" He said. \"How can yountell?\" \"I just don'tnget how a hot girl like you doesn't have an arm around her.\" \"Ok what do younwant?\" \"To be yournboyfriend.\" The wordsnslipped out smoothly like Abe knew what he was doing. Rita wasnshocked. Sharon and Daisy were squealing. \"Say yes…\"nDaisy mumbled. \"Say yes.\" \"No.\" saidnRita. \"C'monnRita. First appearances aren't everything.\" Luigi wasnright. Rita never gave Abe a chance and began to feel bad. \"Fine.\" Ritangrowled. \"Only because I feel bad.\" \"I'll picknyou up on Saturday then?\" \"Fine.\" She walked awaynand threw away her food. After schoolnwere tryouts for the girl's football team. Football was part ofnRita's life. Sharon and Daisy played too. They sat on the bench inntheir gym clothes waiting impatiently for the coach. \"Where isnshe?\" Sharon growled. \"If I don't kick a ball soon…\" \"Abe'sncoming!\" Daisy shouted. Rita saw himndragging a bag of balls with him and a pile of cones as well. \"You got to benkidding me.\" She rolled her eyes. \"What is he doing here?\" \"Excuse me.\"nShe didn't notice Abraham was in front of her. \"I'm the coachnof the woman's soccer team.\" \"In Europenwe call it football.\" Rita corrected hiding her embarrassment. \"In America,nits called soccer. Now heres the deal ladies. No matter how bad younare, you'll still be on the team. There will be players andnbenchwarmers too. Now show me what you babes got. Jog around thenfield.\" He blew hisnwhistle and the girls began to run. After they jogged for tennminutes, they got the balls and cones out. Abraham was impressed withnall of them, but he liked Rita the most. She didn't miss a singlengoal, or as a goalie, let any ball get past her. The tryouts wereneasy for them and at the end, Abraham had great news. \"No benchwarmersnfor this team.\" He said. \"You all did an amazing job and I saw anlot of effort. On the athletics bulletin tomorrow are your positionsnposted.\" Rita listened asnshe chugged her water bottle. She thought that he would give her thencenter position, and she didn't want that to happen. She went backnto her dorm, did her homework and took a shower. After she relaxed innthe hot steamy goodness of the hot water, she wrapped a towel aroundnherself. Then she opened the mirror cupboard to get her toothbrush.nWhen she slammed it, her toothbrush slipped out of her hand. Le Toadnwas staring at her through the mirror. \"Jesus Christ!\"nshe gasped. She looked down and saw blood, oozing out of the bathtubnlike lava from a volcano. \"So? Enjoyingnyour life without me?\" She turnednaround and saw him sitting in the bathtub. He was bathing in rat'snblood, naked laughing like a monster he was. Rita said nothing. Shenblinked and he was gone. The floor was sparkly clean and the bathtubnwas empty. Rita fainted. Hours later shenfound herself in bed wearing warm clothes and laying on a towel. \"You'renawake!\" It was Tilly's voice. She looked to see Roddy, Tilly,nSharon and Daisy right there beside her with the school nurse. \"Whatnhappened?\" Roddy asked. \"I foundnher passed out in the bathroom.\" Said Tilly. \"She was soaked andnfreezing.\" \"Rita whatnhappened?\" Daisy asked. \"I passednout.\" Rita moaned simply. \"Yeah butnwhy did you pass out?\" Sharon asked. \"I don'tnknow.\" Rita lied. \"Maybe it was the school lunch.\" \"Or maybe itnwas too much Blue Ram.\" Said Roddy. \"I only hadnone today.\" She said. \"You hungrynRita?\" Tilly asked. \"Can I make you anything?\" \"Just anlittle.\" Said Rita feeling her head. \"What am I wearing?\" \"That's mynold nightgown. Your pajamas weren't warm enough. What can I getnyou?\" \"Surprisenme.\" Said Rita. \"Is shengonna be able to come to school tomorrow?\" Sharon asked. \"I'm notnone hundred percent sure.\" Said the nurse. \"She'll be finenafter a long rest.\" The door camenslamming open. It was Abraham. \"How didnyou get here?\" Roddy asked a little rudely. \"Your doornwas open.\" Abe growled. \"Move over.\" He kneeledndown by Rita's bed and stroked her hair. She pulled away from himnimmediately turning to the other side of the bed. \"Somebody's tired.\" He said. \"Her hairs still wet.\" \"Shenlikes it air dried.\" Said Daisy. Roddy bentnover and felt her skin. \"Its coldnas ice.\" He said. \"I'mngoing to be just fine.\" Said Rita. \"You people worry.\" \"You couldnhave had a heart attack. Chances were you'd have to go to thenhospital.\" Said the nurse. The microwave beeped and Tilly gave Ritanhalf a shrimp. Roddy stood her up in bed as the nurse watched hernlike a hawk. \"Eat that right now.\" Rita couldnonly wonder why she saw what she saw. When she was finished eating,nshe went to sleep.[Chapter 8] Sharonnwaited impatiently for Rita at the athletics bulletin board. She readna copy of Stephen Kings classic, Carrie while she waited. \"Sorry Inkept you here.\" \"Nonproblem.\" Said Sharon. Rita looked at the list explaining thenpositions of the girls on her team. She was named captain, centernfield. \"Congrats captain.\" \"Thanknyou.\" Said Rita cheerlessly. \"What'snthe matter?\" \"Abrahams the coach. That's the matter.\" \"Hownis that a problem?\" \"Inmean, what if he put that there to make me happy so I'd enjoyntomorrows date?\" \"Henposted it there because you were good. Every coach you had made youncaptain not because you were pretty but because you are good.\" \"Yes,nwell, I wasn't dating any of them. Don't you find it embarrassingnthat our coach is in love with me?\" \"He'snour age right?\" Sharon pointed out putting away her book. \"Yeah Inknow it's weird that a student is doing a teachers job, but let'snjust give him a chance.\" The girlsnwalked away still talking. \"Readynfor the party tonight?\" \"I'mnalways ready.\" Said Rita. \"It's going to be so fun.\" Everynyear, Diana Dorm had a party to welcome their students. Rita was anparty animal, defiantly thinking about going. They were going tonserve pop, have a DJ and give candy to the girls. It was like anninformal homecoming for girls only. In algebranclass, as Ms. King was speaking, Abraham tapped Rita's shoulder. \"There'sna game tonight.\" He said. \"Practice is after school.\" \"What?\"nRita hissed. \"There's a party were all going to.\" \"I'mnsorry but tonight's the only night I could get a game. Were playingna Germen school.\" \"You'renjoking right?\" said Rita. \"Because you know very well that wenwill lose. Their world champions.\" \"Were gonnanget em.\" He said confidence in his voice. \"Captain.\" \"Ritanand Abraham…\" Ms. King stepped toward them. \"What are younmumbling on about?\" \"Nothing\"nsaid Rita. \"It'snbusiness.\" \"One morenword out of either of you and you can discuss your business in thenprinciples office.\" Rita ignorednAbraham for the rest of class. On the waynto gym class, Rita was confronted by Hayden, the schools biggestnnerd. He struggled to keep up as his backpack weighed him down. \"Rita!nRita wait!\" Ritanturned around and rolled her eyes. \"Oh no…\" \"Rita...nThank you, you heard me.\" \"Classnis in three minutes.\" Rita growled faking a smile. \"What do younwant?\" \"Well,nI was actually hoping you d-d-don't have a date for homecoming.\"nHe began to quiver as he spoke. Rita could see sweat running throughnhis fir. She watched as he wiped his face with a cloth. He continued.n\"W-w-would you like t-t-t-to go with m-m-m-me.\" Rita didnnot like this guy. Not just because he was a nerd, he was a slightnpervert and too short for her taste. She wanted to say no but didn'tnwant to hurt him. \"Well…\" \"Hey you!nNerd!\" Abraham was approaching them, his fists clenched. \"You'renflirting with my girlfriend!\" He pickednup Hayden by his collar shirt and looked him in the eye. \"Didn'tnyou hear that she's my girlfriend?\" he snapped. \"How wasnI supposed to know?\" Hayden cried in fear. \"I wrotenabout it in my blog!\" \"Abraham, stop!\" Rita yelled. He didn't hear her. \"Abraham,nput him down!\" The tonenof her voice made Abraham turn his head at her. \"Whatndid you say?\" \"He maynhave asked me out but you don't have to get yourself suspendedntelling him that!\" She wasnright. Abraham put Hayden down and dusted the wrinkles off his shirt \"Sorrynkid…\" Haydenndidn't forgive him. Instead, he ran away in tears. All the popularnkids, minus Rita were laughing. HOOKEDHOOKEDHOOKED \"Hendid what?\" Sharon gasped. \"Insaw it happen.\" Said Rita. \"He has a serious anger problem.\" \"Quitenlike yours.\" Theynwere in the girl's locker room changing for gym. \"Didnyou warn him about my temper problem?\" \"Inforgot.\" Said Sharon. \"But I'll let him know for sure. So arenyou feeling any better?\" \"Infeel as if nothing happened last night.\" Said Rita tying her shoenlaces. \"That'sngreat.\" Inngym, the girls were playing volleyball. Rita and Sharon were good atnit but Sasha was better. As she slammed her wrist against the ball,nthe ball aimed for them like a cannon. Sharon was hit on the headnseveral times and Sasha seemed to think it was funny. Until it wasnRita's turn to serve. Sasha was hit in the head so hard she fell.nRita and Sharon slapped hands and laughed. Then she heard Ms. Collinsnwhistle. \"Malone!\" \"Ohngod…\" Thengym teacher warned that if she purposely hurt another girl in classnagain, she'd get a detention. When Rita changed back into hernclothes, Sasha came walking up her bra exposed through her whitensweater. \"Younthought that was funny didn't you?\" she snapped. \"Takenit easy.\" Said Rita. \"I didn't start the volleyball war here.\" \"ListennMalone!\" \"Calmndown!\" Rita snapped. \"It was your fault and you know it.\" \"Angirl with thirty seven younger siblings thinks she's better thannme.\" Sasha told her crew. When she turned her head to look at Ritanagain, she felt a fist hit her in the jaw. Rita was dead now.nFortunately, Sasha wasn't bleeding. Her tribe bent down to see ifnshe was ok as she got up. \"I don't think I'mnbetter than you Sasha,\" said Rita firmly. \"I know I'm betternthan you.\" Rightnthen, Ms. Collins walked in. \"Whatnin gods name happened to you!\" she asked Sasha scared. \"Her!\"nSasha pointed at Rita. \"Whynam I not surprised?\" Ms. Collins asked. \"Rita, come with me.\" Sharonnput her hand on Rita's shoulder. \"You'llnbe ok.\" She said. Rita smiled, nodded and followed Ms. Collins tonthe principles office. Henwasn't surprised either to see her. \"Welcomenback, Ms. Malone… sit down.\" Thenprincipal of PCA, Mr. Krabs was crazy when it came to decorations.nThere were neon lights on the walls and pink slugs on his desk. Hisnchair looked inviting, but when Rita sat down in her chair, she feltnher back start to itch. \"Firstnof all, welcome back.\" \"AmnI expelled or not?\" Rita asked cutting to the chase. \"Usuallynwe expel students for using violence in any area on campus. But younhad a rough year, with that man and…\" \"Howndo you do about that?\" \"Yournfather called me and told me you'd have to skip a year. It wasnfamily business.\" \"Hownis that an excuse though to skip a whole year?\" \"Younhad a stressful year.\" He reminded her. \"So you will not benexpelled, or suspended.\" \"Thanknyou sir.\" As she got up to leave he stopped her. \"Wait!nI'm not done, Rena.\" \"It'snRita.\" \"Younwill be punished. Tomorrow, six in the morning, the track field.nYou'll meet Ms. Collins there. Bring your own lunch.\" \"Saturday?nBut I need to sleep in!\" \"Indon't care about your weekend plans Riva.\" \"Rita!\" \"Sonsorry,\" he mumbled. \"It ends at three.\" \"Ninenhours of detention?\" \"Hopefullynyou'll learn a valuable lesson about violence from those ninenhours, Ms. Rita.\" \"Younknow what? I disserve it.\" \"Younmay go now.\" Withoutnanother word, Rita left. Now,nhere, here, here's a team to sing about. Itnreally makes you want to cheer and shout. Thenwill is there to help us win the game. Goodnsportsmanship will always be our every aim. Justnwatch and see us do our very best. Tonseparate our team from all the rest. And,nin the end we'll have a hundred goals. Go,nEngland, Go! \"Welcomenfootball fans to the first women's football game of the year.nToday, our beloved varsity team is playing Germany.\" The moderatornyelled through the microphone at the commentary booth. Thenfootball field was surrounded with fans. Half was waving England, thenother half holding Germany flags. Many England fans had their UnionnJack attire on and some girls sprayed their hair a different colorsnin their hair. Middle school cheerleaders, including Rita sisternAnnie were cheering and getting all England fans into the spirit.nMost Germany fans had their face pained black, red and yellow. Ritanwalked onto the field to meet the German team captain. She wasn'tnvery nice when Rita pulled out her hand to shake. Like any othernperson, Rita was a little upset that she didn't care about goodnsportsmanship. The referee tossed the ball in the air and Rita got anhold of it, passing it to Daisy who was wide open. As the game wentnon, Roddy entered the stadium and sat down with Jesse and Luigi. \"Watch,nour girls are playing.\" Said Jess. \"GonDaisy, I love you baby!\" Luigi yelled. \"What'snthe score?\" \"Nonscore for either team.\" Said Jesse. \"But I do know their going tonkill us.\" \"Justnbecause the human England team hardly makes the world cup doesn'tnaffect the way these girls play.\" \"True.\"nSaid Jesse. \"But those Germen babes, they use expensive technologynto make themselves better.\" \"ButnRita's on the field. So far, she's not letting them have thenball.\" \"Shenis pretty good.\" They were interrupted by the cheering Germens. \"Theynscored.\" \"Wellnwhat did you expect St. James?\" Atnthe halfway buzzer, the score was England, 2, Germany 5. Rita and thenothers listened to the coach as she was chugging down Gatorade. \"Werendown by three. I want to see four scores from you, zero from them.nAlright ladies. Rita, stay close to their goal and wait for the ball.nYou'll score.\" \"HeynRita.\" Said Sharon. \"I saw Roddy out there. He's counting onnyou.\" Thenbuzzer went off. Rita was determined to prove that her team couldnoutshine the Germans. As the ball was served, she chased after it.nShe kicked it away from the German girl who previously had it andnkicked it to Daisy, who passed it to Becky who scored. \"Wow!\"nthe moderator yelled. \"Did you see that?\" \"C'monnladies! Play!\" Abraham huffed. \"PLAY!\" Thencheerleaders were jumping and banging their pom poms together.nEngland always got a hold of the ball after Germanys every greatnattempts. Therenwere ten seconds left. The teams were tied, five to five. \"Foulnball! England gets to serve. Attempting to score the goal is numbernseventeen, Rita Malone!\" Thenreferee tossed the ball to Rita who stood in front of the enemy'sngoal. It was a free shot. \"Looknat me.\" Said the German girl. \"The goals shrinking and I'mngrowing.\" Rita'sneyebrows lowered in annoyance. She wondered how such mean girls couldnwin all the time. The clock went off. Over five hundred thousand eyesnwere on her now. She stood there like a statue. \"Comenon sweetheart!\" Abraham groaned. \"Kick the ball.\" Five…nfour… three… Rita slammed the ball against her toes and watchednit fly. Before the goalie could catch it, it crashed landed into thennet. England won! The first half of the crowed went insane, ringingnbells and cheering. All Rita's teammates ran up to her, screamingnand jumping around like they did. Rita was pretty surprised to hearnthat they beat Germany, world champions on only their first game. \"Whatndid I tell you?\" Abraham. \"Did I tell you in class today thatnwe'd win?\" Ritanwas about to reply when he picked her up by the shoulders. Thenteammates followed them out of the stadium where fans were waiting.nRoddy cut through. Rita jumped off and walked up to him. \"Sonnice of you to come.\" She said. \"Thengame was against Germany. You ladies needed all the support you couldnget.\" \"That'snfor sure.\" Said Abraham. \"How's it going St. James?\" \"It'snall going well.\" \"Good.\" \"Rita,nRita!\" Daisy jumped on her. \"You know what time it is?\" \"Partyntime?\" \"Werenonly an hour late.\" Said Sharon giggling. \"Besides,\" saidnRita. \"I doubt anyone's there yet. Let's get back, I'mnexhausted.\" Ritanjumped on Daisy's shoulders and rode off. \"She'sna great young lady.\" Said Abraham. \"Uh-oh,ndon't call her young lady, she hates that.\" Roddy warned. \"Whynnot?\" \"Shenhas a temper issue\" \"AsnI've witnessed.\" Said Abraham, his hands behind his back. \"Younhave?\" \"Ohnyeah, bro. And I see what you mean.\" Roddynlooked at his watch. \"Inneed to leave. The bar opens in ten minutes.\" \"Laternbro.\" AsnRoddy looked away, he looked back at Abraham who was staring directlynat him. Something was wrong with him. Abrahamsngreen eyes filled all the white areas and his pupils became longernand thinner. He stuck out his tongue. It was skinny and it made anslithering sound. But what scared Roddy the most was his grin. Itnbegan to remind him of… a snake. For a moment, he had a feeling innhis stomach, before walking away as if he never saw that. He had tontell Rita.[Chapter 9] The alarm went off.nRita refused to wake up, as AC/DC's song, \"Hells Bells\" blazednthrough the hall. It woke up Sasha who turned it off and yelled,n\"Wake up Rita!\" \"No.\" the sleepingnbeauty mumbled. \"Let me handlenthis.\" Said Tilly. She pulled Rita out of bed and placed her in thenshower. Then she turned the cold knob on. Rita woke up screaming. \"Cold!\" \"You'll benswimming in cold water anyway.\" Said Tilly. \"Now get over therenbefore its eighteen hours of detention.\" In her gymnshorts, Rita waited by the track field for Ms. Collins. She wasn'tnvery happy about having to wake up at five thirty in the morning.nMiss Collins wasn't too happy either. \"I'm reallyndisappointed in you, Rita.\" She said. \"I warned you very brieflynnot to harm anyone, and what do you do?\" \"Indon't harm people without a reason.\" Rita defended. \"Itndoesn't matter why you did it.\" Ms. Collins snapped. \"Runnaround the track field four times without stopping.\" AsnRita ran, she wondered why Ms. Collins hated her still. Was she stillnnot over the death of her husband? Rita was with him when he died andnever since, Ms. Collins believed that Rita wasn't generous andnhated her for not calling the police. Mr. Collins was Ritas old swimncoach, who she met when she was thirteen. \"Don'tnstop Malone!\" Ms. Collins roared. Rita was trying her hardest notnto stop and she felt lactic acid fermentation burn inside hernmuscles. Her pulse rate and heartbeat greatly increased. She wasnlistening to an energetic song on her MP3 that kept her on track.nWhen she finished, Ms. Collins brought walls that Rita had to jumpnover. \"Do it again,\" she said. \"And don't fall.\" Rita did.nAn hour passed and they went on to football. \"Now, after lastnnights game, you should do this correct. Pretend there's a Germannat the net.\" Ritanraced across the field with the ball rolling every second. For thennext seven hours, Rita played Tennis, had lunch, played basketball,ngymnastics, baseball and swimming. It was exactly three when shenfinished. The poor girl was tired. \"Nicenjob.\" Said Ms. Collins. \"You could have avoided this though.nBecause of you, I missed a chance to sleep in. Why did you do it?\" \"Thatnis between me and her.\" Said Rita. \"WellnI wish to know.\" Ritansighed. \"Mynfamily lived in a shack. I had to miss a year of school to help themnearn money. I have thirty seven siblings, incase if you didn'tnknow, more Malones will come to your gym class, so be prepared. AndnSasha insulted me for being a scavenger. That's why I hit her.\" \"That'snno excuse.\" Said Ms. Collins. \"Butnit's the truth.\" Said Rita. \"Didn't you know about my angernproblem? I wrote it down in the forms you made us write on the firstnday.\" \"You'rena senior,\" said Miss Collins. \"You should be able to controlnyourself.\" \"Inknow.\" Said Rita annoyed. \"Now if you excuse me, I have a datentonight and I need seep.\" \"Who'snthe unlucky man?\" \"Thenpresident of six packs.\" Rita sneered, walking away. Ritanslouched in Daisy's fluffy pink chair. \"Indon't see why this is a huge deal.\" She argued. \"Rita,non a date, you have to look pretty. That way, he'll ask you outnagain.\" \"Whatnif I don't want him to ask me out again?\" she asked. Sharonngasped. \"Youndon't like him?\" \"Whynnot?\" Daisy asked. \"He'snhandsome and everything… but he's a jerk. Sharon, don't younremember what I told you?\" \"Abrahamnwasn't the only guy that yelled at Hayden Michaels. He's beennbeaten by jocks many times before.\" \"Whyndo you even care about him? He's nerd.\" \"Andnan absolutely disgusting pervert.\" \"Inknow.\" Said Rita. \"I was going to reject him myself but Abrahamndid it for me. I don't like it when men do me favors without menasking them.\" \"I'mnglad you're giving Abraham a chance.\" Said Sharon taking hernhairbrush. \"After all it was the first time you got asked out.\"nShe ran it through Rita's loose hair. \"Indidn't have any choice.\" Said Rita. \"You talked me into it…\" \"Rita…\"nDaisy asked. \"Can I ask you something?\" \"Whatnis it?\" \"AboutnRoddy.\" \"Asknaway.\" Forna moment, Daisy didn't speak. \"Donyou have feelings for him?\" Thenroom went silent. Sharon stopped brushing and Daisy stopped ironing. \"No.\"nsaid Rita. \"He's my first mate. It'd be so odd.\" \"SorrynI asked.\" Said Daisy. \"I finished ironing the dresses.\" Thenchoices were a strapless pink, a yellow wrap dress and a green halternwith thin straps. Rita choose the green one. It was like Ashley'snin the film Disturbia , an aqua green color that went down tonher knees. Sharon put Rita's hair in a ponytail. \"Inthink you Union Jack flats would be perfect.\" She said. Theynheard a knock on the door. Rita sighed and rolled her eyes. \"Whennhe see's you, smile and be nice.\" Said Daisy. Rita chuckled. \"Instill don't like him.\" Rita reminded them. \"Getnthe door.\" Sharon sneered. Rita got up and pulled the door open.nAbraham stood there, in one of his chest baring shirts and baggynjeans, holding flowers. \"Wow,nRita you look…\" \"Girly?\" \"No.nYou look amazing. How come you don't like dresses?\" He handed hernthe flowers. \"Thanks.\"nShe said accepting them. She placed them on the counter. \"Where arenwe going? A movie?\" \"No,nthat's not what I planned, but hey, if it goes well, we can headnover to my place and watch a horror movie. We're going to thenComedy House and later were going to the House of Blues for dinner.\" \"Mynfriend Roddy works there. Maybe he can give us a discount.\" Theyngot into a deep conversation as they walked out of Diana. \"Yournbrother, Seamus I believe is performing tonight.\" \"Henwas always the clown in our family.\" Said Rita with a giggle.n\"Every sibling has a different talent. My mum has the mostnbeautiful voice and my dad can build a boat in only a day.\" \"Whatnabout you?\" he asked. \"Football I suppose.\" \"Actually,nno.\" said Rita. \"I'm a scavenger.\" \"Ansavage?\" \"No.nA scavenger looks for treasure in dangerous places. That's what myndad and I do. I've been doing it since I was eight.\" \"Younknow, most girls are talented at singing and athletics.\" \"Younsaw me play. But you'll never hear me sing.\" \"Butnwith a mother with a pretty voice, shouldn't it come downngenetically?\" \"Itnhas on many of my sisters, but not me.\" Whennthey got to the Comedy House, the place was jammed with teachers andnsenior students. Abraham got them front row seats. As Rita slouchedninto her chair, Abraham put his arm around her. Somebodynput a bell him, she thought. \"Ladiesnand gentlemen… I give you Junior Highs class clown, Seamus Malone!\" Ritanput her fingers in her mouth and whistled. It ran through the entirenroom. \"Hownyou doing today folks? Your probably thinking, 'Hey little guy, youngot any jokes'?\" he pulled out a funny looking puppet and spokenfor it without moving his mouth. \"Shutnup!\" the puppet yells. \"SonEric, are you happy to be here?\" Seamus asked. \"Ohnoverjoyed!\" Eric the dummy yells. \"Last week I was observingnBuckingham Palace wondering, should I stay in beautiful up top Londonnor go to smelly Ratropolis? I can die happy now!\" Therenwere chuckles from the audience. Later in the show, Abraham left tonuse the restroom. \"Sitnyou butt down you ginger! This is a public audience!\" Ericnscreamed. \"Ya think he's gone to take a piss?\" \"Indon't know. \"We'll wait!\" Ericsnhead was turned towards the bathroom door. The other jokes Seamus andnEric told were funny. After the show, they walked into the House ofnBlues. All the tables were full. They waited by the bar with anblinker that would go off. There was a man with brown hair creating andrink for the punk rocker on the end of the bar stools. The moment henturned and gave the rock star her Coke, Rita caught his eye. Abrahamnput his arm around her. \"CannI help you?\" the bartender asked. He was wearing a simple blacknshirt and a pair of jeans. \"EllonRoddy. Getting along?\" Rita asked. Roddy starred. \"Sorry.nI just never imagined you wearing a dress.\" He said. \"Sharonnand Daisy forced me.\" Roddynchuckled. \"BluenRam I take it?\" \"Yesnplease.\" \"Actually.\"nSaid Abraham. \"Take that back and give us two Frosties.\" \"It'snreally addictive. Are you sure?\" \"Positive.\"nAbraham gave him a wink. Roddy shrugged and got out two glass cups,nfilling them up with a frosty white fluid, gripping onto a handlenthat looked like a snowman. \"Thank you sir.\" Said Abraham. Ritannervously took her drink and watch Abraham as he took a huge gulp. Henwiped the drink off his lips. Rita took a tiny sip and placed itndown. Her face turned green for a second. \"Nownif you excuse me, I have to take a piss.\" \"Anwhat?\" Rita asked. \"Inthink its American for using the restroom.\" Said Roddy. \"Quickly,nthrow this in the sink and give me the cup.\" \"Goodncall.\" Roddyndumped the drink into the sink and placed the cup on the counter, \"Wenneed to talk.\" He said. \"Aboutnwhat?\" \"Abraham.\" \"Isnsomething wrong?\" \"Lastnnight at the game when I said goodbye to him, his face began tonchange.\" \"What?\"nRita asked confused. \"Inknow it sounds foolish, but I know what I saw. There's somethingnwrong with that guy.\" \"Whatndid you see?\" Roddynbent over and whispered loudly, \"He had snake eyes and his tonguengot thinner and longer. You might not believe me. But I know what Insaw. Rita…\" he sighed. \"I know you really love him.\" \"NonI don't. I'm dating him for the team.\" She said. \"Wellnwhatever reason, get away from him, before he does something terriblento you.\" \"Sweetheart!\"nRita turned and saw Abraham, walking out of the boy's bathroom.n\"Our tables ready. I see you loved your frosty.\" Ritangot up without saying goodbye to Roddy and followed Abraham to annempty table. She yawned as she sat down. \"Tired?\" \"Youncould say that.\" Said Rita scratching her eye. \"I had to wake upnat six for nine hours of detention.\" \"GoodnGod, what did you do?\" \"Inpunched Sasha in the face.\" Said Rita with pride. \"Whynwould you do that?\" \"Shenwas asking for it. She hates me because I come from a huge family.\" \"Incant believe you have thirty seven siblings. I don't have any!\" \"Mustnbe great sometimes.\" Said Rita. \"I love them, but for once, Injust want some peace and quiet. I can't afford that at home.\" \"Childrennwrestling, mother cooking, grandma singing…\" \"Myngrad mum.\" Rita started. \"Thinks that Roddy is Tom Jones!\" \"Shendoes?\" \"Thenmoment she saw him she screamed, 'Oh it's Tom Jones'!\" Abrahamnstarted laughing. \"Ofnall the girls I dated, I never met a woman so interesting.\" Hensaid. \"Wellnthere's been a lot going on in my life.\" Said Rita. \"I didn'tnhave a relaxing summer.\" \"Whynnot?\" \"Inreally can't talk about it.\" Said Rita. She opened the menu andnbrowsed through the pasta dishes as she took a sip of her water. Whennthey got their food, the conversation changed. \"Didnyou notice that some students we not at the game but guarding thenPrince Charles statue?\" \"Yeah.nThe Germens tend vandalize it. Paint it yellow, black and red.\"nRita explained. \"Because one year, our school; went to Germany forna game and they painted their statue Union Jack. It was pretty funnynbut still mean.\" Roddynwatched from the counter. He couldn't hear them as the singernMaggie McLinske, the singer that night was screaming through thenmicrophone in her Avril Lavigne voice. When Abraham paid the bill, hennoticed him stop Rita as she got up. \"Inhad a great time.\" He said. Rita smiled. \"Rita, I really likenyou.\" \"Isnthat why you made me captain?\" \"Inmade you captain because you're a great soccer player.\" He tooknher hands. \"And of all the girls I dated, I like you the best.nYou're unique. That's what I've been looking for.\" He paused.n\"My roommate is gone tonight, so I was hoping maybe you could comento my dorm and watch a scary movie with me.\" \"Inlike scary movies.\" Said Rita. \"Good.\"nAbraham bent down and kissed her on the lips. It took her bynsurprise. It looked like she was about to pull away but she closednher eyes and returned the favor, putting her arms around his neck.nRoddy watched with confused eyes. He was confused. Was he jealous?nThe thought made him lose focus on his work. He knocked downnsomebody's Coke frustrated. \"Let'sngo.\" Said Abraham. He took Rita's hand and walked out. He glarednat Roddy as he escorted a hypnotized girl out of the club. Whennthey arrived to the dorm, he picked up Rita and carried her up thenstairs and in his room. For three and a half hours, they drank BluenRam and watched Snakes HatenChocolate . It was a horrific versionnof Chocolate and the ChocolatenFactory with the same actors. \"Goodnmovie huh?\" he said. After hearing no respond, he looked to see shenwas sleeping. He picked her up again, carried her away from the couchnand placed her in his bed. He pulled the covers over her and kissednher on the cheek.[Chapter 10] Ritanforgot that she was spending the night at Abrahams. She almostnpanicked the moment she opened her eyes to see a Marilyn Mansonnposter on the ceiling rater than a White Lipped Beans poster. Shensprang out of bed to see she was still in Daisies dress. Even hernshoes were still on. She began to leave. Abraham was sleeping on thencouch bare chested. Around his neck was this strange necklace. Ritancrept closer to observe it. It was a gold snake looped in a ring. Whynwas this guy wearing a snake? Didn't he know that snakes ate mice?nHe rolled over. Rita jumped back. She sighed with relief when hendidn't wake up. She left, without saying good bye or even leaving annote. But what scared Ritanmore was the sight of the police cars in front of her dorm. She sawnparamedics drag outside. What happened? She walked over to all thengirls who lived in the dorm who were crying and panicking at the samentime. Most of them were still in their pajamas. She saw OfficernCollins. \"What happened innthere?\" \"Where have younbeen?\" he asked. He grabbed her wrist. \"Come in.\" He escorted her acrossnthe danger zone and made her go back to her dorm room. \"Now what you'llnsee will be disturbing.\" He warned. \"But you must know thentruth.\" He opened the door.nRita walked in. Two other policemen were there and Tilly was on thenfloor having a mental breakdown. One of the officers was holding whatnlooked like a small coat. She noticed a body in Sasha's bed. \"Your roommate,nSasha was murdered last night.\" Even though Ritanalways hated Sasha, she felt guilty. \"She was skinned.\"nCollins explained. \"Well I can seenthat, with her body on the bed and all her organs falling out. Whondid this?\" Rita asked. \"We don't know.\"nSaid Collins. \"But you will have to pack up and move out.\" \"Where am I supposednto stay?\" Rita snapped. \"That's not ournproblem.\" Said Collins. Rita looked to see the \"coat\" the copnwas holding was Sasha's skin. The killer left it behind. Ritanapproached the bed to see something silver and shiny. She picked itnup. It was a hook… \" If yountell anybody about this nightmare, all of this will come true.\" \" And if Inkeep it quiet?\" LenToad did it. Who else could it have been? But if she told them, thennightmare could have possibly come up in conversation. But she didn'tntell anybody. So why was Sasha dead? She felt a dropnof blood drip on her nose. She looked up to see words written innblood: \"ARENT YOUnGLAD YOU SPENT THE NIGHT?\" Ritanhid the hook in her dress. Wherever she was going to stay, she wantednto take it there and observe it more. Some female police helped hernpack all her belongings. She went outside to call someone but sawnRoddy run towards her. \"I found outnabout what happened.\" He said. \"You need a place to stay?\" \"I got mynluggage here with me don't I?\" \"Wellnthere's plenty of room at my place.\" He said. \"I thought itnwas off campus.\" \"It is.\" \"ThennI can't go.\" \"Yournparents insisted that I'd take you in, so I had to talk thenprincipal into it. It took me at least an hour.\" He picked up onenof her roll-on luggage bags. \"It's a long walk but you'll lovenit.\" Rita followednhim, dragging her suitcase and her carry on bag. She followed him outnof campus and an extra fifteen minutes of walking. Rita saw anrectangle building in front of her. The windows were perfectlynarranged. It was hideous. Roddy typed a code into the garage openernand escorted her inside. The inside was nothing like the outside.nInside it was nice. There was white carpet on the floor with fakenplants in every corner. \"Nownthis place is really fancy and the neighbors are strict aboutnbehavior. If they see you misbehaving in the pool, the hot tub, thengame room or anywhere else, I'm going to be the one blamed for it,nso please behave.\" \"This placenhas a pool?\" said Rita excited. \"And a gamenroom and a hot tub.\" Hentook a key card out of his pocket and put it through the slot in thendoor. The moment he switched on the lights, Rita forgot about Sasha'snmurder. The first room she walked in was the family room with twoncouches and a fireplace. Through the glass doors was a kitchen withnmarble counters. There was a small library/office for her to donhomework in. \"I'llnshow you your room.\" He said. He took her up the stairs and openednthe door of an empty bedroom. The walls were painted an elegant goldnand the bed comforter was star patterned. Across from her werendrawers and when she opened the cabinet, she saw a TV for her tonwatch in bed. Next to that was her own personal family room, with anflat screen TV on the wall and a tiny fridge filled with Blue Ram. \"Nownthis is better than Diana.\" Her mood turned around the moment shensaw his place. And she knew that she was going to love it there. Shentook a Blue Ram out of the fridge and immediately unpacked. When shendecided to change into more comfortable clothes for lunch, shenremoved Daisy's dress. The hook she was hiding fell out. Sittingnhalf naked on her bed, she observed it more closely for slimynfingerprints. She hid it under her pillow so she wouldn't lose it.nShe almost poked herself when the ringing of her cellphone startednplaying \"London Bridge\". \"Ello?...nHey Abe… Yes I'm fine… I know I forgot to tell you I wasnleaving, you were sleeping!... I thought you wouldn't like that!\"nAbraham was arguing because she didn't wake him to tell him she wasnleaving. The American started to yell at her over the line. \"Wellnyou listen here Mr. Perfect, I was just through a terriblenexperience, and you're calling me to scream in my ear. And don'tnyou dare try to make me angry… trust me, you've seen nothingnyet.\" She hung up on him. Whennshe woke up in the morning, she expected Roddy was sleeping. She putnon her bathrobe and walked downstairs. The TV was on and Roddy wasnstanding by the counter pouring himself a bowl of cereal. \"Your upnearly.\" He said. \"Well I havento wake up earlier than ever since I live outside of campus.\" \"I thoughtnthey'd cancel classes today, after what happened.\" Onnthe TV was the news. They were reporting the incident. \"Yesterday,nat Prince Charles Academy, there was a shocking murder in the famousnDiana Dorm. Insiders say the victim was teen pop singing sensationnSasha Melanie. Her first roommate was there overnight; her secondnroommate was not in the scene.\" \"Chang thenchannel.\" Rita sneered. \"No this isninteresting.\" Said Roddy. \"Thennturn it off!\" she snapped. \"Or change it to Noranthe Navigator !\" Roddy snappednthe TV off. \"I'mnsorry Rita.\" He said. \"But just know, this is my apartment.nYou're under my roof so you will obey my rules.\" Ritanlaughed. \"You're not serious are you?\" Roddy noddednhis head. \"Whatnmakes you think that you can do my dad's job? I think yournforgetting who the captain is here!\" \"Onnthe Dodger ,nyes. But here, I'm the boss.\" He confirmed. \"You look stressednenough already. Maybe I should call the school and tell them you'rennot coming today.\" \"Don't donthat.\" Said Rita. \"Please. I need to go today. There are nonretake times for the test.\" \"Are younsure?\" he asked. \"Don'tnworry about me. I'll be fine. Besides, I have Sharon and Daisynbeside me.\" Roddynsighed and nodded his head. \"I suppose you'll be alright.\" Hensaid. \"But please, at least have some medicine to relieve yournstress.\" \"ThanksnRod, but I'm fine. I never even liked her.\" She walked upstairs.nShe didn't turn back to him.[Chapter 11] Rita sat on the oldnbench in front of the high school, Blue Ram in one hand, a UTSntextbook in the other. She couldn't remember anything in thentextbook or answer any of the questions. She was stressed again. \"Oh my god Rita.\" She saw Sharon andnDaisy standing in front of her. She stood up as they put their armsnaround her. \"I hope yournalright.\" \"I'm fine.\" SaidnRita. \"I mean, we never even liked her.\" \"True, but it'snstill frightening.\" Said Daisy. \"And there's something else…\" \"What?\" \"The school might benclosing down soon. There was another murder in the Elementary School.nSome fifth grade boy was stabbed to death.\" \"Oh my god. This isnso awful. Every thing was just perfect until I started datingnAbraham.\" \"Well none of thisnis his fault.\" Said Sharon. \"We have ten minutes, let's go.\" Sharon and Daisynescorted Rita through the halls. Rita had her arms wrapped around hernschool books, as she looked at the floor. She didn't want anybodynto notice that it was her. But she didn't fool Hayden Michaels. Hencame up to them. He wasn't afraid of the serious faces her friendsnhad on. Especially Daisy's high heels clicking on the floor. \"Rita…\" They stopped, turnednaround and glared at him. \"Are you ok Rita?\" She shook her head. \"Well I'm sorrynabout what happened yesterday. I wish I could do something.\" \"Here's one thingnyou can do.\" Sharon started. \"You can leave her alone. Becausenyour not worthy of her time and she doesn't need your geekynsympathy, so give it up.\" \"You know whatnSharon? You shouldn't hate me because Rita doesn't like me. Findnyourself a life.\" He walked away. Daisynhad a look of surprise. Sharon was guiltless. \"That felt good.\"nShe said. In algebra, Ritanignored Abraham as much as possible. She was mad at him forndisrespecting her. He tapped her shoulder. She shook it off. \"Look I'm sorry…\"nhe whispered. \"I know yesterday wasn't the best.\" \"Oh now you thinknso?\" she almost snapped. \"I made you this toncheer you up.\" He handed her a creamy dessert dish in a nicelynassorted bowl with a spoon already in it, wrapped in plastic and tiednback with a lovely ribbon. \"CrèmenBrulee? You broke into a cruise ship kitchen just to get me annassorted dessert and claim that you made it.\" \"But I did. It'snmy mother's recipe. I gave one to Tilly and she loved it.\" Rita took it out ofnhis paw and placed it in her backpack. In UTS, Rita began tonspeak. \"I'm living withnRoddy now in his apartment.\" She said. \"It's nice but he seemsnto think that he's my dad whenever I'm there.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"This morning he saidnI was under his roof, so I had to obey his rules.\" \"Well,nposh mice have rules in their territories. They don't like messesnwhich is why they have maids to clean it up. Their scared of dirt.\"nSaid Daisy. \"I'dnlike to throw a sleepover there because my bedroom has a bathroom andna small lounge. I bet he'd say no because he'll know we'll makena mess out of the place. This morning, he tried to convince me tonstay there with him. I mean what does he do in the day? Sit aroundnand eat brie?\" \"Maybe. He has so muchnmoney already.\" Said Sharon. \"I bet he sits at homenand reads the dictionary all day.\" Said Rita. \"Has he ever thoughtnabout coming to school with us?\" Rita shook her head. \"They wouldn't letnhim. He didn't go through the other grades. He didn't even go tonpreschool. Besides, I don't think he'd want to. They'd put himnin Special Ed.\" \"So?\" \"So I won't allownit, even if I have to tutor him myself.\" \"Be quiet ladies.\"nSaid the teacher as she was passing them tests. \"Spread out and usensomething besides your book to cover it up with. Name five lethalnmouse traps and how they work Name five humanenmousetraps and how they work How can you tell ifnthere's a trap ahead? Name reasons whynpeople think they need to kill us Why do more humansnbuy lethal traps? Identify: Is this antrap or not? Thesenwere only some of the questions. Rita didn't know the answers tonany of these questions except the last one. She struggled to thinknabout what she heard the teacher tell them. \"Rita…\" She thought it wasnDaisy. She ignored it. \"Rita, help me…\" Rita turned around andnsaw Sasha standing there. The dead skinless corpse was staring atnher. Her lungs, heart and liver fell onto the ground. She was holdingnher skin in one hand. \"Rita, will you helpnme put my skin back on?\" Ritanblinked, and at the next moment, Sasha walked into the back room. Shenwas leaving a trail of body parts. Her eyes popped out and her brainncame out of both eye sockets. Rita got up and followed the nakedncorpse into the back room. \"Sasha where are you?\" Sasha walked out fromnanother room. \"Untilnyou figure out how to get rid of this, you must never sleep. When younsleep, he has the ability to murder. Do everything you can to staynawake.\" Suddenly,nshe fell. A green hand grabbed her ankle and dragged her. Blood,nmuscle and bones were coming out and she heard whimpering. Then shenheard a croak. \"Howndare you!\" she heard yelling. Ritanthought she was asleep. It wasn't hard to believe anymore becausenof the path of body parts and a naked skinned girl walking around thenUTS room. She heard him coming. He turned the corner, holding a hook. \"Getnout of my head!\" Rita screamed. The door vanished and she wasntrapped. \"Rita wake up!\" thenteacher yelled. She rushed over to the girl and shook her as shenscreamed in her sleep. When Rita's eyes blasted open she wasnhumiliated. \"What's the matter with you?\" Thenteacher sounded pretty angry. Rita was sent to the nurse's officenand was forced to lie down. She had no fever and her behavior wasnnormal. Wasnit really just a regular dream that had no meaning? Or was Sashantrying to warn her? At the lunch table, everybody was making jokes,nuntil she sat down with her food. She looked miserable. \"Arenyou ok?\" Abraham asked her sympathetically. \"I'mnfine.\" She said. \"You worry too much.\" She took the creamyndessert out of her backpack. \"Injust hope Tilly's feeling alright. She might of gone back tonCanada.\" \"Isnshe from Canada?\" \"Yes.\" \"Indidn't know that. So what's your new home like?\" \"It'snnice, besides the rules. I don't know them yet but he told me Inhave to obey them.\" She ate the desertnbefore the regular lunch. The moment she took her first bite, shenloved it. \"Willnyou give me the recipe to this?\" \"WishnI could.\" Said Abraham. \"But it's a family secret.\" \"Please?\" \"Sorry.\" \"Wellnbe ready to make me more.\" \"Wellnyou better be ready for practice after school.\" He said. \"You'renthe team hero you know.\" Rita sighed. \"Gee,nAbe I'm not sure if I'm going to make it. I was sent to the nursentoday and I better get home before Roddy calls me.\" \"Rita,nI think you forgot that you like every other girl signed a contractnsaying you'd addend practice everyday.\" \"I'mnnot feeling well!\" Rita snapped. \"Rita…\" \"Abraham!\"nLuigi snapped. \"Let it go. She might be the star player but she'snnot well. So leave her alone until she gets better.\" \"Thanknyou Luigi.\" Said Rita. She got up, shoved her chair into the tablenand walked off to her next class. \"SeriouslynAbraham, she does have a temper issue.\" Said Sharon. \"How manyntimes have you been warned?\" \"Threento be exact.\" \"Wellnyou should actually listen. She has serious anger issues. You couldnof lost your ability to speak if Luigi didn't say anything.\" \"Whatever.\"nAbraham sneered. \"I'm not scared yet.\" Ok,nwriters block! Dear fans please help me![Chapter 12] Rita showed up tonpractice anyway. She was in the mood for playing before doing hernhomework. Her grades were slipping and she needed a tutor fornalgebra. The only genius she knew was her coach aka boyfriend. Today,nthey were playing the actual game against each other. Half the girlsnwere wearing green jerseys. Throughout the game, Rita was verynaggressive. As the center position, she could go anywhere. During water break,nshe went up to Abraham, sweat crawling through her fur. \"You're a mathngenius right?\" \"Yeah.\" \"I need a tutor. I'mnfailing.\" \"And what does thisnhave to do with soccer?\" \"Maybe I wasn'tnclear enough.\" She said. \"I'm failing algebra and I want you tontutor me. Understand that part? And I don't mean right thisnminute.\" \"So you want mynhelp?\" \"Yes.\" \"Let me think.\" \"Yes or no?\" shenasked with impatience. \"Alright. Afternpractice today, we'll walk to my dorm and get started.\" Rita walked back withnhim after changing and showering in the locker room. She used tonsmell like sweat but now her skin had a pleasant rose scent. Abrahamnsmelled her hair from where he was and put his arm around hernshoulder. \"Don't worry babe.nI'm gonna turn you into a mathematic celebrity.\" \"So I take it yountutored before?\" said Rita. She threw her bag on the couch and gotnout her textbook. \"Actually no.\"nsaid Abraham as he went to the fridge to get her a Blue Ram. \"But Ingot an A on every test I ever had, so you should be fine.\" He sat down next tonher, kissed her on the lips quickly and handed her the drink. Shenquickly drank half the can. Abraham turned the page. \"Ok let's begin…\" They were working onnrational expressions and functions, one of the most confusing thingsnabout math Rita couldn't understand. \"Ok, you have tonfactor out the numerator of the fraction. The denominator can't benfactored…\" Rita learned more fromnhim than she did from Mrs. King. She was scared about the test onnFriday, but felt more comfortable when he showed her the step by stepnprocesses. Then, he assigned a page and went online as she worked.nWhen he checked it, he looked at her surprised. \"Very nice job.\"nHe said. \"I'd say part one of four is worth a B.\" \"A B's not toonbad.\" Said Rita. \"Hey, are those iSpy cameras?\" She noticed the markednbox. \"Yeah. My dadninvented those so I get as many as I want.\" \"So wait, you set upnsoftware and you can spy on other people?\" \"Yeah. It works likena charm. And the best part is you can watch it over and over. And Incould really get rid of this box.\" \"I'll take thencameras if you're willing to hand them out. After tutoringneveryday, we can spy on people.\" \"Well it's goodnfun.\" Said Abraham. \"Ok babe. Do what you want with them. But putnthem in the bag.\" Rita crammed them intonthe tote and slipped in the instruction booklet. \"Thanks Abe.\" \"Your welcome babe.\" They kissed quicklynand Rita walked out. When she entered the apartment, she was shockednto see Roddy sitting on the couch with another girl. Rita recognizednher as a classmate in Spanish class, Barbie Marks, named after thendoll. She was a teen model and a perfume designer. They were kissing.nRoddy's hand was shoved down her skirt. \"Roddy!\" Ritansnapped. \"What is this?\" Roddy turned aroundnand gasped. Barbie pulled away from him. \"Rita…\" Roddyntried to smile, hoping Rita would calm down. \"This is myngirlfriend.\" \"You just met hernand now your playing tonsil hockey?!\" \"What on earth?\" \"It's American!nWhat are you doing kissing Barbie Marks? I mean you just met her!\" \"I'm so sorry.\"nSaid Barbie. She stood up and grabbed her Coach purse. \"You'renhis sister?\" \"I live here.\"nSaid Rita. \"So, this must benRita.\" Said Barbie trying to change the subject. \"I've heard sonmany great things about you.\" \"You see me everydaynin Spanish.\" Rita angrily walkednupstairs into her room. What was the matter with him? She wasn'tnjealous or anything but was taken by surprise. She turned on hernstereo and listened to Ozzy Osborne as Barbie entered her room. Shennoticed that Rita redecorated the place a bit. There were posters onnthe wall and pictures from her childhood on the desk counter. \"You could havenknocked.\" \"I'm sorry aboutnbefore. That was my fault Rita. I didn't mean to scare you.\" \"Good!\" \"I just met Roddy atnBoating School.\" \"He's learning tonsteer?\" \"Both of us.\" Shensaid. \"We came back here to hang out and well I couldn't helpnmyself. He's so dreamy.\" \"It takes less thanna second to see that.\" \"So you think he'sncharming?\" \"For other girlsnyeah.\" \"I'm the one whonkissed him. He didn't kiss me.\" \"Why?\" \"His eyes sorta saidnhe wanted it. But I started it. So don't be mad at him. Be mad atnme.\" \"Fine, I will.\" \"When was the lastntime you got a good sleep?\" \"Since I entered thentwelfth grade.\" Rita pulled a Blue Ram out of the fridge. \"Wantnone?\" \"No thanks, I don'tndrink.\" \"There's nonalcohol in this. It's an energy drink.\" \"Still. Too muchncaffeine.\" \"Suit yourself. Inknow I was mean before but I was just taken by surprise.\" \"I understand.\" \"So are you goingnout with him?\" \"Not officially. Inreally don't know if I like him or not.\" \"Then why did younkiss him?\" \"I couldn'tnresist.\" \"Well neither can mynboyfriend.\" I'm a Barbie girl!nIn the Barbie world! Barbie got out anglittery pink cellphone and opened it. \"Oh. I need to getnmy nails done now. Good day.\" \"Alright.\" Rita watched, asnBarbie strut down the hall like a runway model, her blonde hairnglowing in the light of the ceiling lamps.[Chapter 13] As Rita was studyingnfor an anatomy exam, she wondered if she could trust Barbie or keepnRoddy away from her. She put away her notes on cancer aside andnpulled out a blank sheet of paper. For minutes, she slouched againstnthe chair wondering what to write. RITA When she laid her eyesnon the paper again, she saw that in bold thick handwriting \" Tell Dr. Toadnwhat's bothering you!\" Rita sharpened hernpencil. Then panicked, she scribbled. \"It's none ofnyour business.\" \"I'm dead now,nso I can watch you whenever I want. Abrahams a fine man.\" \"Why do youncare?\" \"Well let'snjust say he and I have a lot in common… don't worry my dear, hendoesn't know me. I know he's a very nice boy.\" \"When you saynthat, you make him sound like a rapist.\" \"We have the goodnthings in common.\" Rita sighed andndecided to ask him the one question that was confusing her. \"Are you reallyngoing to kill innocent people?\" \"If you tellnanyone about the nightmare.\" \"But people arendying already and I haven't said a word! You skinned Sasha and younkilled that little boy.\" \"You'rencorrect. What have you been doing during the murders?\" Rita took time tonthink, then remembered that she wasn't active during the murders. \"Sleeping…\" \"Stay awake then.nYes it is a big challenge. Get yourself some coffee beans andncaffeine. Stay away from the Blue Ram.\" \"So what's thenbig deal if I tell?\" \"Oh you'll see…nbut you better keep it quiet. You don't want to see this image innreality now do you?\" The paper flipped overnby itself. A grayscale sketch, high in detail showed a friend of hersnwith a hook though his neck. \"Roddy…\" \"Take my advice.\"nSaid Le Toad. She actually heard his voice. \"Don't say a wordnabout it.\" Red ink oozed onto thensheet from the eyes, mouth and neck. She thought it came from theninside of the desk. She looked inside and saw no blood. There was nonsource of where the blood was coming from. \"Rita!\" she jumpednout of her chair screaming. She sighed when it was only Roddy. \"What?\" \"I'm orderingnChinese Takeout. Want some?\" \"Wonton and rice!\"nshe yelled back. She got up, took the paper and placed it in herndrawer. She heard thunder from Up Top and knew they were expecting anbig storm. The Takeout arrived to the apartment. Roddy thought the storm wouldndelay the delivery. He set the table and shouted for Rita. Momentsnlater, the power went out. He felt around to find candles in thenbathroom cupboard and lit one. He placed it on the center of thentable. \"Rita!\" \"I'm coming!\" As they sat down to eat, the storm got stronger. The water roadsnoutside were dancing at a rapid pace. \"So, Boating School.\" Rita began. \"Why didn't you ask me tonteach you?\" \"You should know.\" Said Roddy calmly. \"The Dodger is at home, you never let me drive it, you have a temper problem andnI feel more comfortable with a teacher who's taught steering fornyears. Now eat your rice before it gets cold.\" Rita frowned. He was right about the first three reasons. Her eyesnrolled as she took a bite of rice. \"So how was school today?\" \"Don't ask. I failed my test.\" \"Sorry.\" \"And Abraham pissed me off.\" \"Some language you have there. American?\" \"Yes. I'm just really stressed. What do you do anyway when I'mngone?\" \"Well,nI just go out.\" Ritannoticed a light bulb go on. It was in the air though and it wasnmoving. It was a firefly. It landed on the table and crawled towardnRita to observe her. \"Younadopted a firefly?\" said Rita. \"Well he ought to be useful fornthe night.\" \"She.\"nRoddy corrected. Her name is Evana. I just adopted her today.\" \"That'snnice. So did you know Barbie for a while or did you just meet today?\" \"Hownmany times do I have to tell you how sorry I am?\" Roddy asked anlittle angered. \"She kissed me.\" \"Inknow. She told me that before she ran off to get her five hundrednpound manicure.\" Roddyngot up, took his unfinished dish, threw it in the sink and said, \"I'mngoing to bed now. You should too.\" \"I'llnbe up soon.\" Rita lied. When he went upstairs, she turned on thencoffee machine and went upstairs to get the iSpy camera. She was verynexcited about it because it was a great opportunity to see what Roddynand Barbie say about her behind her back. She took a chair, stood onnit and took the camera. No screws or drills were required. She had tonremove a layer of plastic that was covering a sticky material. Shenpressed it against the surface on the ends of the walls. She almostnfell off the chair as thunder rocked the underground city. Thencoffee machine beeped. Rita poured herself a mug and put in lots ofnsugar. When she was done, she was heading upstairs when she sawnsomething on the couch. It was a pink blouse. Barbie must of left it. \"Inthink I'll return it to her.\" That night, she barely slept at all. Evanancrawled into her room to wake her up but Rita was already in thenbathroom getting ready for school. She was wearing Barbie's low cutnshoulder bearing pink blouse to impress Abraham. She took the elasticnon her wrist and put it next to the sink. She applied hairspray tonher loose hair and looked to make sure her jeans were spotless. \"ByenRoddy!\" she yelled, moments before she left. If he saw her wearingnthat outfit, he would get mad. \"Wellnlook who's dressed up today.\" Said Sharon. \"What's thenoccasion?\" \"Nothingnreally.\" Said Rita. \"Heynbabe.\" Abraham approached from behind her and turned her around tonface him. They kissed for about three seconds before pulling away. \"Hey,ncan't wait for that dance. I got the best suit ever. It'll blownyou away.\" \"Wellnif can look better then Roddy I'll be very impressed.\" \"Whatndo you mean?\" \"Henwas wearing a tux when I first met him.\" She said. \"That'snall.\" \"Arenyou falling for him?\" Ritanturned around in surprise. Sharon and Daisy stood behind her. \"Justnbecause I think a guy is handsome doesn't mean I'm in love withnhim. He's dating Barbie Marks anyway. And besides, you're betternlooking.\" \"Inthought so.\" Said Abraham. \"Let's get to algebra before Ms.nKing gives us detention.\" Withoutnanother word, Rita walked off with him. \"ThenSphinx Larvae.\" Ritansat down in anatomy class next to Tilly whose face was hidden behindnher hat. Mr. Procter was talking about a few diseases that changed anrodent's behavior. \"Cannanyone guess why it's called that?\" he asked. Abrahamnraised his hand. \"Mr.nLincoln.\" \"Itnwas discovered in Egypt. Legend has it that rodents used them tonfight off cats, since human Egyptians worshiped them. The cat'snbelieved that our behavior was caused by God for revenge.\" \"Veryngood.\" Said Mr. Procter. \"Class, we have ourselves anvaledictorian. Excellent work Mr. Lincoln.\" Ritansat on the table across from him. \"Now.\"nMr. Procter continued. \"Larvae can enter through the body when it'sngiven to someone from a previous victim. It enters through the ears,nnose, and mouth. Sometimes it'll drill a hole in your skin. Thenvictim is in severe pain and will have the urge to run around andnkill people they see, because it crawls up to your brain and controlsnyour mental system. You don't know what's happening until yourndead.\" \"Howncan it kill you?\" \"Itneats brain cells. They always wipe them out before more can come.nIt'll drill holes in the brain if its there for too long, then itnwill crawl out your ear when it's done.\" Thisnwas one thing the class liked to hear. They didn't care aboutnbones, or body systems, but they loved hearing about deadly diseases. \"There'snonly one larva in each body. If there are more, they will not team upntogether. They kill each other.\" He took two jars, each one with anSphinx Larvae in it and put them next to each other. The wormsnstarted swimming towards one another but the glass blocked their way. \"Very interesting lesson.\" Rita told Tilly as they walked out ofnthe hall. \"Inthought it was gross.\" \"Wellnlook who's dressed up.\" Ritansaw Barbie, standing there in her silver peep toe pumps and her pinknbabydoll dress. \"Hownwas the manicure?\" Rita asked. \"Wasnfun.\" Said Barbie as she showed off her silver claws. \"You looknnice today. Is that my blouse?\" \"No.\"nsaid Rita. \"Wellnit looks like mine.\" \"Younhave a dozen.\" \"BecausenI left a pink blouse at the apartment.\" \"Sonit is your blouse. I'll give it back when I can.\" \"Butnit's mine.\" \"Inliked how it looks on me.\" Said Rita. \"Swear to god I'll neverntake your clothes again. You already impressed Roddy. I wanted tonimpress Abraham.\" \"Sashangave me that blouse.\" Tillynscreamed. \"Stopnreminding me!\" she screamed. Tears burst out of her eyes as shenfell on her knees. \"Ingot to take her to the consoler.\" Said Rita pointing at Tilly.n\"Bye.\" Ritanpicked up Tilly by the shoulders. \"Younknow very well that we were her roommates. I know she was your bestnfriend, but were more scared about the murder than you are.\" Ritanwalked away. She dragged a sobbing Tilly down the hallway. Topnof Form Bottomnof Form[Chapter 14] Rita dropped hernbackpack on the floor and pulled out her algebra textbook. Abrahamnwas looking over the chapter for the upcoming test with her. Thenlesson went by quicker because she actually paid attention in classnthat day. \"So square root ofntwenty seven. The perfect square nine multiplies into that threentimes. Outside the square root you put three because it's thensquare root of nine and leave the other three inside the squarenroot.\" \"I get it now.\" They closed theirnbooks. \"I think this is thenfastest we went over this. You ready for the test?\" \"I think so.\" \"Well heres somengood luck.\" He laid her head onnthe arm of the couch and kissed her on the lips. Rita liked it so shenpulled him by his shirt closer and kissed him for even longer. Asntheir lips still touched, Rita unbuttoned the rest of his shirt.nAbe's roommate would have been disgusted. Roddy might have feltnworse. \"Oh! The spyncamera!\" said Rita. \"I hooked it up.\" \"Great. Let's spynon him.\" Abe turned on thencomputer and pulled up a chair for Rita. Five minutes later he loggednonto the software that came with the cameras. \"So you hooked upncamera five. What should we name it?\" \"Just 'livingnroom' or something.\" Abraham double clickednon the image if the last camera to the right. The screen appeared inncolor. \"Check out what youncan do on the computer. Press shift Z to zoom in and control Z tonzoom out. You can move the camera around with the arrow keys.\" Shenwatched Roddy walk down the stairs in gym clothes. \"Jesus Christ…\" Roddy turned on annaerobics channel with Richard Simmons. The couple started cracking upnat Roddy and at what Richard was wearing. \"Did you know aboutnthis?\" \"No. He never toldnme.\" Said Rita. \"He told me all his deep secrets but didn'tnmention this to me at all.\" The phone at Roddy'snplace rang. \"Hey Mrs. Douma…nSounds good… ok I'll change up and be there soon.\" Ten minutes later, hencame down wearing jeans and holding a guitar case. \"Now what is hendoing?\" Rita sneered. \"Don't questionnhim. He'll find out our secret.\" \"Don't worry dear.nI won't say a word. I have to go. Bye Ducky.\" She kissed himnquickly, grabbed her tote and walked home. In the halls was an oldnlady getting her newspaper noticed her walking up to the door. \"Well hellonsweetheart.\" Her voice sounded inviting but Rita sensed there wasnsomething in her throat making her motherly voice croak. Rita wasntaught as a child to never talk to strangers but she was looking outnfor herself. It was just an old lady any way. \"Oh hi.\" \"Are you visitingnyour grandfather?\" \"I live withnRoderick St. James.\" \"Aww… He's quitena gent. A good looking fellow if you ask me. Are you his sister?\" \"Were friends.\" \"Oh… Honey younlook tired.\" \"I'mnfine.\" \"Getnsome sleep.\" Rita sensed an utterndisturbance. When she blinked, Le Toad was standing there in the oldnladies place wearing her clothes and holding the paper. Withoutnsaying another word, Rita left. The old man came outnof the apartment. He was the landlord of the building but Rita nevernknew that. \"I have my eyes onnher.\" He said. \"I feel like she's going to do something reallynstupid.\" \"Why dear?\" \"She's a Malone,nthat's why.\" Rita took a peanutnbutter granola bar out of the snack bin and chewed while doing hernhomework. She wiped eraser marks and crumbs off the pages every fewnminutes. In her Up Top survival class, they were studying snakes. Anfew pictures showed a poor rodent being attacked and then eatennalive. The one she had her eye on for the longest was a red snakenwith piercing egg green eyes. Snakes arencompletely carnivous. They catch their pray by attacking them, alwaysngoing for the head. If the pray bites the snake anywhere, thenpredator will refuse to eat them. Chances of surviving a snake attacknare extremely rare depending on the kind of snake. Most snakes havenpoisonous fangs that enter the prey's body. The victim always diesnbefore it is swallowed. As it's going inside, its neck will snapnapart. The head goes in first, ending with the tail. A snake's dietnconsists of us, chicks and at times, other snakes. \"How can anyone takenthis class and not be scared for their lives?\" she asked herself.n\"I bet Tilly faints everyday.\" The next time sheninhaled the air, she picked up an awful stench. She immediately knewnit was her. \"I need a shower.\"nShe told herself. She left her homework and food on the granitensurface and undressed as she went upstairs. She got up just in timenbecause Roddy walked in with Barbie. \"That was so sweetnof you, to sing to the orphans.\" \"Well I enjoy it anlot.\" Said Roddy. He placed his guitar in the custodial closet. \"I bet Rita'snimpressed.\" \"Funny thing.\"nRoddy filled up himself a glass of ice cold water. \"I never reallyntold her.\" \"Why not?\" \"Well you know sheninsults me a lot. What if she laughs at me?\" \"She'll only laughnwhen she finds out you work out.\" Barbie smirked. \"I sang to her once…nshe almost threw me in the current.\" \"Really.\" Barbiensat down next to him. \"Tell me.\" Rita twisted bothnknobs and took cover incase if the temperature was too hot or cold.nHer hand reached out to feel the water. She turned the cold down andnthe hot up a notch and stepped in. The water raining out of the hosensprayed on her chest. Rita soaked her hair under the water whilensmelling John Frieda's Radiant Red shampoo. She squeezed a yolknsized amount and lathered it into her hair. A microscopic amountncrawled into her eye. Rita pressed water against it as she cursednunder her breath. She opened her eye and blinked to feel the stinkingnfade. As she washed the shampoo out of her hair, something reallynstrange was coming out of the surface drain. She didn't noticenuntil she soaked out the wine colored conditioner from her hair. Outnof the pipes came seasick green water. \"What the devil?\"nThe water above began to burst out like the Great Flood. It stabbednher in the back like twenty daggers. She spun around to turn it off.nBoth knobs shot off and fell on her feet like boulders. She cried outnin pain as ice cold and boiling hot water came out. Momentarily, thenshower filled up like a glass of water. She banged her wrists on thenglass door but it wouldn't open. \"Surprise!\" Le Toad pressed hisnface against the glass door. Rita covered up embarrassed andnfrightened. \"Let me out!\" The water went up tonher chest. \"Hold your nose!\"nhe roared in excitement. \"RODDY!\" \"So the slugs sangnalong?\" Roddy ignored Barbie'snquestion and pointed his ears in the air. \"RODDY!\" \"Oh my god.\" Roddynmuttered. \"Oh my god!\" he hopped off the couch and racednupstairs. Barbie ran after him. The water was fillednall the way to the top. Rita swam to the surface but strangely, thenwater prevented her from coming up for air. Roddy pulled on thenbathroom door. \"Locked.\" \"Here.\" Barbie used one of hernlong pink nails to unlock the door. Roddy looked up in surprise thennremembered Rita was in serious trouble. They ran in to see hernhuddled in the corner of the shower. Roddy and Barbie stared at eachnother in confusion. Roddy then opened the door. \"Rita? What'snwrong?\" Barbie handed him antowel. He walked in and wrapped it around Rita's chest. \"Rita…\" She was shaking like ansevere earthquake. Her eyes were glued open. \"What happened?\" She gasped for air andnstarted coughing. Roddy massaged the back of her neck hoping it wouldnhelp. She looked down at her feet to see they were bruised. Barbienhelped Rita dress and tried to talk to her. Rita refused to speak asnshe held back tears. Barbie gave up on her and Roddy couldn't get anword out of her either. \"It was thentwelfth grade level of my life.\" Rita was watching X-Files on TV as she fought hard to stay awake. \"I can'tnbelieve I'm telling you this!\" Scully laughed as she took a sipnof wine. \"I don'tnbelieve you haven't told me before.\" Said Mulder. Dana and Fox werenhaving a conversation. It was a favorite of a lot of fans and Ritandidn't understand why. \"Do you ever wishnthat you could go back and do it all differently?\" \"Do you?\"nScully asked. They didn't saynanother word. Mulder scooted closer to her. He moved his head slowly.nTheir lips were a cell apart when the door slammed open. Muldernwalked in. After that, the TVnstarted to fizz. As Rita got up to fix it, an image of a hook camenon. She felt something attacking her from inside her head. Her coffeenmug spilled on the white carpet. Rita gritted her teeth and squeezednher skull. Her knees sunk into the fiber of the flooring. She nownknew know what Le Toad would do unless if she got some rest. Shendragged herself to the soft arm chair and climbed just to sit in it. After that, her eyesnrefused to blink. They began to dry out and blur. Soon the lightsnwent out. Her vision regained asnshe felt the worst pain. Rita felt like a needle was in her head. Shenwasn't at the apartment or the Floodgate. Bright blue lightsnflashed everywhere as giants walked by her. She was in a humannlaboratory in a restraining chair. \"You see, insidenthat needle is the virus.\" The professor explained. \"We do thisnto see how fast it kills the rats so we know how much time we'llnhave to get the victim to the hospital on time. This one here is anreal squeaker.\" He held the stop watch in his palm. \"We have anrecord here. Twenty minutes and she's still alive. Interesting.\" Rita would normallynsquirm. She could handle wrist and ankle cuffs but the headnrestraining device and needle held her back. She thought aboutnscreaming, but the last time that happened, Roddy thought she wasnasking for attention. The vision shattered and she found herself innthe comfort of her own chamber. Curious, she ran into the bathroomnand looked into the mirror. There wasn't a hole in her brain, but anmark on the skin where it pinned through. It stood out like a zit. Then she finallynrealized; asleep, she'd endanger the lives of innocent people.nAwake, she was destroying her own life.[Chapter 15] The sticky patch onnRita's forehead looked ridiculous. But without it, she looked likena girl from India. But she had an easy excuse; she slipped on somensewer water and hit her forehead on a sharp pebble. When she got ready,nshe noticed her feet got worse. From the shower incident, one was sonfrozen, it left blue markings. The other one was fried to a crisp.nShe placed a sock over the cold one. After she got dressed in a blacknsweater and tan jeans, she slid down the railway and went into thenkitchen. Roddy wasn't around so she opened the cupboard and got outna coffee bean. Then she filled a small bag with ice and put it in hernother boot to cool down her hot foot. In the next room, Rita heardnthe sink turn on. She stuffed the bean in her bag and walked out ofnthe apartment before Roddy came out of the bathroom. \"What happened tonyou?\" Abraham asked almost laughing. \"I slipped, that'snwhat.\" Rita sneered. \"Hey, don't getnmad at me Toots.\" He warned. \"I just had a reallynrough night that's all.\" \"What happened?\" Rita lied and told himnanatomy homework was hard, even though it was a piece of cake. \"So, excited for thendissection?\" \"The what?\" \"Were dissectingnfireflies today.\" Rita stopped and gavenhim a puzzled expression. \"Wait, were goingnto dissect fireflies?\" she said with disbelief. \"Yeah, don't younremember?\" \"No.\" she shooknher head. Right as they walked into the laboratory, she said, \"What'snthe point of it anyway, it's cruel.\" \"They died ofnnatural causes Baby.\" \"It doesn't matternhow they died.\" Said Rita, \"But it's not right. Aren't younaware that humans do it to us?\" \"Our systems arenvery alike.\" \"That's not annexcuse to go messing with a dead body.\" \"Then what do younsuppose you do with it then?\" Rita looked strait atnhim almost laughing at his stupid question. \"Easy. You turnnaround and leave it alone to rest.\" After that, she walkednto her table, placed her book down and stood up strait on the stool.nThe bell screamed as Mr. Procter stepped in with a bin. \"Alright class,nenough with the useless chitter chatter. This dissection is a verynimportant part of your grade. You must dissect the lungs and stomach.nYou'll get extra credit for the heart.\" He walked by groups,ntwo per each table, tossing a dead firefly like it was a slab ofnribs. \"You have until thenend of the period. Good luck.\" Rita and Tilly spentnthe first two minutes staring at the insect before them. Rita rollednher eyes as she watched Abraham immediately in action with hisnsurgical tools. \"Can you believenhim?\" \"I'll cut it opennif you do the dissecting.\" Rita shook her headnbut agreed with Tilly's plan. \"This is so wrong.\"nSaid Tilly. \"Go over to Abrahamnand tell him that. He seems to be having a good time.\" Tilly looked atnAbraham who was working with his partner. They were snickering asnthey took the surgical tools and dug them into the poor firefly. Ritansuddenly felt sick. \"Well, let's getnthis over with.\" She said. Tilly took the surgical knife and slidnit against the firefly's chest. She was near tears, feeling as ifnshe killed the poor guy. Rita pulled on the rip and placed pins downnon its opened skin. The girls observed the inside carefully withnwonder and disgust. Rita pulled out a skinny pin on a rod butnstopped. Something was wrong. \"Oh Jesus.\" Shenmuttered. \"What?\" Her eyes tapednthemselves open and dried out as her eyesight began to blur. Shencould hear a heart pounding but it wasn't hers. She looked down tonsee the firefly's heart was beating at a normal rate. \"What are younwaiting for?\" Tilly asked. Rita didn't hearnher. The bug's light flickered like and old light bulb. When itncame into full blaze, she saw its mouth opening. The insect began tonkick its legs and chirp. It rolled over and started to walk acrossnthe table. Rita slapped it back to the table but it bit her. Her armsnsnapped back in frustration. Le Toad is playingnmind games with you, she told herself. \"Just do the lab.\" \"Yes Rita, do whatnyour told.\" She looked down at the firefly again. It's lips werenmoving and Le Toads words were slipping out. Rita stepped backnscreaming. All heads turned on her. It took them surprise like anballoon that popped. The girl took her dissection tool and stabbednthe bug several times as she yelled, \"Die already will you!\" Theynwere all too afraid to do anything. When she saw that the tool wasnuseless, she backed off to a counter top and sat there hoping thenfirefly wouldn't reach her. As she continued to scream, Mr. Procternand Abraham took action. Abraham ran up tonRita, grabbed her by the shoulders and shook her. \"Whats the problem?\"nhe barked. \"Let me handle thisnson.\" Said Mr. Procter. He couldn't seem to get Ritas attentionnso he slapped her. \"What did you donthat for?\" Abraham snapped. Rita then just satnthere in silence. She moved her eyes to see how humiliated she shouldnhave been. \"Come with me miss.\" \"I didn't donanything I swear!\" she yelled. \"I know. I stillnneed you to come with me.\" Without another word,nshe stepped out of the classroom and was led to the nurse's office.nRita was crying of humiliation as the office workers took quicknglances at her face which was streaked with tears. \"It's fine to benupset.\" Said Mr. Procter. \"Your not the only student I had whonhas problems with dissections. It makes a lot of people sick.\" Hengave her a soft push through the door. The lady in the pink shirt wasnworking in the back. \"This fine lady is going to stay here for anwhile. She had a breakdown during a dissection so it's best shenrelaxes.\" \"Ah her again.\"nSaid the nurse. \"That's the second time I had to help her.\" \"What happened?\" \"She passed out innher dorm bathroom.\" Said the nurse. \"But I wouldn't worry.\" Mr. Procter went backnto the laboratory. The nurse finished an email and went over to Rita. \"You can lay down ifnyou want.\" She said. Rita shook her head. The nurse brought out anflashlight. When it clicked on, she observed Ritas face and looked atnher eyes. \"Well heres the problem. You haven't slept. Thatnexplains the breakdown.\" She went into the next room and came outnwith a small cup of thick pink syrup. \"I'm not sick.\"nSaid Rita. \"But you're herenfor a reason.\" Rita took the medicinenand swallowed it in one gulp. \"Whats this fornanyway?\" \"It'll make younsleep like a baby.\" \"Sleep?\" shengasped. \"No…\" \"Whats the matter?\" Rita dashed over tonher bag and took out the coffee bean. She ground it down in her mouthnbut its power wasn't strong enough. Her head hung down and hernthoughts were no longer in her control. At lunch, Abrahamnstepped outside by himself. He went outside of the school to find anprivate place. In the opposite direction, Roddy was walking to thenpreschool service center. When the posh rat saw Abe behind anbuilding, he went over to see what he was doing. Abe looked aroundnand then took a box out of his backpack. Inside were a bunch of whitensticks, as Roddy witnessed. Abraham them took a match from his sidenpocket and lit the end of the stick. Roddy gasped quietlynas Abe sucked on the cigarette. He knew he had to tell Rita but shenwould laugh and not listen to him. He stood there helplessly andnwatched Rita's boyfriend puff out smoke. Then he got out a steroidnvaccine and injected it into his arm. \"Good lord…\" All Rita and Abrahamnever did at his dorm now was spy on Roddy. Spying on Roddy was likenwatching Comedy Central. But Abe recently has somehow been getting onnRita's nerves. She didn't want his harm around her, she didn'tnwant to kiss him nor did she feel like talking to him. She wasnfeeling insecure around him. They've dated for a while and he actednlike their married. He probably named his kids, she thought as shentossed her tote on the couch. \"Are you sure younwant to do this?\" he asked. \"After what happened today…\" \"Forget about whatnwent on. I wanna spy now.\" She complained. Abe sighed and loggedninto the software. \"I'm telling younBarbie, it's useless.\" Rita pulled up anchair. Abraham put an arm around her. Uncomfortable, she sat upnstrait. \"What are yountalking about? It always works.\" Barbie protested as she sat on thencouch filing her nails. \"On TV its works.\"nSaid Roddy. \"But let's face it. This is reality.\" \"I know you'rensick of Rita dating that American. Pretending to date me will totallynturn her on to how precious you are.\" \"I'll clearlynexplain this one more time. It's useless. Barb you're a sweetngirl, but your plan wont work. Let's face it. She loves that guy.\" Abraham smirked at hisnstatement. \"So how do younsuppose you win her over? Convince her to dump Abraham?\" \"I have no right tondo that!\" Roddy snapped. \"I know he's a bad person. And I'mnnot making this up. Haven't you heard if you truly love someone,nyou'll let them go?\" \"I have. But don'tnyou want Rita to be safe?\" \"Yeah, I think I'venbeen a bit strong on her lately. Ever since she moved in, I startednto make rules. Her parents asked me to watch over her and protect hernfrom harm. I can't physically defeat Abraham so I'm doing my bestnto shield her from the evils of this world. And after that showernincident, I'm really worried that something is bothering her. Andnwhat's worse is that she wont say anything to me!\" \"You do sound like anfather.\" \"I just don't wantnanything to happen to her…\" Roddy took a deep sigh. \"BecausenI'm in love with her.\" Rita sat therenparalyzed. Abraham was even more shocked. Some posh boy was in lovenwith his girl? He wouldn't have it! \"I mean, she'snamazing. A woman like her is impossible to find.\" \"Well she is one inna million.\" \"She's sonbeautiful… the first thing I noticed about her were how her eyesnreminded me of emeralds.\" Rita started to smile.nShe never thought she would that day but her mood was turned around. \"You're sonromantic. Rita would be crazy not to give you a chance.\" \"I really wish shenwould. I'd be twice as good as Abraham. Does he even look like anromantic guy to you?\" \"No.\" \"He's a cracknhead.\" Said Roddy. \"Today on my way to the daycare, I caught himnsmoking. He even had steroids in his backpack. I'm scared because,nbloody hell she could get raped or something!\" Abraham turned off thencomputer. Rita's smile dropped to a frown. \"I can't believenyou!\" Rita snapped. \"You lied to me?\" \"I never said Indidn't take drugs so technically no.\" \"Are you a druggie,nyes or no?\" \"What's the bigndifference?\" Abraham snapped. \"Oh you'll bensurprised.\" Rita dug through his backpack. \"What do you thinknyour doing?\" he snapped again. \"Ah ha!\" Ritanchanted. She pulled out a box of cigarettes. \"Explain this then!nDid you mistake them for chalk?\" she chugged the box at him. \"I'mndone.\" \"With what?nScreaming?\" \"With you!\" \"Wait… are younbreaking up with me?\" \"What else could itnmean?\" she exaggerated. \"C'mon babe.\" Henwalked up to her. She backed away against the wall. \"Your not gonnanlet a few cigarettes come between us now are you?\" When she had nonplace to run, he cornered her. Abraham leaned his forehead againstnhers and looked deep in her eyes. \"Are you?\" When Rita attempted toncrawl out, he picked her up and dragged her to his bed. He pushed herndown onto the mattress, ignoring her insults and protests. \"You can scream allnyou want. The doors are soundproof in this dorm.\" He pinned her down bynthe shoulders and kissed her neck. She shook her head back andnfourth. Abe pressed his palm on her forehead and still pecked hernchest several times. He felt her soften up as she relaxed herself andnstarted to moan. Just when he though she'd give in to him, shenpushed off of her and grabbed her bag. \"I'm telling thenschool!\" she threatened. \"You're off thenteam Malone!\" he snapped. \"This isn't over, you hear me?\" \"Believe me, it endsntonight.\" She slammed the door as her eyes began to water. Shenwiped her fingers across her eyelashes to dry the tears. Anytime, henwould run out and chase after her. She took the stairs and ran out ofncampus as fast as possible. Roddy was still homenbut Barbie just left. Rita snuck upstairs and lay on her bed wherenshe cried her eyes out.[Chapter 16] \"So tired…\" thenchild moaned. Her eyes were like dried raisins and her mind was likena computer failing to work. Rita sat on the marble colored carpet innher 'chamber' in front of the window that led to the roof. Shengot up, half naked in her Union Jack lingerie to look out the window. There was nothingnexciting about the sewer she lived in. But being a rat, it was thensafest place to live. Roddy told her about the hatred humans hadntowards them. They were dangerous demons but their world wasncaptivating, with their sky, stars, flowers and clouds. Those werensome of the many things Rita wanted to see. She heard a small cracknof thunder from Up Top. Her excitement grew over her tiredness as shenslid the glass door open and walked onto the roof. She leaned on thenfence and looked out to the alley way. Rita could tell there wasnsomething going on and she wanted to witness it. She ran back intonthe apartment. As she walked into the bathroom, a figure was climbingnup the building… Rita's eyes burnednwhen she turned on the lights. She used a switch to tone it down. Itnwas darker with weak orange lights. It felt romantic and yet scary.nWhen she opened the cabinet, she saw a capsule of pills. \"Wake-Aid?\" She read the back.n\"For people who need to stay awake at work.\" She grinned happilynbut grew concerned. What if the pill wasn't strong enough? She'dnhave to do something that would grab her attention so much, shenwouldn't even think of sleep. But what? When she thought about thenthunder, she was reminded of Up Top. To get Up Top, she'd take anboat or swim down the rapids. But her boat was at her parent'snhouse. Then she was thinkingnof summer camp. What did girls do at night when the consoler isn'tnaround? Skinny dipping! Rita took the capsule back into her room andntossed them on the bed. Then she went to her living room. She openedna trunk to get a blanket. She was clueless about the shadow lookingnthrough her door that would of kidnapped her if the glass didn'tnseparate them. Lucky thing she kept it locked. Rita was caucus as shenwalked down the stairs. Roddy could wake up to the smallest flick tonmake a sound. When she got to the kitchen, she filled a glass withnmilk and swallowed two pills. Then she was ready to leave. She was relieved tonget out of the building. Chances were somebody would hear the garagenscreech open. The nearest dock was ten human feet away. Her feet madenno noise as she rushed over to feel the nasty green water. She put anfinger in and the next second, jumped. The water was ice coldnfreezing. She began to stroke her arms to where she believed was thenclosest manhole. She swam to the sides afraid of getting hit by anboater. Rita became used to the water, like she was a mermaid whonlived there. She felt like the little mermaid every time she took angulp and looked at the critters underwater. She saw snails, slugs,nroaches and fireflies. They sang harmonically soothing sounds whichncaused her to dive off. She continued to swim until she reached anlighter area. Above her was a manhole. Rita could only see twinklingndots on a black gown. Drops of fresh water were dripping through thenholes as she heard more thunder. The water fell on her head as shensaw a bright light go by in the speed of light. She decided to swimnback before things got too ugly. Her muscles grew soar and tired butnshe remained persistent. When young Rita dove under the water again,nshe saw something very strange. It was huge. When she felt it againstnher foot, her bones chilled like dry ice. The water lifted hernhigher. Little waves were coming down the rapids. The storm Up Topnwas getting much stronger. Whatever that thing was got pushed by thenwaves onto the side. When Rita swam up to it, she recognized it. The green skin, thenstabbed eyes… When she saw it was LenToads body that she threw away a while ago she screamed. Quickly, shentried to swim back. The waves grew stronger and she got weaker. Soonnthey became bigger than her. She coughed and gasped for air but wavesnpiled on her. Roddy went outside innhis everyday clothes. He looked worn out and very disturbed. Henwouldn't be surprised if his anger scared Rita. He saw the milkncarton and wake aid pills. He randomly guessed where she was. \"Rita?\" she stompednonto the dock. He saw a green blanket on the wooden surface. \"Rita,nyou here?\" He took out a flashlight and scanned the waters nearby.nThe waves made it hard to focus. One wave passed by. It dragged anbush of something red. Roddy put his hand in to feel hair. \"Rita,nhold on!\" He pulled her out and grabbed her by the shoulders. Shenlooked like a dead fish. He laid her down. \"Can you hear me?\"nWhen he got no reply, he decided to use a method he just learnednabout. He performed thirty chest compressions in eight seconds andngave her CPR twice. When he felt her pulse, it was moving. He tried CPR one morentime before Rita started gagging. She rolled over to face the groundnand puked. \"Rita, can you hearnme?\" She was seeing doublenbefore her eyesight returned to normal. Roddy wrapped the blanketnaround her shoulders as she inhaled the air and coughed again. Roddynfelt her forehead. \"You're mad aren'tnyou?\" \"I'm more worriednthan angry. The moment we get back, you will tell me what'snbothering you.\" He lifted her up in his arms. As he headed backnhome, he swore he heard a click. \"Get your hands offnmy girl.\" Roddy turned around tonsee a very pissed off Abraham holding a gun. \"Put the Nic down!\"nAbe threatened. \"You never told me henwas armed.\" \"I didn't know.\"nRita snapped. \"Yeah, he didn'tnknow I was armed but hey, he caught me doing drugs.\" \"How do you knownthat?\" Roddy asked. \"You see, Rita and Inspy on you everyday after school.\" \"Abraham, be quiet!\" \"It was your ideanDollface.\" Roddy glared at Ritanwith disbelief. \"What did you see?\"nhe asked. \"How did you do it?\" \"Everything.\" SaidnRita. \"Barbie was only helping you get my attention; you're innlove with me and Abrahams a crack head. I broke up with him fornthat!\" \"Well I'm glad youndid. It's about time you got rid of him.\" \"Hey Posh Boy! I'mnright here!\" \"Rod, can we pleasengo home?\" Rita started crying again. \"Of corse.\" Hensaid. \"But he could kill me.\" \"Place her down onnthe ground and step back.\" \"What is going onnhere?\" The three werendistracted by an old man. It was the landlord. He waked slowly with ancane in his grip and was wearing a pajama gown. \"So what's allnthis?\" he looked at the scene, disgusted. \"Back off old man!\"nAbraham snapped. \"Don't tell me whatnto do ponytails!\" \"Sir, be quiet.\"nRoddy warned. \"He's armed.\" Rita placed her armsnaround Roddy and sobbed on his neck. His pulse was pounding like anparasite trying to break through. \"Young man, put thengun away or I will call the police.\" \"Screw the police!\"nAbraham cried. \"What are they gonna do?\" Roddy was too scared asnthe old landlord came closer to Abraham. He trembled toward himnfearlessly. \"You wouldn't darenshoot an old man.\" He said. \"In England the law is to respectnyour elders.\" \"Or else what?\" Thenyoung rat snickered. \"We won't respectnyou.\" The next second, thenold man grabbed his cane and rammed it into Abraham's crotch.nAbraham dropped the gun on the ground as the old man whacked him likenan axe to wood. He kicked the gun into the water. \"Get out of herennow!\" he snapped. Roddy nodded is head and ran off with Rita backnto the apartment. She was still sniffling after he placed her down onnthe couch. \"I'll be rightnback.\" He said. When he returned, he placed his bathrobe around hernand laid out towels on the cushions. He rested her head on a pillownand pulled a blanket over her. Rita moaned stressfully as Roddy litnthe fireplace. He pulled up a chair beside her. \"What was he talkingnabout?\" he began. \"Was he kidding?\" Rita hesitated to speaknand stared into the crackling fire. It reminded her of what happenednto Roddy in her nightmare. As the flames rose up and down she couldnsee herself and Le Toad. She was screaming with fright as the fieryntoad slit her throat. \"Rita.\" He shooknher. \"Did you hear me?\" \"What?\" \"Was he joking?\" \"Abraham or Le Toad?\" \"Why would you bringnup him?\" \"Who?\" \"Le Toad.\" \"Oh him. My mind mustnhave spun off for a moment. Abraham was telling the truth about thenwhole spy business. It's attached to the wall over there.\" Roddy looked over andnsaw the small camera on the top of the wall. He felt stupid for notnnoticing it. \"And tell me aboutnwhat you saw.\" \"You and Barbie werennever dating. She was only helping you. I wasn't jealous but justnsurprised when I walked in that day. And you said you eavesdropped onnAbraham and witnessed him using drugs.\" \"And I thought younwouldn't believe me.\" \"I trusted him. Fornthe first time, I get into a relationship and it's with a druggie.\" \"First relationshipsnaren't always the best.\" Said Roddy. \"And you admittednthat you were in love with me.\" A small tear fell down her face. \"I'm sorry that Instartled you.\" He wiped the tear away. \"I understand that youndon't think of me in that manner and I'm fine with it.\" \"Its not that.\"nSaid Rita. She sighed. \"Right now, I don't want to lose you.\" \"What's all this?nI'm not going anywhere.\" \"I don't know how Infeel about you right now.\" Said Rita. \"But I can't sleep.\" \"You haven't sleptnin days. I opened up the kitchen cabinet and all the coffee was gone.nYou need to sleep.\" \"I said no.\" \"Look, I have somentablets that can help you fall asleep.\" \"For the last time, Indon't want to sleep!\" she snapped. \"It puts the lives ofninnocent children in danger!\" a hint about her secret slipped rightnout of her mouth. She was hopeful that he didn't hear her but henlooked at her strangely. \"I'm confused.\"nHe said. \"What's going on? Did Abraham hurt you?\" \"It has nothing to donwith that bloke!\" she yelled. \"It's Le Toad! He won't leavenme alone!\" \"The toad? Where isnhe? How did he get in here?\" \"He's dead!\" shenexplained. \"I killed him because he was scaring me and I threw hisnbody in the water.\" \"When did thisnhappen?\" \"The day before wenleft!\" she sobbed. \"When you were gone with Sharon and Daisy, hencame aboard and tried to kill me! So I stabbed him! He's dead butnhe's inside my head as we speak.\" \"He's inside yournhead.\" \"And the only way hengets out is if I sleep. That's when he goes out and kills people. Indon't know how he does it but I know it was him who skinned Sasha!nI found a hook on her bed, which was his murder weapon!\" \"Wait, wait, wait!nCalm down. How do you know all this? Its as if you snuck in there andnwitnessed the murder yourself!\" \"I have proof. Thenhook is under my bed pillow.\" \"What made you thinknit was his? All the times we met up with him, he never had a fishingnhook nor was he a murderer!\" \"Fine! I might asnwell tell you.\" \"Tell me what?\" \"You want to knownwhat's been bothering me?\" she stood up. \"I kept it silentnbecause he told me everyone would die! I had a nightmare before wenleft that he killed everyone! They were all hanging from hooksnthrough their necks.\" \"Where was I?\" \"Burned to a crisp.\"nShe said. \"He was going to have you for dinner. He locked you in annoven. And than he killed me, which is where I woke up.\" Roddy stood therenshaking his head in disbelief. Tears came out of Rita's eyes as shensobbed again. \"What else would Inhave to say?\" she snapped. \"I'm serious! Now everyone's goingnto die, including you! I wasn't supposed to tell anyone about thendream he said, or the scene before me would be a reality!\" \"So since it'snrevealed, our lives are officially in danger?\" \"Stop messing around!nSasha's murder, the shower incident, and my behavior all link up tonthat one nightmare! I don't know what to do now but if I don't donsomething, you're going to die! Everyone except myself.\" Shenleaned her forehead of the edge of the glass coffee table and criednagainst it. Roddy pulled her up and held her in his arms to comfortnher. He scratched her head lovingly as hot tears burned on his chest,ninto his pounding heart. \"You seem verynserious. I'm convinced. Usually I don't believe in supernaturalnor paranormal events. I'll see if I can find a psychotherapist.\" \"What's that?\" \"Their doctors whonhelp people with mental and emotional illnesses. Maybe they can helpnin some way.\" He pulled out a thicknyellow book, put his finger in his moth and used it to flip to then\"PSY\" section. Open 24 hours NancynThomson's hospital for nightmares. Dream catcher not working? Scarenthe beasts away. Call us now. \"Maybe forgetting himncan work.\" Said Roddy. \"Forget about him?\" \"Yes. I bet thesenguys can make it so that you won't remember him as evil. If someonenbrings it up, you won't show any fear. Usually fear gives thesenspirits power. Courage is their weakness. Maybe if you stay brave, henwon't harm anyone. He made it to scare you.\" That night, he stayednup with her. They played cards, kept the lights on and would splashnthemselves with chilled water. The next day, Roddy called the schoolnand said she was ill. Roddy wrote the address of the hospital on anscrap of paper, put it in his jacket and told Rita to come in hernpajamas. There was no telling what would happen next.[Chapter 17] The hospital lookednlike a clinic for dentistry. There was no pull up garage fornemergency vehicles nor was there a huge parking lot for visitors andndoctors. The yellow boat with a line of black and white checkersnacross it's doors pulled over to the front door. \"Thanks for takingnus this far.\" Said Roddy. \"But this is all we have.\" He handednthe smoking taxi driver a heap of cash. The driver glared at himndarkly as if to say, \"Yeah, yeah, just go.\" \"Thank you forncoming Mr. St. James.\" The black rat, Nurse Markowitz walked themndown the hall. \"We haven't had an issue with dreams in a longntime and it's great to work in a challenge.\" \"How hard is itngoing to be?\" The black rat ignorednhis question and opened a door for Rita into a white room. A smallngurney stood against the wall with various machines standing aroundnit. A TV screen that had no buttons or a remote stood at the cornernand on the other side was what looked like a plain board of granite.nRita turned around but Roddy stopped her. \"May I ask you tonlay down miss?\" Roddy pulled thensheets out for her as she unzipped her jacket. A tall woman in a labncoat came in holding a clipboard. The posh rat was stuck by the womannbefore him. Her figure was very petite yet healthy. She didn't havenan hourglass body like Rita but a very slim figure. Her bombshellnhoney hair reached down to her waist and smelled of oranges. \"Hi. You must be Mr.nSt. James. I'm Doctor Nancy Thompson.\" After they shook hands,nNancy checked up on Rita who was sitting on the bed. She seemed toonafraid to lie down. \"What seems to be the problem?\" \"It's a dreamingnproblem.\" Said Roddy. \"Well we haven'tnhad one of those come for years.\" Said Dr. Thompson. \"You callednthis morning for Rita?\" \"That's correct.\" \"I need you to fillnout this form for me. It just asks what the problem is, andninformation about the patient we should know.\" She handed him thenclipboard and pencil and waved her arm over to a chair. When Roddyngot busy, she went to the patient. \"Nice meeting younagain Rita.\" She said. \"How's your family?\" \"Have we metnbefore?\" said Rita. \"You were eight.nDon't you remember me? Your parents sent you in to have yournnightmares erased. I'm surprised they came back. Is there anythingndifferent than before?\" \"It was just onennightmare about people dying and one by one students at my schoolnwere getting murdered. My roommate was skinned.\" \"Oh dear. Anythingnelse?\" \"Yeah. When I'mnawake, people are safe from harm but while I'm awake, he finds waysnto torture me.\" \"Ok, well were goingnto meet this guy. I need you to lie down and relax.\" \"People will keepngetting killed.\" \"We arenprofessionals.\" Said Dr. Thompson. \"I assure you no ones going tonget hurt.\" Rita still didn'tnmove. Markowitz pushed her legs onto the lumpy mattress and pullednthe blanket over her. He pushed her head down on the pillow and putnwhat looked like suction cups on her temples. The wires attachednconnected to the TV. For the other machine, the nurse snapped a wristncuff wired to it. Roddy gave the clipboard back to Dr. Thompson whonexamined it quickly. \"Thank you. First,nwere going to put Rita to sleep and meet this guy. Chances are he'llnshow up. That TV screen right there, shows us the dream the same waynRita see's it. That flat board there monitors her fear. The orangenbars represent fear. When they go past the white line, we wake hernup. Any questions?\" Since there wasnsilence from both visitors, they prepared. \"Roddy, I don'tnthink this is a good idea.\" \"I assure you no onenwill get hurt this time. Do as the doctors say.\" \"I'm scared tondeath of hospitals.\" She added. \"I'm right herenfor you.\" Said Roddy. \"I won't let them harm you. Their justndoing their jobs.\" Nurse Markowitznunhooked a mask from the wall with purple vapors running out. Roddynsqueezed Ritas hand as the grape scented gas was pressed against hernmouth and nose. \"Just breathendeeply.\" Markowitz instructed. Sincenprotesting at this point was lethal, she was forced to inhale. Roddyncontinued to hold her hand until her fingers died out. \"Itnmay take a couple of minutes.\" Said Dr. Thompson. Allnthat was o the screen looked like a black-and-white pinwheel. It spunnlike this for twenty minutes when the picture fizzed out. An image ofna daisy field appeared. Birds sang and the sun lit the entire sky.nThere were two rats, male and female watching the clouds blow by. Thensoft wind hit their faces. For both of them, it felt like anythingnwas possible but yet nothing could go wrong. This was their onlynchance to see the light of day. As far as dreamsnwent, they were on a tree branch suddenly. The sky was black withnglittering stars. Roddy felt his heart pounding with excitement as henwatched what he wished was reality. In the dream, his arms werenaround her and she was watching stars appear. \"You were lucky. Younwere once able to see these every night and yet you never wondernabout them. I finally get to see stars for once and you know nothingnto teach me.\" \"I've never seennthem like this before, Rita. I always saw them out a window in ancage. I never had a good look at them.\" \"Well aren't theynbeautiful or what?\" \"Indeed…\" hisnhand moved up to her hair. He slid the elastic out of the burningnstreaks and combed his fingers through them. Rita looked at himndirectly in his chocolate eyes. The real Roddy believed she stole hisndreams for herself as his dream-self pulled Rita closer to him. Hennearly fainted when he saw them kiss. Dr. Thompson stared in awe. \"So where's thennightmare?\" she asked. \"I mean not that this is dumb but it'snoff topic.\" They pulled away, butnstill stared into each others eyes with shock and amazement. Ritanfell off the tree. Roddy yelled out her name and she screamed the waynshe always did when she fell. Instead of landing on grass, she hitnstone. \"Ouch…\" she muttered in pain. \"Roddy, I'm ok!\" Butnwhen she looked up, she was back in the sewer, in the worst placenever; the Floodgates. Rita could see the refrigerator from a distancenand the master cable only ten rodent-feet away. Le Toad was nowherenin sight. \"Five little rodentsnjumping on the bed; one fell off and got stabbed in the head.\" The same little girlnshe met up with before was near the stairs, jumping rope in hernelegant church dress. \"Hello.\" She greeted in a sweet voice.n\"You're just in time for my tea party.\" \"Where's Le Toad?\" \"Looking for you.\" The young child lookednvaguely familiar, as if Rita knew her in the real world. They had thensame hair, eyes and their clothing patterns matched. She looked verynunderweight and abused. Le Toad must have hit her because she had anbruise on her cheek. \"Who are you?\" \"I'm you.\" \"Oh my god…\" Rita remembered thenevent from ten years ago that caused her to visit the clinic before;nshe was kidnapped at the age of eight and brought to the Floodgate.nLe Toad tortured her by dressing her up as a doll, which she nevernliked. To stop her from crying, he treated her like his own daughter;nhe bought her toys and gave her tadpoles to play with. He took her sonNigel, her father, would hand over a ruby. It was the false one.nLittle Rita stole the ruby one night and escaped. But ever since shenremembered the bondage, the torture and the way the old Hench ratsntreated her, her mind replayed them in her sleep. Rita's parentsnsent her to Dr. Thompson who wiped out the nightmares, which behavednlike cockroaches inside a person's home. All she remembered was thenfact that the two sides were having a cold war over a false jewel. \"How bad did he hurtnyou?\" \"My eye hurts.\" \"Well drop that jumpnrope, your coming home.\" \"I need somethingnfirst. It's in his private collection.\" \"It's a ruby isn'tnit?\" \"Yes.\" Rita sighed andnnodded. \"Alright, I'll get it for you.\" Rita went down thenstairs and pressed the arrow pointing south on the elevator door.n\"Are you coming?\" \"No. I'll meet youndown.\" Before Rita couldnprotest, her inner child skipped away, singing \"God Save thenQueen\". The door opened and lame music played. \"Hello Rita…\" The voice was veryncreepy but sounded nothing like Le Toad's. It must have been anrecorded voice that repeated itself every time somebody went in. Shenrecognized the hall she was once dragged into where Roddy first metnLe Toad. The tall marble doors looked like stone in the dullness ofnthe tunnel. She turned her head but missed the figure she wasnsuspicious of. He swifted around her, dressed in black. \"Ok Kermit, you cannstop.\" She told him annoyed. \"Come on out.\" No sound was madenexcept for the roaches on the wall chirping. Impatient, Rita struttednover to where she believed he was and waved her hand to see if senfelt him. She was getting close. She touched something that was fornsure, skin. But it didn't feel warty… it was more soft like hersnand furry. She jumped up in fright and ran away as if she was beingnchased by a cat. She pulled open one of the tall doors which feltnlike a boulder she was trying to move. She immediately knew the nextnroom. The TV, fireplace, animal rug were just like the room innreality. Nothing looked supernatural. That was only a fourthnof the place. She slid the curtain open to view the other threenquarters; Le Toads valuable collection of art from his homeland.nVictoria, Elizabeth, Charles, Diana and her sons were all over thenplace. A lot of flags of different sizes hung on his wall. Rita knewnwhere the ruby was so she just went over to the end of the room. Thenglass jewel stood on top of a flashlight. Rita grabbed it withoutnmaking haste. She expected the alarm to go off any second. Instead,nthe wall in front opened. \"That one's fake.\" The small girl tooknRita by surprise. \"Jesus, don'tnscare me like that!\" \"The ruby is all thenway back there.\" The next room lookednlike the inside of a cave. A long stone stairway stood across her. \"Just go to the top.nIt's there.\" \"The ruby your afternis fake. You know that right?\" \"We want the one wenfound. That of which is way up there.\" \"You're comingnwith me.\" \"No. I'm scared ofnthe dark. I'll wait.\" \"Fine. Make me donall the work will you?\" The stairway was verynsteep. It reminded her of Aladdin when he was sent out to find thenlamp. It looked exactly like the stairs in the Cave of Wonders too.nSurrounding the mountainous stairway were jewels of every color thatnsparkled even in darkness. This would make her richer than St. James!nRita dashed through the steps, skipping one to three steps after eachnleap. It seemed like hours when she was halfway there. A blast of red lightnzapped her eyes. She pressed her palms against them as salty waternsqueezed out. When Roddy saw her now, he realized her tired eyes werenabout to give in. Rita continued up the stairs only to see the lightnbrighten. God's angels sang when the precious jewel came into fullnview. It was more beautiful than the other one! Rita extended her armnto reach it. She felt an indestructible power inside her when itntouched her skin. \"Bye!\" The secret doornslammed shut. \"Wait!\" Ritanyelled. \"What are you doing?\" \"What are youndoing?\" The ruby fell out ofnher hands and broke. Emerging from the deepest shadows was a widenenormous figure. The curved weapon in his hand was sharpened andnready to work. \"So you decided to tell did you?\" he roared. It was like they werenwatching a movie. Roddy could sit down with popcorn and a large tondrink to watch this all night. He felt pain in his arm and saw a rednspot on his shirt. Le Toad moved closernto Rita. She backed away slowly only to roll down the steep stairs.nPointy rocks poked her and made small rips in her skin. She was wipednout to the bottom where she first landed on her hip. Le Toad slowlynmade his way down. The red dot slowlynslid in a line. Roddy realized he was bleeding. Rita was cornered. LenToad raised the hook. \"This is for thenwaiter!\" Roddy ran over to thensleeping body and pressed his hands on her chest. Le Toad saw itnmoving backward as she faded away. \"Your mine St.nJames! You hear me! Your mine!\" The screen went to anstatic as Rita returned to the reality world. The TV exploded out ofnnowhere, causing her to scream and cling onto Roddy. \"Holy Hell!\"nshe cried. \"Do those thingsnexplode often?\" Roddy yelled. \"Actually, their notnbuilt to do that…\" Dr. Thompson was slightly humiliated. Shennever saw a nightmare so serious to reality. She looked at hernpatient and at the patients friend. \"Nurse.\" \"Yes.\" Said NursenMarkowitz. \"Get us an operationngown and some first aid for the friend. This will take a while.\" Rita scrunched aroundnin bed. She hopped up as something poked her. Under her leg was annaqua colored pin. It was the one Le Toad wore on his gold tie. \"Ohnmy god…\" \"Please! Let me go!\"","LastChapter":"The hospital lookednlike a clinic for dentistry. There was no pull up garage fornemergency vehicles nor was there a huge parking lot for visitors andndoctors. The yellow boat with a line of black and white checkersnacross it's doors pulled over to the front door. \"Thanks for takingnus this far.\" Said Roddy. \"But this is all we have.\" He handednthe smoking taxi driver a heap of cash. The driver glared at himndarkly as if to say, \"Yeah, yeah, just go.\" \"Thank you forncoming Mr. St. James.\" The black rat, Nurse Markowitz walked themndown the hall. \"We haven't had an issue with dreams in a longntime and it's great to work in a challenge.\" \"How hard is itngoing to be?\" The black rat ignorednhis question and opened a door for Rita into a white room. A smallngurney stood against the wall with various machines standing aroundnit. A TV screen that had no buttons or a remote stood at the cornernand on the other side was what looked like a plain board of granite.nRita turned around but Roddy stopped her. \"May I ask you tonlay down miss?\" Roddy pulled thensheets out for her as she unzipped her jacket. A tall woman in a labncoat came in holding a clipboard. The posh rat was stuck by the womannbefore him. Her figure was very petite yet healthy. She didn't havenan hourglass body like Rita but a very slim figure. Her bombshellnhoney hair reached down to her waist and smelled of oranges. \"Hi. You must be Mr.nSt. James. I'm Doctor Nancy Thompson.\" After they shook hands,nNancy checked up on Rita who was sitting on the bed. She seemed toonafraid to lie down. \"What seems to be the problem?\" \"It's a dreamingnproblem.\" Said Roddy. \"Well we haven'tnhad one of those come for years.\" Said Dr. Thompson. \"You callednthis morning for Rita?\" \"That's correct.\" \"I need you to fillnout this form for me. It just asks what the problem is, andninformation about the patient we should know.\" She handed him thenclipboard and pencil and waved her arm over to a chair. When Roddyngot busy, she went to the patient. \"Nice meeting younagain Rita.\" She said. \"How's your family?\" \"Have we metnbefore?\" said Rita. \"You were eight.nDon't you remember me? Your parents sent you in to have yournnightmares erased. I'm surprised they came back. Is there anythingndifferent than before?\" \"It was just onennightmare about people dying and one by one students at my schoolnwere getting murdered. My roommate was skinned.\" \"Oh dear. Anythingnelse?\" \"Yeah. When I'mnawake, people are safe from harm but while I'm awake, he finds waysnto torture me.\" \"Ok, well were goingnto meet this guy. I need you to lie down and relax.\" \"People will keepngetting killed.\" \"We arenprofessionals.\" Said Dr. Thompson. \"I assure you no ones going tonget hurt.\" Rita still didn'tnmove. Markowitz pushed her legs onto the lumpy mattress and pullednthe blanket over her. He pushed her head down on the pillow and putnwhat looked like suction cups on her temples. The wires attachednconnected to the TV. For the other machine, the nurse snapped a wristncuff wired to it. Roddy gave the clipboard back to Dr. Thompson whonexamined it quickly. \"Thank you. First,nwere going to put Rita to sleep and meet this guy. Chances are he'llnshow up. That TV screen right there, shows us the dream the same waynRita see's it. That flat board there monitors her fear. The orangenbars represent fear. When they go past the white line, we wake hernup. Any questions?\" Since there wasnsilence from both visitors, they prepared. \"Roddy, I don'tnthink this is a good idea.\" \"I assure you no onenwill get hurt this time. Do as the doctors say.\" \"I'm scared tondeath of hospitals.\" She added. \"I'm right herenfor you.\" Said Roddy. \"I won't let them harm you. Their justndoing their jobs.\" Nurse Markowitznunhooked a mask from the wall with purple vapors running out. Roddynsqueezed Ritas hand as the grape scented gas was pressed against hernmouth and nose. \"Just breathendeeply.\" Markowitz instructed. Sincenprotesting at this point was lethal, she was forced to inhale. Roddyncontinued to hold her hand until her fingers died out. \"Itnmay take a couple of minutes.\" Said Dr. Thompson. Allnthat was o the screen looked like a black-and-white pinwheel. It spunnlike this for twenty minutes when the picture fizzed out. An image ofna daisy field appeared. Birds sang and the sun lit the entire sky.nThere were two rats, male and female watching the clouds blow by. Thensoft wind hit their faces. For both of them, it felt like anythingnwas possible but yet nothing could go wrong. This was their onlynchance to see the light of day. As far as dreamsnwent, they were on a tree branch suddenly. The sky was black withnglittering stars. Roddy felt his heart pounding with excitement as henwatched what he wished was reality. In the dream, his arms werenaround her and she was watching stars appear. \"You were lucky. Younwere once able to see these every night and yet you never wondernabout them. I finally get to see stars for once and you know nothingnto teach me.\" \"I've never seennthem like this before, Rita. I always saw them out a window in ancage. I never had a good look at them.\" \"Well aren't theynbeautiful or what?\" \"Indeed…\" hisnhand moved up to her hair. He slid the elastic out of the burningnstreaks and combed his fingers through them. Rita looked at himndirectly in his chocolate eyes. The real Roddy believed she stole hisndreams for herself as his dream-self pulled Rita closer to him. Hennearly fainted when he saw them kiss. Dr. Thompson stared in awe. \"So where's thennightmare?\" she asked. \"I mean not that this is dumb but it'snoff topic.\" They pulled away, butnstill stared into each others eyes with shock and amazement. Ritanfell off the tree. Roddy yelled out her name and she screamed the waynshe always did when she fell. Instead of landing on grass, she hitnstone. \"Ouch…\" she muttered in pain. \"Roddy, I'm ok!\" Butnwhen she looked up, she was back in the sewer, in the worst placenever; the Floodgates. Rita could see the refrigerator from a distancenand the master cable only ten rodent-feet away. Le Toad was nowherenin sight. \"Five little rodentsnjumping on the bed; one fell off and got stabbed in the head.\" The same little girlnshe met up with before was near the stairs, jumping rope in hernelegant church dress. \"Hello.\" She greeted in a sweet voice.n\"You're just in time for my tea party.\" \"Where's Le Toad?\" \"Looking for you.\" The young child lookednvaguely familiar, as if Rita knew her in the real world. They had thensame hair, eyes and their clothing patterns matched. She looked verynunderweight and abused. Le Toad must have hit her because she had anbruise on her cheek. \"Who are you?\" \"I'm you.\" \"Oh my god…\" Rita remembered thenevent from ten years ago that caused her to visit the clinic before;nshe was kidnapped at the age of eight and brought to the Floodgate.nLe Toad tortured her by dressing her up as a doll, which she nevernliked. To stop her from crying, he treated her like his own daughter;nhe bought her toys and gave her tadpoles to play with. He took her sonNigel, her father, would hand over a ruby. It was the false one.nLittle Rita stole the ruby one night and escaped. But ever since shenremembered the bondage, the torture and the way the old Hench ratsntreated her, her mind replayed them in her sleep. Rita's parentsnsent her to Dr. Thompson who wiped out the nightmares, which behavednlike cockroaches inside a person's home. All she remembered was thenfact that the two sides were having a cold war over a false jewel. \"How bad did he hurtnyou?\" \"My eye hurts.\" \"Well drop that jumpnrope, your coming home.\" \"I need somethingnfirst. It's in his private collection.\" \"It's a ruby isn'tnit?\" \"Yes.\" Rita sighed andnnodded. \"Alright, I'll get it for you.\" Rita went down thenstairs and pressed the arrow pointing south on the elevator door.n\"Are you coming?\" \"No. I'll meet youndown.\" Before Rita couldnprotest, her inner child skipped away, singing \"God Save thenQueen\". The door opened and lame music played. \"Hello Rita…\" The voice was veryncreepy but sounded nothing like Le Toad's. It must have been anrecorded voice that repeated itself every time somebody went in. Shenrecognized the hall she was once dragged into where Roddy first metnLe Toad. The tall marble doors looked like stone in the dullness ofnthe tunnel. She turned her head but missed the figure she wasnsuspicious of. He swifted around her, dressed in black. \"Ok Kermit, you cannstop.\" She told him annoyed. \"Come on out.\" No sound was madenexcept for the roaches on the wall chirping. Impatient, Rita struttednover to where she believed he was and waved her hand to see if senfelt him. She was getting close. She touched something that was fornsure, skin. But it didn't feel warty… it was more soft like hersnand furry. She jumped up in fright and ran away as if she was beingnchased by a cat. She pulled open one of the tall doors which feltnlike a boulder she was trying to move. She immediately knew the nextnroom. The TV, fireplace, animal rug were just like the room innreality. Nothing looked supernatural. That was only a fourthnof the place. She slid the curtain open to view the other threenquarters; Le Toads valuable collection of art from his homeland.nVictoria, Elizabeth, Charles, Diana and her sons were all over thenplace. A lot of flags of different sizes hung on his wall. Rita knewnwhere the ruby was so she just went over to the end of the room. Thenglass jewel stood on top of a flashlight. Rita grabbed it withoutnmaking haste. She expected the alarm to go off any second. Instead,nthe wall in front opened. \"That one's fake.\" The small girl tooknRita by surprise. \"Jesus, don'tnscare me like that!\" \"The ruby is all thenway back there.\" The next room lookednlike the inside of a cave. A long stone stairway stood across her. \"Just go to the top.nIt's there.\" \"The ruby your afternis fake. You know that right?\" \"We want the one wenfound. That of which is way up there.\" \"You're comingnwith me.\" \"No. I'm scared ofnthe dark. I'll wait.\" \"Fine. Make me donall the work will you?\" The stairway was verynsteep. It reminded her of Aladdin when he was sent out to find thenlamp. It looked exactly like the stairs in the Cave of Wonders too.nSurrounding the mountainous stairway were jewels of every color thatnsparkled even in darkness. This would make her richer than St. James!nRita dashed through the steps, skipping one to three steps after eachnleap. It seemed like hours when she was halfway there. A blast of red lightnzapped her eyes. She pressed her palms against them as salty waternsqueezed out. When Roddy saw her now, he realized her tired eyes werenabout to give in. Rita continued up the stairs only to see the lightnbrighten. God's angels sang when the precious jewel came into fullnview. It was more beautiful than the other one! Rita extended her armnto reach it. She felt an indestructible power inside her when itntouched her skin. \"Bye!\" The secret doornslammed shut. \"Wait!\" Ritanyelled. \"What are you doing?\" \"What are youndoing?\" The ruby fell out ofnher hands and broke. Emerging from the deepest shadows was a widenenormous figure. The curved weapon in his hand was sharpened andnready to work. \"So you decided to tell did you?\" he roared. It was like they werenwatching a movie. Roddy could sit down with popcorn and a large tondrink to watch this all night. He felt pain in his arm and saw a rednspot on his shirt. Le Toad moved closernto Rita. She backed away slowly only to roll down the steep stairs.nPointy rocks poked her and made small rips in her skin. She was wipednout to the bottom where she first landed on her hip. Le Toad slowlynmade his way down. The red dot slowlynslid in a line. Roddy realized he was bleeding. Rita was cornered. LenToad raised the hook. \"This is for thenwaiter!\" Roddy ran over to thensleeping body and pressed his hands on her chest. Le Toad saw itnmoving backward as she faded away. \"Your mine St.nJames! You hear me! Your mine!\" The screen went to anstatic as Rita returned to the reality world. The TV exploded out ofnnowhere, causing her to scream and cling onto Roddy. \"Holy Hell!\"nshe cried. \"Do those thingsnexplode often?\" Roddy yelled. \"Actually, their notnbuilt to do that…\" Dr. Thompson was slightly humiliated. Shennever saw a nightmare so serious to reality. She looked at hernpatient and at the patients friend. \"Nurse.\" \"Yes.\" Said NursenMarkowitz. \"Get us an operationngown and some first aid for the friend. This will take a while.\" Rita scrunched aroundnin bed. She hopped up as something poked her. Under her leg was annaqua colored pin. It was the one Le Toad wore on his gold tie. \"Ohnmy god…\" \"Please! Let me go!\"","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Flushed Away . If I did, there'd be a sequel out. I'm only guessing the na","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  T - English - Horror Romance - Chapters: 17   - Words: 32,587 - Reviews: 56 - Favs: 10 - Follows: 9 - Updated: 5 12 2008 - Published: 5 19 2007 - id: 3546168 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Jody, Cooper, and Charlie","Author":"KilmerFrog45","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/246990","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jody, Cooper, and Charlie Jody, Cooper, and Charlie Friday, April 6th, 2001 Chapter 1: The News ****~~****~~****~~****~~****~~****~~****~~**** Jody had just broken up with Cooper, what she thought was the biggest mistake of her life at the time, and decided to try out a romance out with Charlie. Charlie was sweet, and he obviously cared for her a lot, and he was hot too. She was a principle dancer in Cooper's new company for a whole year without much happening. She went out with Charlie the whole time until she decided she couldn't stand being away from Cooper any longer.tShe broke up with Charlie. He took it really hard, because it was obvious that he loved her. He didn't speak to her for a week, but they eventually became friends again. Things would never be the same between them. He moved away to go to another ballet company and only talked to Jody about once a year. Jody wasted no time in getting back with Cooper. Cooper might be annoying and jerkish at some times, but when he was with Jody, he was anybody's perfect guy. Jody felt like the specialist girl in the world when she was with him. He had the best smile in the world too. She and Cooper went out for 3 years before Jody ever saw Charlie again. She was laying in her bed next to Cooper in their apartment early in the morning on Saturday. She reluctantly pulled out of his arms and got dressed. Cooper got up about 10 minutes later, but had to go to work all day. Jody had the day off. She stretched and warmed up anyway, and then ate a small breakfast. She was reading a book on the couch when the phone rang. She let the answering machine get it. \"Hey. This is Cooper and Jody's. Please leave a message at the beep!...... BEEP\" \"Oh, hi, Jody...... Cooper. It's Charlie. I'm not sure why I called. I, uh, just wanted to catch up I guess. Well, you can call me back if you wanna chat. You know my number. Bye.........uh, yeah. Bye Jody.\" Jody dropped her book and replayed the message 3 times. She missed his voice so much. She wanted to call him back, but she knew Cooper would find out and go into one of his jealous rages and rip up paper. He always ripped up paper when he was mad, Jody actually thought that it was sorta funny, but she never let it show. She played the message one more time and ran to find her address book. She found Charlie's number and stared at it for several minutes before picking up the cordless phone. She stared at the phone before pressing the \"on\" button.tShe shut the phone book and dialed the familiar number she had kept in her head all these years. \"Hello?\" Charlie's sweet voice answered. \"Charlie! It's Jody!\" she said, trying not to shout. \"Hey.\" Charlie said. Jody could tell in his voice he was 10 times more excited than he sounded, he was just trying to hide it. She could almost hear him smiling. \"So, you got my message?\" \"Yes. I'm soooo glad you called. I've missed you. So, did you figure out why you called?\" \"Well,\" Charlie said, \"I guess it was sort of because I'm coming back.\" \"Coming back where? Here? You're coming here?\" \"Yes.\" Charlie said, almost making it sound like a question. \"That's GREAT Charlie. We have to get together while you are here. When are you coming? How long are you staying?\" Jody asked, not even realizing what problems this might cause with Cooper, who she had fallen in love with more than a year ago. None of that mattered now. She was going to get to see Charlie again. Sweet, loving, fun Charlie. She couldn't be happier. \"I'll be there next week. I'm not just visiting though, Jody. I'm moving back. To stay.\" Charlie said, still a bit reluctant to say any of this. He knew Jody loved Cooper. He knew Cooper loved Jody. But he also knew that he love Jody, and wasn't sure if he could stand seeing her with Cooper, in love. That's why he was sure this move would be suicide to his heart. But he had to do it. For his career. For his heart. If he couldn't see Jody in love with him, at least he'd be able to see Jody. He missed her so much. \"Charlie! That's wonderful! That's great! How come you sound so sad about it though? Aren't you happy you're coming home?\" \"Yes, I couldn't be more happy. Except, what about Cooper? Won't he start, you know, buying 7 packages of computer paper and ripping it all again? Won't he get jealous if you even look at me?\" \"Don't flatter yourself, Charlie.\" Jody said sarcastically, \"But really, Charlie. I'll just explain to Cooper that we really are just friends. Who knows? Maybe he'll only kill one tree this time instead of one million.\" Jody said, and then she laughed.t\"Well, ok. I gotta go. My mom is supposed to call right about know. She wants to help me pack. But I already packed up everything, so hopefully she won't have to come. Bye Jody. Tell Coop I say 'Hi'. On second thought, don't. Bye.\" Charlie said. He was really just looking for an excuse to get off the phone. His heart had dropped to his toes when she said that they were only friends. Besides, he didn't know how much more longer he could go on talking to Jody before he told her everything about how he felt. So he hung up. \"Bye Charlie.\" Jody said, but he had already hung up. When she realized he wasn't on the phone anymore, she added, \"Love you.\" Jody fell back on the couch and hit herself on the head with the book. She lay there for another hour thinking about the mess she was about to get in before getting up. When she did, she went into her room and dug through the old chest her grandfather had giving her. When she found the old photo album, she plopped down on the double bed she and Cooper had shared for 2 years and opened it.tThe first picture was of her, Eva, and Maureen, her old roommates. She flipped through the book until she found the one of her and Charlie. They were sitting on a bench with lots of trees behind them. Jody had been wearing a short, navy blue skirt and a light blue tube top. Charlie was wearing khaki shorts that came down to his knees, and an orange tee. Jody was sitting on Charlie's lap, smiling at the camera. Charlie was looking a Jody with his cute face and deep eyes.tJody took out the picture and stared at it, remembering that day. ~~~~~**~~~~~**~~~~~**~~~~~**~~~~~**~~~~~** She, Charlie, and the rest of the gang (Eva, Maureen, Erik and Sergei) had gone to the park on a Sunday afternoon for a walk. Eva kept taking pictures of everything, trees, animals, and the gang. She and Charlie sat down on the bench while everyone else sat on the swings. They started kissing and pretty soon Eva was taking pictures. They only posed for one, the one that Eva had given Jody, and the rest were of them kissing. ~~~~~**~~~~~**~~~~~**~~~~~**~~~~~**~~~~~** Jody smiled and put the picture back in the book, and put the book back in the chest. She locked up the chest and dialed Cooper's cell phone number. She hung up after the 2nd ring, not sure why she had called him. She lay back down on the bed and fell asleep. She dreamed that she was married to Charlie. Then Cooper came and broke them up. Then Jody married Cooper and Charlie killed himself. She woke up in fright and called Charlie again.t\"Charlie here.\" he said. \"Charlie, Charlie. It's Jody. I just had the worst dream. Charlie, Oh, it was horrible.\" she said, trying not to cry.t\"What was is Jody?\" Charlie asked sweetly. \"Well I dreamed I was married to you. But that's not the bad part. So, I was married to you and then Cooper came and we got a divorce. I married Cooper and here comes the worst part. Charlie, you killed yourself because I married Cooper. It was so horrible, Charlie!\" Jody said, and started to cry. \"Jody? Please don't cry. I'm still here. Jody? Oh, Jody, I wish I were with you right now. To hold you, and to make sure you were ok. Jody I miss you so much. Are you ok?\" Charlie said, realizing dangerously late how much he had just revealed. His sweetness only made Jody cry more, and she realized how much Charlie still loved her. She couldn't handle it all at once, so she hung up on Charlie. She sat on the couch, and fell over onto the couch so she was lying down. She cried herself to sleep and didn't wake up again until Cooper came home.tHe walked around the house quietly, so as not to wake her. She woke up anyway. Cooper made them his homemade pizza for dinner and they ate it with out mention of Jody's emotional adventure of the day.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: The Arrival Chapter 2: The Arrival Jody waited nervously by the door in the airport. Charlie would walk through the door any minute now, and Jody couldn't be more excited or nervous. Charlie walked through the door. He was wearing khaki pants and a blue Hawaii print shirt. He was carrying a black backpack. He looked around and saw Jody starring at him. She looked so happy. He ran up to her and dropped his stuff on the floor. He hugged her and kissed her on the check. \"Jody! You look great! I've missed you!\" Charlie said. \"Hi Charlie!\" Jody said. She was unbelievably happy to see Charlie, but she wasn't sure how to show it, so she just hugged him again, for a long time. \"Oh, I've missed you so much Charlie!\" Charlie was finding it unbelievably hard not kiss Jody. She just looked so good. She smelled even better and she was so hot. He had to use all of his mind force to keep from kissing her. Jody hugged Charlie some more and then they got the rest of Charlie's luggage. Then they ate lunch at one of the small restaurants at the airport. After lunch, Jody led Charlie to her car in the parking garage and helped him put his stuff in her car truck and back seat. Then she slid into the driver's seat and Charlie sat in the passenger seat. When they got to Jody's apartment, she showed Charlie the guestroom and said that Cooper was out at work. When Cooper got home he took Jody in his arms and started kissing her. Charlie had finished unpacking his suitcase and walked out into the living room/den and saw Jody and Cooper kissing. He felt like a bullet had just been put in his heart. He coughed to announce his presence and Jody pulled away from Cooper, blushing slightly. \"Oh hey Charlie. You remember Cooper right?\" Jody said. \"Oh, yeah, sure. Hey Coop.\" Charlie said, and abruptly turned around and went back into the room he'd be staying in until he found his own apartment. He shut the door and plopped down on the bed, thinking about how stupid this move was. He loved Jody so much, but she loved Cooper. He knew if he ever was going to make this move work, he had to get away from Jody and Cooper, before his heart exploded. Jody knocked on Charlie's door. He got up and opened the door. \"Cooper went out to get us some pizza. He'll be back in about 45 minutes. It's really far away.\" Jody said. \"Ok.\" Charlie said. Suddenly he grabbed Jody and started kissing her. He could feel Jody kissing him back, and he pulled he down on to the bed, where they sat kissing for 20 minutes. Jody pulled away and blushed. Then she got up and left the room. Charlie lay back down on the bed and hit himself in the head with his hand several times. Jody went into her room and kneeled on the floor by the bed. She cried for about 10 minutes and then she got up onto the bed and lay down. Cooper came in the front door. \"Dinner!\" he yelled. Charlie came out of his room first. He greeted Cooper with a hostile handshake, they were both very jealous and competitive of each other. Then Jody appeared from her room. She barely glanced at Charlie, but she hugged and kissed Cooper immediately. Cooper opened the pizza box and handed out plates. They ate the pizza and watched tv for an hour. Then Charlie got up and went back into his room. Cooper and Jody started kissing again, and Charlie peeked out and saw them. When it was almost 10pm, Cooper and Jody walked hand in hand into their room. Charlie glared out of his door as he watched them. He got undressed and put on his sleeping pants and crawled into his empty double bed (he didn't wear shirts when he slept). He lay there thinking for hours about the mess he had just mad for himself. Suddenly, his door opened and Jody peeked in. \"Are you awake?\" she asked sweetly. \"Yes, I'm still awake.\" Charlie said. \"May I come in?\" \"Yes.\" Charlie said. Jody walked in. Charlie couldn't help but notice that she was only wearing a dark green bra and tight blue biker shorts. She sat down at the end of the bed. \"I know I can talk to you. I can't talk to Coop because he'll get mad or jealous or something. But I know I can talk to you without you going completely insane. So, what are we going to do? About all this I mean. With me and Coop, me and you, you and Coop. What are we going to do?\" Charlie gulped and began to talk. \"Well, you love Cooper. Cooper definatly loves you. So where does that leave it?\" \"What about you? How do you feel about Cooper? About me?\" Jody asked, thinking out her words carefully before she said them. Charlie blushed, but in the dark room, Jody didn't notice. \"Well,\" Charlie said, \"I'm not exactly friends with Cooper, and I am friends with you.\" Charlie said. \"No, really Charlie, please, tell me how you really feel. I won't hate you or anything. Please?\" \"Well, I, uh, like you as a friend, love you as a friend, like you as a really good friend, love you as a really good friend, like you as-\" \"Charlie! If you won't tell me, I'm going to leave now.\" Jody threatened. \"Jody? I like you. I really like you. I just, I don't know. Jody? I love you. I love you more every second. I can't stand it because I know you don't love me, but I can't help it Jody. I've loved you since I met you in Sergei and Erik's room. I love you.\" Charlie blurted out. \"Ok.\" Jody said and got up, left, and shut the door behind her.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: The Battle Chapter 3: The Bracelet Charlie woke up early the next morning and had cold, left over pizza for breakfast. He got dressed and left a note for Jody on the kitchen counter. Jody and Cooper, Hey. I've gone out for a while, so don't worry. I'm fine. I'll be back after lunch sometime. See you then, bye. ~Charlie He put on his coat, grabbed his wallet, and walked out the door. He went down to the first floor and walked out of the building. He hailed a cab and told the driver to take him to a small jewelry store, next to a park about a half-hour away. When he got dropped off, he went into the small jewelry store, Aldin's Jewel Shop, and looked around. He saw a bunch of bracelets with names engraved on them. He looked at them and saw EVA on one of them. He hadn't seen Eva in more than a year. He'd have to get together with her once he got his own apartment. He looked around more and saw a beautiful one with JODY engraved on the gold nameplate. It cost $197, but he bought it anyway. He only had $40 left over for lunch and the cabs, so he went to the small playground park next door. He sat down on one of the three benches and looked at the bracelet in the leather box he received free from the cute saleswoman. He tried to figure out how he would give it to her. He couldn't even look at her now that he had told her his big secret. He didn't even know how Jody felt about him. He didn't know how she felt about the way he felt about her. He looked at the bracelet again, snapped the box shut, and put it in his coat pocket. He sighed and went over to the empty swing set. He sat there remembering the day in the park with the gang when he was kissing Jody. He still had the picture Eva had given him of that day. He wondered if Jody still had it, but decided she probably ripped it up and threw it away when she broke up with Charlie. That break up was the second hardest thing in the world for Charlie to get over. His love for Jody and this move was the hardest thing. A bunch of little kids ran out of a van and attacked Charlie when he stood up. He picked on of them up and whirled him around, until he was laughing so hard he almost dropped him. All the kids wanted to be twirled around, so her had to pick up and twirl 24 kids before he could leave the park. He wasn't very dizzy, so he hailed a cab and went to a coffee shop and had a salad for lunch. After lunch he hailed yet another cab and went back to Jody's apartment. When he walked in (Jody had given him a key), he saw Jody asleep on the couch. She looked so peaceful and happy there. Charlie smiled and just looked at her for a while. When she blinked and looked up at Charlie, he immediately ran into his room and locked the door. He sat down on the floor by his bed and waited for Jody to do something, anything. She knocked on his door. He just sat there, completely silent. She knocked again and tried to open the door, but found it was locked. Charlie could hear her footsteps walking away, and then back to his door. She put a key in the keyhole and turned the door knob. She walked in and found Charlie sitting crossed legged on the floor by his bed. \"Hello Charlie.\" Jody said. Charlie smiled and stood up. \"I'm surprised you're talking to me.\" \"How could I not? You're like my best friend. You have no idea how much I've missed you.\" Jody said. Charlie's smile grew bigger, and then went away completely. \"No offence, but I have a feeling I missed you more.\" Jody nodded. \"I think you probably did. Come here.\" She said. Charlie walked over to Jody, who was beginning to cry and she hugged him. They hugged for almost 5 minutes until Jody pulled away from his grip. She whipped the tears from her face and smiled at Charlie. He didn't smile back, and Jody looked into his deep eyes. She searched them for something, and found fear and uncertainty. She hugged him again and said, \"Charlie, I love Cooper. You know that. I have loved him for more than a year. But I have also missed you. I've missed you for more than a year. I thought it was impossible being away from Cooper, but compared to being away from you, it's nothing. I have missed you more than I ever knew I could miss anything or anyone. Last night you told me how you really feel. At first I was, well, I don't know. I just couldn't think right. And then I got mad at my self. I was so mad at myself for ever breaking up with you. I blamed myself. I'm sorry I hurt you Charlie. I can't stand to see you so hurt. Please forgive me.\" Charlie took this all in very slowly, and eventually said, \"I love you Jody. I have missed you too. You don't need to blame yourself, you really shouldn't. It's not your fault. And Jody, yes. I forgive you.\" He said. Jody smiled and kissed him on the check. \"Thank you.\" She said, and walked out of the room. Charlie followed her. \"Wait! Jody, I need to know something.\" Jody turned around and cautiously said, \"Yes?\" \"I need to know how you feel. How you feel about me. How you feel about the way I feel about you. I just, I need to know.\" Charlie said Jody gulped. \"Charlie, to be perfectly honest, I don't know. I don't know how I feel about you. Or how I feel about the way you feel about me. I need some time. Ok?\" \"Ok.\" Charlie said, coolly, trying not to show his anger, sadness, excitement, and everything else he was feeling right then. He turned around, went back into his room, and fell asleep on the bed, dreaming about how wonderful it would be if she loved him too, though he knew that would never happen. Jody went into her room and locked the door. She plopped down on the bed and thought about the whole Charlie thing for a while. Pretty soon, she fell asleep. When Cooper got home, he found Charlie sleeping on the bed in his room, wearing only boxers, with Jody snuggled up in his arms, wearing only a bra, Charlie's boxers, and a bracelet that said JODY on it.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: The Battle Chapter 4: The Battle[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: The Move Chapter 5: The Move Charlie drove home in his new blue car. It wasn't a convertible or anything fancy, but it was still nice. He drove up in front of the apartment building and looked up at the window he knew looked into Jody's room. He could she her yelling at a tall, slender figure, probably Cooper. Charlie quickly parked his car in the parking garage and took the elevator up to the 6 th floor. He reached the door and took out his key.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: The Wedding Chapter 6: The Review Charlie packed up 2 suitcases for the trip. He was going to go visit Jody, and to see her get married. He picked them up and put them into his car that he had bought last time he went to visit Jody, three years ago. He didn't like thinking about that trip very much, so he shook off the memories he was every time he looked at his blue car. He went back and left a message on his mother's answering machine.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: Chapter 7: The Breakup Charlie arrived at his apartment the next day. As soon as he walked in the door the phone rang. He put down his suitcases by the door and picked up the phone.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8: Chapter 8: The End 3 years later, Charlie sat nervously on the floor in the main room of the apartment. He and Jody were playing Scrabble. Jody was sitting across the table from Charlie. She formed the word \"Cooper\" and Charlie looked up at her. \"Is that some kind of hint?\" Charlie asked Jody. \"No. I just didn't have any other tiles.\" Jody said honestly. Charlie smiled and formed the word \"Love\" and looked up at Jody. Jody smiled and said, \"Me too.\" Charlie became even more nervous. He put his hand in his pocket and played with what he had put in it earlier that day. Jody formed the word \"Umbrella\" and looked at Charlie. \"Are you ok?\" she asked, concerned. \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" Charlie said. He formed the word \"Marriage\" and took a point marker out of the box. Jody laughed and looked at Charlie. When he didn't laugh, she looked at him confused. \"Charlie?\" she said, when he didn't respond. Charlie swallowed the lump in throat and picked up the Scrabble board. He moved it on to the floor and sat down on the table. Jody got up and sat on the couch. She didn't actually think that Charlie was going to propose. She just figured it was going to be another of Charlie's sweet talks were he said he loved her more than life. She smiled as Charlie kissed her lightly on the check. Charlie pushed the table back and got down on one knee. Jody gasped and smiled weakly. Charlie took out a small black box from his pocket. He snapped it open, revealing a beautiful gold ring with a diamond on it. \"Jody Sawyer, I love you.\" Charlie said, trying to fight his sudden urge to cry, \"I only want to spend the rest of my life with one person, you. Jody, will you marry me?\" Charlie was so nervous he thought he might faint. Jody looked at the ring, and then at Charlie. She couldn't believe it. She was so excited she thought she was going to fall off the edge of the couch. She pressed her hand on the couch to steady herself. \"Yes, Charles Sims, I will marry you and spend the rest of my life with you. I love you Charlie.\" She said. Charlie took the ring out of the box and gently put it on Jody's finger. He smiled at her beautiful hand with her new beautiful ring. Jody admired her hand as well. Then they got up and hugged. They kissed Charlie took her out to dinner at the nicest restaurant in the city and they had a wonderful dinner. When they got home, Charlie changed into his boxers and Jody changed into sleeping boxer shorts and a small sleep tube top. Charlie crawled into bed. Jody crawled in after him and curled up next to him. Suddenly Charlie sat up. \" Are you ok?\" Jody asked him. \"Yes. No. I don't know. It's just, what if something happens? I mean something like what happened with me. What if someone comes and breaks us up? It's not impossible, it's happened before, twice in the last 6 years. I know I'm not gonna break us up, but what if Cooper does? Or even Sergei?\" Charlie said. \"Charlie, don't be silly. The only reason we all broke up was because it wasn't the real thing. But it is now. No one can break us up. Especially not Sergei, because he married Galina. Cooper isn't even a small problem anymore. No one, not even the disastrous Cooper Neilson, can break me up with my fiancée.\" \"Which fiancée?\" Charlie asked. \"Charlie! What's your problem? You just proposed! Shouldn't you be happy?\" \"I don't know. I just, it's so hard. I want to believe you, I really do, but past experiences have always gotten to me. You know that.\" \"I know. I understand completely.\" Jody said sweetly. Charlie smiled at his beautiful fiancée and his heart melted. He hugged her, and then they fell asleep. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Charlie turned and kissed his new wife. They smiled at each other and walked down the aisle. After pictures with everyone (The Best Man- Erik, Groomsmen- Cooper and Sergei. The Maid of Honor- Eva, Bridesmaids- Maureen and Galina.), they went off to the reception. Charlie and Jody Sims danced their first dance together after the dinner. Jody danced one song with Sergei as Charlie danced with Galina. \"If I Were The One\", from the ABA workshop came on and before Charlie could get to Jody, Cooper asked her to dance. Jody looked over at Charlie, who nodded sadly. Jody danced with Cooper, but then danced all the other songs with Charlie, except two, when she danced with her dad, and Charlie's dad. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ When they got back from their honeymoon, they had a big party with Sergei, Galina, Maureen, Jim, Erik, Eva, and Cooper. They all went to the same club they had more than 10 years ago. Jody danced with Charlie the whole night, just like last time. Erik danced with Eva the whole time again, but Sergei danced with Galina, and not some drunken older woman. Maureen danced with Jim, and Cooper went around and hit on younger girls. They all left together in 2 cabs, except Cooper, and went to Charlie and Jody's apartment. They stood around talking for a while, and then Charlie ran into his room to get something. He returned several minutes later, holding some photos. He came up and stood behind Jody, wrapping his arms around her waist. She took the pictures and looked at them. There was the one of them in the park, and the one of all of them on the boat to the Statue of Liberty from Erik's birthday. There were some of the wedding pictures and a picture Jody hadn't seen in 10 years. It was of Charlie, standing on the steps leading to ABA. Jody was standing, hidden behind Charlie. She had her arms under Charlie's, making it look like Charlie had 4 arms. Charlie was making \"peace\" signs with his hands, and so was Jody. Eva had taken that picture the fourth day of ABA, when Charlie and Jody were, literally, still just friends. Jody smiled and passed the pictures to Eva. She shuffled through them, and stopped at the one of Charlie on the steps. \"Oh my God!\" she squeaked. She passed the pictures around, making sure everyone saw the one of the steps. Sergei looked at the pictures and said, \"You could even tell then that they would end up together. Just look at them!\" Everyone laughed and went on talking. At 4 in the morning, they all eventually said good-bye and left. About 10 minutes later Cooper walked into their apartment. \"I just wanted to say good-bye before I left to go back home tomorrow, because my flight leaves really early.\" he said. Jody hugged him good-bye and he kissed her on the check. Jody could feel Charlie's eyes on her. She turned around and walked back to her husband. \"Are you going to say good-bye?\" she asked. Charlie stiffly walked over to Cooper and shook his hand. \"Bye.\" \"Are you ever going to get over that shit?\" he asked as he hugged Charlie good-bye. Charlie smiled and hugged Cooper back. Jody smiled and finally knew that her life was perfect. ()()()()()^^^^^*****^^^^^()()()()()^^^^^*****^^^^^()()()()() If you don't think that this story is finished, e-mail me or say that on your review, and I'll try to add more. But I have to tell you, I wrote this whole story in 5 days, and thinking of this complicating stuff to torture Charlie isn't all that easy. I love Sascha Radetsky (Charlie Sims) and Ethan Stiefel (Cooper Neilson). C-Ya. Please read and review, and if you haven't seen \"Center Stage\", GO GET IT NOW!!!!![Chapter 9] Chapter 9[Chapter 10] Chapter 10[Chapter 11] Chapter 11[Chapter 12] Chapter 12[Chapter 13] Jody, Cooper, and Charlie: 13[Chapter 14] Jody, Cooper, and Charlie: 14[Chapter 15] Jody, Cooper, and Charlie: 15 Jody, Cooper, and Charlie: 15 Jody pulled on some jeans and a large sweatshirt the next morning as Noah started crying. She walked over to the crib and picked him up. \"Shhh… Shhh…\" She whispered as she ran a finger over his soft skin. She looked over at Charlie, who was just lying in their bed like a log. Jody smiled and rolled her eyes. \"Your daddy is so lazy Noah… so lazy…\" Noah stopped crying and closed his eyes sleepily. Jody placed him gently next to his twin sister and went to wake up Charlie. She shook him gently, then harder. \"Charlie, Charlie! Charlie, wake up you bum… Charlie?\" Jody giggled and tickled under him arm. Charlie mumbled and rolled over. Jody climbed on top of him and slapped his face lightly a few times. \"Wake up!\" She exclaimed. Charlie opened his eyes and smiled. \"Morning Beautiful.\" Jody smiled and rolled off him. \"Morning… handsome.\" Charlie laughed and climbed out of bed. \"Oh, right… Charlie?\" \"Uh huh.\" \"You know… I didn't really mean it the other day when I say I hated you.\" Charlie turned to face her. \"I know.\" \"Good.\" She kissed him gently. \"Because I really do love you Charlie.\" \"I love you too.\" Charlie pushed her down on the bed and kissed her. \"I love you too Jody.\" He tickled her and she shrieked loudly. She clamped her hand over her mouth and looked over at the crib. \"Oops!\" She giggled and rolled out from underneath Charlie. \"Come on Dad, let's get up.\" Charlie sat on the bed for a minute, thinking about that. Jody was half way down the hallway when she realized Charlie wasn't behind her. She turned around and stood in the doorway. \"Come on Charlie!\" Charlie looked up at her. \"I'll be there in a sec.\" \"Ok.\" Jody smiled and ran down the stairs. Charlie got up and walked over to the crib. He picked up Tricia and held her gently. \"Hi Tricia… I know you probably can't hear me, since you're sleeping. And even if you can hear me… you probably don't understand me… I love you.\" Charlie cuddled his small daughter and rocker her back and forth, humming softly. Jody watched from the doorway and grinned. After a few minutes, Jody came up and stood next to him. \"Hey.\" She whispered. Charlie smiled and wrapped an arm around her. Jody picked up Noah and smiled up at Charlie. \"Charlie… isn't this great?\" \"Mhmmm…\" Charlie closed his eyes and sighed happily. Jody leaned into his warm body and smiled. ~~~!!~~~ Mrs. and Mrs. Sawyer knocked on the front door to their daughter's house. The twins were 1 month old and they hadn't seen them or the new house yet. Jody opened the door and hugged her parents. \"Hi Mom, Dad! We're so glad you're here! Come on in, let me go find Charlie.\" Jody was gone before her parents could say one word. They stepped inside and shut the door behind them. Charlie and Jody appeared a minute later. Charlie hugged Jody's parents and led them into the living room. \"Please, have a seat, can I get you anything?\" Charlie asked. \"No, that's ok.\" Mrs. Sawyer sat on the couch next to her husband. She shifted positions and Jody smiled at Charlie. \"You want the tour?\" She asked happily. \"Ok.\" Jody and Charlie led her parents around the house, then to the upstairs. \"And this is our room…\" Jody stepped inside and over to the double sized crib. \"And this is Noah and Tricia.\" Mrs. Sawyer raced over to the crib and looked at the sleeping twins. \"Awww, Jody, they're so precious!\" Jody smiled and Charlie wrapped an arm around her. \"Can I hold one?\" Mrs. Sawyer asked. \"Sure Mom.\" Mrs. Sawyer picked up the one on the left and held it gently. \"That's Tricia.\" Charlie said. Mr. Sawyer came up and picked up Noah, who had just woken up. After a while, they walked back downstairs, Charlie holding Noah, and Jody carrying Tricia. They sat back down and Mrs. Sawyer took Tricia again. Charlie handed Jody Noah, and she smiled at him.[Chapter 16] Jody, Cooper, and Charlie: 16 Jody, Cooper, and Charlie: 16 The twins had just turned two. Jody's parents had moved to New York to be closer to all of them shortly after the twins were born. They only lived about 15 minutes away in a car. Charlie had been sleeping in the guest bedroom for almost 5 months. He and Jody hadn't had a real conversation in even longer. They hadn't even kissed in months. Being all the way down the hallway, Charlie didn't even know that Jody cried herself to sleep every night. One day, Jody and Charlie were visiting Jody's parents. Mr. and Mrs. Sawyer didn't know what was going on, but they had an idea that something wasn't right. \"Why don't you two leave the twins with us for a weekend so you can have some time off?\" Mrs. Sawyer offered. Jody glanced at Charlie. \"That's ok mom. We couldn't ask you to do that.\" \"You're not asking. I'm offering. Go on, have fun. We'll be fine. Besides, you guys haven't had a real vacation in almost a year!\" \"Well, I guess we could use the time to catch up on some sleep.\" Charlie said. Jody looked at him, then turned back to her parents. \"Alright, I never could change your minds.\" \"Great! How about next weekend!\" Mrs. Sawyer exclaimed. \"Ok mom. But, now we really have to go. Come on Noah, Tricia.\" Jody picked up Tricia and headed to the door. Charlie picked up Noah, who was screaming not to leave. \"Bye.\" He hurried out the door to put Noah in the car. One of the only ways to stop him from screaming was to have the radio on, so Charlie quickly turned on the car. Jody came out a minute later and set Tricia up in the second car seat. The she climbed in next to Charlie as he drove away. \"What do you think about going to the cabin for the weekend?\" Charlie asked dully. His parents had a mountain cabin type thing a few hours away from their house. They used to go their all the time before they had the twins. \"Ok.\" Jody nodded and looked out the window, imagining the disastrous weekend they would have. Every time they talked they just started another fight.[Chapter 17] Jody, Cooper, and Charlie: 17 Jody, Cooper, and Charlie: 17 After dropping Tricia and Noah off, Charlie and Jody left for the cabin. This week had been harder than usual, and they both were planning to just sleep the whole rest of the day. They got to the cabin around noon. Charlie carried their bags inside. He dropped them on the floor and looked at Jody. She was just looking around, taking in the memories. She looked over at Charlie and smiled weakly. \"So… I don't know about you, but I'm exhausted. Mind I just crash?\" Charlie asked, already heading towards one of the bedrooms. \"Not at all, go a head. I'm gonna try and get some sleep too. I'll just be… in the other room, ok?\" \"Ok.\" Charlie stepped into first room and shut the door. Jody sighed and went into the other bedroom. She sat at the head of her bed and hugged her knees as she started to cry. This was supposed to be a romantic weekend away with her husband- this man that she loved so much. But instead, it was all falling apart. She picked up the phone and called Eva. A few minutes later Charlie walked by Jody's room on his way to the kitchen. He stopped outside when he heard Jody talking inside. \"I don't know Eva! … We don't even talk anymore! … I don't know what to do. … Divorce? … I never thought of that before, I don't wanna get a divorce! Especially not with Charlie! … The last time we kissed was like 5 months ago Eva! … But I don't want it to be over! … Ok, well, tell Erik I say hi. … Ok, bye.\" Jody hung up the phone and wiped her eyes. \"Oh my God, it really IS over!\" She started crying again. Charlie stood outside the door. He sighed and stepped into the room. Jody looked up and wiped her eyes again. \"Oh… hi Charlie. I… I thought you were sleeping.\" \"I couldn't sleep.\" He sat down on the edge of the bed. \"Jody… I really think we should talk.\" Jody nodded. \"Ok.\" \"You know, because we don't talk anymore.\" Jody nodded again. \"So… what exactly… do you think is wrong here?\" Jody shrugged. \"Exactly that- we don't talk. We've just both changed… and we didn't take the time to get to know each other again.\" \"That actually makes sense.\" Jody nodded. \"I've been planning that sentence out in my head for about 2 months.\" She smiled. Charlie smiled and moved up to sit next to her. He wrapped an arm around her and she sighed happily. \"I've missed you Charlie. I… I don't want it to be over.\" \"It's not! Believe me, I'm not going anywhere. Ok?\" Jody nodded and looked into his blue eyes. He looked at her for a minute, then kissed her. Jody smiled. \"I love you Charlie.\" \"I love you too Jody.\" They got up and went back out into the living room, where they sat down on the couch and started talking.","LastChapter":"Jody, Cooper, and Charlie: 17 Jody, Cooper, and Charlie: 17 After dropping Tricia and Noah off, Charlie and Jody left for the cabin. This week had been harder than usual, and they both were planning to just sleep the whole rest of the day. They got to the cabin around noon. Charlie carried their bags inside. He dropped them on the floor and looked at Jody. She was just looking around, taking in the memories. She looked over at Charlie and smiled weakly. \"So… I don't know about you, but I'm exhausted. Mind I just crash?\" Charlie asked, already heading towards one of the bedrooms. \"Not at all, go a head. I'm gonna try and get some sleep too. I'll just be… in the other room, ok?\" \"Ok.\" Charlie stepped into first room and shut the door. Jody sighed and went into the other bedroom. She sat at the head of her bed and hugged her knees as she started to cry. This was supposed to be a romantic weekend away with her husband- this man that she loved so much. But instead, it was all falling apart. She picked up the phone and called Eva. A few minutes later Charlie walked by Jody's room on his way to the kitchen. He stopped outside when he heard Jody talking inside. \"I don't know Eva! … We don't even talk anymore! … I don't know what to do. … Divorce? … I never thought of that before, I don't wanna get a divorce! Especially not with Charlie! … The last time we kissed was like 5 months ago Eva! … But I don't want it to be over! … Ok, well, tell Erik I say hi. … Ok, bye.\" Jody hung up the phone and wiped her eyes. \"Oh my God, it really IS over!\" She started crying again. Charlie stood outside the door. He sighed and stepped into the room. Jody looked up and wiped her eyes again. \"Oh… hi Charlie. I… I thought you were sleeping.\" \"I couldn't sleep.\" He sat down on the edge of the bed. \"Jody… I really think we should talk.\" Jody nodded. \"Ok.\" \"You know, because we don't talk anymore.\" Jody nodded again. \"So… what exactly… do you think is wrong here?\" Jody shrugged. \"Exactly that- we don't talk. We've just both changed… and we didn't take the time to get to know each other again.\" \"That actually makes sense.\" Jody nodded. \"I've been planning that sentence out in my head for about 2 months.\" She smiled. Charlie smiled and moved up to sit next to her. He wrapped an arm around her and she sighed happily. \"I've missed you Charlie. I… I don't want it to be over.\" \"It's not! Believe me, I'm not going anywhere. Ok?\" Jody nodded and looked into his blue eyes. He looked at her for a minute, then kissed her. Jody smiled. \"I love you Charlie.\" \"I love you too Jody.\" They got up and went back out into the living room, where they sat down on the couch and started talking.","Summary":" Jody, Cooper, and Charlie Jody, Cooper, and Charlie Friday, April 6th, 2001 Chapter 1: The News ***","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Chapters: 17   - Words: 16,103 - Reviews: 30 - Favs: 4 - Follows: 1 - Updated: 11 11 2001 - Published: 4 7 2001 - Status: Complete - id: 246990 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"Jody and Charlie Together Forever......????","Author":"KilmerFrog45","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/253539","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Decisions from Confusion[Chapter 2] Chapter 2[Chapter 3] Chapter 3[Chapter 4] Chapter 4[Chapter 5] Chapter 5[Chapter 6] Chapter 6[Chapter 7] Chapter 7[Chapter 8] Chapter 8[Chapter 9] Chapter 9[Chapter 10] Chapter 10[Chapter 11] Chapter 11[Chapter 12] CHAPTER 12[Chapter 13] Chapter 13[Chapter 14] Chapter 14[Chapter 15] CHAPTER 15[Chapter 16] Chapter 16[Chapter 17] CHAPTER 17[Chapter 18] CHAPTER 18[Chapter 19] CHAPTER 19","LastChapter":"CHAPTER 19","Summary":" Decisions from Confusion[Chapter 2] Chapter 2[Chapter 3] Chapter 3[Chapter 4] Chapter 4[Chapter 5] ","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Chapters: 19   - Words: 28,887 - Reviews: 27 - Favs: 6 - Follows: 2 - Updated: 6 12 2001 - Published: 4 13 2001 - id: 253539 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"All My Life","Author":"CharlieDanceSimms","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/313775","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 2] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 3] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 4] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 5] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 6] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 7] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 8] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 9] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 10] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 11] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 12] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 13] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 14] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 15] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 16] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 17] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 18] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 19] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 20] ALL MT LIFE[Chapter 21] ALL MY LIFE","LastChapter":"ALL MY LIFE","Summary":" ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 2] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 3] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 4] ALL MY LIFE[Chapter 5] ALL MY ","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Chapters: 21   - Words: 12,758 - Reviews: 28 - Favs: 6 - Follows: 1 - Updated: 9 30 2001 - Published: 6 11 2001 - id: 313775 "},{"Movie":"Center Stage","Title":"JODY SAWYER: BALLET DANCER","Author":"CreamBombSugarLoafie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/277881","Passage":"[Chapter 1] CHAPTER ONE[Chapter 2] CHAPTER TWO[Chapter 3] CHAPTER THREE[Chapter 4] CHAPTER FIVE[Chapter 5] CHAPTER FIVE[Chapter 6] CHAPTER SIX[Chapter 7] CHAPTER SEVEN[Chapter 8] CHAPTER EIGHT[Chapter 9] CHAPTER NINE[Chapter 10] CHAPTER TEN[Chapter 11] CHAPTER ELEVEN[Chapter 12] CHAPTER TWELVE[Chapter 13] CHAPTER THIRTEEN[Chapter 14] CHAPTER FOURTEEN[Chapter 15] CHAPTER FIFTEEN[Chapter 16] CHAPTER SIXTEEN[Chapter 17] CHAPTER SEENTEEN[Chapter 18] CHAPTER NINETEEN[Chapter 19] CHAPTER NINETEEN[Chapter 20] CHAPTER TWENTY[Chapter 21] CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE[Chapter 22] CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO[Chapter 23] CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE[Chapter 24] CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR[Chapter 25] CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE[Chapter 26] CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX[Chapter 27] CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX[Chapter 28] CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT[Chapter 29] CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE[Chapter 30] CHAPTER THIRTY[Chapter 31] CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE[Chapter 32] CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO[Chapter 33] CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE[Chapter 34] CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR[Chapter 35] Chapter Thirty-Five[Chapter 36] Chapter Thirty-Six[Chapter 37] Chapter Thirty-Seven[Chapter 38] Chapter Thirty-Eight[Chapter 39] CHAPTER FOURTY CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE[Chapter 40] Chapter Fourty-One Chapter Fourty","LastChapter":"Chapter Fourty-One Chapter Fourty","Summary":" CHAPTER ONE[Chapter 2] CHAPTER TWO[Chapter 3] CHAPTER THREE[Chapter 4] CHAPTER FIVE[Chapter 5] CHAP","MetaData":"Rated: Fiction  K+ - English - Chapters: 38   - Words: 58,501 - Reviews: 49 - Favs: 3 - Updated: 11 11 2001 - Published: 5 8 2001 - id: 277881 "}]