[{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"An Unexpected Visitor","Author":"LucyLuna","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13244012","Passage":"[Chapter 1] An Unexpected Visitor \"Crushcrushcrush\" went off from Gwen's purse, interrupting her band's practice mid-song. Putting down her sticks, Gwen scrambled to get out from behind her drums. \"Sorry,\" she said to her bandmates as she went over to the ratty couch where they kept all of their stuff during practice. \"I thought I had my phone turned off.\" \"Uh-huh,\" MJ grumbled from in front of the microphone. Gwen just rolled her eyes at the girl and seriously wondered how it was two Spider-Men had ended up married to her. Admittedly, she got less on Gwen's nerves these days, Peter's death had really shaken the worst of the reckless, boy-craziness out of her, but still. MJ was so… MJ . Reaching her purse, Gwen quickly dug out her cellphone and pressed talk. \"Hello?\" \" Hi, is this Gwen Stacy? \" She crossed one of her arms over her middle and shifted all of her weight to one foot. \"Yeah,\" she answered. \"Who's this?\" \" Good afternoon, Ms. Stacy. This is Officer Jefferson Davis, Miles's father. \" \"Hey, Officer Davis,\" Gwen replied, surprised. \"What can I help you with?\" There was a sigh on the other side before he said, \" I hate to even try to ask this of you because I'm sure you're a busy young woman with school, your band, and whatever else kids get up to these days, but I was wondering if you couldn't babysit my son for a couple of hours on Thursday? Miles's mother has a weird shift at the hospital she can't find anyone to cover and I have a night shift at the precinct. We'd usually ask his uncle to watch him, but he's unavailable and Miles doesn't do well with strangers as of late… \" Gwen bit her lip. Thursday? She had a world history test on Friday and she'd been hoping to go out for a bit as Spider-Woman to do some more good this week, but she guessed she could squeeze in a few hours with Miles if needed. Besides, who knew if the opportunity would arise again if she said no? And she also didn't want for Miles to be upset and uncomfortable with some babysitter he'd never met before. \"Maybe,\" she replied, \"when would you need me from and until?\" \" Five-thirty until a little after eight. \" Gwen found herself smiling. That was totally doable. She could do some studying before she went over and go straight to being Spider-Woman after she left. \"Yeah,\" she said. \"I can do that.\" \" Thank you, Ms. Stacy. I promise you'll be compensated for your trouble. \" \"You're welcome, Officer Davis,\" replied Gwen. \"Miles is a cute kid. I'm sure we'll have a lot of fun.\" \" I hope for your sake you're right ,\" he said to her, tone light and teasing. Gwen laughed and proceeded to make a little more small talk and get the address of the Davis-Morales's townhome out of him before ending the call. When she turned back around she saw MJ smirking at her and their other bandmates, the bassist and guitarist, were laughing into their hands. Unbidden, her eyebrows shot halfway up her forehead. \"What?\" MJ tapped her chin with a finger and looked off to a corner of the sound-proofed basement with an exaggerated roll of her eyes. \"Who was it last year that said she'd never babysit again after helping me out with my cousins?\" Gwen crossed her arms and blew a strand of hair out of her eyes. \"This is different,\" she grumbled. \"I'm just watching him for a couple of hours, not a weekend straight while your mom is with their mom at the hospital.\" She licked her lips. \"Plus, there's only one Miles and I doubt he could be half as hyper as Kyle and Tyler— Especially after a day of school.\" Her bandmate laughed at her. \"Sure, Gwen.\" MJ smirked at her and added, \"I'll make sure to be free when you're supposed to be babysitting in case you end up needing help.\" Gwen frowned. While she knew MJ was mostly joking, it was still kind of annoying how little faith her bandmate had in Gwen that she could keep a kid alive for a couple of hours. Gwen had done it while they were kidnapped, hadn't she? And, honestly, the stakes there were a lot higher then than what MJ experienced with her cousins last summer. Turning to stuff her now silenced cellphone back in her purse, she muttered, \"Don't bet on it.\" -o-O-o- Babysitting Miles was surprisingly low-key. Pretty much as soon as his dad had left for work, the kid had them sit down at his kitchen table and start drawing on a giant sheet of paper that covered the whole table. Miles had used his half of the paper to draw a cityscape full of skyscrapers and cars with Spider-Woman swinging from one building to another in a corner of the drawing while the Prowler was in the middle of the scene driving through the city on his motorcycle. Gwen wasn't half as visually creative as Miles, but she'd always thought she had a knack for elephants and had filled up her half with a herd of them doing different things, like eating, trumpeting, and running around. As they'd drawn, Miles had filled Gwen in on his day at school. He was still who everyone wanted to sit with at lunch because Spider-Woman had waved to him at recess a month ago and in their science class they were now growing sunflowers in sandwich bags and every other day they'd sit down to observe their flowers and draw a picture of them to see how they'd changed between the days. He was also really excited for a birthday party a classmate was holding next weekend at a bowling alley and had asked her if she liked bowling too. Gwen had answered in the positive, though, she really was more of an arcade girl (and Dance Dance Revolution was her go-to game). Things had been going so well she started to wonder when the catch would happen. She looked for it when she suggested they take a break from drawing to snack on some popcorn and do Miles spelling worksheet like they'd promised his dad they would do, but he agreed after a moment of pouting and assurance from Gwen they could return to drawing when they finished. Gwen again kept her eye out when seven-thirty rolled around and she told Miles to go get changed for bed, yet instead of whining, he skipped off to his room and reappeared a minute later in a Spider-Woman onesie. Gwen had covered her face and laughed before she assured him it was the coolest set of PJs she'd ever seen. Afterward, they sat down on the couch in the Davis-Morales livingroom to read a chapter out of A Tree Grows in Brooklyn (\"Mom's favorite book!\") and wait for Miles's mother to come home. Finally, as Gwen feared, the catch did come. Though, it was not in a way she had expected. Instead of from Miles, it came from a knock at the door. Gwen froze a moment, wondering who on earth could be knocking at the door this late in the fall evening, but reluctantly got up to answer when her Spidey-sense failed to go off. Smiling at Miles to assure him everything was fine even as he eyed the door with an understandable wariness, Gwen handed him the book and went to open it. Her eyes flew wide when she saw the person on the other side. It was Miles's uncle. More than his presence, Gwen was shocked by how young he looked. Instead of being bald, like she glimpsed that Day at Peter's Aunt's home, he had hair that was shorn close to his head and no beard or mustache at all. Gwen hadn't given it too much thought, but it wasn't just Miles who was a kid, his parents and Uncle were younger too. They were probably all just out of their twenties— If that, in the case of Aaron. \"Hey,\" he said, smiling at her in a way that brought back memories of that moment in the foyer of her friend Miles's school. Cheeks heating up, she giggled a little and stammered, \"H–Hi.\" \"Uncle Aaron !\" bellowed Miles, running past Gwen and to wrap himself around the man's middle. \"Sup, nephew,\" he greeted, reaching down to pick up Miles and set him on his hip. Gwen's grip on the door handle only tightened. \"Your brother said you were away on business.\" \"I wrapped it up early,\" replied the man as he brushed past Gwen and into the townhome. Turning a smile on Miles, he lifted a hand to tickle his nephew beneath one of his arms. \"So I thought I'd drop in to pay my favorite kid a visit without his uptight dad breathing down my neck.\" Gwen frowned. \"I'm not leaving,\" she told him. \"Hm?\" he mumbled, before nodding and letting another slow smile spread across his face. \"Oh, man, sorry girl. My bro didn't pay ya before me left, did he? I betcha that was 'cause Rio's got the cash they owe you.\" Aaron reached into his back pocket and pulled out his wallet, flipping it open and taking out a fifty. \"This should be enough, right?\" he asked, offering her the crisp bill. Gwen blinked at the fifty in shock, wondering if he actually believed that's how much a couple of hours of babysitting cost before she realized he was trying to buy her off and fury settled over her. Turning away from the money offered to her, Gwen crossed her arms and told Aaron, \"I was asked to babysit Miles from five thirty until his mom came home. I'm not leaving until Mrs. Morales is here.\" The man slowly curled his hand around the fifty before pocketing it. \"You serious?\" \"Yeah!\" He stared at her a bit before he began to laugh. \"Ooo, girl,\" he murmured, tone appreciative. \"I like you. The last couple of babysitters my brother hired were shit compared to you.\" \"Uncle Aaron! You can't say that!\" Miles exclaimed, squirming in his uncle's arms he pointed over at a small crucifix hung by the home's stairs. \"Jesus doesn't like it!\" The man looked over his shoulder at the crucifix Miles was pointing at. When he finished, he looked over at Gwen and rolled his eyes. \"Your mom tell you that?\" Aaron asked Miles. \"Uh-huh!\" Aaron patted Miles's back once before he let him down. \"Well, I'll remember that the next I'mma about to.\" This appeared to satisfy Miles as he smiled before grabbing his uncle's hand and saying, \"Come look at the pictures me and Gwen drawed!\" He flashed her a smirk. \"Helped out, huh?\" Gwen was still tense and unsure about what was happening right now, but shrugged and played along for the time being. She'd be able to keep Miles safe if she had to. She was Spider-Woman and she would not fail him. \"What can I say? Miles's is a master of persuasion,\" she joked. Miles's uncle laughed as they walked into the other room where the drawing was. Eagerly Miles ran over and started to point at things. \"That's Gwen's drawings! She drew a herd of elephants,\" he explained. Aaron smirked over at Gwen who resisted the urge to tuck a lock of hair behind her ear and drop her gaze. There was nothing embarrassing about having drawn elephants. They were cute, even, if she said so herself. The man brushed a finger over a baby one she had shaking the paw of a mouse with his trunk and remarked, \"Nice.\" Before he turned his attention to Miles's drawing. Unsurprisingly, his eyes were quick to find Prowler. \"Who's this?\" he asked Miles. The kid clambered into one of the dining table's chairs and said, \"That's the Prowler! He saved me and Gwen from the kidnappers, remember how I told you, Uncle Aaron?\" Aaron traced the drawing. \"Yeah,\" he answered. \"I remember real good .\" Gwen saw an opportunity and leaned over the paper to point at Spider-Woman. \"And this is Spider-Woman, right?\" \"Yup,\" replied Miles. \"She's flying from the apartments' rooftops, see? I saw her do that after she saved me from getting smooshed by a taxi.\" \"Wow,\" Gwen enthused. \"She saved you too?\" Sitting down in a chair, she put her head in her hands and smiled over at Miles. \"That's awesome ,\" she said. She looked out of the corner of her eye at Aaron before remarking, \"And she's cooler than the Prowler, being a hero and all.\" She watched the man's hand turn into a fist over Miles's drawing as the kid himself nodded enthusiastically. \"Yeah!\" he agreed. \"But I think the Prowler would be way cooler than her if he became a hero like Spider-Woman!\" Gwen laughed at Miles's declaration, but otherwise kept her attention on Aaron. His vaguely annoyed expression had turned to one of wonder. It seemed as if he couldn't believe Miles thought Prowler could turn into a hero. She wondered what he would think if Gwen thought the same was possible. Aaron had proved himself capable of good, he'd saved her and Miles from the kidnappers and in another universe, a different, but oh so similar Aaron, had been adored by Gwen's friend Miles and refused to kill him once he knew his nephew was the latest Spider-being. However, before she could try to find out how Aaron would react to Gwen agreeing with Miles's sentiment, they heard the townhome's front door open. A fresh wave of excitement brightening his gaze, Miles lept from his chair and tore out of the dining room. \"Mom!\" he yelled. \"Mom! Look who came to see me!\" Gwen hurried after Miles as Aaron snickered before tailing after them at a much more sedate pace. She walked into the adjoining room to find Miles sitting on his mother's hip with his arms wrapped tightly around her neck as he told her about the last couple of hours. Rio smiled tiredly at Gwen for a moment before she caught sight of Aaron and rolled her eyes. \"Hey, Aaron,\" she said. \"I thought you told Jeff you had work?\" \"I wrapped it up early,\" the man replied brushing past Gwen to exchange kisses on the cheek with Miles's mother. \"How's it going, Rio?\" \"Oh, you know how it is at the hospital, busy ,\" she replied as she set Miles down. Reaching into the purse she had slung over her shoulder, she pulled out a twenty for Gwen and said, \"Thank you for watching Miles.\" She smirked over at Aaron then. \"And for putting up with this pest.\" Miles's uncle put a hand over his heart. \"Ouch, Rio, and here I thought you liked me.\" Gwen couldn't help but giggle into her hand, earning smiles from everyone. \"It was fun,\" she told them as she went to pick up her backpack she'd left on a hook by the door. \"If you ever need a babysitter for Miles, I'd love to come around again,\" she told the woman. Rio's eyes warmed and she nodded. \"Thank you, I'll keep that in mind.\" She then looked out the glass panes of her front door and asked, \"Will your dad or mom be by soon?\" \"Uh, yeah,\" she answered as she tugged on her tennis shoes. \"But they said they'd meet me down at the ice cream place around the corner,\" she lied. She'd also lied to her dad that MJ had agreed to pick up her up from the Davis-Morales home and then they'd go back to her place to study for their test tomorrow. Gwen knew she should feel guilty about all of her dishonesty, but, really, it was coming easier to her every time she had to. Someday, she imagined she would be able to look someone in the eyes and lie. Gwen actually kind of dreaded that day. Miles's mom bit her lip. \"It's a little late to be walking the streets on your own.\" \"Oh, I'll be fine,\" Gwen assured her. \"Dad's been having me practice self-defense with him since, well, you know.\" Rio cringed and dipped her chin, but looked no more willing to let Gwen leave. She jumped when she felt a hand touch her shoulder. \"I'll walk her down, Rio,\" Aaron offered. \"I probably should be going anyway.\" The relief that flooded across the woman's face was palpable and Gwen sighed in defeat. It shouldn't be hard to ditch him there, right? He'd walk in her into the shop and go wherever he planned to while she \"waited\" for her late parent to show up (while in actuality she'd be using their bathroom to change into her Spider-Woman suit before leaving to go do some crime-fighting). It would be easy as pie. After a last round of goodbyes with the Morales' Aaron and Gwen walked onto the street and down toward the ice cream shop. As they went, she looked up at the man and remarked, \"He really loves you, doesn't he?\" \"What? Miles?\" He chuckled and looked away. \"He's a good kid. You can't help but wanna be good around him too, ya know?\" Gwen thought of her friend. The little boy she had just babysat. She did know. Gwen nodded. They reached the shop. Aaron started to look around. \"Here we are,\" he said. Gwen quirked her lips into a small smile. \"Yeah,\" she answered. \"Thanks for walking me down. I bet my mom or dad will be here any minute.\" He looked around and rubbed the back of his head. \"Do you need me to…?\" She shook her head. \"No,\" she assured him. \"I'm a big girl, I can standing in front of a nicely lit ice cream shop waiting for my parent to pick me up.\" \"Cool,\" he agreed, dipping his chin. \"I wasn't too sure. I don't go around with many teenagers and relying on my memories of my teen-years seemed a bad idea since me and Jeff didn't grow up too nice.\" She took this new information in stride. Gwen wasn't dumb, she knew people with poor childhoods were prone to bad decisions and it was now one factor she knew in who knew how many that made Aaron into the Prowler. \"Thanks,\" she replied. Then, after a moment of hesitation, added, \"You're a good guy.\" He stared at her a moment, apparently surprised, then, tossed his head back and laughed. \"You're not too bad yourself,\" he replied. Beginning to walk away, leaving Gwen at the ice cream shop, he called, \"It was nice meeting you. I'll see you around, Gwen!\" \"Bye!\" she yelled after him. \"Thanks again!\" He lifted a fist in response a moment before letting it fall striding down the street, getting lost in the numerous people still walking around. Once satisfied he was truly gone, Gwen went into the ice cream shop and right up to the young guy behind the counter. \"Where's your bathroom?\" she asked. How did you guys enjoy Gwen babysitting? Our first look at this Aaron out of his mask? Thank you for reading :) ","Summary":" An Unexpected Visitor \"Crushcrushcrush\" went off from Gwen's purse, interrupting her band's pract"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"sugar glider","Author":"drmsqnc","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13248317","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Miles is angry. It starts way before the fight. It starts even before the collider –blistering heat and light and patches of darkness in between the light: but not like the dark of his room after hours, no, more like the pitless black of the abyss, more the void space in-between the stars, grinning, writhing outwards to eat and devour and destroy until absolutely everything was- It starts in an unfamiliar hallway weeks back. The school is new, the people are new, and maybe that wouldn't be all bad if they weren't all so different. Miles tries. It feels as though he is being thrown into a sea, naked and cold, strapped by the megaton chains of great expectations and expected not to drown. But he tries nonetheless, because he is Miles Morales. And in his mother's famous words: his family doesn't run from things. Until he does. Miles runs. His peers see him, but he is still very unseen. He fails on purpose, and maybe yes, he is still trying after all, because god knows his teachers won't even let him flunk without all of his effort put into it. That's fine. He falls, slowly. (He'll figure it out, like he always does.) And then he's plummeting at dead-neck speed, because if the mundane problems of his life weren't enough, suddenly the world is cracking open like an egg and there's power surging through his veins and reality as he knows it topsy turns over. There is no introduction. His body reminds him of that first morning he put on his new school outfit: a little too big, a little too foreign. It's a small price to pay for the superpowers but it's irritating nonetheless. And adjusting to it? The idea is laughable. Miles barely has the time to use the bathroom much less adjust to anything. Time must have broken along with the dimensions because seconds no longer exist; his life is suddenly ridiculously fast paced, danger after danger barreling into him with no buffer. It's scary and it's breathtaking and it's e xciting. Well. It's less exciting and more terrifying, because these people are actually trying to kill him. Not just injure him, or give him a broken bone that might really really hurt but actually kill him. Not only that, he's expected to fight them back. Miles tries. As usual, it's not enough. He does, however, manage to stay alive. Just long enough for terrifying to utterly collapse to anguish . (What makes a hero a hero?) Miles thinks he's seen a real hero about three times. The first is his dad. The second is unsurprisingly, his mom. The third is Peter. Not the Peter that tossed him off the top of a roof. The Peter that had saved him–had dove through the falling debris and caught him firm and secured milliseconds before he splintered on the ground. The one who breathed a mission into him, smiled at death's door like a champion and was Spider-man up until the very end. Not the Peter who stands there in his bedroom with guilt in his eyes and dares to tell him that he won't be coming with them. Miles is angry . The others, they are his people, but he is not theirs. The great expectations are the same and the failure is the same and he is seen but unseen and, \"Our family doesn't run from things,\" but he did . Miles ran . He ran from Peter Parker when he died, and he ran from his uncle when he died– god , god his uncle , left there in the alley in the dirt and the grime–and Miles still smells like garbage, plumes of exhaust in his head and something grey and rotting burning in his chest, and he will not run anymore. \"No!\" He screams. He is the one that must do this. There's a sigh. Then Peter's a blur, eyes hard and disappointed and Miles is dangling, snapping his teeth and sobbing. \"You're not ready,\" he says, and his voice is strained as though this is possibly somehow harder for him than it is for Miles. The worst part of it all is that Miles understands. A leap of faith. Fine. That's all it is, Miles. He understands and then his dad is there, so close but so so far and it's unfair how parents somehow always know exactly what to say, huh? I see this spark in you, son, it's amazing . He breathes. You're the best of all of us. His eyes blaze and the clouds and electricity in his lungs snap and flood him head to toe. (IloveyouIloveyouIloveyou) Leap? Miles stands. No. Miles is going to soar . ","Summary":" Miles is angry. It starts way before the fight. It starts even before the collider –blistering heat"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"A Web of Lies","Author":"jtippy100","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13252609","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Every time she opened her mouth, a lie came out. And it was ruining Miles' life. Hurting his self-esteem nothing else ever had. Only a week before he had even trusted her to be in charge of destroying Doc Ock's latest dastardly weapon, and yet here she was lying straight to his face. Miles knew she was lying to him. He was sure of it. But, as she ran her hand through her hair and stared at him waiting for a response, he felt conflicted. He had always been able to trust her. Why shouldn't he be able to now? \"Gwen. Can I trust you anymore? How can I know if you're telling the truth?\" \"Of course you can trust me, Miles. You know that. I'm your best friend. I would never lie to you. You're my favorite person in the multiverse and I would never do anything to hurt you. So, whaddya say?\" \"Okay, Gwen. I think...that you're spouting bullshit. There's no way you were telling the truth. You're a little lying snake!\" \"Two things about what you said there. First of all: little lying snake? I may be a lying snake but I'm still, like, an inch taller than you so. And second: you're dead wrong. I do, in fact, have three queens so the whole deck goes to you and I win the game! So suck it, Morales!\" Gwen said triumphantly as she threw her three remaining cards onto the deck. She stood up, stretched for a second, and then reached out a hand to help Miles to get off his ass. \"Uggghhhhh! How are you so good at this game? It shouldn't be possible. This is the seventh time you've beaten me in a row,\" a defeated Miles stated as he began to pick up the cards from their game. \"Didn't I tell you? One of my super-powers is the secretion of a pheromone that lets me influence what other people do,\" Gwen said nonchalantly as she hung from the ceiling of Miles' bedroom by a single strand of silk. \"What?!\" Miles exclaimed, grasping his hair in surprise, \"No way. I'm calling legit bullshit on this. There's no way. Please tell me you're lying.\" Gwen, however, did not say a word as Miles freaked out about her previously unknown \"power\". Instead, she opted to watch him freak and eat some of the snacks they'd brought to eat while playing. \"No. That can't be real. You may have had three queens, but this is too ridiculous. You're lying. Gwen. Answer me. Gwen. Stop eating all the Pringles and tell me you're lying Gwendolyn!\" \"Of course I'm lying, stupid. You're so easy to mess with. You need to work on that. You falling for my lies every time is due to a different type of super-power called 'I'm attractive and you're a straight boy'. Besides, if I could make you do anything I wanted, I wouldn't use it to beat you at card games,\" Gwen winked at Miles, who then became just about as red in the face as his hero's suit. \"But I have a feeling I don't need extra powers to get what I want outta you.\" A string of silk shot out of Gwen's wrist and attached to the door of Miles' room. She yanked her arm away, and the door slammed shut. ","Summary":" Every time she opened her mouth, a lie came out. And it was ruining Miles' life. Hurting his self-e"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"Not Your","Author":"Unproductive-Fangirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13250366","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Peter Everything was off. Not completely off, but enough to make it clear this New York was different from her own. The streets were laid out more or less the same, but they had different names. There was a McDonalds where her New York had a sub place, or a tourist trap instead of a family run general store. The biggest change was the man running around in a blue and red suit calling himself Spider-Man. Gwen didn't know how she'd gotten here, but if their Spider-Man was anything like her than he was probably her best bet to figure it out. Luckily he was fairly easy to track down, all she had to do was find a dangerous situation and as predicted he appeared. Following him was harder. If she hadn't been able to shoot webs and climb walls she wouldn't have been able to. The plan had been to confront him directly after the fight, but before she could he'd disappeared. Cursing Gwen had followed, doing her best to stay out of sight. The last thing she wanted was for word to get out in this world about her, at least not until she knew what was going on. Which also gave Spider-Man a leg up on her, as he had apparently no issues being seen. And Gwen had to admit, he knew what he was doing, swinging as fast, if not faster, than her. It wasn't until he finally stopped on top of an apartment building that Gwen managed to catch up. As she landed on the roof, Gwen ducked behind some equipment, taking a few seconds to catch her breath. She debated removing her mask, but decided against it. Taking it off while Spider-Man could see would probably be seen as a sign of good will rather than just stepping out without it. Taking a deep breath, Gwen turned and looked around the side of the equipment. Instead of stepping out, Gwen froze. Her breath caught, eyes fixed on the man in front of her. Spider-man had removed his mask and was working on slipping out of the suit as well, changing back into normal clothes. He wasn't looking at her, but his profile was enough for Gwen to recognize him instantly. He was older. A lot older, and for some reason his hair was blonde. Even with those differences, she knew who he was. There was no mistaking Peter Parker. Not for her. Peter was alive. He was there and he was okay, and for some reason he was Spider-Man. The spider must have bitten him instead of her. He was the one who had gotten powers. \" I just… just... wanted to be special… like you…\" Quickly Gwen closed her eyes, pushing away the memory, trying to focus on what was happening in front of her. Letting out a breath she opened her eyes again, trying to focus. She needed to talk to him, needed to tell Peter what was going on. A mixture of surprise and guilt kept her in place though, silently watching. It wasn't until the metal door to the stairs clanged shut behind him that she finally unfroze. Stepping out, Gwen looked down at her suit. She couldn't run through an apartment building wearing a costume. She especially couldn't show up at Peter's door in it. If he was a superhero, than this world's Gwen probably wasn't, and seeing her in the suit would just confuse things even more. Which meant she needed a change of clothes. Her eyes scanned the ground around her, landing on a store selling cheesy New York t-shirts. Not great, but it would work. Stealing also wasn't great, but at the moment it was her only choice. At least the shirts were on sale, and probably hadn't cost that much to make. Finding pants was going to be harder. Taking a deep breath, Gwen glanced back at the door to the stairs, before jumping off the side of the building. Finding a set of clothes hadn't been an easy task, especially well trying not to be seen. Gwen had done the whole wanted criminal thing before, doing it again didn't sound super fun. Which meant it took a longer time than she wanted to finally get back to the apartment building. It took less time to figure out which apartment was Peter's, but still longer than she would have liked. Despite how long it took, she found herself hesitating when she reached the apartment. Peter was here and on the other side of the door. It was hard to wrap her mind around, hard to believe this wasn't some eleberatoe prank. That her best friend was alive. This was going to be fine. She just had to stick to the script and not get overly emotional. She could do that, no problem. Taking a deep breath, Gwen forced herself to reach up and knock on the door. There was a rather long pause before the door finally opened. Instead of Peter though, Gwen found herself looking at a woman. It only took a second for her brain to match the face of the woman with one of her best friends. Older, like Peter was, but unmistakably Em Jay. \"Can I help you?\" Em Jay asked, smiling slightly, though she also looked confused and… cautious? There was a slight hesitation, a defensive way she held herself that wasn't present in the Em Jay that Gwen knew. Maybe it was something that came with getting older. Or maybe she knew the truth about Peter and it came from that. Would the Em Jay in her world start holding herself that way if she knew about Gwen? Trying to push past the weirdness and focus on what was happening, Gwen forced herself to look up at the woman \"I need to talk to Peter.\" \"I'm sorry?\" Em Jay seemed more cautious now as she looked down at Gwen \"May I ask who you are?\" That wasn't what Gwen had been expecting., but it was fine. If this was a world where Peter and Em Jay were already in their twenties then it stood to reason that the Gwen of this world would be too. Maybe that was it. She looked different then their Gwen had as a teen, or Em Jay hadn't processed that it was a younger version. If Peter could be blonde, who knew what the Gwen here looked like. Taking a deep breath, Gwen looked up at her \"This is probably going to sound crazy, but I promise I'm telling you the truth. I'm Gwen Stacy.\" Em Jay just looked at her in confusion for a moment, and Gwen assumed she was processing what she had said. Looking her over again to try and match up the girl in front of her with the twenty year old that Em Jay knew. Trying to figure out if this was a trick or- \"I'm sorry but I don't know who you are. Could you tell me what you are hoping to speak to my husband about?\" Gwen stopped. Everything she had been planning to say was gone, and besides it didn't matter anymore anyway. She had been expecting to not be recognized, to have to convince them she was who she claimed to be. But for Em Jay to not only not recognize her, but to clearly have no idea who Gwen Stacy was… not know who she was… Peter would know her. Peter would recognize her. No matter how different this world was, Peter would still know who she was, just like she had instantly known him. \"I just- I need to talk to Peter. Please Em Jay-\" \"Em Jay?\" She looked back at Gwen, still confused as she added \"How do you-\" \"Mary Jane?\" The voice hit Gwen harder than seeing him had. Without the visual there was no way to know it was a different person. It was just Peter. He was here. He was alive. \"Who's at the door?\" \"A girl- she says her name is Gwen?\" \"Gwen?\" There was confusion in the voice, but that might not mean anything. Maybe it was just weird for her to be here. It was late at night after all, under normal circumstances she would have called first. Then he was standing there, and Gwen knew the truth. There was no recognition in his eyes, not even confusion or surprise, just curiosity. Her best friend was standing in front of her, and he had no idea who she was. Despite herself, Gwen softly said \"Peter?\" \"That's me,\" Peter agreed, still looking at her curiously \"Can I help you?\" Gwen took a step away from the door. She couldn't do this. She couldn't stand there and look at her best friend when he had no idea who she was. Somehow that was worse than if she hadn't been able to see him at all. To have him back but like this… Gwen turned and ran down the hallway. She heard him call her name. Peter calling her name. Peter saying her name as he ran up to her, voice excited to tell her about his new Spider-Woman theory. Peter laughing to hard to Em Jay's joke. Yelling as he fell backwards. Whispering his final words. She pushed out of the fire escape. She felt a tug on her fingers as she pushed open the door, but she ignored it, pulling them away roughly. Without thinking she pushed herself up on railing, dropping down to the next level and so on. As soon as she hit the ground Gwen was running again. Peter was still calling her name, though Gwen wasn't sure if it was real or in her head. It didn't matter. She needed to get away from it, needed the memories to stop playing over and over in her head. Peter falling backwards, out of her reach. His body on the ground. His eyes- Peter's eyes- looking straight through her like a stranger. She needed to out run the echoing of his voice. It was a long time before she finally came to a stop. Ducking into an alley, Gwen leaned against the wall, letting out shaky breaths as she tried to calm down. Her hands were shaking, and it took a few minutes before she was able to seperate them from the pants she had found. Even than bits of the fibers were stuck to her fingers. Slowly she let herself move down so she was sitting on the ground, knees pulled up as she continued to try and catch her breath. There was the \"thwap\" of a web hitting a building. Glancing up, Gwen managed to catch a glimpse of the red suit swinging past high above her. Spider-Man off to help someone in trouble, or possibly looking for her. Part of her wondered if she should push herself up to go help, but he didn't need her. This world had their own superhero, just like they had their own Em Jay. Their own Peter. He might look and sound the same, but he wasn't the Peter that Gwen had known. No matter how much she wanted it, the man she had meet would never be her Peter. ","Summary":" Peter Everything was off. Not completely off, but enough to make it clear this New York was differe"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"The Most Beautiful Flowers","Author":"LucyLuna","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13226703","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Most Beautiful Flowers \"Hey, Mrs. Parker?\" \"Yes?\" the woman asked as she put a plate of assorted Girl Scout cookies down on the kitchen table for them to snack on while they made shop talk about Miles's suit and web-shooters. \"And I've told you before, just call me May.\" Miles nodded like he understood and would remember to in the future, but knew he wouldn't. He was still in school where just about all adults he knew went by Mr., Ms., or Mrs. something or other. Habit would pretty much guarantee he'd call her Mrs. Parker again before he left today. Thankfully, it didn't seem to frustrate or upset her much if at all. Taking one of the caramel coconut cookies off the top of the pile, he stuffed it in his mouth and chewed it over as he thought how to pose the question that he'd been turning over in his head for the last couple of days. When done, he swallowed the cookie and took a sip from the glass of water the older woman had placed next to him a minute ago. Finally, he returned his attention Mrs. Parker, whose own gaze had never wavered from Miles. \"You know how there's a Spider in, like, every universe?\" She leaned forward to rest her chin on her steepled hands. \"Yes,\" she answered. Miles picked a couple of more cookies from the pile, this time going for the ones that were all chocolate on one side. \"And how a lot of them are Peter Parkers?\" \"I do.\" He bit one of the cookies in half and talked around his mouthful, \"D'you think other universes have me in them too? I mean, in the old Peter's universe he had a you and a Mary Jane too…\" The older woman's eyes crinkled, both with amusement and a little pain. It'd been a couple of months since their Peter's unfortunate demise and since Miles took up the mantle of Spider-Man, but he knew it still hurt Mrs. Parker to talk about her nephew sometimes. Miles didn't blame her at all; his own uncle had been gone nearly just as long and he still had to hide under bed sheets or in some dark alleyways in Brooklyn and cry about him from time to time. Sometimes, Miles felt guilty for needing to. His Uncle Aaron hadn't been a good guy and Miles had paid enough attention to the news over the years to know his uncle had done some pretty sick stuff as his alter ego. Yet… Uncle Aaron had been good, at least to Miles. So good that sometimes he'd even felt like the only adult who got Miles. He was abruptly pulled from his heavy thoughts by Mrs. Parker clearing her throat. He watched her pick a cookie – a thin mint – from the pile for herself and take a small bite from it. \"Yes, I do imagine they have many of the people we have here in them too. Most of them are practically the same as our own with only a little change here and there.\" Miles smiled and chuckled. \"Yeah, that's true. It was kind of a dumb question, huh?\" \"I wouldn't say that… Peni's not exactly anything like the rest of you and that's really something, considering there had been a walking, talking, thinking , pig in my house for a good minute there.\" Miles grinned wider and laughed louder now. \"He was pretty wack, wasn't he? \"Spider-Ham was perfectly lovely… But, yes, he was wack .\" He snickered. \"I guess some universes are just bound to be super different from others.\" \"Yes, they are.\" Tossing another cookie into his mouth, Miles ate it and then another before he said, \"Gwen's universe didn't seem too different from us I felt. D'you think there's also one of her here in our universe?\" Miles smirked to himself. \"I wonder if she's in a band here too? That'd be tight! I could go sneak into one of her practices, not like a creep, of course, just as an admirer, and…\" he trailed off as he began to notice the strange twistedness to Mrs. Parker's lips. Miles furrowed his brows. \"Did I say something wrong?\" he asked hesitantly. The older woman shook her head and reached over to place her hand on the one Miles had resting on the kitchen's tabletop. \"Oh, no, honey,\" she said. \"It's just…\" She sighed. \"There was a Gwen.\" \"Was?\" Mrs. Parker turned her gaze to the doorway leading into the living room. \"Maybe I should get one of the old photo albums…\" she murmured. \"No,\" Miles told her. \"Can you just— Was ?\" The older woman sighed once again and nodded her head. \"Years ago, when Peter was still a teenager, there was a Gwen Stacy. She and Peter met in their Freshman biology class and clicked. It was an instant friendship between the two and they were always coming here to do projects together…\" Mrs. Parker's eyes turned a little misty as her gaze turned inward. \"At this very table, in fact, they came up with the idea that would win them first place in their Sophomore-year science fair. Shortly after Peter became Spider-Man the two of them even began to date. They were so sweet,\" she whispered, wiping a tear from her eye. \"But then the Green Goblin happened and—\" Mrs. Parker stopped to take a shuddering breath. \"It was devastating for all of us, but I think it really shook Peter for a while and made him really reconsider being Spider-Man.\" \"Really?\" Miles asked in a hushed whisper as his mind reeled. Why did all of the coolest people have to die? Peter? Gwen? Uncle Aaron? Mrs. Parker got up to get a kleenex, but when she returned, she answered Miles's half-question, half-exclamation. \"Yes, but he managed to heal enough from Gwen's passing to keep wearing the mask and even find love again, as silly as that may sound to a boy your age.\" \"It's not,\" Miles reassured her. \"It's… I guess it's kind of good, in a way, to know he was so strong. I know he didn't really get to teach me anything like he wanted, but… I'm glad he got back in the game and everything went the way it did. Otherwise—\" Miles looked to his hands. \"I dunno. I'm not sure I'd have taken his place.\" \"Oh, Miles,\" Mrs. Parker mumbled as she came around to hug him, which he eagerly returned. It was nice, she smelled like flowers and was soft in the right places, like his abuela, and it made him feel cared about. \"You're a good boy,\" she told him. He squeezed her gently in return. \"And you're a really great aunt, Aunt May.\" She pulled away slightly and Miles feared he'd maybe overstepped a line, but when he glanced up to meet her gaze, he saw only warmth shining in her wet eyes. \"Oh, Miles!\" she mumbled before tightening her embrace to the point he was struggling to breathe. \"Aunt May!\" he wheezed. She let up. \"Sorry, honey,\" she apologized. \"Peter used to complain I hugged him too hard at times too.\" He patted the older woman's back. \"It's alright,\" he assured her. \"Kinda nice, actually.\" She squeezed him a little longer and then let him go with a laugh. \"So polite,\" she teased. \"You'll make someone a lovely boyfriend someday.\" \"Aunt May…\" he complained as she giggled into her hands and went to sit back down. Once she was in her chair and smiling, she asked, \"So, how's your web-shooter working? Well? Do you need more fluid for it?\" How did you enjoy this little story? Let me know what you think! Thank you for reading :) ","Summary":" The Most Beautiful Flowers \"Hey, Mrs. Parker?\" \"Yes?\" the woman asked as she put a plate of ass"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"The spider things","Author":"TheBoludaSpring","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13236314","Passage":"[Chapter 1] N/A: Entonces … hice una cosa. Basado en el UA donde Peter B. Parker y Miles Morales comparten el mismo universo, y Peter B., Spider-Man, mantiene una amistad con el policía Jefferson Davis. Luego de trabajar juntos en su juventud debido a algún crimen, Jeff aprende su identidad, pero decide no llevarlo a la autoridad a pesar de que no está de acuerdo con sus métodos. Peter B. no sabe que Jefferson conocía su identidad. The Spider Things Es más allá de la madrugada cuando su teléfono celular suena, enviando una sacudida de adrenalina a su cuerpo. No es la primera vez que Jefferson es despertado en medio de la noche por una llamada, así que antes de tomar el teléfono ya está sentado, abandonando el sueño, y dispuesto a salir inmediatamente de la cama en respuesta a alguna situación policíaca. El problema es que el nombre en el identificador de llamadas no es el que esperaba. El nombre de Miles acaba con la adrenalina y en cambio envía un terror frío por su cuerpo. No tarda un segundo más en responder, rezando que nada le haya sucedido a su muchacho. — ¿Miles, Miles? ¿Estás bien? — siente una mano en su brazo, Rio está despierta y preocupada a su lado, pero él no puede prestarle atención cuando la única respuesta que viene del teléfono son respiraciones que Jeff, en su experiencia como policía, puede identificar como asustadas. — ¡Miles! ¿Estás bien? Contesta, muchacho. — Sí, yo— suspiró aliviado con esa simple confirmación— papá, yo … algo ha pasado, y necesito tu ayuda. — Claro, hijo. ¿Qué pasa? Escucha pasos en la cocina de su casa, puede ver una sombra debajo de la puerta de su dormitorio. Lentamente, abre el cajón de su cómoda mientras toma el arma dentro de éste. Comparte una mirada con su esposa, y ambos se levantan de la cama. — No puedo decirte, no por teléfono. Yo … estoy en casa. Siente sus hombros caer en alivio mientras observa a Rio correr hasta la cocina; él se toma un momento para calmarse y guardar el arma antes de seguirla. Fuera de la habitación, su mujer abraza con fuerza al niño que tanto aman. Observa que no es hasta tenerlo en sus brazos que ella puede respirar de nuevo, y Jeff se resiste las ganas de gritarle a Miles por asustarlos así, ¿en qué estaba pensado…? Miles escupe su explicación siquiera antes que él o Rio tengan la oportunidad preguntar. Él es rápido, desesperado y asustado, mezclando los dos idiomas que maneja sin siquiera darse cuenta. Hay también una demostración, y está es todavía peor porque el miedo de su hijo es demasiado palpable, y Miles es tan joven (¿cómo no se había dado cuenta que era tan joven?), y- Jefferson está en silencio, una mano sobre su boca, demasiado sorprendido para responder. Su esposa, en cambio, es rápida en volver a abrazar a su muchacho con protectores brazos mientras murmura promesas y afectos en español; ella lo mira también, preocupada y esperando que él tenga una solución. Las huellas de los zapatos de Miles están en su pared y en su techo, y los cómics de Spider-Man que había traído consigo aún en sus manos. Tiene una solución, pero no una que le guste. Miles camina a su lado. Él y Rio no conversaron anoche, sin importar cuánto lo necesitaban. Miles durmió entre ellos, y aunque fue un arreglo incómodo, su espalda es testigo de ello, los tres se sintieron seguros, y eso era lo único importante. Por la mañana, sin embargo, luego de un buen desayuno que sirvió para aliviar todavía más a su hijo, acordaron que lo que estaba pasando con Miles y una posible solución eran más importante que su asistencia a clases por el momento (—Debes llevarlo con él, lo sabes, ¿verdad, querido?; — Lo sé, lo sé. No tengo opción, no con esto). Están en un edificio, viejo y sucio que el pequeño Morales no deja de mirar con muecas, y la propia puerta en la que se detienen no está mucho mejor. Jeff duda unos segundos en tocar, pero finalmente lo hace, resignado. Tal como había dicho a su esposa, no tiene muchas más opciones, y a pesar de que solo desea alejarse y evitar que su hijo conozca a la persona del otro lado, dicha persona es la mejor oportunidad para entender lo que está sucediendo. La puerta se abre. El hombre ante ellos está, en todo sentido, arruinado. Le toma un rápido vistazo reconsiderar que quizás éste no es el mejor camino a tomar. — ¿Davis? ¡Digo! —un par de toses incomodas— Oficial, ¿en qué puedo ayudarle? Jefferson soltó un suspiro de cansancio, resistiendo las ganas de alejarse, él ya sentía un dolor de cabeza venir. Todavía costaba creer que ese hombre, tan mal mentiroso, logró mantener un secreto tan grande durante veintidós años, imagina que tiene más que ver con la suerte. De cualquier manera, él ya está ahí, y Peter B. Parker es exactamente lo que su hijo necesita, aunque no le guste. Colocó a Miles delante suyo, justo enfrente del hombre, ignorando de manera muy eficaz la mirada cuestionadora que Miles le enviaba junto con el murmurado \"¿papá?\". — Éste es mi hijo, Miles Morales. Él necesita tu ayuda con, ya sabes, uh, las cosas de araña. — ¿Qué? — Las cosas de Spider-Man. — ¿Qué? N/A: Tal vez escriba más de esto en algún futuro. ¡Comentarios son muy apreciados! ","Summary":" N/A: Entonces … hice una cosa. Basado en el UA donde Peter B. Parker y Miles Morales comparten el m"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"Diner Chats","Author":"LucyLuna","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13249841","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Diner Chats It wasn't often the spiders physically went to one another's universes. It was still too dangerous to stay in a New York that wasn't your own for very long since they had yet to find a way to stabilize an alternate Spider's existence in a universe they didn't belong to. But that didn't mean Gwen didn't go to visit Miles sometimes (or Peni, on one or two occasions). Nor did it mean she stopped other spiders from coming to see or help her out in her New York. Sometimes, Gwen was even the one to invite them. Which was exactly how she had found herself in a Brooklyn diner sipping on a milkshake as she watched Peter chow down on a cheeseburger. The small moans he was making as he ate it was kind of disgusting, but cute too, in its own strange way. It brought back now fond memories of her best friend also making noises when he ate a particularly good cheeseburger. She remembered she used to tease him for it. But Gwen didn't think she could do the same with this Peter. He was old enough to be her dad and while he felt more like a fun uncle whom you could pal around with than a parental authority, she still didn't think even a \"fun uncle\" would take well to a teen criticizing how he ate. No matter how light-heartedly it was done. Putting down her milkshake, she waited for Peter to finish his burger before she inquired, \"Hey, Peter, can I ask you something?\" Distracted with cleaning his face of ketchup and mustard from his burger, he said, \"Sure, kid, shoot.\" Gwen took a deep breath. \"Is there… Did you… Have you run into a Miles in your New York?\" she finally stammered out. Balling up the napkin he'd used to clean his face, Peter tossed it on his now empty plate as he answered, \"Nope.\" \"…Oh.\" Turning his head and looking out the window, Peter slouched in his seat as he mused, \"But, ya know, I think I have crossed paths with his dad a few times over the years—\" He stopped abruptly and met Gwen's gaze, his eyes slightly wider than before as he babbled, \"I mean, I can't say for sure, but looking back…\" he trailed off, only to nod to himself. \"Yeah, it was him. So, I'm sure there's a Miles out there somewhere.\" He grimaced a little as he put his elbows on the table and leaned in closer to Gwen. \"The Prowler too, actually,\" Peter added in a low grumble, \"and quite recently.\" Gwen blinked. That was interesting. And telling. Peter was likely right he had a Miles too, but his wasn't powered like them (probably) if his uncle was still kicking. \"Huh,\" she muttered, letting the two of them lapse into silence. After a couple of minutes, Peter cleared his throat and asked, \"Ehm, Gwen, I don't want to pry or anything, but was this chat the reason you invited me to your 'verse and not to discuss strategies for handling the Rhino as you implied?\" She frowned and cast her attention to the other occupants in the diner. It was busy, but that was no surprise. It was just before one on a Saturday. \"I do want to talk about the Rhino,\" she told him. He was a tricky villain to deal with. Not overly bright, but quite resilient. Especially since he began to wear the suit that resisted the webbing she and Aunt May made together to melt his enhanced skin so he could be sedated and locked in a secure prison. Twirling a lock of hair on her finger, she murmured, \"I was just… Wondering, I guess.\" Peter chuckled. \"Wondering, huh? Or have you bumped into your New York's little goofball?\" Gwen sighed. \"Yeah,\" she confessed, adding in a mumble, \" Little being the keyword.\" Confusion puckered Peter's brow. \"Being the— Oh. Oh .\" Brown eyes now soft and sympathetic, he reached across the table to lay his hand atop Gwen's own. \"Aw, kid.\" Carefully, she extracted herself from Peter's touch. \"No, it's fine,\" Gwen assured him. Smiling, she told Peter, \"Miles is cute. Sometimes, I babysit him. He's not Miles , but he's close and it's… Nice.\" A miffed air overcame Peter's expression. \"Do ya? Kid, you know you don't have to do all of that if you do want to. I know it must make you miss our Miles like crazy between visits to his New York.\" \"I can handle it,\" Gwen replied while letting her gaze drift to the window beside them as she continued, \"Besides, what you go throw must be so much worse. Having to see Miles's Peter's Aunt May when you go there… \" she trailed off and bit her lip. Finally, she whispered, \"Having to speak and work with me so much.\" Now sitting up straight and eyes large with bewilderment, he asked, \"What are you talking about?\" Gwen looked briefly at the man and rolled her eyes before she returned her attention to the busy street outside the diner. \"I'm not dumb, Peter. You had a Gwen like I had a Peter. I bet you failed to save her like I failed to save my best friend.\" Out of the corner of her eyes, she watched Peter run a hand over his hair and then cover his mouth before he muttered, \"Jeezus, Gwen—\" Gwen shook her head and cut off Peter, \"—No, I know I'm right and it's okay .\" Forcing a small smile, she said, \"Yeah, sometimes I feel worse after seeing you and after I babysit there are times I really, really wish Miles was my Miles, but other times – lots of the time – I feel better.\" She then looked to the table and started to trace a nonexistent shape in the wood's grain with her finger. Softly, she told Peter, \"It's kind of nice seeing you because while you're not my best friend, I see a lot of him in you and it makes him feel not so gone. It's the same with Miles. He's already so much like ours and as weird as it can get, I also like it. It's cool seeing him become a little more of the guy I know every time I see him. \" She lifted her gaze to meet Peter's eyes, and finished, hopeful, \"You know?\" Peter's shoulders relaxed and a smile quirked the corners of his mouth. \"Yeah, kid.\" Relieved he understood, Gwen grinned before she grabbed her milkshake once again and took a large gulp. When done, she said, \"I know I asked you about your New York's Miles first, but I really do want to talk about the Rhino. He used to be just kind of a nuisance. Since he's got this acid-resistant suit of his, he's turned into a real pain.\" \"It's a suit he wears that's acid resistant, huh? Interesting. That's not how it is in my universe. In mine, he underwent some other experiment to become physically impervious to it…\" I thought this would be a fun addition to the series, what do you think? Thanks for reading! ","Summary":" Diner Chats It wasn't often the spiders physically went to one another's universes. It was still to"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"Withered Flowers, Brittle Thorns (One-Shot)","Author":"OfficialUSMWriter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13243713","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Things to know! This is set in an AU where people get flowers and/thorns on their bodies when they go through different circumstances. I hope you guys like, I had so much fun writing this, and I absolutely adored \"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse.\" NOTE: I changed up a few things in Peter B.'s origin. As in, he broke his back AFTER MJ and him divorced. 1 He lost his first flower the day they put Aunt May's coffin in the ground. The beautiful tulips that bloomed along his shoulders throughout the years had shriveled into husks the moment the first mound of dirt landed inside the grave. He didn't need to see them to know that they were dying off. He could feel the petals turning to dust as the stems hardened and grew thick bristles. By the time he made it back home, they were nothing but a gnarled branch of thorns sitting a top his shoulders. Peter noticed, but couldn't bring himself to look. For the first couple of days, in the hours that he wasn't grieving with MJ, he was busying himself as Spider-Man. He didn't want to see the repercussions of losing his Aunt. Seeing it made it real. So, he went out every night, all night, and came back early in the morning, went to work, came home, and the cycle repeated. It was only when MJ confronted him about his, albeit, unhealthy grieving method, did he stop long enough to take a shower. When he threw his shirt on the ground and looked into the mirror, half-expecting to see the beautiful, blooming tulips, his heart withered. All that was left were thorns. The flowers, once the same pigment as her eyes, were gone. The hole puncturing his heart yawned wider. It was true then. Aunt May was gone. She was really gone. He'd never see her again. Never kiss her forehead when she sent him on his way with food. Never feel her fingers ruffle his hair when he forgot to cut it. Never visit Uncle Ben's grave every year with her. Because now…there were two graves he'd be visiting. He didn't know when it happened, all he knew was that he belonged on the ground, and sank into a huddled pile on the floor, back against the wall. He didn't end up showering. MJ found him still sitting there the next morning. 2 The 2nd time he lost a flower, it was the blue forget-me-nots that dotted his temple. Money was getting tighter, and MJ wasn't making enough to support them both financially. The Spider-themed restaurant turned out to be a terrible idea and was under wraps within the first two weeks. Consquentially, their money crisis only got worse. Looking at the terrible reviews, failing numbers, and ever-increasing bills, it felt as though every financial problem was a sack of bowling balls hanging off his shoulders. He was supposed to be smart. He was supposed to help FIX the problem, not make it worse. What was the point of having a brain as \"intelligent\" as his if he couldn't help? He was useless. Worthless. Of course the restaurant wouldn't work, what was he thinking? You're an idiot, Parker. You're an idiot and now MJ is gonna have to work over-time because you're stupid-ass can't do anything right. Through the crude reflection in his dirtied laptop screen, he watched as the forget-me-nots blackened, making room for a vine of thorns that curled around his temple. 3 The third time Peter lost a flower, it was the one he'd grown to cherish the most. He knew his relationship with MJ was getting dicey, ever since the first night she brought up the idea of starting a family. Peter would never forget the excitement in her eyes. The vivacity of her voice. The awe in the domestic fantasies she painted for the both of them as they lay in bed. Nor could he ever forget the abject terror that gripped his heart. Start a family? Have kids ? Sure, they've been married for a bit, but...a family... There were so many things to consider, like how he was going to support and love his children. How was he going to keep his family safe? The sheer level of incompetency he's shown in the superhero community was unfathomable. He hadn't been able to keep Aunt May safe, he's displayed obvious incompetence finance wise, and - as much as a part of him wanted to - he couldn't give up being Spider-Man. Because (as much as saying it made him want to throw-up and die), with great power there must also come great responsibility . He still had a responsibility to New York. To Spider-Man. To Uncle Ben. If having responsibilities like Spider-Man was in any way like having a family, Peter didn't think he could do it. There were a great many things he's screwed up, and a whole plethora of mistakes waiting for him, but a family was NOT going to be one of them. Perhaps he could've been more gentle when he shot her down, though. Maybe if he had sorted through his thoughts a little better and got his reasons out, he would have been able to stop the hurt disappointment from replacing her excitement. \"…fine...okay,\" her voice was low, words tight, and she turned her back to him, and went to sleep. Then the arguments followed. They started out small, but only grew. MJ stopped confided in him, and he couldn't bring himself to dump his domestic fears on her. So the arguments got more frequent. Empty silences began filling the dinner table. Neither of them was ignorant of the way they began avoiding each other. Peter should've known what was about to happen. Should've seen it coming. Should've tried to prevent it. They tried to find a way past the differing domestic views, but it got too hard. MJ was heartbroken, and why wouldn't she be? It's not as if Peter had completely murdered her plans for them both. It's not as if he didn't shoot her down every time she brought it up. He signed the divorce papers, even though it felt like ripping his very heart out. As soon as he could, he looked toward the only escape he could think of. He pulled out the Spidey costume, grabbed his web shooters, and prepared himself for a grueling, miserable night on the town when he noticed that the rose on his chest looked considerably smaller. It was right over his heart, a flower planted there by MJ. She had a blue spider-lily over her own. Just seeing it felt like claws sinking into his chest. Jerking his spandex on, he threw the window open and dived face-first into New York. He was out the whole night, the entire day, and the following evening. The emotions tearing him up throughout the hours. The grief, the pain, the heart ache, the anger, the rage, the sorrow. He felt as though he'd been infected with a symbiote all over again. An entity that fed him negativity. Or maybe he was the one feeding it his. By the time he retired to his recently-acquired apartment, he was drained, mentally, physically, and emotionally. He hobbled to the bathroom, turned the shower on, and began the strenuous task of undressing. Crime fighting seemed harder than it had been. Granted, he didn't try blocking most of the punches. His shirt was off when it caught his eye. The rose over his heart was nearly gone. Shriveled so small, he could barely see it through the tight cluster of thorns hiding it from view. The rose, his love for MJ... Where did it go? That hurt. It hurt worse than every hit he took in the past few days. The rose on his chest, right over his heart – the symbol of his and MJ's connection - was gone. For the longest time, he couldn't move. He was snapped out of his paralyzed state of mind when the old shower-spout screeched from its waning water pressure. Quickly, he yanked his shirt back on, too afraid to see the knot over his heart again. A glass film seemed to slide over his eyes. Its surface was muddled and foggy, casting everything around him in a hazy gloom. The shower was still running. Sweat and the stench of garbage hung off him like a coat. Numbly, almost robotically, he stepped in the shower, only faintly aware that he was still in full costume. A long minute passed of him staring at the grimy, water-stained tiles before he collapsed. Falling down into the tub floor, he curled his knees into his chest, hugging them tightly, and cried. It was as if every tragedy and screw-up of last year came crashing down on him in one unfailing swoop. And at the top of his misery, the rotten cherry to his sloppy, putrescent excuse for a sundae, the separation between him and MJ seeped through the cracks, painting his ribs, lungs, and heart in dark sable gunk. The type of gunk that came out of old trash heaps. Of course his epiphany hits him during his pity shower, because where else? Dammit, he's messed up so much . All he ever did was hurt everyone around him. He loved MJ - loved her with everything he had - but it was because of him that she was gone. It was his fault those thorns were there. Not her's. He cut her off, disassociated himself, and for that he didn't deserve her rose. Peter was plummeting, and not even Spider-Man could save him. 4 The fourth time he lost a flower was when he broke his back. A fall he didn't necessarily want to stop. His reward: a thick trunk of gnarled thorns that grew down his spine. The 5 th time he lost a flower, it wasn't even just one. Every hit he took, every punch to the face he welcomed, every kick he didn't bother to block, the flowers died and thorns grew. Spreading, coiling, and connecting till he was nothing but a bristle layer of weeds underneath a bright costume. He stopped reaching out to people, too ashamed. Too afraid. The flowers he obtained over the years, the marigolds and dandelions, and lilies, and lycoris, and dahlias died. The symbols of his triumphs, loves, successes and friendships were gone. And...he just couldn't find it in him to care anymore. What was the point? He's ruined everything in his life. He couldn't even do superheroing right. The media was getting on his back more and more for his mess-ups, and he couldn't blame them. He was the worst hero out there, and his city deserved better. It couldn't even be considered his city anymore. He was just as much a problem than the villains he fought. They were all right. He was useless. Worthless. The only thing he had left was nature documentaries and pizza. That is, until one night when an interdimensional portal opened up in his room. And then he met Miles Morales. After a few days of slinking around, Peter gathered the courage to stop by the cemetery. He wanted to wish his other-self a farewell, if just out of respect, and that was when he saw the kid for the first time. His back was turned, so there was nothing distinguishing about him other than his drooping shoulders and tiny build. Peter would've thought nothing of it and waited for the kid to move on if he hadn't picked up what the kid was saying. \"-ister Parker, but that thing you gave me. That key.\" the kid moved, cradling something in his hand. \"I think I really screwed it up.\" THAT got Peter's attention. This small, lanky kid had associated with this Peter Parker - talked with his other self - before he died. Maybe the kid knew what happened. Those who usually kept in the company of Spider-Man were in the thick of things, so maybe the kid could help him. Granted, Peter probably shouldn't have approached him from behind at a dark-hour of night, a dirty, scuffed up man with thorns all over his body. So, yeah, admittedly that was on him . But the kid didn't need to electrocute him. Then it was bright again and he was getting pulled through the air because the kid was apparently a maniac and trying to KILL him. This must've been how this dimensions Spider-Man died. And then he was knocked out AGAIN. So, given that, Peter wasn't exactly in the best mood when he woke up the second time crudely tied to a punching bag – which was ironic in itself because he already considered himself a universal punching bag - with the lanky, maniac kid trying to interrogate him. In a very bad way, Peter might add, because he's been interrogated a number of times, and this was definitely lacking - don't ask, the mafia sucked. Turns out, the kid was actually a spider. Which was...interesting. Kind of young though. Last Peter knew, they were supposed to come in 15's, not 12's. At least the kid looked 12, how old was he? At first glance, Peter couldn't tell If the kid even had any flowers (or thorns) on him. He was green. A seed. A young bud. Until he noticed the petals of prairie gentian on the palms of his hands, and a small lacing of marigolds on his brow, almost obstructed by the shadows of the room. Upon closer inspection, Peter noticed that there was a line of bristled thorns on his wrist too. But when the kid realized he was looking, he tucked his hands in his jeans and kept on pestering him with questions. But there was time to dwell on that later, because as Peter suspected, Miles DID know how he got there. Kingpin turned on some inter-dimensional collider machine for some - likely evil - reason, so at least Peter had a way to get back home. Now, all he needed to do was find the collider and hop in when it turned on again. Coolio. Fantastic. Piece of cake. What he didn't expect was to adopt the kid as his personal shadow along the way. Admittedly, Miles had some pretty good information - like the goober (whether it was busted or not) and the collider being in Kingpins basement, but that was in no way, shape, or form, an invitation to enlist him in some part-time Spider-Man coach shtick. The kids' Spider-Man might've offered to teach him the ropes, but Spider-Man's promises didn't automatically apply to OTHER Spider-Men, especially if that Spider-Man didn't even belong in that universe. Peter wasn't obligated to take Miles under his wing. He didn't have to teach him the tricks of the trade. It wasn't on him. And YET the kid had the audacity to make him feel guilty about it. He wasn't going to bring some kid along. Maybe that made him hypocritical because HE had been that same confused kid once, but... But seriously, it was better for Miles to stay out of it anyway. Peter wasn't going to let him tag along and kill himself... Nope...no he was NOT, because he didn't have time for that. This dimensions issues were not his problem. The kid could pout on the wall all he wanted because Peter wasn't going to give in. He WASN'T. Sure, Miles was probably confused, and hurt, and worried...and...scared? He could be scared. Alone. So in over his head that he didn't know what to do... Inexperienced because no one else was there to help...no one to talk to...lonely... so lonely... But NO! Miles was NOT going to win. He wasn't! He...the kid was... Okay, Miles won. Whatever, don't worry about it. Peter supposed it involved him to, so might as well ... Besides, if he didn't take him - if personal experience was anything to go by - then Miles was just going to do something irrational and get himself tied up in it anyway. So, this was probably for the best, and he wasn't just saying that because Miles also paid for his dinner. Just for the record though, if Peter had known that into doing so they adopt another spider, he would've declined. Which...Peter wasn't actually as irritated as he expected himself to be. Sure, maybe he was a little exasperated, but that was because he had really been looking forward to the bagel they lost at Alchemax. Gwen had a bit more color on her than Miles. A bushel of larkspur grew up her neck and cheek, but through the blue petals, thorns peeped through - Peter suspected those had appeared when her friend died. Still, she seemed like a great kid, and she already knew Miles, so he didn't have to suffer through any awkward adult-to-teenager-teenager introductions, which he appreciated. Nor did he find it irritating when Miles broken goober was put on him. The kid had been through enough already AND he went in to help Peter when he didn't have to. So it was fine. Besides, those two were kinda cute, so whatever. They were a LOT less cute when they dragged him to Aunt May's house. Which, okay, okay , maybe he should've thought this one through too, because he was NOT ready to face this. His Aunt May's death was still a bleeding wound, and there was no way he was going to come out of this confrontation without sustaining heavy emotional injury. What would Aunt May think of him now? With his clothes, and his smell - gosh, the smell - and his THORNS. He wasn't like her Peter Parker. Couldn't even hold up a candle to him. Yet, when they're eyes met, it was like seeing all his pain and yearning reflected back at him. Aunt May, alive and healthy, and okay. And when she touched his face, when her warm fingers grazed his skin, the wound closed. A burdening weight on his shoulders vanished and his heart felt lighter. He would always miss Aunt May, but it was good to know that somewhere, in some dimension, she was still alive. It was the closure he needed. But he still didn't hold a candle to her Peter, with his very, very pompous Spider-cave-. Like, okay, did he really need to go that overboard? What happened to financial crisis and back-breaking money issues? That was, like, their thing . And this guy just tossed it out the window like it was nothing - hahaha..yeah...what a - what a jerk, right? ...he really needed to get his life together. Which seemed almost impossible when he met the other three Spiders. Peni Parker, with vibrant clusters of poppies and forget-me-nots painting her skin. (She had thorns too). He could only assume Spider-Ham was a vibrant, cartoonish painting of roses and dandelions. But when he took off his mask, if just for a second, Peter saw thorns. To be honest, Spider-Man Noir seemed like the only one could match Peter, thorn wise. He kept himself covered at all times, but the way he regarded Peter's bristles, the ones they could see, not even batting an eye at them. As if he's seen it all before, and worse. When Miles saw them he'd been (politely) surprised, Gwen slightly caught off guard, Spider-Ham ignored them, Peni Parker gave him a sad smile, but it was Noir who'd simply clapped him on the shoulder, nodded at him knowingly, and that was it. Didn't need to say it because he knows. He understood what it was like having so many thorns. To constantly catch people's eye because - hell, how does someone get so many? What did he do? What happened to him? I'm glad it isn't me. Cause that's the thing. Flowers were beautiful. They filled your skin with color and beauty. Of all the love and success and character you have. All the good you've done. Painting your skin with trophies because you did it! You made it out alive and whole. Congratulations! Whereas thorns were a different story. A testimony to what you've done, but instead of beauty and color, it was dry and brittle. Pain, and hurt, and depression, and I can't , and don'ts, and pathetic, and menace , and bent, and unfixable. A sign painted on your back. Troubled and broken, it said. Look here, this person's been through hell. Make sure to stare long and hard, but keep your distance. You don't want to be cut. Yet, the spiders didn't keep their distance. Miles, Aunt May, Gwen, Peni, Spider-Ham, and Noir - they didn't stare, or look at him with pity or skepticism. They brought him in, laughed him with, joked with him, grabbed his heart and helped it back up after it's been lying on the ground for so long. He thought it was incapable of ever standing again. These people, with all their stories, and flowers, and - yes - thorns. They were like him. And he wanted them to be happy back. He wanted Miles to know that he was going to be okay. Peter knew Miles watched his Spider-Man die, which is where he got those thorns on his wrist. Experiencing something like that, so young, it was bound to leave an impression. And Peter didn't want Mile to get anymore. He wanted this kid to know that he could DO this. That he was going to be okay. He could be Spider-Man and he would be great. If only the rest of the Spiders saw it that way. Sure, he'd admit that they had a right to be wary. Miles was still pretty green to the superhero wallcrawler shtick, but they had to give him a chance. The kid was impressive, and he had the heart for the job. Peter's seen it, experienced, almost cried because he could feel it. The kid couldn't be knocked down. Which was why it was so startling when he burst through Aunt May's door the next day in hysterics. Babbling, on the verge of tears, and so panicked it physically hurt. It was something about the Prowler. That his uncle...was...the Prowler? Peter didn't have much time to wrap his head around that when they were attacked. Ock was back again. Which Peter wasn't exactly thrilled about, seeing how their last interaction involved her eagerness to watch his atoms break down and deteriorate. Oh, and because she tried to kill them too, what's up with that? Then the Prowler showed up and there was no way in hell Peter was going to make Miles confront that. The kid was hysterical as it was. Which is why it was very bad when he lost sight of Miles in the battle. Peter tried to find him - tried desperately to find him - but there were so many things happening. So many people trying to punch him at once. Spider-people jumping in and out of his vision, left and right, but none of them were Miles. He couldn't see the Prowler either, and that was firing off some major no-no's in his head. He eventually followed the sound of a gunshot outside. He didn't have time to wonder how they got there or the fact that the Prowler was unmasked and in Miles's arm. All he focused on was the gun Kingpin had pointed at Mile's and that he was NOT going to allow it. Stopping the shot was the easy part, keeping Kingpin's monstrous butt off Miles was the other. But he managed to buy him time to get himself and his uncle away. Thankfully, the police showed up and coerced the villains into retreating. Wilson Fisk couldn't be seen in public with that lot, and his hasty group of criminals had enough obedience training to scurry off when they were called. Peter and the rest of the Spider's couldn't be seen either. (The world wasn't ready for that headache yet.) So, they regrouped in the spider-cave, listening to the police scanners for any word of Miles or the villains. That's when they heard it. Aaron Davis was found dead in an alleyway, and there was an APB out for a new Spider-Man. They found Miles back in his school dorm. The room was a ravaged mess. Miles even more so. The pain in his eyes, the trauma and horror etched in the lines of his face, the grief staining his hands and clothes. The rage that replaced the child-like excitement Peter's grown used to. \"I have to make him pay!\" Miles shouted, eyes burning. \"You have to let me make him pay!\" That's when Peter noticed the thorns. New ones that grew in clusters in Mile's hand, curling around the purple and black praire gentian flowers on his palms. They were bristled and hard, identical to the one Peter's seen on his own body dozens of times. He...he didn't want Miles to have those. That's what he was trying to avoid. And he failed...again. But Peter wasn't going to let it happen a second time. The other spiders were right. Miles wasn't ready. Maybe if he realized that sooner, it could've been avoided. Miles would've have left the Spider-cave, wouldn't have discovered his Uncle's secret, and Aaron Davis would be alive, and those thorns wouldn't have to mark Miles the way they did him. So, he made a choice. Miles would say behind. It was hard having to hold Miles back. Gripping the front of his shirt, challenging him to get past Peter, to hone his abilities and show them that he could do it. A part of Peter really hoped that he would. But he couldn't. So he left Miles tied up in his room, trying to forget his look of hurt as Peter and the rest of them left him behind. he understood what it was like to want revenge. The hate it injected in your brain, that burned and rotted your liver and organs like a disease. The impact it had. The actions it could lead to. He couldn't let that happen to him. Not Miles, who deserved so much better. It's all he could think about on the way to Fisk Tower. But he needed to push those thoughts to the side and focus. He needed to get the rest of the Spiders home before it was too late. The fact that Fisk was throwing a ceremony in honor of Spider-Man left a bitter taste in Peter's mouth. That guy killed him and had the audacity to call them friends? Right in front of the city? Peter was going to have to web slap him for that one once he got the other Spiders home. Granted, the theme did make getting in easier. Peter almost couldn't believe that it actually worked. All it took was sneaking into the kitchen, grabbing a few extra bowties and some platters and waltzing around in plain sight. Then Peter saw MJ and holy shiiiit. Hell, he loved her so much. Just looking at her and it was as if a shrapnel bomb went off in his chest, and he was bleeding emotion. If he was going to die, he at least needed her to know that he was sorry. That she deserved better and that, if given the chance, he would've treated her so much better. He'd give her all the fresh, home-cooked bread she'd want. Walking away from her afterward felt like ripping a hole in his chest again. But, it was a bit of closure in of itself. She might've not been his dimensions MJ, but at least one MJ new that Peter B. Parker was sorry for being a grade-A jerk. They made it down to the basement easy enough, then it was just a matter of using the goober to take control of the collider. It should've been easy, if villains weren't so gosh-damn difficult. They couldn't have interfered 5 minutes later? No, they just had to cut straight to trying to kill you. And kill them they would've. Or, at least, Dock Ock would've killed him off. Which, no! That was not how it was supposed to go. If Peter was going to die, he was at least going to die getting the Spiders home to the people they loved. Peter's made a LOT of mistakes, but THIS was not going to be one of them. Because, the thing is, he didn't need to go home. Perhaps it was just better that he didn't. There was nothing for Peter in his dimension. MJ was better off without him there, anyway. All he had been was a black-spot at home. A stain the city couldn't wash away no matter how hard they tried, and believe him, they tried. And that was okay. He didn't want to be a bother anymore. As long as the other Spiders got home, then what was a bit of atom deterioration? In fact, a part of him kind of welcomed it. If only Doc Ock would kindly get out the way! At first, Peter wasn't sure if he thought it really hard and it started to happen, or the ghost of this dimensions Peter Parker heard him and decided to deliver. Because, if Peter didn't know any better, than Doc Ock was punching herself. Only, she looked just as surprised as Peter, so that couldn't be it. Then Miles entered and Peter didn't know it was possible to be that happy again. It was like an entire fanfare was playing in his chest, because damn look at him, Miles was doing it! Controlling his powers on command! And, holy shit, where'd he get that costume, cause it was frickin awesome, and look at him using his web-shooters like a pro! It was amazing! Peter was so proud of him! Defying the odds even when they seemed stacked against you. Yeah! Go get em' Miles! And just like that, the odds were back in their favor. Sure the collider started spouting buildings and trains, and the villain weren't letting up, and that the button was floating off somewhere in the mess, but at least they had a chance. Doc Ock was still proving difficult, but with him, Miles, and Gwen, they couldn't totally take her down – and HOLY SHIT SHE WAS HIT WITH A TRUCK! Oh SHIT, she was hit with a TRUCK . Damn…..that was….that was… yikes … Thank goodness for spidey-sense, ammirite? But…at least they could take control of the collider now… So, with a bit of horror and shock, they met up with the other Spiders. Peni had lost SP/DR in the fight, sprouting a new cluster of thorns on her arms. But her smile was there, her eyes still bright, because she was a fighter . They hooked the goober in and it was time to go. Looking around at all of them, Peter felt something warm in his chest. He's only known them for a short time, but even with the small window, it felt as though he's known them forever. These amazing people who fought the same fight he did. Who had thorns AND flowers, and got back on their feet no matter what. Peni left first. Then Spider-Ham. Then Noir. Then Gwen. And finally, it was Peter's turn. Which, oi, he wasn't ready for that either. But Miles didn't need him anymore. It might be rough starting out, but he'd get the hang of being Spider-Man in no time. The kid was amazing, and talented, and bright, and shit Peter was going to miss him so much. It's been a while since he's felt so happy like this. It was a feeling he wasn't sure he'd find back in his dimension. MJ wouldn't want to see him again. His city was probably relieved he was gone. Maybe… Maybe he shouldn't go back. He'd glitch into oblivion here, but could it really be so bad with this happy feeling in his chest. Was the prospect of no longer screwing things up and hurting his loved ones such a bad one? It was just a matter of getting Miles to understand. Thankfully, Kingpin gave him the distraction he needed. Besides, he couldn't leave Miles with THAT maniac. There's no way he was going to let that fat-ass hurt another Spider-Man. So why was Miles trying to make him go? Did he want Peter to leave too? Well, he'd have to catch him first. Which…he did… A perfect replica of the move Peter used on him earlier, because he's a clever kid like that. \"You gotta go home, man,\" he says, expression so unbelievable soft Peter's suffocating a little. Or maybs that's just the terror crawling up his throat, \"How do I know I won't just mess it again?\" He says, desperately. He can't live with himself knowing he will only make things worse. But Miles just smiles at him, \"You don't.\" And Peter is slapped in the face with his back his own advice. \"A leap of faith,\" he finishes, and chuckled. No what? Miles got this handled. He didn't need Peter's help anymore, and that was okay. He let go of Miles' hand. And Miles let him go. \"Not bad kid,\" he says before light encases him, and he really means it. Peter is propelled back into his room. Everything is still a cluttered mess - more so than it usually was - thanks to the portal-thing, so it wasn't unreasonable when he landed smack-dad on a chair and knocked over a small pile of unpacked moving boxes. He groaned, kicking the box away, and prying the old pizza-slice off his chest and slowly stood. It took him a second to process it, and he had to inspect a few objects thoroughly before deducing that he was back in his own universe. He shuffled in his feet, fingers skimming lightly along his thighs, not quite sure how he felt about that. On the bright side, he was back! On the downside, he was back . He rubbed his arms, feeling the prickly bumps of his thorns on his arms, and swallows like he's got one of Ock's tentacles around his esophagus. His aches felt real, his bruises very much there, the adrenaline running its fuse through his veins was there, but now, standing back in his apartment, it all felt so...surreal. Like the whole thing had been a hallucination or a dream. Here, nobody knew what happened. His neighbors probably didn't even know that he was gone at all. Everyone had kept going on, unknowing that he had been in an entirely different dimension. Everything was the same. But Peter felt different. His chest felt a little tight, his insecurities still sitting in his stomach, but there was something else there. A determination. A reconfigured purpose that tingled in his hands and ran through every piece of muscle, tissue, and cartilage in his body. Miles' face was still in his head, the kids' soft smile, his bright eyes. \" You gotta go home, man,\" And thanks to him, Peter WAS home. He got a second chance and he wasn't going to screw it up this time. All it's take is a leap of faith. Peter chuckled, a sound that's halfway there and composed mostly of air, and so painstakingly tired it makes him wince, but it releases the tension coiled in his back and he has to lean against the wall to stop himself from just collapsing on the floor. One-handed, he rubs his face down, and feels his smile, however small it is, on his fingers. \"Thanks, Miles,\" There's still a sense of worry sprouting in his chest, planted by the thought that Miles - little Miles - was back in his dimension shutting down the collider and taking on one Marshmallow-Fisk. His heart ached with concern, but he knew, as sure as the heart in his chest, that Miles would be okay. He was tough. He could do it. Peter straightened up, running his hand up over his hair to survey his apartment. Hell, it was a huge mess. It was going to take forever to clean up. Sighing, but not particularly put-off, he bent down and started picking up the closest objects. It took a while to clean it up, most of the night - it was night, right? He looked out the window to make sure - and after getting a smell of himself as he picked up his table, he nearly gagged. Ugh, he smelled rancid. Like, full-on nuclear waste, bag-him-up-and-burn-him stench that would give anyone within a 5-foot radius of him cancer. Had he smelled like this the whole time? Once his apartment was at least presentable, he grabbed a slightly dirty towel (no worse than him), and made a bee-line for the bathroom. He stripped mindlessly out of the torn and olid spandex, tossing it in the far corner where it could die in peace, and took one step toward the shower when he stopped, muscles seizing. Slowly, he turned back to look into the scuffed mirror, bracing his arms against both sides of the sink to lean in toward his reflection. His throat was tight, eyes wide, and fingers shaking as they grazed the surface of his skin, feebly tracing the petals of bright, blossoming flowers. His chest caught, stunting his breathing for a second, and he touched them more fervently, desperately, as if to make sure they were really there. On his shoulders, a bushel of tulips were blooming, their blue, white, and purple petals so beautiful that swallowing had become 10X harder. On his brow, a vibrant cluster of poppies grew bountifully. On his stomach, a cartoonish-looking daffodil grew just below his diaphragm. When he turned, Peter could see a vine of grey roses climbing up his spine. The pink and white azaleas on his wrist, right where his web-shooters go. The rose over his heart was visible again and in full-bloom. But most eye-catching and voluminous of them all, was the huge, sprouting sunflower splayed across his chest. His thoughts returned to Aunt May, the one back in the other dimension, when she touched his cheek so gently, and the way the grief for his own Aunt alleviated. Peni, when she and Peter talked over the making of the goober, how he felt, for once in the longest time, that he wasn't as stupid as he felt. Spider-Ham and the times he actually got Peter to laugh, a good, hearty-laugh that he could feel in his gut. Noir, and his silent understanding, and the way he didn't need to push to know exactly what Peter was feeling. Gwen, who made him see that Spider-Man was worth it. Seeing MJ again, getting to see her beautiful face once more, and the opportunity to apologize for real. And Miles, for making Peter feel more alive and worth-while than he had felt in a very long time. Peter trembled against the sink, gripping the porcelain so hard it cracked under his fingers, before ripping his hands away to hide them in his face. His cheeks were wet and red, but his smile - he didn't think it was possible to smile so big. He laughed into his hands, a watery sound, but it was authentic. The dark, hollow spot in his chest popped, like an oily bubble, and he looked up, grinning so wide his cheeks hurt. The thorns weren't gone. They still grew tightly around his body, poking around his skin, and hiding beneath the flowers - but he didn't care so much anymore. They were there, and they would probably stay there. But he supposed that didn't mean he could be flower-less. Even the thorniest stems could blossom, and they would be no less beautiful. \"Thanks, guys,\" he whispered, voice raw and wrecked, as he looked up toward the ceiling, hoping that somewhere out there, they heard. For the first time, Peter B. Parker felt alive. He felt alive, and he didn't feel alone. Because, like him, there were people out there fighting the good fight, getting thorns, and sprouting flowers. They were laughing, smiling, hurting, crying, loving, frustrated, annoyed, happy, and living . There were people out there exactly like him, and it was going to be okay. He was going to be okay. It was gonna be rough, going to be hard to resettle his life after doing his best to keep it away, but he could do it. He was going to find his MJ and apologize to her, talk things out, and hopefully, they could try again. To be honest, kids weren't sounding like such a bad idea anymore. But first, he needed to help himself. Get healthy again, mentally, physically, and emotionally. He was going to clean up himself first, and he was okay with that. Peter wiped the tears from his eyes, one-hand still splayed over the sunflower, with a cool, relieving sense that everything was actually going to be okay. Annnnd done! My heart - this was very good for me to write. Very therapeutic, if I'm being honest, and I wholeheartedly LOVE Peter B. Parker. The movie was so goooooooood. Anyway, hopes you enjoyed! :D :D ","Summary":" Things to know! This is set in an AU where people get flowers and/thorns on their bodies when they "},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"Stick Around","Author":"SoManyPuns","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13233193","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Spiderman doesn't miss people. Spiderman doesn't miss anything, really, but people especially. Spiderman is all about people. But sometimes Peter Parker is occupied with the thirteen-foot-tall former businessman who's working for the eight-foot-tall current businessman to open up a potential black hole underneath Brooklyn. Because that's just how his week is going, sometimes they do. So at first, Peter misses the kid. Which is really kind of surprising because his spider sense is humming away at the base of his skull pay attention, pay attention, pay attention. Again: Norman Kinpin Black hole. Very distracting. When it really counts though, Peter does catch him and that should count for something. The moment his fingers close around the edge of the boy's jacket, his spider-sense feels like its vibrating his entire skull. Peter doesn't waste time getting the kid down to the ground, he takes him high, out of the way of the fight, but high. Into Spiderman's territory. Bait? Ambush? Hostage? There are too many options, that's the weakness of his spider-sense, its all up to interpretation. Still, no matter what the truth is of the situation, its still a kid who nearly fell to their death. Peter keeps himself in a crouch, far enough away that he's hopefully not going to register as a threat to someone in the middle of fight-or-flight mode. His spider sense is still humming loudly. What is it about this kid? He's not a street kid, not from the clothes, neat, no rips, some stains, but he's a teenager, shoes are mostly clean. Laces untied. \"You do know your shoes are untied,\" he says, because the kid looks like he's about to realize that he almost fell to his death and Peter doesn't have the time for that right now. Now is the middle of a fight, now is time for answers, panic can happen later. It feels cold to think it, but there will be time for hugs and therapy later. As long as they both get out of this alive. The kid nods faintly, still catching up. Is that a new trend? Is Peter behind on the trends now? Is that his life? \"This is a onesie, so I don't' really have to worry about that,\" Peter says, conversation is normal, calm, casual conversation means there's no need to scream or try to run off the scaffold. Funny conversation from 'your friendly neighborhood spiderman' may be enough to calm him down. Pay attention His spider-sense all but screams. And Peter does. Not to the kid's clothes, or his face, or the way he's holding himself, but to something else. Something not physical, something familiar. \"I thought I was the only one.\" he dares to whisper. He realizes that might not make a ton of sense and says, \"You're like me.\" There are a hundred thousand thoughts in his head suddenly. Hopes, fears, questions, so many questions. Where had this kid come from? When had he been bitten? Did he have a family? Friends? Did they know? Did Kingpin know? \"I don't' want to be,\" the kid says back, his eyes desperate as though Peter could take it all away from him. \"I don't think you have much choice kiddo.\" Peter wishes he could, if he had the choice, he wouldn't want a kid of all people to go through this. But he can't change the past, all he has is the future. A future . Sitting before him is a future, a legacy. Another responsibility. He's almost...excited for it. Finally, he's not alone, the first and last of a strange breed. Most importantly though, this kid isn't alone. Peter can be there for him, teach him, train him. Having someone who had already gone through the transformation would have meant the world to him when he got his powers. This boy isn't going to have to wonder if the bite will kill him or if he's going to suddenly sprout extra legs and start snacking on flies. Peter can tell him. Peter can show him how to unstick from things, how to throw webs, how to interpret the spider sense. He snaps himself out of his thoughts. The future can wait. Here and now is what's important. \"Got a lot going through your head I'm sure\" He certainly did. \"Yeah,\" the kid replies, he still looks scared. \"You're gonna be okay,\" Peter tells him. He'd been so scared that he was going to die, alone in his room, Aunt May mourning uncle ben downstairs. He needs this kid to not have to go through that. Excitement and nerves tangle around his next words, \"I can help you, if you stick around I can show you the ropes.\" What is he going to do if the kid says no? He can't just let him wander around New York with spider powers, can he? If the kid says no will he? But the boy is smiling, faintly, he's still surprised, probably edging into shock a little bit. He says \"yeah,\" and Peter feels his heart soar. He has no plan, no inkling of what to do with a… sidekick? Protege? Trainee? But he has one now. He has one and he's going to teach him things and one day when he's ready he'll give him a mask and a suit of his own and he'll show him to the world. The scaffold shudders and the black-hole interdimensional whatever machine is moving. Probably bad. He should probably deal with that first, spider-kid second. If a black hole opens up here, there will be no spider-training. \"I just need to destroy this big machine real quick,\" he says, \"before the space-time continuum collapses,\" What even, Fisk. he stops mid-turn and says \"don't move.\" Holding out a hand as if the kid is going to try and follow him. Or leave. Or draw the attention of Fisk or one of his goons. Having a trainee is already stressful. Mary-Jane and Aunt May are going to kill him. He can't resist taking one glance back at the kid before he goes though. One more look at the future, sitting there staring at him wide-eyed with fear and maybe a touch of awe. \"See you in a bit.\" ","Summary":" Spiderman doesn't miss people. Spiderman doesn't miss anything, really, but people especially. Spid"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"Seeing Double","Author":"LucyLuna","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13225472","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Seeing Double Gwen should be happy to be home. She should be happy to be swinging through her New York that was a little less full of screens flashing advertisements at you every second of the day. She should be happy there were fewer people here with hand-held cameras waiting at everyone corner to snap a picture of the elusive Spider-Woman to upload to Facebook for likes and attention. Yet… She just wasn't. While the last couple days had absolutely been some of the most stressful she had experienced in her short career as Spider-Woman, they'd also been some of her best. Finding out there were others like her, even if they were in different universes had been a comfort, no, a relief . Even more so when she learned their own experiences weren't too different from her own. Since… Since Peter… Gwen had felt so alone and some days all that kept her going was that without her, without Spider-Woman , she feared what would become of her city and world. But sometimes, in moments like these, even her duty as Spider-Woman didn't feel like enough reason to keep living. New York had gotten along alright before her, hadn't it? Sure, there was more destruction, more corruption, more dead before she took up her mantle, but even now it felt like she wasn't doing enough. Every time she got rid of some gangbanger, thief, wannabe-super villain, another bad guy took their place. A lot of the time, she felt like a lone tree against an incoming tsunami destined to be ripped out at her roots and shredded into something almost unrecognizable. At least when she'd been in Miles universe with the other spiders, she'd felt like it wasn't her against the world for once. It was heartbreaking to realize she may never experience that again. Unless her KingPin ever got it in his head to mess with alternate universes… Fat chance of that happening any time soon, though. His family was alive and well in this universe and who knew if he'd lose them ever. Gwen was shaken from her spiraling thoughts by the sharp and sudden prickling of her spider-sense. Looking down as it compelled her to, she saw a little boy run into the street below after a basketball and right in front of an oncoming car as several people around him cried out in fear. Adrenaline spiking through her veins, Gwen practically swan-dived straight down to scoop the kid out of the way of danger. Grabbing the little boy by the back of his hoodie, she shot off another stream of webbing at the ledge of a nearby apartment building to swing them out of the taxi's way just in the nick of time. While they flew through the air, the taxi screeched to a halt below with the basketball popping beneath its wheel with a sizable bang as the cars behind it blared their horns. To Gwen's surprise, the kid in her hand didn't scream in fear as they rose into the air, instead, after the shock began to wear off, he laughed. \"Wow!\" he hollered, \"this is so cool !\" She smirked behind her mask. \"I know, right?\" she replied. Admittedly, this was one of her favorite parts of being Spider-Woman. It was probably as close to flying as she was ever going to get. When they landed safely on the ledge of the apartment building, Gwen kept the kid's sweatshirt fisted in her hand even as she set him down next to her. It wouldn't matter if she saved him from being a smear on the pavement if he fell head-first onto the sidewalk beneath them because she didn't have a good hold on him. \"Oh…\" the boy murmured as Gwen surveyed the street for the kid's parent or babysitter. She looked to where he was staring and saw he was watching the scene in the street. The taxi driver, a middle-aged Middle Eastern man from the looks of it had stepped out of his car and was scratching his head as he stared at the kid's flattened basketball as cars behind him honked their horns and stuck their heads out their windows to cuss him out. While Gwen really wasn't one for imparting moral lessons to kids, she did feel that she should say something to him. \"That's why you don't run out into the street without looking,\" she told the kid. \"That basketball could have been you.\" \"Woah,\" was all the boy said. Gwen felt like sighing. Somehow, she didn't think the lesson was sticking as it should have. At least she could say she tried? Gwen finally spotted who she thought the kid belonged to when a woman ran up to the taxi-driver, eyes frantic. She pointed at the woman. \"That your mom?\" \"Uh-huh.\" She nodded. \"Let's get you back to her.\" With no more warning, she tightened her hold on the boy and jumped off the ledge. This time, the kid did scream. Gwen sympathized, the fall was always the scary part. Every time it felt like a leap of faith. Landing in front of the taxi between the two adults, she put the kid down. The boy's mother threw her arms open wide. \"Miles!\" she cried. Miles ? \"Mom!\" he returned, throwing himself into her arms. \"Spider-Woman saved me!\" The woman erupted with watery laughter. \"She did! But don't you ever do that to me again, mijo .\" Miles . The kid squirmed around in his mom's arms so he was looking at Gwen and she felt the air leave her lungs. How hadn't she seen it before? Those eyes, that smile. It was Miles . Like five and ages away from being the boy she'd befriended, but still him. He was here in Gwen's universe too. It made sense. Too much Sense. She'd had a Peter, she had a Doc Ock (though hers was a guy), an Aunt May (who wore glasses here) and even her own MJ. Why not a Miles? While she hadn't paid the date much attention in Miles universe, she had gotten the impression it was at least a few years in the future from her own. The Peter who had died there had been an adult, not sixteen like her own. \"Thanks for saving me, Spider-Woman,\" he said, a wide grin splitting across his face. Gwen wanted to run away. This was super weird and it also felt a little wrong, even though, obviously, it wasn't. It was all pretty sensible, everything considered. Even as her brain screamed for her to flee, Gwent crouched down to Miles height. \"You're welcome,\" she replied. \"Also, your costume's awesome. I like your hood.\" Subconsciously her fingers fiddled with it. \"Thanks.\" \"I can't wait till school on Monday! I'm gonna tell everybody how you saved me,\" he told her, \"but I don't know if anyone will believe me. You should try and come by at recess and say hi.\" \"Miles!\" his mother exclaimed. Undeterred, he continued, \"I go to P.S 34 Oliver H. Perry, d'you think you can come by around lunchtime?\" He scrunched his nose. \"I'm not too good at readin' clocks yet, but the big hand's usually a little before the twelve when we go to eat in the cafeteria.\" \"I'll take it under consideration,\" Gwen offered. She knew she shouldn't, she had math class about then and P.S. 34 was on the other side of Brooklyn from her own school. Even as Spider-Woman that wouldn't be a short trip. Yet… What else could she say? She knew who this little kid was going to grow into someday and he was a good guy. Gwen hated the thought of disappointing him. Nevermind she would probably be watching out for him in the years to come no matter what. How could she not? For one, there was a good possibility his uncle existed here and was a villain too and if anyone ever got it in their head to pay his uncle back for his crimes, Miles would be an easy target. For two, what if he gained powers in this universe too? A good opinion of Spider-Woman would be critical for a future teacher-student relationship. And for three… This was Miles . Her friend from another 'verse. Gwen had never been much of a kid person and was typically pretty awkward with her youngest fans, but she would be better for Miles. Had to be. Someday he just might be her partner against crime or if she wasn't lucky, like the Peter in her Miles 'verse, he could be her successor. Or neither. Who knew what the future held? All Gwen did know was she wanted to have some small part in his. Even if it was only as a bystander on the sidelines watching Miles grow up. Suddenly, a police siren began to sound not too far off in the distance. Miles jumped giddily in his mother's arms. \"Mom! The police! D'you think it's Dad?\" The woman hugged her son closer. \"I don't know, mijo , but I think we'll know soon.\" Gwen sighed and stood back up. \"I think that's my cue to head out,\" she told Miles. His face fell. \"Aw man. D'you really have to?\" She nodded. \"Sorry, kid, me and the police aren't exactly buddies.\" \"Yeah, Dad says it 'cause you're a— a— veggie-anti!\" \"It's vigilante,\" she corrected with a small giggle. \"But, yup. That's exactly why we don't get along.\" She offered her first to Miles. \"I'll see you around, kid.\" Miles knocked her knuckles with his own. \"Tight!\" he exclaimed. Gwen grinned behind her mask. Turning her attention to the skyline, she spotted a good building to shoot her webbing at and aimed. Taking off, she waved goodbye to little Miles before disappearing entirely from view and, hopefully, losing the police for the afternoon too. There being a kid-Miles in Gwen's 'verse seemed pretty plausible to me. Burrito Parker's obviously from a 'verse that's further in the future than Miles's and since Gwen lost a teenage-Peter Park, it seems safe to assume she's a part of a 'verse that's a little behind time-wise from Miles's. About ten years, most likely, since Miles's Peter was 26 when he died. Ergo, Gwen running into five-year-old Miles. Thank you so much for reading :) ","Summary":" Seeing Double Gwen should be happy to be home. She should be happy to be swinging through her New Y"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"A Bonding Experience","Author":"LucyLuna","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13237558","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Bonding Experience Gwen woke with a gasp. It took her only seconds upon opening her eyes to realize she wasn't where she should be. Instead of in her home's living room eating a snack as she got a start on her homework, Gwen was in a dimly lit room only a little bigger than her parents' bedroom. Somewhere to her right, she heard sniffling. Slowly sitting up, she groaned as a pulsing began behind her temple. Closing her eyes to try and lessen the pain, she also took a moment to try and recall how she'd ended up here in the first place. She remembered taking a shortcut through an alley after she got off the bus a block from her home when her spidey-sense started to go haywire. However, before Gwen could identify where the threat was coming from, someone had been on top of her, trying to drag her off into a van at the end of the alley. Gwen had fought them, of course. She'd had more than one self-defense and karate class in her day, not to mention she was already stronger than the average girl from dance classes and the spider bite. Gwen recalled getting out of the kidnapper's bear-hug and landing a good kick to his groin before another person had come out of the van the first kidnapper had been trying to drag her into. Gwen had fought him too and then the first one also when he joined back in the fray, but there had only been so much she could do to fight them off without giving away who her alter-ego was. Gwen had managed to slip them both at one point and had started to run for the opposite end of the alley when out from behind a dumpster yet another assailant had appeared and they— Her finger went to her temple and she winced. It hurt and when she pulled her fingers away from it she was confronted with the sticky, rusting red of drying blood. \"Shit,\" she swore. Another sniffle sounded from the right side of the room. Gwen swung her head in that direction, groaning at the way it made the room spin. She'd moved far too fast; Gwen wondered if she didn't have a concussion. When the worst of the pain ebbed away, she opened her squinted eyes and saw near the corner of the room was a familiar kid. \"Fuck,\" Gwen cursed. Scooting toward him, she whispered, \"Miles?\" He looked up from where he was crying into his knees. His eyes were red from tears and behind them, she could see the slow shine of recognition begin. Good, he appeared to remember her— A little, anyway. They'd met as Gwen and Miles nearly a month ago now. \"You're…\" he murmured, \"in a band?\" Gwen couldn't help herself. She laughed. \"Yeah, kid,\" she replied. \"I'm in a band. You remember my name?\" Miles shook his head. She smiled gently. \"That's just fine, I'm Gwen.\" \"Gwen,\" he repeated. \"I'm Miles.\" She dipped her head. \"I remember,\" she told him. Teasingly, she added, \"Santa got you a bucket of markers for Christmas.\" \"And a coloring book,\" he added, solemn. Gwen acted as if this was much more important matter than it was. \"Oh yes, how could I forget?\" Miles shrugged and looked away to dry his tears with the sleeve of his hoodie. \"Did the bad guys take you too?\" he asked. She turned her attention to the room and realized it was some old (probably condemned), boarded up studio apartment and the two of them were likely in what used to be its kitchen if the cupboards hanging above them were any indication. \"Yeah,\" she answered. \"Is it just you and me? Or were there any other kids?\" she asked as she scanned the rest of the apartment searching for anyone else possibly hiding in the shadows. \"Nuh-huh.\" She let out a breath of relief. That was… Better. It would be far easier to get just herself and Miles out of here rather than the two of them plus another kid or two. Gwen knew it wouldn't be too hard. She'd escaped worse as Spider-Woman. All that was different now was she had to be careful about how she did it so she didn't reveal she was Spider-Woman to Miles or the kidnappers in the process. Slowly, Gwen got to her feet and went to try and peer through the boarded up windows. Unfortunately, while the gaps were large enough to let in beams of daylight, she really couldn't make out too much of the outside. She saw some blue, maybe the brown bricks of another building. What she did know was they were quite high up from the streets. At least three or four stories, possibly more. She looked over at Miles. \"When did they take you, Miles?\" \"When I was drawing on my stoop.\" He began to tear up a little. \"Daddy's gonna be mad.\" Gwen frowned. \"Oh, Miles, why would he be? This isn't our fault.\" \"I'm not supposed to talk to strangers and I talked to the bad guy before he took me.\" He covered his eyes with his fingers. \"I didn't listen!\" Gwen went over and put her hand on the top of his head. He peaked at her through his fingers when she started to gently rub her hand back and forth. \"Hey,\" she soothed. \"Your dad's going to be so happy when he sees you after we get out of here he won't even care, alright?\" Miles lip wobbled as he whispered, \"Promise?\" Gwen grinned, an idea coming to her. She offered her pinky. She'd made quite a few in her day, and hadn't kept many over the years, but this was one she knew she would. \" Pinky promise.\" Miles relaxed a fraction and gave his own pinky to Gwen to link fingers with her. \"Okay,\" he said swiping his hand beneath his snotty nose after they finished. Gwen cringed a little at that since it was gross and he'd probably done it earlier too, which now meant she had his snot on her… But she let it go with a big sigh. Little kids were gross sometimes and he'd outgrow it soon enough. \"I'm going to see if I can't get any of them to answer some questions for me, okay?\" she told Miles. \"You can stay right here, alright?\" The kid stared at her with freshly frightened eyes. \"You're gonna try and talk to the bad guys?\" She nodded. \"How else am I going to figure out what they're planning to do with us?\" she asked. \"Or why they took us?\" Though, Gwen already had a few ideas. It probably had something to do with the police, since that was really the only connection between her and Miles beside both of them living in Brooklyn, but Gwen couldn't say for sure. If some kid with the last name O'Keeffe was dumped here soon, she'd think she could prove this was in some way related to whatever case had her dad dropping off evidence at Miles's Dad's precinct. Going up to the studio's door, she banged on it a couple times with her fist after checking to see if it was locked (which of course it was). After she finished banging, it opened. A muscular man with a ski-mask over his face was on the other side. \"What?\" he demanded. \"Am I allowed to know what the fuck is going on?\" she demanded as she crossed her arms and stuck her chin in stubborn bravado. He snorted at her question as if it was funny. \"Don't you worry your pretty lil'head. As long as your daddies cooperate, you'll both be leaving here in one piece.\" Gwen sighed, aggravated. \"That's not what I asked,\" she told him. He laughed at her. \"Well, it's the best you're getting,\" he said. \"Now go sit all nice with the lil'kid and quit botherin' me.\" He waved a newspaper – The New York Daily News – up for her to see. \"I've got some reading to catch up on here.\" She scowled, teeth bared in an ugly, angry way. \"How long are we expected to just sit in here, huh?\" He shrugged at her. \"Don't worry, we'll feed ya if we have to,\" the man told her before abruptly stepping back and closing the door in Gwen's face with a hard slam. She pounded both hands against the door in response. \"Asshole!\" The door didn't open back up. Gwen turned to Miles. \"I guess that answers that.\" \"Why are we here?\" he asked. Taking a seat next to Miles, she told him, \"It's because both our dads are police officers. I think they must be involved in some case that's not going well for whoever's in charge of these guys who are holding us here.\" \"Are they gonna kill us?\" whispered Miles, eyes wide and scared. Her stomach churned at the idea. They wouldn't. Or that's what she hoped. Who knew what might happen if their dads weren't quick enough to do what these people wanted or find them? Even so, she couldn't let on that such an outcome was possible. Miles was five. \"No,\" she assured him, putting an arm around his skinny shoulders and pulling him flush against her. \"I'm not letting either of us die, okay?\" \"How are you going to stop them? They're so big!\" Gwen laughed, though there wasn't a lot of humor in the sound. \"You just wait, kid,\" she said. If this did turn into life or death, she'd make sure Miles would be on the side of life when it was all over— Even if he'd be the only one. Gwen, however, was quite confident things wouldn't take such a bleak turn. Since waking up, she had already come up with a couple of possible escape plans and it was only going to be a matter of time before she decided which one to use. Her first idea involved waiting a bit to knock on the door and then overpowering the guy standing there to get out of here. She realized it would probably be risky to do so, however, since who knew if there were more people in the hallway or building? And if there were, some no doubt had guns on them. She couldn't say she was excited about the idea of trying to carry Miles out of here in a storm of bullets. Her second idea she thought was far more sensible. It involved using her superior strength to pry loose a few of the boards from the window and hopefully finding on the other side of it would be a fire escape they could both escape down or a dumpster beneath she could jump into and catch Miles from. While there would probably be a person or two keeping an eye on the building, Gwen felt comfortable assuming they wouldn't be waiting outside by their window seeing as it was boarded up and \"impossible\" for a teenage-girl and little boy to escape through. Closing her eyes, Gwen just took a moment to calm herself and weigh the pros and cons. To decide which would add the least amount of trauma to this already mentally-scarring situation. Once she looked at it that way, it became the easiest choice Gwen had made in ages. The window it would be. Getting up once again, she headed for the window and started to pull at the boards. \"What are you doing?\" Miles asked. \"Gathering wood for a fire,\" she snarked. \"What does it look like?\" He bit his lip. \"They're gonna hear you!\" That was a good point. One she hadn't thought to consider. Gwen was actually kind of glad she wasn't in this alone; two heads were really better than one. Once she started thinking of a solution, it came pretty fast and she felt pretty good it would work too. Gwen looked over her shoulder and declared, \"Then let's start a sing-along!\" Miles's eyes flashed with interest and gave her the last bit of confidence she needed to carry out her idea. \"What's your favorite song?\" she asked. \"Mama will sing me Ricky Martin when I can't sleep at night.\" She smiled. \"You're in luck, kid, I actually know one of his songs,\" said Gwen. \"How well do you know Livin' La Vida Loca ?\" \"Good.\" She nodded encouragingly at him. \"Then let's hear it.\" While Miles started to belt out the tune, Gwen continued to pull on the boards and began to join in too once he hit the chorus. As she got off the first board, she yelled over to Miles, \"I'm impressed! You know the song way better than I do!\" He grinned and continued to sing it for her as she started to pull on the second board, her muscles straining as it bent in her hands, refusing to come out of the wall. She paused at one point to breathe and check her hands for splinters, which, thankfully, there were only two and she easily plucked them out before going back to the board. When one side finally gave away, she yelled, \"Ha ha!\" in her delight. From there it wasn't difficult at all to swing the board down to rest at a haphazard tilt against the lower corner of the window and wall. After the third board came off, Gwen reeled back from the window with a short, strangled scream. Staring in at them was the Prowler. He was briefly motionless, but soon he broke the last few boards covering the window as easily as a normal person might break a twig and then beckoned for them to come to him. Gwen didn't move and neither did Miles. He waved again and she began to consider her options. She knew the Prowler was Miles's uncle. Gwen knew her friend Miles and the man had been close and that once the Prowler had realized the newest Spider-Man was his nephew, he'd refused to murder him. He was safe. Well, safer. She looked back at the apartment's door. Gwen wondered if the man on the other side of it was even alive anymore. Surely the abrupt stop in their singing and the sound of cracking boards should have alerted him to the fact he should look inside the studio. Gulping, she reached over for Miles. \"I think we should go with him,\" she whispered into his ear. Miles lifted his face up to look at her, expression terrified. \" Really ?\" She nodded and took a brave first step toward the masked villain. Reluctantly, the kid let himself be led over to the Prowler, who first took Miles and put him on his back and then reached back inside for Gwen. She went easily into his arms and rested stiffly in them as he brought her against his chest and took them all down the fire escape Gwen had suspected was outside the window and to a motorcycle waiting next to the building. He helped her and Miles on and soon, they were weaving and flying over cars on New York's jam-packed roads. After a whirlwind of noise, lights, and blurred color, they came to a stop in front of what Gwen recognized as the precinct Miles's Dad worked at. The Prowler turned and looked back at her. She knew even without words he wanted her and Miles to get off – and quickly. Scrambling off his motorcycle, she grabbed Miles around the middle and pulled him off it too. Once both of them had their feet on the ground, Miles's uncle gave them a single nod before taking off at breakneck speed down the street. \"Woah,\" Miles said. Gwen nodded. That pretty much summed the last fifteen minutes up for her too. She offered her hand to Miles. \"Should we go let everybody know we're okay?\" The kid put his fingers in her palm and bobbed his head. \"Yeah.\" As they started up the steps to the precinct, however, Miles came to a stop midway on the stairs, drawing her attention back to him. \"Gwen?\" he said. \"Yeah?\" \"The Prowler's a bad guy, isn't he? He's been on the news for fighting Spider-Woman and she's definitely a good guy.\" He paused and furrowed his brow. \"Good lady ,\" he corrected. She tried to ignore his question and tug him up the rest of the steps with her, but he wouldn't budge. Gwen sighed and gave in. What was another five minutes being \"missing\"? \"Yeah, I guess that's what he is,\" agreed Gwen with no small amount of discomfort. Because, yeah, he was a villain, but he was also Miles's uncle and by all indication, well-loved by Miles too. It'd just ruin this five-year-old if he ever learned the man he admired was such a terrible human being. \"But… He saved us from those other bad guys.\" Gwen bit her lip and crouched down to Miles's height. \"Hey,\" she whispered, gently poking his cheek to get him to look at her instead of his feet. When Miles's dark gaze met her own, she smiled softly. \"I bet your Mom and Dad have yelled at you at least a few times, right? Maybe said something mean to one another while they were arguing?\" \"Uh-huh…\" he replied, lower lip puckering out in a pout as he tried to understand what Gwen was trying to get at. \"Those aren't good things, right?\" she asked. \"In fact… You might say they were being bad then.\" Gwen stopped a moment to search Miles's features for any hint of understanding, what she saw, a curious tilt to his head, encouraged her. \"But they aren't bad guys, are they?\" \"No!\" Miles exclaimed vehemently. She nodded. \"That's right. Your mom and dad are good people who, sometimes, do something a little bad. It's the same with the Prowler, do you understand?\" Miles bit his lip and then, nodded. \"Yeah. He's a bad guy, but, sometimes, he can still do good things, like save us.\" Miles started to giggle. \"Or maybe save a kitty from a tree!\" Gwen joined in with his laughter. \"You got it,\" she agreed. Standing back up, she asked, \"Are you ready to go inside now?\" \"Yeah!\" Pulling Miles flush against her, she remarked, \"Your dad's going to be so happy when he sees you!\" Miles grinned up at Gwen, eyes bright with anticipation. Something a little longer and more exciting! What did you all think? Thank you very much for reading :) ","Summary":" A Bonding Experience Gwen woke with a gasp. It took her only seconds upon opening her eyes to reali"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"Last Respects","Author":"Nadare","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13236428","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I was not prepared to love this movie as much as I did. Kudos, Marvel, for finally dragging me into your world. Tags: Movie Spoilers, Referenced Character Death, Family Feels, One Year Later, Quote: Family Don't End With Blood (Supernatural), Post-Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse (2018). [Written on and off between 1/1/19 and 2/4/19] \" Last Respects\" Miles rang the doorbell, nervously shifting on his feet as he waited for a response from within the house. He knew he was early, but thought because of what the day represented, tardiness would have been rude. The doorknob turned and May Parker opened the door, greeting Miles with a wide smile. \"Well, don't you look nice.\" The simple suit and tie still felt strange. His parents had insisted it was the right attire for the occasion, that he looked smart and grown-up. Miles couldn't help feeling like he was a kid again, playing dress-up. \"I feel downright underdressed.\" May was wearing slacks and a sweater, the picture of casualness. Behind her, Miles could see partway into the kitchen where a cup of tea and a half-eaten bagel sat on the counter. \"Well, come on in then. No use staying out in the cold.\" Stepping across the threshold, he surveyed the house's interior. The last time Miles had visited, parts of it were still under renovation. Now if he hadn't been part of the fight that had wrecked the living room, he would have never known a fight took place there. He wondered if May had done some of the work herself. Miles wouldn't put it past her. \"I'll be right back.\" He nodded, watching May ascend to the second floor of the house before heading further into the living room. Framed snapshots of family and friends, past and present, adorned the walls. Signs of a well-lived life that promised years more. Miles leaned closer to one photo that showed a small group in lab coats, May smiling among them. He was just starting to look at the other people when nearby footfalls on the stairs distracted him. True to her word, it had only taken her a few minutes to change into a dark gray pant suit. She slipped on a jacket and headed to the front door, looking at Miles expectedly. \"Shall we go?\" They walked into the church graveyard in silence, May slowing as they neared the correct row. She gave a soft gasp at the sight of the offerings people had left on Peter's grave. While he hadn't advertised his secret identity while operating as Spider-Man, having been unmasked posthumously, there was always a steady stream of fans wanting to pay their respects to the original web-slinger. There was an overwhelming amount of gifts today, but given it was the one year anniversary of his death, Miles wasn't surprised. He spied a touch of wetness in May's eyes as she stopped before the tombstone, plainly touched by the admiration shown for her nephew. It was such a simple marker for a superhero, just a name and the amount of time he'd lived. At first, Miles had wondered why there was no epitaph until he realized Peter's actions spoke louder than words. Besides, his list of past feats wouldn't have fit anyway. The people of the city remembered, which was all that mattered. May took a deep breath. \"Hello, Peter.\" She softly patted the top of the tombstone, displacing the light layer of snow that covered it. \"It's good to see you again. I know it's been a while. I always mean to visit more, but you know how it is.\" She glanced at Miles. \"I brought a familiar face along with me.\" \"Uh,\" he started, feeling put on the spot. He'd visited numerous times before, mostly when trying to pump himself up for a confrontation. Suddenly having an audience was nerve-wracking. \"Hi.\" May chuckled underneath her breath, taking a few steps back as if she knew her close proximity was the problem. It was stupid, yet seemed to work, Miles' stiff shoulders dropping as he relaxed. \"I never got a chance to thank you for saving my life. I know heroes are expected to make that kind of sacrifice, but no one ever stepped up like that for me…\" The rest of the words stuck in his throat, Miles having to clear it before continuing. \"I wouldn't be here without you,\" Miles said, May coming up beside him. \"A lot of people wouldn't,\" she added with a smile. \"I like to think of it as Peter's legacy.\" May laid a hand on Miles' shoulder for a moment, squeezing it lightly. \"He would be pleased to know you've taken up his mantle so well.\" Miles slid his backpack off his other shoulder and knelt down, digging a hand into its depths. He pulled out the store-bought suit he'd brought the day after Peter had died. When his mind was moving a million miles an hour, he had no control over his powers, and Miles thought he could never live up to what had been lost. He gently laid it against the tombstone and sat back on his heels. The ill-fitting costume was a testament to how far he'd come in the last year. \"I'm still nowhere near your level, but I'm doing my best.\" An arm settled over his shoulders, May pulling Miles close. \"Don't pay any attention to that nonsense, Peter. Miles is handling things very well in your absence. He's an amazing young man who I'm sure will go on to do greater things.\" The last had been aimed his way, May's gaze locked on Miles. Heat burned his face, Miles slowly standing up. Her unwavering belief in him was both appreciated and vaguely troubling. Even though it was a weight on his shoulders he'd chosen to carry, that didn't mean Miles wasn't uneasy he wouldn't measure up to May's expectations of him. No, that wasn't quite right. The city's expectations. Peter had made it look easy, even in his last moments. There'd been no fear, only acceptance that he had reached the end of the line. Miles shook off the memory, choosing to remember Peter as the hero he'd been. Still, he'd been a man too, and one remembered fondly by those left behind. May brushed off the rest of the snow from his tombstone, careful not to dislodge the few gifts that had been placed along the sides. \"There you go, all better.\" Miles turned back towards the main path, not wanting to intrude on what was clearly a private moment. \"I'll leave you two alone.\" \"Miles,\" May called out. He glanced back, her warm expression temporarily catching him off-guard. \"Thank you for coming with me today.\" He rubbed the back of his neck, touched by her gratitude. \"You're welcome.\" Back at May's house, Miles walked into the kitchen, his attention drawn to the nearby table that littered with crumpled tissues and scattered photos of a single subject, following them from infancy to adulthood. He silently picked up one photo and stared at the blond-haired young man in a red and blue suit, his mask hanging from one hand as he held a proud May against his side. Even trapped forever in film as a ghost, Peter's grin was bright and infectious, Miles feeling his own mouth curl up at the ends. May finished preparing some tea, walking back to the table. For the first time, Miles noticed her obvious lack of sleep, her eyes slightly puffy and red. He wondered how long she'd spent poring over the photographs before he'd arrived earlier that morning. \"…Did you ever want him to quit?\" he asked quietly, May's gaze growing heavy upon him at the question. She finally sighed. \"I knew what Peter was getting into out there, even when he thought he was keeping it secret from me. Despite the danger involved, he loved being Spider-Man. Every time Peter donned the suit, there was a fierce joy in him I never saw any other time. \"He lived for it.\" May shook her head as she placed her mug on the table, looking down at the images upon it with open affection. \"I could never have taken it away from Peter. It would been like asking a bird to clip its wings.\" She chuckled. \"Besides, while I may have lost a son, I unexpectedly gained something in return: a new family that is literally out of this world. I wouldn't trade that for anything, Miles. \"However, since everyone else can't be here safely, I'm afraid you're going to have to take the brunt of my affection and let me spoil you.\" Shooting Miles a playful smile, May asked, \"Can you live with that?\" He couldn't help responding in kind. \"I guess so.\" May's laughter was a crisp refreshing sound, seeming to chase away the remaining shadows of the day. ","Summary":" A/N: I was not prepared to love this movie as much as I did. Kudos, Marvel, for finally dragging me"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"Take-Two","Author":"LucyLuna","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13231110","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Take-Two \"Dad! I have band practice in twenty minutes,\" Gwen complained as they pulled into a spot in front of one of Brooklyn's many precincts. Crossing her arms and sinking low in her seat, she muttered, \"I knew I shouldn't have accepted a ride from you.\" When he finished parking, her Dad reached over to try and ruffle her hair. She jerked away from him, annoyed. \"C'mon, sweetie, I'll be five minutes. I'm just doing a favor for a buddy and dropping something off.\" Unbuckling himself, he suggested, \"Why don't you come in with me?\" \"How about I don't?\" she grumbled as she turned her attention to the busy street outside. He sighed. \"Suit yourself,\" he replied. Gwen was about to sink further in her seat and ruminate over her poor-decision making skills when she saw a police officer round the corner of the building with a little boy on his back. The two of them were laughing together, obviously having a good time. Gwen imagined the kid was probably coming back from lunch with his dad. She remembered doing that sometimes when she was little and her own father had to work a weekend shift. She'd be dropped off for an hour and they'd go get McDonald's or hit a sandwich place together. They were some of her favorite memories of him from when she was a little girl. Once they were close enough for her to make out their facial features, it took Gwen no time at all to identify the boy as Miles. Her surprise quickly faded, however. Of course it was Miles. That was just her life now. Chance had brought her to one Miles and now he was popping up everywhere here too. Gwen's hand went to the button to release her seat-belt, then wavered a moment. What was she doing? The little boy didn't know her. He knew Spider-Woman, the hero who saved him from being hit by a taxi, the hero who proved him honest by waving at him during his recess a few days later. \"Having second thoughts, sweetie?\" Dad asked, hand on the door handle. Gwen bit her lip, that urge to hide away from this Miles was still there. Maybe even stronger than before now that she wasn't in her mask and was just Gwen Stacy, Captain Stacy's kid, drummer of— Well, they hadn't settled on a name for the band quite yet, and dancer. Gwen pushed all the turmoil down. She should say hi. They'd probably not see each other again any time soon, if ever. So, she should say hi. Gwen would like this Miles to know both sides of her too— Even if he wouldn't know her and Spider-Woman were the same person. \"Yeah,\" she replied. \"I have to pee anyway.\" He chuckled. \"Sure, Gwen.\" She only huffed at him as they got out of the car. Just in time too, as that was when Miles and his were walking in front of her dad's car. She smiled at the two. \"Hi,\" she said, drawing their gazes. Miles's dad nodded at her as Miles himself waved. \"I like your hair!\" he told her. Gwen's fingers went to the uneven side. \"Thanks,\" she mumbled, remembering how her friend Miles had forced her to try an alternative style after he got his fingers stuck in her hair. She didn't think it looked that great, but it was nice to realize that Miles really did like her new haircut and hadn't just been trying to make Gwen feel better after what he did to her. \"Ah, Davis,\" her dad said, upon turning around after he'd been in the back of his cruiser grabbing his delivery. Waving the small-ish square package around in his hands, he said, \"This is perfect. I have a delivery for you from O'Keeffe.\" Miles's Dad, Officer Davis, replied, \"Thanks, Captain.\" Taking the package from her dad, Officer Davis asked, \"Would you let O'Keeffe know I appreciate this when you see her next?\" Gwen's Dad nodded. \"Of course.\" Officer Davis glanced at her. \"This is your daughter?\" Her dad reached over to put a hand on her shoulder. \"Yes she is, she's hitching a ride to band practice with me today.\" \"Daaad,\" she grumbled, couldn't he have just left it at 'yes'? Miles's father only smiled. \"Band practice? What do you play?\" She sighed a little. They were going to be late to practice, she just knew it. \"I'm my band's drummer. Sometimes I do backup vocals too.\" He whistled. \"Wow—\" \"Drums? That's so cool!\" Miles yelled from his dad's shoulders, causing poor Officer Davis to cringe at his loudness. \"I asked for some for Christmas last year, but Santa wrote me a letter to say he only makes toys, not instruments.\" Gwen was startled into laughter. His parents had sure thought fast. Good thing too. She could only imagine the noise complaints his parents would have gotten from their neighbors if they had gotten Miles drums for Christmas. \"Oh yeah?\" she said when she stopped giggling. \"So what did Santa give you instead?\" Miles threw out his hands. \"A biiig coloring book and a bucket of markers!\" She nodded, smiling. \"Sounds like a fair trade-off.\" \"Yeah!\" Her dad cleared his throat. \"If you want to be at practice on time, we need to hit the road, sweetie.\" \"Yeah, alright,\" she replied, reaching for the cruiser's passenger-side door handle. \"It was nice to meet you M—\" She stopped. Gwen shouldn't know the boy's name, they'd supposedly just met. \"Miles!\" he told her, grinning. \"I'm Miles.\" Gwen returned his grin. \"It was nice to meet you, Miles.\" She looked at his father and made the decision to offer him her hand. \"And you, Officer Davis.\" Miles's father's eyes were warm as he accepted her offer for a hand-shake. \"You too, Ms. Stacy.\" When he let go of her hand, he then offered his own to her dad, who took it. \"Thanks again, Captain,\" Officer Davis finished. \"You're welcome, Davis,\" her dad replied. With a last parting wave from Miles, the two walked off for the precinct's entrance as Gwen and her dad got back in his cruiser. Once they were buckled and ready to go, he looked over at her, smirking. \"I thought you had to use the bathroom.\" She rolled her eyes and crossed her arms. \"You're the one who said we had to go,\" she reminded him. \"And… I guess I can hold it fifteen minutes.\" He chuckled at started the car. \"Officer Davis's son was a cute kid, wasn't he?\" Gwen couldn't stop herself from smiling. \"Yeah, I guess so,\" she agreed as they pulled back into New York traffic. How did you like it? Gwen's now met bb!Miles out of the mask too :) The next story in this series will be posted next Monday. Thank you all so much for reading! ","Summary":" Take-Two \"Dad! I have band practice in twenty minutes,\" Gwen complained as they pulled into a spo"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"Spider-man into the Spider-verse","Author":"Wheredinosaursroam13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13241588","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Spider-Man into the Spider-verse Hello true believers for those of you who are fans of Stan lee and Steve Ditkos work which I've followed my entire life and miss stan dearly this is homage to them for all they've done for us nerds geeks, someone that never looked down on us but saw us as heros ourselves, something to laugh at cry about emote, Stan Lee always is was my hero. \"no matter how many times you get hit always get back up\"~Peter B. Parker~Gwen Stacy~Noir Peter B. Parker~Penni Parker~Peter Porker~Miles Morales This is an idea I had hanging around my head like a web for a while and I just couldn't help but write it down now I hope I do Spider-Man and Miles Morales justice for this ultimate Spider-verse story. Stay true to yourself never stop believing and with one final word Excelsior. Chapters will be few and far inbetween as I have two other fanfics I've been working on, so first chapter wont be available yet. Stan Lee- Dec 28, 1922- Nov 12, 2018[Chapter 2] A New Chapter in Life The blast was so powerful, that the grip I had on the ceiling tiles that were slowly being pulled off by the power of the inter-dimensional portal slowly sucking in everything around itself. A large bald headed man in a sharp black suit stood above, a young Black and red suited teen with a red spider adorning the chest of his costume. The mans large fists raised over the youth, it was like everything slowed down for a fraction of a second before the fists came down something red and blue flung into the large man at full speed. Waiting for the pain that would never come Miles opened his eyes to find the Kingpin on his side fighting with a familiar red and blue figure the figure was knocked back with a fist as the kingpin struggled to get up Miles knew what he had to do. Miles did a swing feet out electricity arcing from his body into his finger tips and feet. Shaking my head of Spider symbols I watched the kid swing at the kingpin, blue electricity shooting from Miles body I had no words to tell you what happened next lets do this again shall we from the beginning. Heya, my name is Miles Morales and I am Spider-Man well technically from another universe I became Spider-Man, I know I know that's kind of hard to believe but someone taught me that no matter how many times you get hit you should always get back up. Well the some friends told me that. Hey kid are you telling them the events before this or telling a life story everyone's already seen the movie!? Peter your messing up the atmosphere!? Whatever kid the moods been set let's finish with what we started. With all his strength he released 2,000 volts of pure electricity into the kingpins body just by touch alone, pushing the man over the edge and into the portals abyss. The machine was losing control looking over towards the viewing room he saw his father hanging on for dear life to his left an unconscious man in red and blue a decision had to be made save his dad, or save peter. He chose the latter just as the machine exploded in a shower of debris shooting his web forward slingshot with peter in his arms and covering his father from debris shaking his aching head and bones, Miles found his father unconscious. Not wanting to stick around for his father to find out the vigilante he's been hunting was indeed his own son, he crawled up the wall and web-swinged onto the roof of the building just as his father awoke and walked out of the building talking into his walkie-talkie of the damage. Miles looked to the unconscious Spider-man beside him any minute now and Peter would glitch out of existence, any moment now, he noticed no glitching occurring in fact everything about the other appeared to be normal almost as if... He didn't get to dwell long on it as the man beside him gasped and sat up quickly panting for air as if he'd been underwater for the longest time. \"M-Miles...MILES!\" He called fearfully only to have Miles beside him hushing him, he acted immediately clutching Miles to his chest he thought he lost the kid or was gonna lose him in that fiasco back there. \"Heh, guess this makes us even in the saving department\" The elder of the two rolled his mask up to breathe better, before chuckling at Miles response. \"I guess it does but technically I saved you.\" Miles stood up indignantly and responded a louder more annoyed response \"NO WAY! I SAVED YOUR BUTT FROM BECOMING SMOKED TURKEY!\" The two laughed it felt good to laugh, Miles sighed looking down at the people confused, scared of the chaos that just occurred throughout Brooklyn. \"You think my dad will be alright? in fact are you alright you didn't glitch out of existence when the portal to the multiverse was destroyed?\" Peter wasn't sure himself in fact he was just as confused if not more so, he didn't feel like he was gonna disappear anytime soon, and he didn't think it would happen ever again, so in fact he may be stuck here in Miles' world permanently. \"You should you know assure the 'officer' where 'Miles' is at.\" Peter said this with his fingers clenching he felt pain in his back the Kingpin sure packed a punch and he was definitely too old for this and out of shape. Miles looked at peter as he fell backwards letting gravity do the rest before flinging up and then onto the closest lamppost and hanging down. \"Good evening officer.\" Miles father jumped a mile in the air at the sudden deep voice and then the two bug eyed lenses staring at him. \"S-Spi-Spider-Man!?\" \"Yep.\" Miles popped the P while dropping down as his father had yet to call in back up on him or try to handcuff him. \"So uh... what ya did back there.\" Miles knew where this was going, and indulged to let his father think for himself for once; of course he hoped his dad didn't piece together who exactly he was. Miles decided he better get going before he let his father decide what to do with the alleged new Spider-Man. \"Yeah uh I'll see you around.\" A Hand landed on his shoulder, Miles was turned around slowly. His mind screaming did his father know, had he not been careful? \"I still don't agree with your methods.\" Relief flooded Miles, as his dad said that, smiling under his mask he faked his voice again. \"Then lets agree to disagree.\" Miles launched up and swung across Brooklyn melting into the cityscape, following closely beside him, his friend Peter, he was left with more questions than answers at this point. What was he supposed to do with the Peter Parker from the another universe he couldn't just bring him home of course there was May but wouldn't that just be pure torture to see peter and yet not her peter who was dead in his world. \"Hey kid what's on yer mind?\" Miles jolted as they halted mid swing to cling to one of the many buildings, to talk Peter seemed to be looking at him into his head almost, the man waited patiently for the younger to say something not getting a response he decided to be comedic. \"Hello? Hello earth to Miles did you just leave the station or something?\" Miles shook his head waving Peters hand away from his face, he let out a sigh. \"I don't know what to do...\" Peter contemplated before speaking and laid on the vertical building like it were a bed. \"Well you mean about life or puberty?\" If Miles could show blushing with his mask his mask would be almost as red as Peter's mask, he as well made a strangled sound in the back of his throat before shoving Peter who laughed at his embarrassed expense. \"THAT'S NOT WHAT I MEAN!\" Peter waved him off, all joking aside he got serious facing Miles fully. \"I know what you mean. Oh, what to do with the hobo from another universe.\" Peter looked straight at Miles this time, folding his arms looking away before releasing a breath. \"I'll be fine kid, I'll find myself a nice place and settle down maybe you'll see me at one of those homeless shelters; for now I guess I'll see you around.\" Miles wanted to stop him to tell him he could stay with him at his dorm his roommate would probably freak but, he could keep a secret maybe. Peter was gone, disappeared to who knows where, he let out a sad tired sigh before swinging off towards home. A spark occurred in the portal room shooting off a pink colored spark into the sky blacking out Brooklyn for a second time that night before a massive wave exploded over Brooklyn, and opened up a small hole in the sky. ","Summary":" Spider-Man into the Spider-verse Hello true believers for those of you who are fans of Stan lee and"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"Spider-Verse: A Tangled Web we Weave","Author":"shanejayell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13166051","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: This has SPOILERS for Into the Spider-Verse. If you have not seen the film, you should probably hit the back button. RIGHT NOW. Thank you! Spider-Man: Into the Spider-verse A Tangled Web we Weave Wilson Fisk sat at his desk in Fisk Tower, staring calmly at the woman sitting opposite him. \"So,\" he asked calmly, \"why didn't you tell me that people from other dimensions coming here would painfully glitch out then die?\" \"Ah,\" Olivia Octavius said quietly as he frowned down at her. \"How did you find out about that?\" she asked. \"On the security footage when you were talking to the older Spider-Man in your lab,\" Wilson said impatiently. Realizing he was getting annoyed Olivia tensed, knowing he could be over the desk with his hands on her throat in a moment. She quickly added, \"Yes, I was aware. Part of why I wanted to study the alternate Spider Man was to try to deal with that. I was fairly confident we could align a subject's atoms to our dimension, given time.\" Wilson sat back, apparently accepting that explaination. \"I called you here to let you know that we will not be rebuilding the super collider,\" he told her. \"But..!\" Olivia started. Wilson held up a hand, \"We will NOT be cancelling your research at Alchemax, and I will maintain your base funding. I think there is still potential in the research. But the Collider itself is too public right now.\" Olivia had to concede that. \"Thank you sir,\" she said meekly. \"Is there anything else?\" Wilson asked tiredly. \"We should offer to pay to repair May Parker's home,\" Olivia suggested quietly. The widowed aunt of their Spider-Man's house had been caught up in a battle between Fisk's men and the group of alternate universe Spiders. Wilson just LOOKED at her blankly. \"It will bolster your image as a good samaritan to the public,\" Olivia quickly pointed out, \"AND it will make the City's case against you weaker with you going out of your way to help your supposed 'arch enemy's' Aunt.\" She shrugged, \"It's a win win.\" Wilson looked at her thoughtfully, then he nodded slightly. \"I'll look into it,\" he said. The meeting concluded, and Olivia fled knowing that she was lucky to have escaped the man with her life. After she left Wilson Fisk sighed softly. He was free on bail, and he was confident that the charges filed against him wouldn't stick. While having the Super Collider beneath his building was damming, as well as it being staffed by his Alchemax employees, Wilson had taken precautions. None of the money for construction or staff could be traced to him, just to shell companies. His being caught on site could be dismissed as his finding out about the illegal operations and trying to stop it. All quite respectable. The only annoyance was a police officer observing him fighting Spider Man, but again... that could be written off as him attempting to stop an intruder. Really, Wilson expected there to be no long term effects from this failed operation. \"Mr Fisk,\" his secretary called over the intercom, \"your appointment is here.\" The older man entered, looking around warily. \"Mr Fisk? I understand you were looking into funding certain kinds of research?\" he asked. \"Mr Miles Warren, yes?\" Wilson smiled, \"I understand you're developing improved cloning technology...\" 0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0 Olivia Octavius returned to her lab, collapsing tiredly into a comfy office chair. She had maintained a confident appearance in front of Mr Fisk, but she hurt all over. Battling multiple Spider-Men was bad enough, but she had been hit by a BUS! Thank goodness her 'Octopus' rig had automatic impact reducing subroutines, or she might have been a goner. A replacement PC and new monitor had been delivered and set up while she had been away. One upside to her stuff getting stolen: she got a PC upgrade out of it. She opened up her browser and went to work downloading the various apps and widgets she liked on her desktop, even as she let the events of the past few days brew in the back of her mind. Their Spider Man was twenty six or so. (Poor bastard. He had just had the bad luck of running into the Goblin guarding the Collider. If that stupid Norman hadn't jumped him, who knows how things might have played out?) The Spider-kid looked like he was also native to 'their' universe. The Spider Woman was also about the same age range. But the black clad Spider was older judging by his voice and manerisms, as was the 'other' Spider Man she had questioned in the lab. And the strange girl in the Spider Mech was clearly from a future era. Olivia was arranging the downloaded apps she used, as she let the data compile in the back of her head. She frowned slightly as she checked if the computer clock matched up to her phone display, then froze as it hit her all of a sudden. \"TIME,\" Olivia hissed. TIME TRAVEL. She kept herself from saying that out loud, knowing the room was monitored by security camera. There was clearly a temporal factor at work in the travelling across dimensions! With the right refinement, you could use their technology to travel through time! Olivia KNEW she couldn't tell Mr Fisk about this yet. She was certain that if she did he'd immediately start pushing her to build a time machine, then send someone to the past to try to save his wife and son. At this point she only had limited practical evidence that the phenominon was even happening. Using the collider to access other times was only a theory for now. Not to mention the whole issue of temporal paradoxes. Could you send someone back in time, change a pass event, and eliminate WHY you sent them back there in the first place? Mind you, if she COULD prove it one way or another they'd have to make a new science prize, just for her. There was only one problem. \"I need the collider data...,\" Olivia sighed. The earlier data runs were all stored at Alchemax' labs. But the crucial one where their Spider-man had interacted with the collider and apparently summoned alternates were all in her old PC. Any other back ups had been destroyed with the collider itself. Oivia sat back in her chair, looking up at the ceiling pensively. There was no good reason for the Spider People to destroy her old PC, so hopefully the data was still there, intact. But retrieving it was the problem. Launching a raid against Spider Man's old base was vaguely feasable, but in any practical way was a bad idea. The first time, they had been lucky and caught the big guns off guard. If they tried it again, the Ultimates might come calling. Well, there was one other way... 0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0 \"Well, that's a thing,\" Miles Morales noted as they watched construction crews employed by Fisk repair the home's outside damage. \"I'm still not terribly sure this is a good idea, but...,\" May Parker shrugged, the older woman standing beside the young boy. \"Hmm,\" Miles nodded. He certainly understood morally ambiguous situations, after finding out his uncle had been the Prowler. \"You're going to have to sweep it for bugs after,\" he added wryly. \"Ha,\" May smiled wryly, \"I was doing that before, too.\" \"Can I ask a personal question?\" Miles asked hesitantly. \"Certainly. I won't promise to answer though,\" May noted. \"You seemed to know Doc Ock,\" Miles said hesitantly, \"how did that happen?\" \"Well, Doc was rampaging around the city, picked me up in a tentacle and somehow we hit it off,\" May said cheerfully. Miles looked at her blankly, \"What.\" \"Joking, joking,\" May smiled. \"Whew,\" Miles laughed. \"So what...?\" \"After Peter moved out, I put his things in storage and rented a room for students, usually,\" May explained. \"Room and meals, etc etc for a extra charge. And Olivia ended up staying with me awhile.\" She smiled wryly, \"She's really a living 'absent minded scientist' so I had to take care of her more than usual. So we got to be friends.\" \"Ah,\" Miles nodded. After Miles left May relaxed, sitting on a nearby park bench as she watched them work. Then she blinked as she saw a familiar figure walking up to her. \"Speak of the devil...,\" she muttered. \"Devil? Really?\" Olivia pouted as she sat down by May on the bench. \"You've looked better,\" May noted, hiding her concern behind mild snark. She looked like she had been beaten. \"I got hit by a bus. So sue me,\" Olivia said dryly. She paused, then sighed. \"I'm truly sorry about the attack on your house,\" she said quietly, \"I didn't even know we were coming here until the last minute. If I had known, I would have... done SOMETHING.\" May looked over at Olivia in surprise, seeing the truly pained look on the other woman's face. \"Thanks, Liv,\" she said, patting her arm. \"Admittedly, that comes out kind of hollow considering my joining in on the attack, but...,\" Olivia shrugged, but still felt touched May had called her Liv. \"Considering what happened to Prowler after he crossed Fisk, I'm not sure you had that much choice,\" May noted. Liv made a pained face, but nodded slightly. \"Now I'm going to totally undermine all that by asking a favour,\" she said abruptly. May looked amused, \"Oh?\" \"Can I get my computer back, please?\" Liv asked, clutching her hands in front of her and batting her eyes. May had to bite back a laugh. \"Will you promise you won't use it to break space-time again?\" she asked dryly. \"I promise,\" Liv held up her hand with a serious look on her face. May wasn't entirely sure of her sincerity, but the computer was Alchemax property. She, in theory, could try to send the cops after her. \"I'll FEDEX it to you under another name,\" May decided. \"Have someone at your office ready to sign for it...\" \"Thank you!\" Liv impulsively hugged her. To be continued...? Notes: The movie doesn't address Olivia not telling Wilson about the glitching problem. My thought was she was confident she could fix it... Yes, that's Miles Warren aka The Jackal, a long time Spider Man villain who used clones. I am assuming the movie is set in the wider 'Ultimate Universe' with their Avengers-like group called the Ultimates. My basic assumption is that Olivia has NOT been all that active as Doc Ock yet. She's basically a well known physicist who's considered okay to lecture high school students. So either she hasn't done the villain stuff much yet, or she's been very successful in keeping her ID secret. In the comics the first Doc Ock built the arm rig to operate multiple devices at once, so I could see Olivia doing the same...[Chapter 2] Spider-Man: Into the Spider-verse A Tangled Web we Weave: 1.5 \"Why no capes?\" Miles asked. \"Hmm?\" May looked at him curiously. \"The older Peter really had a thing about Spider Man not wearing a cape,\" Miles explained. May nodded slightly. \"When Peter started out, he didn't plan on being a hero. He wanted to use his powers as a preformer.\" Miles nodded attentively. \"His 'stage' outfit had a cape, you see. Anyway,\" May sighed, \"he was leaving a show when a criminal ran by. Peter didn't stop him, thinking it wasn't his problem. Later on, the man killed someone in a failed robbery.\" \"Oh wow,\" Miles winced. May didn't mention it had been Peter's uncle who had died. There didn't seem much point. \"So after that, I don't think he ever wore the cape outfit again,\" she said, \"and I expect something similar happened with the other Peter.\" \"I'm sorry,\" Miles said quietly. \"You didn't know,\" she patted his arm. To be continued... Notes: In some versions of Spider-Man's origin, he wore a cape as an added accessory with his wrestling gear. It seemed a neat reason why he's against capes if he was wearing one when he let the robber run by him. Of course, comics wise capes have never really been a 'thing' at Marvel anyway. The only major hero I can think of who regularly had a cape was Thor. This WAS going to be a bit in a much longer chapter, but it's not working out. Will likely re-write the rest and start over, basically... ","Summary":" Note: This has SPOILERS for Into the Spider-Verse. If you have not seen the film, you should probab"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"We are the Warriors","Author":"MusicHeart08","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13242650","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Peter B. Parker Alias: Subject 42/Spider-Man Status: The result of genetic experiments with Spider DNA and human Backstory: Taken away from his family at a young age, Subject 42 had been the gold-mine of genetic evolution in science. For years, the human-spider had been put through training sessions, and other torturous experiments to improve his powers. One day, the scientists had people tour through their lab, and that's were Subject 42 met Mary Jane. The only person in the world to ever see the suffering man that he was. At the end of the day, MJ helped him escape the scientists. She named him after New York's hero who had passed away recently but also changed it a bit. Peter B. Parker. The two eventually fell in love and spent years together in secret matrimony. Over time, MJ had brought up the subject of wanting kids, which frightened him. Because, while Peter loved MJ more than life itself, he knew that her life would only remain in danger the longer he stayed with her, and it wouldn't be long until his past caught up with him. So he left. Gwen Stacy Alias: Spider-Woman Status: Master thief, skilled assassin, and former partner to The Lizard Backstory: An underground mutant experiment center was going around New York, abducting children to perform tests on. Gwen and her best friend, Peter, were among the unfortunate ones who were chosen. The first step towards evolution was to erase the subjects' memories of their past, so they would be easier to manipulate. Even with their pasts gone, Gwen and Peter stuck together. Peter had gained Lizard-Abilities, while Gwen had gotten Spider powers. Years later, the two friends combined their powers and used it to take down the organization and set everyone free. Because of their repressed memories, and strange powers, the two had no place in the world except each other. \"The Lizard and Spider-Woman!\" New York's modern, and mutant, version of Bonnie and Clyde, stealing to survive. For two years the duo had been on the run, but after a confrontation with the police, Gwen couldn't do enough to save her friend. Peter Noir Alias: Spider-Noir Status: A Private Eye from the year 1933, and is currently lost in time Backstory: During the time of The Great Depression, Peter Noir had a job as a Private Eye. One day, while investigating the smuggling ring of Ancient Spider Statues, Noir had been bitten by one the dangerous spiders that been part of the ring, that granted him superhuman abilities. With the use of his powers, Noir took on the Criminal Underworld of New York, a war of a mob vs one man. Fighting Nazi's, drinking Egg Creams, the whole pot! One day, a mysterious portal opened and pulled him through. Unbeknownst to him, far in the future, a group of scientists were creating a Time Machine and were trying to travel to the time of WW2. Their machine had pulled Noir out of history and into their time! Unfortunately, they had no clue on how to send him back home, which meant that Noir was now stuck in the future. Well, at least they still have Egg Creams. Turns out that in the future, there are a lot more problems than Nazi's. Peni Parker Alias: Sp/dr Status: A young girl with an alien creature attached to her. Backstory: On her way home from school, Peni discovered a strange creature lying in an alley. The creature looked like a small robotic spider, except it didn't do much. Thinking that it was broken, Peni took the creature home to try and repair it. After hours, she was able to reactivate the creature and bring it to life. The two spent the rest of the day forming a friendship. Little did Peni know was that the creature she allowed into her home, wasn't a robot. It was an alien creature from the farther depths of space. The reason the creature had been lying dead in the alley was that it couldn't survive on Earth by itself, and the reason Peni was able to reactivate it, was because it chose her as its host. That night, as Peni slept, the creature attached itself to her body. In their symbiotic relationship, Peni and SP/DR formed a psychic connection, and their friendship only grew even stronger. Peter Porker Alias: Spider-Ham Status: A cartoon character that was brought to life by Dark Magic Backstory: After many failed projects and the loss of thousands of dollars, a local kids cartoon studio was under the threat of being shut down unless they could actually make a successful cartoon. Their last hope was an old scrapped idea: The Amazing Spider-Ham! In honor of their fallen hero. With dozens of jobs on the line and the risk of going into retirement bankrupt, the owner of the studio turned to dark forces to make sure that the cartoon would be the biggest success of their life. Using an ancient seance, the desperate owned contacted an Ancient Spirit, asking it to use its power to make their main character come alive in the eyes and hearts of their viewers. Unfortunately, the spirit was a bit of a trickster and once it heard the words Come Alive, it did just that. The Spirit brought Spider-Ham, literally, to life. Unfortunately, there are no refunds or take-backs when dealing with Dark Forces of Magic. When Ham came to life, his cartoon reality-bending abilities were brought to life as well Miles Morales Alias: The Prowler Status: A boy haunted/possessed by the spirit of his dead Uncle Backstory: Miles had been with his Uncle Aaron when he should have been doing homework when the two were confronted in an alley by a man with a gun. Apparently, he was Aaron's associate or something from his job, who was upset about something Miles didn't understand, that conversation ended with both Miles and Aaron being shot. When they arrived at the hospital, Aaron had already died while Miles was just barely breathing. No one could explain it but by some miracle, Miles had survived with barely any injury. However, he found prices for his survival. After that night, a shadow began to follow Miles around, he began having blackouts, and there was a familiar voice in his head. It wasn't long before Miles found out what was happening to him, His Uncle had saved his life, by taking it over. Aaron Davis had died that night, and it was the Prowler who came back.[Chapter 2] Let me start off by saying this: Thank you to everyone who liked this story idea. It means so much to me Ok, back to business. I have three ideas on how to introduce the characters, their story on how they got Spider-Powers, and how they became who they are. Option One: Like in Suicide Squad, New York Homeland Security is having a meeting or small gathering where they discuss the newfound Spider-People and their stories, where I can have a small flashback for each character. Pro: This will only take up one chapter Con: I am limited to how much material I can have for each character Option Two: I have each character tell their own stories, with the whole \"Let's start from the beginning!\" trope from the movie. Like they're being interviewed. Pro: I can write more with the story of each character, at least two-three flashbacks for each Con: Because of the length, I will most likely divide them into three characters per chapter. Which will take up two whole chapters. Option Three: I sort of combine the two. The Government discusses the Spider-People, and each character has their own chapter about their story. Pro: Like option two, I can write more with each of their stories. Con: This will take up Six Whole Chapters! This chapter will be deleted once I come to a decision. I am horribly indecisive and could use some advice. Thank you for attending my sad plea. ","Summary":" Peter B. Parker Alias: Subject 42/Spider-Man Status: The result of genetic experiments with Spider "},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"Interdimensional Love","Author":"TheNewRobin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13175922","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AUTHOR'S NOTE: *I DO NOT OWN SPIDER-MAN OR ANYTHING RELATED WITH HIM!* Hello everyone and welcome to my first ever fan fiction about Miles' and Gwen's relationship after the ,,Into the Spider-Verse\" movie. I got the idea for this fan fic right after watching the last scene where Gwen seems to open a portal to Miles's universe. I really hope you'll like it, but please keep in mind that this is my first time writing a story like that. PLEASE REVIEW, AND ENJOY! Chapter. 1 Miles was lying in his bed with his trusty headphones on, as always playing the \" Sunflower '' to his sleep. Miles loved this song in particular. It was the one thing that always calmed him down and relaxed, no matter if he was swinging through the city, fighting bad guys, having problems at school or simply argueing with his parents over dinner. This song just melted all the bad things away, not only that, it was also causing a lot of great emotions. It made him think about everything that happend over these last few days. The moments he spent with his family, especially with his uncle Aaron, but only the good ones, or when he was web-swinging through the forest for the first time with Peter. He remembered how he met his fellow spider-people, along with his universe's Aunt May, all of which helped him to eventually become the Spider-Man he always inspired to be. But all of these things were outshined by the memories of one person in particular. Gwen Stacy , the blonde haired Spider-Girl from another dimmension, or school, depending on the perspective, his Sunflower... Everytime he heard that music, it made him remember every single moment they spent together so clearly, it was like reliving them all over again. Ever since they first met, he knew that there was something very special about her. From the way she looked at him, her beautiful, light, blonde hair, especially after their \"little accident\" at school, her adorable smile, subtle piercing in her right eyebrow, and big eyes so gorgeous, he could swear they were made of pure diamonds. Gwen was very confident, smart and brave, which impressed our hero even more. She was also a great fighter, which she proved more than once. The blonde haired spider had a deep care for our hero and she was always nice and understanding towards him. Although she sometimes had her doubts in Miles' abilities, same as everyone else, Gwen never seased to believe in the young hero, and eventually saw a great power in him, which gave her strength as well. The way they were clumsily acting around each other created a strong, unspoken connection beetwen the two heroes. It made them feel like they knew each other forever, because they resembeld themselfes in a way. Her voice was so mezmorising, so that when she spoke, Miles couldn't focus on anything, but a cute little gap beetwen her snow white teeth, unless she was wearing a mask, of course. All of these things combined made him feel like never before, so good, yet never so nervous around anyone else in his life. He knew she was his soulmate , they perfectly understood each other, even without any words. And even though they parted as friends, our hero knew, that it was only the beggining of their shared story in the multiverse. And as he was dreaming about her, he heard...no, FELT Gwen's voice echoing around him waking him up. He couldn't believe that he was looking at his dream being materialised before his eyes. \"Miles? Miles! You got a minute?\", said the beautiful shadow exiting the portal, reaching for our hero's shoulder in a similar way he did, when they akwardly got to meet each other at school. At first, he thought he was still dreaming, but as soon as he felt her discinct touch on his skin, he reconsidered in a very smooth way. So much so, he fell off his bed, straight on his face. Fortunitely, his roommate was away to visit his family outside the city, so Miles didn't have to worry about him passing out in shock again, even though he already knew Miles' \" little secret \". Our young hero assimilated with the situation fairly quickly and sat up on his bed, with Gwen sitting next to him. A simple \"Hi'' was the only thing he could bring himself to say in response, astounded by the girl's presence. Gwen was wearing her casual clothes, to which Miles wasn't very accustomed to, but he didn't mind them, he didn't mind them at all actually... \"She looks so beautiful...\" , he said to himself in his head. \"Ahh , Focus, Morales, focus !\", were the thoughts that followed right after, snaping him out of his mindless stare. \"Look, I know that I shouldn't be here, unstable molecules and all, but I have a very important reason to'', said the supposed South-African with no accent, while rolling her eyes. \"And that is?'', replied Miles with a concerned look on his face. \"Y-you'', said Gwen stuttering a little. You could very clearly see the blush on her face, which made the kid from Brooklyn blush a bit in return. \"I missed you Miles, a lot'', she added. \"You know, in my universe I don't really have anyone since my version of Peter died, and I didn't want to put anyone else in danger, so I kind of cut myself off from people'', said \" Gwanda \" with a noticible remorse in her voice. She still blamed herself for her friend's death. You could almost see the tears forming in her eyes, just ready to be spilled. \"It wasn't your fault, you did everything you could to save him'', said Miles carefully wrapping his arm around the gold headed spider. She leaned over his shoulder and sobbed a quite: \"T-thanks Miles...It's really n-nice to finally have someone close to me'', she added, whiping off her tears. \"At your service, Sunflower...'', replied Miles with a confident grin on his face. \"Please say you like it, please say you like it...\", rambeled Miles in his head, a bit afraid of Gwen's reaction. \"Sunflower, huh? I like that'', Gwen responded with a little chuckle escaping her mouth as she wrapped her arm around his back. \"S he likes it ...\", thought Miles, trying to hold back a big smirk appearing on his face. They both felt like they're in the right place, with the right person . The atmosphere in the dorm room was simply stunning. Subtle moonlight creaping through the window, total silence and in the centre of it all, two of them stuck in a warm embrace. \"Should I tell him now? What if it ruins our relationship? \", Gwen was constantly thinking to herself, but eventually her feeling got over her judgement. \"M-miles?, she started. \"Yeah?'', he asked. \"I've been m-meaning to tell you s-something, something important\", stuterred Gwen, with a different than usual voice and a very distinct look on her face. She was nervous, her heart was speading up. \"I l-like you...'', she mumbled a bit uncertain. \"I like you too, Gwen'', responded Miles, a bit too hastily and a bit too casually, not realising, what she really meant. \"No, I... REALLY like you, Miles...I mean, like more than a friend'', she said a bit more firmly this time. Miles suddenly realised his current situation, causing his eyes to widen up a bit, and his mouth to open slitely with an intention to spill out his true feelings for her, but he couldn't do so, overwealmed by his dream's words. \"I have never felt like this around anybody ever before\", she continued, looking straight in his eyes. \"I just feel like I belong h-here ...with you \", she said laying her hand on his thigh. \"Gwen I...I don't know what to say, I really like you too, but you know you can't stay here for long\", he said with his heart also accelerating, causing an even deeper blush, although this time much more visiable on his dark face. \" Why am I discouraging her? Am I crazy?! That's literally the opposite of what I'm trying to...\", rambeled Miles in his head, when he was suddenly cut of by his angel's hypnotizing voice. \"Miles, I. ..I love you'' , she finally confessed, very softly...and very quietly...leaving no more words to be desired from neither of them... TO BE CONTINUED...[Chapter 2] AUTHOR'S NOTE: Welcome back! Thank all of you for such an amazing response to my work. Please, enjoy this next chapter and the future ones to come! PS: Sorry that you had to wait so long, I won't make any excuses, I just hope you can understand and forgive me :P PPS: I promise the next chapter will not be as fluffy as this one. Chapter 2 Time just stopped for a moment, for both of them. A thousand things rushed through each other's head at once. \"Did I really just said that? Screw it, I can't hold back now!\", she told herself in her head, and started to get closer and closer towards him, with an intention to kiss her lovely Spider-Boy. But when their lips almost collided with one another, a sudden, glitchy shockwave ran through the Spider-Girl's body. Miles was terrified, he quickly rushed over to Gwen, who was laying on the floor with her eyes closed. \"Gwen! Are you okay?\", he anxiously asked her, while holding her head. The girl slowly opened her eyes and before he could say anything else, he felt something so sweet on his lips, he doubted that it was really happening. \"Is this for real? Am I still dreaming?\", he thought to himself, but soon he wasn't thinking about anything, and was simply enjoying the moment. She put her arms around his neck, tightening the kiss. He did not remain indebted to her, and grasped the girl around her waist. The two spiders cohensiled with one another, feeling each other out. Miles took the initiative, exploring Gwen's mouth thoroughly with his tongue. The taste of her lips reminded him of things like honey, or the best of candy, but his Sunflower was so much sweeter than that. Finally, they had to part their lips, just to get some air. They leaned towards each other, touching their foreheads, smiling wishously at one another and staring into each other's eyes, all while panting from a lack of precious oxygen. \"That was just...wow...\", Gwen broke the silence. \"Yeah...WOW!\", replied Miles, still in a delicate disbelieve over what just happened. At last, he could expose his insides, without any fear holding him back. It seemed as though they both had very similar feelings for the other spider. \"I love you too Gwen, from the moment I saw you, I just knew you were the one\", he said looking at her lustfully, thinking about the things they could still do together that night and admiring her beauty. Their eyes were shining bright, reflecting the moonlight and twinkling a little. The look they gave each other could only mean one thing, they both wanted to go a bit deeper, and learn all about their other attributes... They kissed again, only this time much longer, and a bit more confident in their skills. They held hands, creating an even deeper connection between them, as their tongues intertwined with one another, fighting over dominance. At this point, they both were kneeling on the floor, across each other with their hands stuck together in between, when suddenly an idea crossed Miles' mind... \"Gwen...I've been meaning to tell you something else, something important...\", he started with a puzzled tone and a worried look on his face. \"What is it?\", she asked him with an even more dismayed exprection. \"This position is really uncomfortable\", he finally stated, releasing a strongly concealed smile. \"Screw you!\", she said jokingly in relief, lightly punching his shoulder, chuckling with a happy grin. \"Aww, what's that for?\", he asked while holding onto the striked place, smirking altogether. \"For making me worry about you again!\", responded Gwen, just with a slight signs of frustration coming out of her. \"Actually...I do have an idea, and a potential reason for you...\", he explicitly stated with a little smirk. \"I'm even afraid to ask\", she said with a light grimace on her face. \"Don't worry, I'm sure you'll like it\", confidently ensured her Miles, standing up from the ground, giving Gwen his hand in order to help his love get up as well. \"When did he get so romantic?\", she immediately thought. \"When did I get so romantic?\", were his thoughts exactly. \"Before we go, you might want to put on a mask\", he told her, exiting through the window. \"Where are we going exactly?\", she curiously asked him. \"You'll see, it's not too far from here\", he replied, putting on his mask and exiting through the window. Gwen did the same and so both spiders web-swinged to the mysterious location... Even in the air, they shared a sort of connection. The way they moved together was kind of poetic in a way, perfectly understanding and coordinated. While in the air, both of them were constantly thinking about each other. These short, few moments separated, were enough to arouse longing in them. Suddenly, another shockwave went through the Spider-Girl's slim body, causing her to fall uncontrollably to the streets below. And right before she hit the ground, Miles snatched her from the skies onto a nearby roof. \"Is everything alright?\", he asked her with a restless voice, removing his mask. \"Yeah, I'm fine...I think\", she hesitantly responded, taking her mask off too, exposing a worried look on her beautiful face. \"Come on...I see that something's wrong, you know you can tell me everything, right?\", said Miles with a strong glare in his eyes, holding Gwen's hand, touching her cheek and swiping off his \" Sunflower's \" hair in a delicate manner. \"I just...I don't know how long we can keep this up. What if it never goes away?\", she told him, with a conflicted expression. \"Hey...don't worry we'll figure it out somehow, I promise\", said Miles, hugging his love, which turned into another deep kiss between them. This time, thanks to the past experiences, they knew exactly how to manage their breath, and the kiss was much smoother than before. \"I'm really happy you're here, you know? I haven't actually told you that, but...I really missed you too\", he sincerely confessed. \"Thank you Miles, for everything\", she finally replied, grabbing him into another warm embrace. \"We still have places to be, remember?\", he eventually reminded her. \"Of course, but it would be nice to know where I'm going\", said a bit frustrated Gwen. \"Patience, please, we're getting there\", stated Miles in return. And so, the two spiders continued their journey to the mysterious location, which bugged Gwen more and more. After a few minutes, Miles stopped by one of the tenement windows. Behind it, layed a place very familiar to young Morales, perhaps too familiar in fact... No other place had that effect on him before. So many different emotions collapsing on him in that moment, so much joy and happiness, along with great pain intensified by regret. It was his uncle's apartment, and even though it was emptied by the Police, Miles could recreate every single detail of how it was before. \"What's wrong?\", gently asked him Gwen, to which he replied with: \"It's...it was...my uncle's place\", saddened Miles, placing his hand on the window glass. \"I'm so sorry Miles...I guess we both have to be pitiful tonight\", she said to him. \"Hey...look at me\", she continued silently, taking off her mask and then his, revealing his glittering eyes, getting ready to cry in sadness. \"I love you, and I'm here for you, no matter what\", she said gazing at him, as she caressed his face. \"I...I know Gwen...I love you too...\", he sobbed quietly. \"Come on, after all, you did promise to show me something\", said Gwen with her charming voice, placing a delicate kiss on his cheek, wet with tears. \"Right...sorry about... that \", said Miles, putting on his mask once again. \"I guess now we're even\", she stated with a gentle half smile. \"Yeah...I guess we are\", he confirmed, smiling in return. \"So, with all of that out of the way, can we PLEASE be going already?\", anxiously demanded Gwen. \"Hey, relax, we're REALLY close now\", he assured her once again. \"We better be!\", she quickly replied. Finally, they arrived at their destination. It turned out to be the old train tunnel, the same one that Aaron showed Miles before he got his powers on that memorable night… \"We're here\", he finally revealed. \"An old tunnel? Not gonna lie, I expected a bit more\", said Gwen with a clear disappointment in her voice. \"It's much more than just that\", corrected her Miles. \"What do you mean?\", she responded, her disappointment turning into curiosity. \"Gwen...I got bitten here...It's where it all started\", slowly mumbeled Morales, staring at the dead, still glitching spider. \"Miles...why did you bring me here?\", gently asked him Gwen, touching his shoulder. \"I...I...don't know, I thought that maybe...here, somewhere we could find something that could help us...help...you\", he said disturbed, facing his girl with his eyes looking down, as if in shame of himself. \"Hey...don't worry about it, we'll find a way...somehow\", she said, carefully raising his chin up, causing him to drown in her deep, blue eyes, followed by a quick kiss on the lips. \"Wait...look\", he suddenly said, approaching the deceased spider. \"42...I feel like this number haunts me\", mumbeled Miles, staring at the creature. \"And why is that?\", she said in return, a curious grim appearing on her face. \"Kind of a long story, but...do you remember that hard drive which we stole from Alchemax? One of the encrypted files was named...\"42\", told her Miles, a bit concerned and pensive. \"You think that Alchemax had something to do with it?\", she replied, her tone lowering just a little. \"I don't know yet, but I know someone who does, time to pay our favourite lady octopus a visit\", stated Miles, his confidence getting back to him. \"Sounds like a plan, but I had enough for one day...and I'm tired, can I crash at your place tonight?\", she yawned, giving him a clear signal, that she was telling the truth. \"You don't need to ask, of course you can, feel free to come by anytime you want, you'll always be welcome. I'm sure Lee won't have anything against it, he's a really cool guy, trust me. Oh and he knows about the whole spider-thing, so you have nothing to worry about. Besides, I'm sure my parents will be delighted to meet you\", he kept assuring her, meaning his every word. \"You're so sweet, thank you Miles\", said Gwen, pecking his cheek in a sarcastic manner and giving him a sweet kiss on the same spot. And with that, the two spiders ventured off into the night, leaving nothing except for a lovely trail of their webs behind. It started to rain and a storm was appearing on the horizon. Miles noticed that Gwen was kind of nervous all of a sudden. \"Something wrong?\", he gently asked, grabbing her by the shoulder. \"No, everything's fine, don't worry\", she said in return, trying to keep a warm smile. \"Ok, It's getting late, we should rest if we want to take on the octopus tomorrow\", stated Miles, with a serious look on his face. \"You're right...I'd like the lower bed, if you don't mind\", said Gwen, yawning in the process. \"Sure, all yours\", he quickly replied. And when they were both ready to finally get some sleep, he slowly walking towards her, looking deeply into her blue eyes until they touched foreheads. \"Goodnight, Sunflower \", he softly whispered in her ear, kissing her there in a delicate manner, sending a shiver down her spine. Gwen swiftly responded not with words, but with probably the most passionate kiss they have had yet. She grabbed his face with both of her hands, pulling him as close as she possibly could, exploring every inch of his mouth, feeling his heartbeat in sync with her own. She slowly pulled away from him, staring in his big eyes. \"Don't you ever dare to leave me again\", she said, a huge grin spreading all over her beautiful face. \"I won't...I swear, we will find a way...always\", pledged to her Miles, sharing a big smile himself. And with a one last hug, they both got situated in their beds. The storm was picking up and the thunder was raging outside, so much so, it kept Gwen awake...and a bit scared, although she wouldn't admit it, even to herself. And then it happened, another painful shock wave ran through the Spider-Girl's body. Making her moan quite loud in agony. It seemed as though her emotional state determined the strength and frequency of the outbursts...and it wasn't good at the moment, not good at all. Miles heard his love's cries and rushed over to her instantly to see what happened, and when he saw her laying on the floor next to her bed in tears and a awfully painful look on her face, he couldn't hold tears as well. He took her in his arms, pulling Gwen as close to him as possible \"Shh...It's gonna be OK, I'm here... I'm here \", he softly whispered to her, shedding a tear of his own. \"You have to get some sleep, please...for me, try to calm down\", said Miles, still trying to ease her. A bit hesitant, she eventually decided to ask him for something she wanted all along, but was too afraid to do so. \"C-can I...sleep with you?... Please… \", sobbed Gwen, her voice barely above a whisper. \"Of course you can...come on\", he gently said, kissing her forehead, picking her up from the ground. Miles carefully moved her to the lower bed, and laid alongside her, hugging her in a delicate manner. He felt her pain drifting away, her heartbeat going back to normal, once again in sync with his own. She didn't say anything else, just relished the moment in his warm embrace. Eventually Gwen's exhaustion got to her, pulling the girl into long awaited sleep and Miles along with her… TO BE CONTINUED... ","Summary":" AUTHOR'S NOTE: *I DO NOT OWN SPIDER-MAN OR ANYTHING RELATED WITH HIM!* Hello everyone and welcome t"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"Gwen and Miles","Author":"Millster7","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13193680","Passage":"[Chapter 1] NONE OF THESE CHARACTERS BELONG TO ME. THEY ARE ALL THE PROPERTY OF MARVEL. Takes place around a month after the events of Into the Spider Verse Miles walks through a pair of doors into a diner and spots a familiar haircut sitting near the back. Since the person has their back to him he has no way to know for sure if it is who he thinks unless he walks by. He tries to play it cool until he sees no one is looking at him so he walks normally. The booth draws closer Miles is hardly breathing when he manages to ask \"Hey do I know you?\" The girl turns around in her booth and looks at him with a smirk. It's Gwen Stacy. \"I think so.\" She says with laughter in her voice. They exchange smiles before things turn awkward as they have no idea what to do. They had talked across the dimensions once when Gwen contacted him in his dorm room but otherwise they had mostly just thought about each other. Gwen jerks her head towards the booth across from her. He sits gratefully and they chat a little bit about trivial things before Miles asks the big question. \"So how did you get here? Not another collider.\" Gwen smiles at his feeble joke. \"No I have a dimension transportation watch. I need your help. I knew you would come here to eat eventually.\" She shows him a wanted poster of a man. \"This is my dad. He's a cop and for some reason he has been framed for a murder he didn't commit. It may seem trivial and small but recently other cops have been fired or even murdered for various reasons. Someone is trying to get the cops out of the way and we need to find out why. Miles please, there are two reasons I came here. First it is where the watch took me, but second I trust you Miles so if our friendship means anything to you I need you to come back with me before we have to involve other dimensions again because, let's face it that was messy.\" Gwen finishes her speech and looks at Miles who, in turn, looks at his hands. His face is downtrodden and sad. All of his worries are too much for him. He opens his mouth and tells her in a solemn voice \"Alright let's do this thing.\" Gwen perks up happy to have him as her teammate again. She gives him a quick bear hug but then straightens up to adopt her more professional manner. \"Right, let's go!\" Miles hesitates with a look of sheepishness and coyness. \"Uh Gwen the receipt?\" She glares at him. \"You're the one who lives here!\" She tells him angrily \"Yeah well I'm the one who's going to rescue your dad!\" He fires back. She drops her glare and says \"I know I'm only teasing you.\" She grows more serious \"But honestly Miles I really am grateful for what your doing and my dad will be too.\" Under her breath where Miles can't hear she adds \"I hope.\" She then walks out of the diner as Miles runs after her and they fall into a rhythm. Gwen turns into an alleyway. Miles looks on ,confused, as she fiddles with her watch before it responds \"Gwen and guest you are now returning to Earth-65.\" Miles grabs onto Gwen's wrist as they fly into another dimension. Gwen lands expertly on her feet but Miles falls onto his face luckily not breaking anything. However he is bruised and scratched on his cheeks and chin. Gwen moves confidently through the streets over to a building that looks like an office. \"This is the regular police headquarters where my dad normally works but they do have a couple of holding cells in the sub basement.\" Miles nods and they walk through the doors. The security guard on duty nods at Gwen and says \"Evening Miss Stacy. Your father is a little frantic but you know how he can get. When his mind starts worrying it won't ever stop. Well you better get down there and calm him down before he busts out himself. Then we would have to put him in an actual prison.\" The two walk on and meet another guard by the elevator who's a little less friendly. \"Who's your friend?\" He growls at the pair. \"Oh he's my friend.\" responds Gwen just as Miles says \"Brother\". Gwen quickly improvises by saying \"he is the brother of my best friend.\" The guard raises an eyebrow but hands them two IDs and lets them on the elevator. As the door closes Miles blushes and says apologetically \"Sorry, I should have let you do your thing. You know these people, I don't.\" Gwen looks at him and agrees gently \"That's true Miles, but it worked out so let's focus on what's in front of us not behind ok?\" Miles nods in agreement and they arrive in a hallway with heavy doors. Gwen walks through the second one and scans the barcode on the ID they were given. Right before she walks in she turns and appraises Miles. She then walks back to him and whispers \"Ok a couple of things before we go see my dad 1) always address him as Captain Stacy 2) he is a very proud man who can not stand to ask anyone for help and that includes his family so don't mention anything about his predicament. 3) We are going to have to fix your appearance because I'm visiting with a boy and even though we're just friends he definitely won't see it that way. So just dust yourself, fix your hair, uh maybe try to hide those scratches and let's get this over with.\" Miles takes in her wisdom and fixes his appearance. His fingers brush one of the scratches knowing it's visible and will automatically make him an easy target. After Gwen is satisfied with his physical appearance they both scan their IDs and walk in. She immediately rushes over to a tall man sitting behind a desk and gives him a ginormous hug while telling him \"Hi Dad! Sorry I'm late but I decided to walk. Um also I'd like you to meet Miles. He's been helping me out.\" Her dad stiffens and looks straight at Miles. \"Son come over here.\" He barks. Miles walks over slowly. \"Lean in I have something important you need to know.\" Miles leans in trying to appear confident. \"If my daughter ever tells me you hurt her in anyway your dead meat.\" Miles eyes widen but he keeps himself from making a nervous joke. He knows not to joke around with this fierce cop. \"Yes sir.\" He says respectfully. Gwen hurries forward and pulls Miles away from her father. \"Alright Dad, as much as I love you threatening my friends I didn't bring Miles here so you could embarrass me. I brought him here because he is a Spider-Man. We need his help to find the real criminal.\" Gwen's father asks secretively \"So you know her secret?\" Miles nods knowing not to say it aloud because of the cameras. Her father relaxes and leans back against his chair \"Well your visiting time is up but honey we will figure this out. For now, stay a distance away from my daughter young man.\" Gwen hugs him once more while saying quickly \"Bye Dad!\" while dragging Miles by the arm from the room. Once out of the building she turns down the street and after walking for a while Miles tries to start a conversation. \"So uh where we headed?\" Gwen looks over at him and responds briskly \"To my house.\" Miles gives up and looks at everything around him in curiosity until they arrive at a simple yellow two story. She uses a key and unlocks the front door. She leads Miles up to her bedroom where there is a poster announcing the Mary Janes, newspaper clippings about Spider Woman pasted to the wall, a mirror, and a large wardrobe with a lock on it. Gwen goes straight to the wardrobe and unlocks it showing all that is in their is her costume. She throws off her jacket revealing a tank top underneath. Then she dresses in her costume right after she practically shoves Miles out of her bedroom. Once she is fully dressed in her Spider-Woman costume and Miles has put his Spider-Man costume they web out of the window through the city where Gwen leads him to her favorite place to sit and survey the city. Miles asks \"So are The Mary Janes a popular band around here?\" Gwen laughs \"I guess. I'm the drummer and as you can guess Mary Jane Watson is the lead singer along with Gloria Grant and Betty Brant. Everyone here is younger then in your world. May and Ben Parker are still alive.\" Miles doesn't respond knowing this is a sore subject for Gwen. Especially since her Peter Parker is dead. After looking at the city in silence Gwen looks at Miles and asks quietly \"Do you ever way wish you had better powers?\" Miles looks over at her. \"What do you mean?\" He asks. \"Yeah we have powers that can save lives but they can't prevent all the death. If I could improve my power I would be able to prevent all death.\" rants Gwen. Miles looks away and says \"That's a lot of power for one person to hold. Maybe too much.\" Gwen looks at him angry at his comment. \"What? You think-\" she stops and looks out at the city. \"Hold up I see him. It's Wolverine!\" Miles looks over confused \"Wolverine? Who's that?\" Gwen gives him a \"duh\" look before remembering he doesn't live in her world. \"Oh he's a guy that goes around and does the dirty work. He is basically a henchman.\" Miles nods and they both stand up and web down to him. He starts and then glares at the pair while giving a dark smirk. \"You think because your spider people and I'm outnumbered I'm going to give up?\" Miles responds smartly \"No but we're hoping you'll realize your mistakes. If you don't want to that's fine too!\" Wolverine rolls his eyes and yells \"Your about to be taught why you shouldn't make the Wolverine angry!\" Gwen yells out \"Watch out Miles! He has claws that pop out of his hands!\" Miles barely dodges then throws a web at his hands but the Wolverine easily slides through it. \"Your attempts to subdue me are funny but it is a small gap from funny to angry and trust me if you cross it you can't come back\" Gwen rushes forward \"Alright enough death threats from you Wolfie. Let's put you back in your kennel.\" She webs his legs together while yelling over to Miles. \"This guy is indestructible so we can't wound him but we might be able to knock him out and put him in containment. Put your webbing where his claws can't reach!\" Miles nods and webs the back of his legs together causing Wolverine to fall before Gwen punches him in the face knocking him unconscious. They wrap him in webs and then call the police. Once they arrive Gwen hides and pulls Miles with her. \"Why are we hiding?\" asks Miles in a whisper. \"You know how your dads a cop and the cops were after all of us in your universe? Well in my universe since Peter died after fighting Spider- Woman everyone assumes I'm guilty so even though I'm saving everybody everyday they would still arrest me for that one death.\" She finishes and stays quiet for a long time. Once the cops are gone Gwen slinks out and webs away leaving Miles behind. Miles tries to follow but Gwen lost in her thoughts forgets she has to slow down for him. Miles wanders the streets noticing some of his friends look different and that some of his favorite spots are not around. As he walks by a house he notices it looks similar to Gwen's so he climbs on the second level and sees it is her house. He climbs through the window and sees the room is in a frantic state. Gwen is not their and after examining the whole house he sees she is not anywhere in the house. As he waits on the windowsill of her room he notices her walking back slouched over and dejected. She is wearing civilian clothing over her costume and doesn't notice Miles. She walks inside and when he hears her coming up the stairs he waits patiently. When she opens the door she doesn't look at the window at all and goes straight to her closet and takes off her jacket. She sighs sadly before Miles jokes \"Rough day?\" Gwen spins around and practically yells \"Miles! Your ok!\" Right before she comes right next to him and punches him in the arm. \"Hey what was that for?\" Miles asks indignantly. \"For getting lost doofus!\" She says. Miles raises an eyebrow \"Really? How am I supposed to keep up with you when you take off like a rocket and don't wait up?\" Gwen's eyes widen as she remembers. \"Oh man. I'm so sorry Miles but after seeing the cops and remembering the Peter I..I..just had to get out of there. I thought you were right behind me.\" Miles drops down from the windowsill and puts his hand on her shoulder gently. It makes her smile as she remembers their awkward first meeting in the hallway. Miles remembers it too and removes his hand but gives her a gentle smile. \"I am here for you even if we're in different dimensions ok?\" Gwen gives a sheepish smile while saying \"Ugh. I thought these emotions with Peter were buried but then they just come out at weird times.\" She then turns to a pin board and looks at it. (To be continued)[Chapter 2] On it the pin board are headshots of different villains with red x's on some to indicate death or imprisonment. Miles notices a headshot with a circle. \"Wait you have a Kingpin too?\" Gwen nods and grimaces. \"Matt 'Murderdock'\". Miles taps his finger against the picture. \"So where is he and is he a suspect?\" Gwen fidgets and looks uncomfortable. \"Umm so yeah about that. All you need to know is he can't hurt anyone here.\" She looks upset again so Miles quickly asks \"So now what? We got the bad guy behind bars and justice has been served.\" Gwen's phone pings and she looks over at it. \"I have the news app give me notifications when a cop story comes up so I'm always up to date.\" She reads it and her eyes widen. \"Miles. Five more cops were murdered. Wolverine really was just a henchman. We have to find the real culprit. Now!\" She has anger in her voice as she tears off her jacket and throws it on her bed. \"You ready?\" She asks Miles and as soon as he nods she takes off with Miles barely able to keep up. Gwen's anger seems to give her extra energy because she doesn't stop until she reaches her destination which is the place five cops were murdered. She lands in a run and immediately starts examining the crime scene. \"Yep this is definitely the evidence I needed that A.I.M. Is behind these attacks. They must be planning something bad for my world. We need to infiltrate them but the thing is there are also sub groups such as Hydra who are very likely to be behind this. Their an organization people can hire because the people who work there kill for fun or money. A little bit of both.\" Miles can't wrap his head around this and says slowly \"so they killed these cops because they could?\" Gwen nods and grinds her teeth. \"Just because they're trying to protect us. This is why we fight Miles. This is what we use our powers for.\" Miles nods and Gwen feeling she has given enough speeches swings off without another word. Miles follows close behind and as they swing across the town they catch the attention of the cops. \"Are.You. Kidding. Me!\" yells Miles. \"No Miles, this is a good thing! We can lead them to the headquarters and have them arrest the people.\" Miles sees a flaw but keeps his mouth shut. As they get closer though Hydra is prepared for them and soon the ground is littered with destroyed cars,bodies and the agents grinning completely unharmed. Gwen knows how this has impacted him and says gently \" It's ok Miles. It's ok I'm here.\" He looks at her his face filled with anguish. \"Miles I know that was hard so if you want to go home I'll be ok on my own for a while.\" Miles gives a relieved sigh. \"Thanks so much. I want to help you Gwen I do but it's just too much too soon. I can't do it.\" Instead of comforting him Gwen turns away with her back to him while saying angrily \"That was a test and you failed. Real Spiders don't put themselves before civilians or innocent lives that could be saved with their powers. I didn't know you were a quitter Miles but just know next time you won't be the one I come to for help EVER! She webs away leaving Miles with no way home and no one to talk too. He remembers Gwen told him that May and Ben Parker were still alive and they were also her neighbors. He retraces his steps and looks at the house and hesitantly knocks. Ben Parker opens the door and says \"who are you?\" Miles looks over at Gwen's house and says \"I'm a friend of your neighbor Gwen Stacy.\" Ben looks at him before letting him in. \"So how did you meet Gwen?\" Miles tells him \"I'm a Spider Man and I met her when she came to my world. As Spider Woman.\" Ben winces as his eyes grow hard. \"I know and I still haven't forgiven her but why did you come here?\" Miles looks up at him with anguish. \"I saw a horrific event and I can't deal with trying to save people after it. I tried to explain it to Gwen but she got angry and abandoned me.\" Ben looks tired and says \"sit down and let me tell you how I found out and how the whole world found out about her powers. First off if I seem callous and angry about her and the powers she was given it's because she killed my son Peter Parker when she was Spider-Woman and he was the Lizard. I know I should not blame her because she didn't know and was just trying to protect the people she loved but Peter did it because he felt helpless and vulnerable after years of bullying. Fast forward and Gwen has disappeared and Spider-Woman changed, wreaking havoc everywhere and letting criminals escape. Then Gwen shows back up and reveals to May, The Mary Janes, and I that she is Spider-Woman. She also told us that she had bonded with a symbiote to enhance her powers but it also made her more destructive. Moving on, she tried to come to us for help and the girls were already there as was May but I just could not get over that she had 1) not told us and 2) she had, unknowingly, killed my only son. It's a grief I will never forget. I told her if she needed to die then so be it. It was harsh but my anger and anguish wouldn't let in compassion so I abandoned her in a time of her greatest need.\" Ben looks directly at Miles. \"You get what I am saying right? You abandoned her when she needed you most so she left you. Simple. Now you can do something I never had the chance to do. Apologize and make it better.\" He waits and when Miles doesn't move he says \"What are you waiting for? Go!\" Miles leaves the house and knows that Gwen will eventually return to her favorite spot to overlook the city. He waits for a while before she arrives just as the sun starts setting. She looks up at the sky and says aloud \"What am I doing wrong Peter? Why can't I have one friend that doesn't betray me, or leave me, or live somewhere else? Is it too much to ask that I can have someone to relate to. You were so easy to talk to Peter. So easy.\" She finishes up just as the sun sets completely. This seems like a normal ritual for her and she seems ready to leave so Miles steps out and becomes visible. \"Uh Gwen? Can I apologize for my selfishness and abandonment?\" Gwen looks startled then looks at him suspiciously. \"Were you following me? Spying on me? Listening to me?\" Miles backs up looking very alarmed. \"No, no, no! Nothing like that! I just wanted to apologize for my behavior. I was supposed to be helping you not making everything worse and giving you another thing to worry about.\" Gwen smiles and says \"I'll let you off this time but it better be your last weak moment because we need all the strength and brain power we can get. These guys aren't playing and it's time to show them we aren't either. It's time to go on offense!\" She waits then looks at Miles. Miles looks back bewildered. \"Um am I supposed to do something?\" He asks politely. \"Yes.' Sighs Gwen 'this is where you talk about how your going to save the world. You know what. Forget it! Let's just get going!\" As they survey the city Gwen sways on her feet and Miles glances over. \"Uh Gwen? Have you slept at all today?\" Gwen winces \"um no I haven't slept since my dad went to prison.\" She pauses unwilling to tell him but does it anyway. \"That was a week ago.\" Miles stops immediately and grabs Gwen by the shoulders. \"Seriously Gwen? I know you are strong and can do stuff I can't but you need sleep to do it.\" She sighs and gives in. \"Alright just promise me-' she breaks off in a yawn 'that you will keep up the watch.\" Miles nods and Gwen trudges back to her house. The next day Miles goes over and sees she is still asleep so he leaves the house without waking her up. He sees no activity happening below so he decides to go find a place to eat for a quick break. Once there he digs into his food relishing each flavor until Gwen storms in and glares around the room before it lands on Miles who suddenly remembers his job. He wonders if he can escape before she reaches his table. Gwen stomps over and says icily \"So as soon as I wake up I look for you and where are you? Not doing your job that's where!\" Miles stands up and decides to give it right back \"Listen Gwen I get this job is stressful but I'm sick of you yelling at me nonstop. I'm not your punching bag!\" He turns away and this times it's Gwen who reaches out and puts her hand on his shoulder. \"Miles look at me. Your right I am angry and I shouldn't be taking it out on you but the people we need to take it out on are still roaming out there free.\" They walk out together in complete silence until they are a block away from their target. In a helicopter they decide to approach the back way dropping straight onto the roof so they don't get spotted too early. Once there Gwen will have Miles go in alone and invisible then make a big distraction hopefully taking out some guards on the way. Lastly she will come in and they will battle it out then go from there. Gwen waits impatiently on the roof tempted to barge in but controlling herself. Miles however is enjoying himself as he takes advantage of the metal weapons being carried to use his venom blast and fry them senseless. Once he arrives on the roof to reunite with Gwen he finds she is gone. He immediately knows she decided not to wait on him after all. He shakes his head in aggravation but when he scans the building and looks at the security cameras he notices they have been replaced with loops. He snarls and decides to manually search for Gwen. He goes through the floors systematically but doesn't pick up any sign of life. Then he reaches the highest floor and finds her surrounded and restrained by most of the agents. One man looks up and Miles automatically knows he's the leader. He comments callously \"Look who showed up to the party. It's her ex boyfriend. Because X marks the spot' he pauses dramatically 'of death\" everyone laughs at the cruel joke. Gwen struggles and tries to help but it only makes them laugh harder. An eyebrow less man notes \"oh and don't try going invisible buddy cause we all got some special tech that helps spot your spidery radiation heat signal.\" The leader smacks Eyebrowless and growls \"You don't tell him that brainless!\" The leader adjusts the scarf around his neck and explains calmly\"Silly,silly, silly little spider. Your brain isn't much bigger than my colleagues here. You think we would let you win, you think you can beat us, you think we were after you. Insolence I never allow in my business. You see this cut. I didn't get it in some knock off fight. I got it by showing everyone who is boss through my smarts. There is a reason they call me Doctor Falcon, but moving on you're probably wondering about your little friends fate. You see we have been after your Spider Gwen for a while now. She is very valuable to our research and if her body survives she will be even more valuable.\" He comes over and strokes her cheek with a fingernail. \"Who knows she might even become my wife.\" He lets out a cackle as if it is a private joke. Nobody else laughs and eventually he stops. Everyone gets back to work and ignores Miles. He stares as people bolt Gwen to a table with handcuffs and start taking lots of blood samples. Her gag is still in place but it is obvious she is screaming although the scientists disregard it altogether and continue their work talking ambialy to each other. Miles starts towards the table before being yanked back by Doctor Falcon. \"No,no,no let's not interrupt the scientists and their VERY important work. You wouldn't want any harm done to your' he pause for the right word 'Spidery girlfriend.\" He says mockingly. Miles tries to tackle him but Eyebrowless steps in the way and pushes Miles back. \"I wouldn't.\" He warns in a heavy tone. Doctor Falcon steps forward again and looks at Miles \"It seems we can't do this the diplomatic way of just releasing you with some money and a promise to keep your lips sealed. Very well. We don't have to be diplomatic either.\" Miles finds his voice and responds \"What about this process is diplomatic? How is anything your doing diplomatic?\" Falcon smiles and pats him on the shoulder \"diplomacy is not an action it's a behavior. I could kill you right now but diplomacy stops me. As for the process it may not be diplomatic but it's innovative and helps build our future. So your friend should be tickled pink that she is helping the world become better.\" Miles shakes his head slowly \"She was helping the world but now she is hurting it by working for you.\" Falcons look grows deadly \"it also doesn't help to tick off the host.\" He snaps his finger and Miles is grabbed by the shoulders and escorted out. On the streets again he paces and snarls vehemently at the people working for A.I.M. \"Ok so now I need to get back in there but they probably have tons of weapons and booby traps for their enemies so now what?\" His loud musings had two reasons. To throw A.I.M. off his trail and two so he could work out his thoughts aloud. He knew an aerial attack was now out of question but what if he did a straightforward attack? Climb the building and break a window with his spider strength, bust in, save Gwen, and escape together. It was stupid enough to work. Once inside he went back up to the room this time taking the stairs and not going invisible. A normal person taking the stairs was probably less inconspicuous then a moving heat signal. Once on the top level he sees Gwen is unconscious from all the tests and he loses his sight for a minute as everything grows a reddish tint. He charges the room blindly using the super strength to his advantage. He releases Gwen from the machine all while fighting the agents. She still doesn't wake up or respond so he lifts her onto his shoulder and webs away. He barely makes it to her house as his super strength fades with his anger. He collapses on the front stairs and pants as he tries to catch his breath. After a couple minutes of rest Miles checks on Gwen but knows he can't get her to the bedroom. He stares at her beauty before snapping himself out of it. Pay attention to the task at hand he thinks to himself. As he is mentally berating himself Gwen slowly starts to twitch but Miles doesn't notice. When she finally opens her eyes and rasps \"Miss me?\" Miles leans over and gives her a quick kiss on the lips. He seems taken aback by his own bold move but Gwen just gives a wheeze and says \"ok then\" in a weirded out voice. She sits up and looks at Miles. \"Are you ok? Seeing me like this can't be easy in you.\" Miles gives a fake laugh \"yeah. I busted in and beat up most of the guys then rescued you before they killed you with the medication procedures.\" Gwen stands up carefully \"My hero\" She says with a touch of sarcasm. \"Alright enough lounging around we need to get back in there.\" Miles stands up as well and walks in front of her. \"Gwen have you been drugged out of your mind?! They already kidnapped you once! What if that happens again?\" Gwen stares back, defiant \"Doing nothing is not an option and if it happens again I have you to protect me. I need to stop this Miles!\" Miles sighs knowing he can't stop her or change her mind. \"Fine.\" Gwen smirks happy she won the debate without having to force him. Miles takes the lead this time and for Gwen's safety they walk as Miles isn't sure she's completely awake. As they come back to the dreaded office Gwen hesitates for the first time ever since Miles has met her. She tries to stick to the wall but falls down. She tries again but the second time is even worse. She sits up and groans. \"Why is this not working?\" Miles frowns and tells her hesitantly \"I think when they took your blood they also took some of your powers.\" Instead of automatically trying to deny it she slumps back down and says dejectedly \"well then it is up to you to save the world because I can't do it.\" To be continued ","Summary":" NONE OF THESE CHARACTERS BELONG TO ME. THEY ARE ALL THE PROPERTY OF MARVEL. Takes place around a mo"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"Alright people, let's do this one last time","Author":"TheBoludaSpring","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13236322","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alright people, let's do this one last time Chapter 1. It begins when it should end. There aren't many thoughts in his head as he falls, except the absolute certainty that Miles will triumph no matter what he faces, and the indescribable (and strange) pride he feels for that boy. His last moments in that universe, far from the intrusive and useless worries that usually plague his mind, are dedicated to the kid who has done so much for him without knowing it. Peter already irretrievably misses him (will there be any way to see him again without fucking the multiverse?). The smile of Miles stays with him when he submerges in the ocean of fast and furious colors that's the portal, in the not so distant sounds that he recognizes belong to his New York, and it's not until that moment that he listens to his city call him that he realizes how much he longs to be back home, how terrified he was of dying in a universe that wasn't his, of not being able to apologize to MJ. God, he loves that child so much for giving him this opportunity, he is almost in ho-... Peter's spider sense sends him a warning. There are no enemies or threats in sight, there is nothing to fight or protect against, nothing that he can recognize and haven't seen on his previous journey, everything is as he remembers it was, and although that should mean that in theory It will be fine, although he would like to believe that his spider sense is slightly damaged by the dimensional trips, Peter only knows that things just got a little more complicated. He goes through the portal. . . . He crashes face into a building. Again. Peter was waiting for his bed, so the building is an unexpected surprise and nothing welcome, one that lets him know he isn't where he should be. An advertising of a product, familiar but not at the same time, that he has the opportunity to observe when he falls to the streets of New York only indicates that it's not even in his universe. He release a moan of infinite suffering. Damn, at this point he should know better than to believe it would be so easy to go home; bad luck goes after the Spider-People. It's thinking about the other arachnid people that forces him to venture into the crowded city, perhaps one of the others runs with his same luck and is with him in ... the dimension in which he is? In any case, it's not difficult to find the same outfit that he wore in the other universe, he finds it even in the same place. Miles and Gwen may say that his recently acquired clothes make him look like a homeless, but it's been a long time he stopped worrying about how others looked at him, and truth be told, no one pays attention to a homeless when he enters places that he shouldn't, also it fulfills its primordial necessity: to cover his suit of Spiderman, which in other words means that it's the perfect garment. His atoms become rebellious a couple of times while navigating a New York similar to his own, and it's at the end of one of the glitch when he sees the news on a public television. There is a story about the Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man and his most recent heroic act, about him (seems to be a he, even he bets that he's a Peter Parker too based on the suit almost identical to his) promising to investigate, uh, something that he can't understand. The original vigilante of this universe would probably know the reason why he is in this one, assuming that his stay isn't the product of an error with the Collider of the dimension of Miles. Or, if not, anyway it would be vital to have the other arachnid on his side for his return home, he only knows. Also, if one of the others ran the same fate and was sailing through that place, it was pretty sure that they would also go after the guy who swings. Locating Spider-Man seems to be the way to go. (It has nothing to do with having some curiosity about who wears the mask in this place). However, locating the Spider-man of this dimension is more difficult than he likes to admit, for four days he searches under each stone for the elusive vigilante to the point that almost leads him to think that the earth swallowed him up. Not daring to visit Aunt May's house again or MJ's because feelings that he isn't willing to evaluate right now threaten at the idea of approaching either of them, the only places where looking for the spider are reduced to all own favorite sites to waste time and crime scenes when they fail, which ends up being useless. The Amazing Spider-Man doesn't appear in any crime, neither the smallest nor the biggest, and that alone is enough to put him on edge. Perhaps in his own universe Peter ignored the calls for help, but the influence of Miles and the others was strong enough to make him care (it's also fucking hard to ignore something when it happens right in front of you). Against all sense of self-preservation, ignoring his tired bones, Peter B. Parker throws off his coat and puts on his mask; save the city while looking in the crowd for the original spider of this dimension. Where is he? When he begins to think that maybe he should visit Aunt May after all, his brain decides to give him a way out that he hadn't considered: chasing the bad guys for information. It wouldn't be so strange that the other Spider-Man was trying to save the city (or the world) from something big enough to get his attention, which would explain his absence; sometimes the villains become ambitious. Maybe he is looking for / stealing information, infiltrated somewhere? It's possible. It's also an option that the problem of colliders and Fisk is repeated in this place, but he will ignore that, it will not complicate his life thinking about it. (Parker sends to the back of his mind the other option that opens for him: that this dimension no longer has a Spider-Man). Following dangerous criminals seems to be a good way to know where his counterpart is. KingPin, as big and threatening as he is, is terrible to know when he has a pursuer, his bodyguards are even worse, even if the persecutor uses a red-blue spandex that screams \"Look at me!\". This is how Peter, Spider-Man from other dimension, finds himself behind one of his great enemies, following him, to his secret lair or whatever, under the Fisk Tower itself. (There are warning bells ringing loudly in his head, but Peter keeps ignoring , it's just a coincidence, probably every Fisk in the multiverse does his villain stuff under the tower, the location doesn't mean he's trying to collapse dimensions, nope). And then, because that's the luck he has, he is looking at another supercollider that he had wanted so much to ignore; He doesn't know if he feels surprised or resigned. Sure, the device is ideal for returning it to his home, but it also means he has work as a hero to do because, ugh, it's assumed that he shouldn't let dimensions collapse. Anyway, it is, however, the view of the Green Goblin and the Prowler holding a confrontation with the arachnid man who he was looking for what leads him to be surprised at the end. If he is sincere, he didn't expect his plan to work, he even saw himself going to Aunt May's house for help, but the unexpected success in his mission sends him a sense of pride. Lasts few time. From the ceiling where he is stuck, just above Fisk, hidden in the shadows, with his eyes follows the brief and brutal battle that his counterpart faces, vaguely interested. There was a time when he could move as well as that guy, but when you have more than two decades in this job, you tend to replace the ostentatious and dramatic movements with others that do not make your back hurt the next day. Whatever it is, Peter briefly considers joining the fight and helping the guy, but in the end he gives up on the idea, fighting with the Green Goblin is exhausting even on his best days, and obviously the other has the situation controlled, it doesn't matter how much the opposite seems to the untrained eye, Peter, as the expert who doesn't feel like being beaten, knows that everything is fine. At least until he sees Norman hold Spider-Man in the middle of the collider, until he sees and feels the resulting explosion. His spider sense is conveniently effective in warning him of the explosion and its dangers, but it also makes him take seriously the situation in which he finds himself, enough to get involved. When the debris and the dust settle, Peter makes the abrupt decision to leave the building quickly, preferably with a spider over his shoulder. Red and blue isn't hard to find among blacks, grays and browns, but the sight that greets him in doing so forces him to wince in sympathy, it is obvious even from afar that the other hero took a hard hit from the explosion. B. Parker soon finds himself in the air, swinging to the other Spidey with the firm intention of taking him away from the Fisk property, when an impossible sight makes him stop, when disbelief forces him down. His feet touch the ground at a distance still far from his original destination, but this is truly the last thing that matters to him. Because there, in front of the Spider-Man of this dimension, is Miles . No no no no. Peter's mind panics as his gaze falls on the child he thought he had left behind, that he thought he would never see again. His thoughts overwhelm him, they run quickly through his mind trying to understand all the information that begins to accumulate, come together and give shape to something that really doesn't have time to understand right now. He feels shaking, and maybe he's breathing too fast? Damn it, put your shit together, Parker, this is not the time to be overwhelmed. Breathe deeply; he wasn't prepared to see Miles, not so soon, not when he was getting used to the idea that he wouldn't see him again, but if he could handle a reunion with Aunt May and MJ, he should be able to handle the kid. He will be able, there isn't other option; He has work to do. With determination, he leaves in the back of his mind every thought that could be an obstacle. There is a conversation going on between the other Spider-Man and the kid, one that he's not able to hear but can almost imagine when he sees his other self send the brat away, when his spider sense triggers one warning after another. There is no doubt that there is an idiotic plan in the head of the downed hero, something very disinterested and noble, totally brave, which of course will have something to do with self-sacrifice, and that's a no-no. Peter didn't spend days looking for the spider of the dimension for him to decided to go ahead with an idiotic plan. KingPin and his henchmen are coming, and yeah, it seems it's time to intervene. He throws himself into the air. Notes: So ... I have no idea what I'm doing. I apologize if this has spelling or grammatical errors, i'm not a native speaker and could have made mistakes, and if so, i would appreciate it if you could tell me. Either way, thanks for reading! Comments are appreciated![Chapter 2] Peter Parker knows he will not get up again. It's an overwhelming knowledge. For years, he knew that the day would come, he waited for it with resignation. One day he wouldn't be fast enough to dodge a bullet, or his wounds would not close as fast as he needed to, or maybe some villain could finally reach him. Or perhaps, his death would be more heroic, maybe he would die saving a life. Perhaps, if he were very lucky, his death would not be painful. In any case, every time Peter put on his mask, he knew there were many chances of dying. (And maybe he thought about it more times than he should, he imagined all the possible scenarios, what would happen next. Maybe, and just maybe, he thought it wouldn't be so bad not to get up.) That, however, didn't prepare him for when the time came. He was tired, so tired, but he didn't want to die. Aunt May, MJ were waiting for him, they were counting on him. The kid needed him. He couldn't die, he had to get up. Spider-Man always gets up. It was a desperate attempt, but also the wrong one. Peter was anxious, longing for any breach that might mean an opportunity, and the words that came out of his mouth were a mistake, didn't he already know that KingPin was impulsive, and volatile, and violent?, but he couldn't stop now, he couldn't shut up, he needed -... (He had been wrong, he was wrong, there was no other chance and he was going to die, die, and MJ, and Aunt May, and-) A spider web sticks to his chest. The web continues up over their heads, enough so that he doesn't reach to see who is in its end. He can't be hallucinating, because the surprise he feels is reflected in Fisk's face, and uh, will it be that the child ...? He feels a pull. There is a moment when he is only in the air, trying to quickly reorient his thoughts of a tragic death and regrets to a possibility of incredulous survival, prepared to let his instincts take over and save his skin once more, and suddenly Peter is unable to move as he wishes, hooked under the arm of ...Spider-Man? What? \"That was close!\" Peter B. Parker does his best work in that little bit of time before everything goes to hell, and this time, he's sure that his work was great. He swings with the Spider-man of the dimension as sure as he can be under his arm, trying to get away quickly from the threat that Wilson Fisk represents. There is a bellow of fury behind him, and he can hear KingPin send Prowler after him and his burden; he stifles the urge to curse. In other circumstances, the Prowler wouldn't be a problem, but when his highest priority is to avoid unnecessary deaths, it becomes very annoying to deal with him. The swing takes him straight to the hiding place from which Miles observes the whole situation with surprised and frightened eyes, the kid must be terrified, and that's a thought that he detests. Peter, however, doesn't stop when he reaches the child, but rather collides with him, forcing him to hold on to his neck if he doesn't want to fall; Miles screams, of course he screams, and the grip he has on his neck is painfully strong (and a little stifling!), but he can't focus on it when he still has to worry about the threat behind them. The subway tunnel is easy to reach, but once there he has no choice but to leave the air and the swing for a escape on foot, he hates it. Peter B. feels slightly vulnerable carrying the child and the dying Spider-Man from the ground, where he can't see all the angles or know everything that is happening. \"Kid, tell me what you see! What is happening back there?\" Miles is his only choice, but he doesn't respond, he just takes quick, panting breaths, scared, and Peter can't handle a panic crisis now. He shakes the kid a little, hoping to help him to concentrate. \"Kid!\" \"He's approaching!\" He risks a quick backward glance at Miles's panicked warning. Aaron Davis (is Aaron the Prowler in this universe? Is this universe a copy of the one he left behind or ...?) is skillful enough to be only a few meters behind him even when he makes a great effort to lose him; his claws gleam in the darkness of the tunnel with a promise of what will happen if he reaches them. He takes a small jump in the air, which uses to give a quick full turn. For a few seconds, he's able to see the Prowler head on, and he takes advantage of that opportunity to shoot a web into one of his hands. For a few moments, the claw of his enemy remains motionless on a wall, providing a precious time used to put more distance between them. \"The subway!\" His gaze immediately returns to the front when he hears the warning of the other Spider-Man and his own spider sense. Sure enough, the subway was approaching at high speed, he wouldn't be able to dodge it while still carrying the other two spiders so..., yes, he could also able to see the station. If he could get there before the subway ... Peter B. hurries. Miles screams in his ear, still clinging incredibly strong to his neck. The other Spider-Man is silent, but he also clings to him. The light from the subway blinds him for a moment, the adrenaline rushes through his veins, but he's almost there, almost- He jumps. His feet touch the floor of the station. Behind him the subway continues its way, Morales lets out an incredulous laugh and feels the other vigilante relax. From there, it's almost too easy to leave the place. Going out into the streets of New York is liberating in many ways; Parker doesn't even waste time before swinging again. Under his mask, he's smiling. \"I'll be honest: this came out better than I expected.\" The night wind and the swing does wonders to calm his body and mind. Peter feels slightly satisfied: he found the spider person he was looking for, with the addition that he himself didn't die, the Spider-Man of the dimension didn't die, Miles didn't die, and for what he's able to observe from above, the Prowler himself didn't either, and that is a great victory according to him. Of course, the KingPin henchman moves away from the subway station with the clear objective of finding him and probably killing him, but that's a problem for another time. The important thing is that he achieved his goal and also saved a couple of spiders. The roof of a building is his destination. Peter B. Parker lands on it, finally releasing the boy and the beaten hero. He takes off his mask once away from the curious eyes of New York. (\"kid, I need you to let me go\"; \"I, uhm! Sorry, wait a moment! I can't ... Come on, stop sticking, Miles!\") He's careful to leave the other hero on the ground, where he helps him to sit using the roof cornice as a backrest. He's in pain, no doubt, but his healing factor will fix that soon. Meanwhile, now that he has time, Peter gives a curious look at the Spider-Man of this universe, finally appreciating the face of man and, oh. Oh. The face that returns his gaze is the same one that he sees every morning in his mirror, only younger and blond. It's a face that Peter has seen before. Oh, oh no. Fisk, the Collider, Miles, blond Peter. All the information that he had been noticed since he came to this dimension, and which he had been so determined to ignore, begins to accumulate, to give form to an explanation that he really doesn't like; Gwen hadn't said that she had been thrown into Miles's universe a week before ...? Don't be an idiot, Parker. How many chances were there that the Fisk's collider had not sent him to a different dimension, but had sent him back in time? Surely, there would be hundreds, if not infinite, universes that were similar and had a Miles, and a blond Peter, and a collider. But again, how many possibilities were there for all those universes to share so many coincidences? Peter Parker should have died, in the hands of Fisk. And he had saved him. Damn, was this another universe or Peter had fucked up the timeline? \"You're like me.\" Blond Peter watches him with big, surprised eyes, and when his own spider sense confirms what the other said, he can't worry about ruining a timeline if it means saving a life, someone like him. \"Yeah, I guess i'm.\" He heaves a weary sigh, before smiling at the other spidersona. \"I'm Peter B. Parker.\" \"Peter Parker, and assuming you're not my evil clone or something, since you've saved my life, and I thank you very much for that, I suspect you're not from around here, right?\" \"Nah, the Fisk's Collider brought me here. I'm from another dimension.\" Miles is one meter away, looking at both of them as if they were the coolest thing he's ever seen in his life and, well, he would lie if he didn't say that it caresses his ego a bit. \"And you, kid?\" \"Me? I'm Miles, Miles Morales.\" Again, his spider sense vibrates in the presence of another person similar to him. Blond Spider-Man uses that opportunity to ask Miles if he's also originally from another dimension and not from this one as he believed, but the boy is quick to clarify that he's from Brooklyn, that he's in his own universe. Once that is defined, his blonde and younger version explains why he's here, and how his presence is related to the tremors, Fisk, and the huge machine that the villain has sent to manufacture, what he plans to do with it. It's completely unnecessary considering his current situation, but Peter appreciates the effort by not letting him know that; his theory of time travel will stay with him for the time being, it's a bit too crazy, even for Spider-Man. Suddenly he glitches, hard. The glitch takes him by surprise, he had almost forgotten the problem that came with being in the wrong universe. He realizes, however, that just like he noticed the first days of being in this place, the glitching he experiences here is less violent than it was at the end of his experience in the other place (in the other timeline?), almost as if his situation had been restarted, which increases the reasons to believe in time travel. \"Are you okay?\" Parker, the other Parker, doesn't even hesitate to get up even though he should not, to go to his aid. He takes away his worries with a hand gesture, standing up for himself. \"Yeah, yeah, my atoms are very upset to be here.\" \"You must return to your universe, fast. We will use the goober to take you home.\" blond Peter observes the kid, so he does the same; the idiot plan of his partner had included giving the goober to Miles, so he must have it and- \"I, uhm, I don't have it.\" \" What? \" \"It had fallen! During the chase! We could not go back, and i'm didn't know what to do, and I didn't want to distract you, and-\" \"Uuuugh.\" Of course the goober fell, of course, things can't be so simple; apparently, they should do everything again. His stomach growls, he suddenly remembers the restaurant he loves and is still open in this universe; there's no doubt what his next destination will be, after all, he can't save the multiverse (again) on an empty stomach, right? \"Well, who is hungry?\" Notes: thanks for reading! Comments are appreciated! ","Summary":" Alright people, let's do this one last time Chapter 1. It begins when it should end. There aren't m"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"The Web of Life and Destiny","Author":"BlackColoredPencils","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13229196","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Takes place right after Into the Spider-Verse. Lots of comic references ahead. (I'm sorry if I didn't portray Miguel accurately. He's one of the Spideys that I haven read many comics on.) -Prologue- Miguel took out his teleporter bracelet and examined it. \"You got a problem with it, honey?\" He blinked as he heard his AI, Lyla quip. \"No! No! Just, stop breathing down my neck! Geez!\" \"I don't have breath.\" \"Shhh!\" Miguel's gaze shifted back to his huge display of monitors with various spider-people seen on the screens. He looked up as he heard someone enter his lair. A girl with short brown hair wearing a dark blue and red spider suit walked into the dark room. She frowned, \"What's going on?\" \"I think the multiverse is in danger.\" Miguel said. The girl scoffed. \"Well that escalated quickly.\" \"Mayday, just...\" Miguel suppressed a groan. He had been practicing jumps between worlds frequently now, and Mayday was the first one he visited. It was not because he liked her, however. He found her to be very resistant and prideful, and just difficult to work with. \"I've been watching the webs. Spiders are beginning to disappear every day. I dug into it and it seems their deaths were all connected.\" Mayday glanced at the monitors with a judgemental expression, pursing her lips. \"Mmokay?\" Miguel groaned. Lyla perked up. \"I think what he was trying to point out is that all of the spider people are in danger.\" \"Who's gone so far?\" \"Golden-Sponge Cakes, Spider-Moon-Man, Spider-Wolf, Dr. Aikman, and about twenty others.\" Miguel said. \"Haven't seen Noir in a bit, but there's no evidence that he might be dead—\" \"Who's Noir?\" Mayday said. \"A 1933's version of Peter Parker.\" \"I hope he's better than the real Peter Parker because I—\" \"Don't!\" Miguel snapped. \"I don't want to hear your family drama for the one millionth time. Here; take this.\" He grabbed Mayday's hand, fastening the teleporter onto her wrist. Mayday scowled at her interruption, but looked back down at the teleporter in mild interest. \"What's this?\" \"Teleporter.\" Miguel said. \"Supposed to take you where all of the missing spiders ended up. All we need is a peek.\" \"I don't think so, Miguel!\" Mayday raised her hands in indifference. \"Look, I'm not going into the mouth of a lion for some dude I've barely known for a week.\" \"Well Spider 67 didn't work out, and I have to be at the base— you're all I've got!\" \"Nuh-uh. Not interested.\" Mayday said. \"Seriously? You don't want to be the first spider woman to use this?\" Mayday narrowed her eyes and crossed her arms. \"Fine. Just a peek.\" She lifted her wrist to her face, tapping at the mechanisms on the teleporter. \"How does this gizmo work?\" \"Oh. Right.\" Miguel reaches toward the teleporter and Mayday smacked his hand away. \"Hey! I got this. I was talking to myself.\" Mayday said. She found a groove with a dial and a button. \"Aha! Here we go!\" She pressed the button and with a bright blue flash, she vanished.[Chapter 2] Okay, I know that Noir Spider-Man's real name is Peter Parker, but since there's a zillion Peter Parker's, I'm just going to call him Noir in the story to simplify things a bit. I honestly hate Felicia Hardy in the comics, but I thought she'd be significant to the story, so I threw her in. Sorry guys. Also, a side note that I'm writing most of this on my phone. I tried to edit out most of the autocheck and the typos, but there might still be a mistake here and there. -Onward! -Chapter One- Noir plummeted into the collider and there was a flash of grey and white. He blinked and saw a greyscale cityscape speeding towards him. He remaneuvered himself mid-air, shooting out a black web towards the nearest building and pulled himself toward it. He landed onto the wall of the building and held his grip onto the rough gray bricks as he took in the world around him. Not a single color was to be seen. Noir sighed. He kind of missed the odd hues that he had seen in Miles' universe. He shot out another web and swung through the New York alleys. He stopped as he saw a tavern below. The Black Cat. Felicia Hardy laid out over her lavish bedspread. Cats crawled over her. She wore a lose, revealing dress and her white hair hung over the mask which hid her face. Noir swung into the balcony and Felicia sat up. Her expression was hidden behind her mask. \"Peter,\" She said. \"Fancy seeing you here again.\" Peter took off his mask, approaching Felicia. \"How long was I gone?\" Felicia swaggered towards him, putting both hands on his chest. \"Long enough to miss you.\" Felicia purred. \"Where were you, Peter?\" \"It's a long story.\" Peter said. \"We got plenty of time.\" Felicia said. \"Not now,\" Peter said. \"I need to go home. I've been gone long enough.\" \"But you just got here. There are things I need to tell you.\" Peter looked at her light eyes throught the slits of her pale mask. \"What happened?\" \"I— I can't talk here. Ears everywhere. At nightfall, meet me in the alley near Antonio's butcher place. It's important.\" Peter sighed. \"Won't you take off that mask?\" She shook her head. \"I'd rather not relive those memories you made me go through. Just go.\" She turned her back and looked down. \"I will meet you tonight.\" Peter said. His eyes rested on Felicia's back remorsefully. He could see a long thin scar running along her back and sighed. \"I'm sorry, Felicia.\" He put on his mask and leaped off of the balcony. His black form glided across the grey city and swung out of sight. The sun sunk beneath the distorted array of gray buildings and the last glints of its grey light soon elapsed into darkness. Noir watched from one of the highest buildings It was late enough to head toward the alley. Shooting out a web across a building, he swung toward the outskirts of the city. His long black trench coat billowed behind him like the wings of a bat. He landed on the side of a building, glancing downward to see Antonio's Butchery and inwardly frowned. \"I'm never going to think of butchers the same way again.\" He muttered, thinking of his former companion he had met in Miles' universe. Something suddenly struck him in the side. Noir jolted and his grip slipped from the gritty bricks of the building. He was tumbling backwards into the alley. The ground smashed into him, knocking the air out of his lungs. His back and side ached. He blinked in shock, noticing a knife's hilt sticking out of his side. He gasped, then coughed in pain. A tall, slender figure was seen in the distance. They were walking toward him. Noir scrambled backwards, his hand finding his revolver. He heard a high chuckle. \"Aww the tasty little spider believes in his little toy, thinking it's a weapon! How adorable!\" Noir grit his teeth and fired several times at the figure. There was no reaction except for them steadily walking closer. With his breath catching into his throat, Noir leaped to his feet, trying to ignore the searing pain of the knife in his side. He couldn't risk removing it right now. That would only increase the bleeding. The stranger's face approached the light. She was pale and had silky blonde hair. She had color! Noir tried to place the term for the color of her jacket, but she lunged at him before he could figure it out. Noir gasped as her hand gripped his throat. The force of her arm drove him to smash into the brick wall behind him as she pinned him there. She grinned, baring her teeth, which were fangs. \"Where's Felicia?\" Noir demanded in a choked voice. The woman laughed. \"She traded your life for hers. She was actually very cooperative.\" She drew her face near Noir's, pulling back the side of his mask and beginning to bite down on his neck. Noir shouted, kicking the woman in the chest. The woman withdrew briefly, but pinned him to the ground. Another figure leaped out of the shadows, knocking the woman off of Noir. Noir gasped. It was a man similar in stature to the woman, clad in similar Victorian-esque clothing and had the same blonde hair. They could have been twins. The man stabbed her, hissing, \"Give up the totem, Bora. He's mine!\" \"I tracked him down, you imbecile!\" Bora shouted, ripping the knife out of her torso and struck him in the gut. He flung her aside and leaped towards Noir. Noir crawled away, kicking him in the face. \"Brix!\" Bora shouted. \"That's my totem!\" \"Not anymore!\" Brix bounded toward Noir again, grabbing him by the scruff of his shirt and pinning him to the ground. \"I wonder if he'll taste black-and-white, too,\" Brix muttered with a demonic grin. Noir tried to struggle away. \"Chase yourself, bimbo!\" He grunted painfully. Brix only laughed. There was a flash of a strange-hued light (Noir thought it was blue, but he wasn't good with colors) and his environment changed. Noir was suddenly on the hard tiled floors of an expansive mansion. Dark curtains of strange colors hung from the windows, and a hall stretched off in the distance. Noir could distantly see along table that seemed to have people on it. He recognized some costumes that the people wore to be similar to one of the Spider-Men that he had met in Miles's universe. Noir tried to scramble away, but Brix held him fast to the ground. He bared his teeth and his jaws neared Noir's neck. Noir gasped, thinking fast. He shot a web at Brix's face, yanking it towards the ground and slid out of the way. As Noir scrambled to his feet, he heard a sickening crack on the tile floor. He ran for it. He ran as fast as he could with that knife still sticking out of his side and dashed toward the huge table. There were three spider people on it. Two of them already seemed dead. Noir's heart plummeted, but the one on the furthest side of the table coughed. It was a girl with short brown hair, wearing a costume similar to the other Peter Parker that Noir had met. She wore a strange grey bracelet that looked like some sort of high-tech device. Noir immediately went over to her, but he could hear Brix getting up. His spider-sense was going berserk. \"Hey, kid!\" Noir whispered. He clutched his side and coughed. He glanced toward Brix anxiously. His face was bashed in and covered in blood, but he was getting to his feet and approaching. The tiles beneath him were stained in... red. That was the word; red. The girl winced, rasping for air. \"Hey, you're the 30's Peter,\" she choked. \"Take this.\" She struggled to detach her grey bracelet, coughing up blood. Her eyes were glassy and she was so pale, she looked dead already. Noir helped remove the mechanism, his heart pounding rapidly as his peripheral vision revealed Brix coming closer and closer. He frantically looked back at the girl, at first thinking she was dead. But she spoke again, \"Tell Miguel I hate him.\" Her head relaxed back on the table. Her eyes stared blankly at the ceiling. Noir took in a sharp breath as Brix leaped onto the table, glaring at him with greed, and blood streaming down his face. \"Thought you could get away, totem?\" Noir gasped, fastening the girl's bracelet onto his wrist, but didn't know what to do with it. For all he knew, it could just be standard jewelry from the future. He decided to make another run for it. He sprung forward, shot a web towards the ceiling, and swung upward. A hand grabbed his foot and slammed him onto the table. He shouted in pain as he could feel the knife shoved deeper into him. Blood was pouring over his shirt. He scrambled for the edge of the table, but he was dragged backwards. He rolled over to kick the assailant, but they caught it. It was Bora. She grinned through her sharp teeth. \"Going somewhere, little spider?\" Brix lunged toward her, but she kicked him backwards. She grasped Noir around the throat so tightly, he couldn't breathe. His hands flew up to loosen her grip, but flailed uselessly. As his hands overlapped, he could feel the young Spider-Woman's bracelet. Desperate, he pressed his palm onto its surface. The air was sucked out of his lungs again. There was a bright blue flash. He was gone. ","Summary":" Takes place right after Into the Spider-Verse. Lots of comic references ahead. (I'm sorry if I didn"},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"Mary","Author":"Queen Serenity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7918872","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: The only thing mine is the poem itself. Title: Mary Author: Queen Serenity Fandom: Dracula 2000 Chapter: Only Dark hair Dark eyes Both innocence and darkness Mixed up inside Warring forever inside her Her soul and blood Always connected mentally to A certain vampire stud When she meets him can she Fight off the darkness inside? Or will she be another From whom mortals hide? ","Summary":" Disclaimer: The only thing mine is the poem itself. Title: Mary Author: Queen Serenity Fandom: Drac"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse 2!","Author":"jonplaysmc16","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13228763","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey Guys! I am here with a new story I want to share that is basically my predicted sequel from \"Spider-Man into The Spider-Verse\" (Which btw you should all see because it is fantastic for an Animated Film.) The Story does feature 3 new Spider-Man and A new Villain which will be introduced in Chapter 2 and the five Spider-People will be returning from the movie. That's all the information I'll give for now! Enjoy The first Chapter! Chapter 1 - Three Peters -=Earth-1610=- BOOM! A Massive mysterious blackout was shot out from Brooklyn to New York City. Meanwhile, in Time Square while everything was black. A mysterious man in a red and blue suit came tumbling down on one of the rooftops. The man was stiff and couldn't get up. He suddenly started to dance on the floor as if 12 volts of electricity just zapped through him and was flashing a different set of colors. The glitching stopped, he lifts his head and made a weak moaning sound. The man was wearing a mask with two white lenses for his eyes and webbed lines throughout his suit and had a big Spider-Logo in the middle of his chest. It was Peter Parker of Earth-120703. \"Alright! Let's do this one last time... My Name is Peter Parker. a radioactive Spider bit me at the age of fifteen and for seven years, I thought I was the one... and only... The Amazing Spider-Man... I'm sure you know the rest... You see I 've saved the city many, many, many, times. Fallen in love with... *sigh* Gwen... Then I save the city from Doctor Connors aka 'The Lizard' then two years after, I fought Electro aka the Fanboy named Max Dillion and My Former Best Friend... Harry. Osborne. I fight both of them and I gave them a good fight. till this happen.\" \"Gwen! No Please!\" *sobbing* \"I lost the women that I loved... I visited her Grave. Every season down the road. I've stopped being Spider-Man after that. But then... Something clicked in me that made me came back, And I've been doing that ever since. Fast-forward, I was getting ready to Move out of May's apartment to live on my own life ye know, till this weird Portal opened in the Ceiling and I started to float along with every stuff I had in my room. I realized it was trying to capture me! I quickly webbed my suit in case if any 'Supervillain' was trying to capture me and I got sucked into the portal-... ehhh as a matter of fact, why don't we just see what happens next...\" Peter got up on his feet and scanned Time Square. It felt very much like his Time square, except it was all black. \"What Happen?\" Peter-120703 said in his mind. BOOM! Another explosion came out of nowhere. Suddenly Time Square's Billboards came back online. Peter-120703 felt a strange feeling that he wasn't in his NYC anymore. He turns to one of the billboards to his left and walks at a limping pace over to the edge of the roof and got down on his knees and placed his hands on the floor. A completely different Spider-Man was shown on the news footage. However, he had a unique costume design. The costume was all black and a few dashes of red. also, the Spider-Logo is red too… Wow, what a very intriguing style it has… Oh! And he is in his teens too. Peter-120703 turns to the news headline and squinted his lens putting on a confused gesture. \"SPIDER-MAN RESURRECTED?!\" The footage was displayed on the billboard and plays the Black and Red Spider-Man hopping from one vehicle to the other. The reporter starts talking about the event. \"Breaking News tonight, Brooklyn and NYC have been yet hit again by a massive earthquake, and for a millisecond, a blackout also took place as well. Tonight, However, the case was has put to an end. The reasons why these events had been happening was because a special experiment was taking place at Fisk Tower. The experiment was run by Dr. Oliva Octavius who was hired by Wilson Fisk. She designed the machine to open portals to other alternate timelines. Forensic scientists have said that \"If this machine would have been kept online, there would have been a black hole under our city by now.\" Wilson Fisk was taken into custody later, after the explosion along with Dr. Octavius and a few others. All along they were the ones who were held responsible for the massive earthquakes and the random short time blackouts in the past recent days. However, a friendly face showed up in the time when the earthquakes were happening and put an end to the businessman himself. It looks like Spider-Man has returned expect with a new costume presumably. But this Spider-Man wasn't the Spider-Man that we knew. He seemed to be much younger…\" As the news was continuing to progress, Peter-120703 didn't know what the incident was about, but by the machine they described could have explained why he had ended up here. His Spider-Sense suddenly kicked in. he didn't know what his sense was telling him, but he thought about it… and his lens widened with a frozen expression. He stares at the footage of the younger appearance of Spider-Man. \"I thought I was the only one... He's... like me?\" Peter-120703 said in a low voice Peter stood up slowly but then barely fell backward after that massive \"transportation\" he just went through. Peter put on his thinking gesture \"Why do I feel so tired?!\" He thought. \"Wait, What's this?\" He turned back to the Billboard and continued listening to the news report. \"...The NYPD believes the new Spider-Man may have something to do with another recent event that happened in Queens at the \"Parkers Residents\" where the Spider-Man that we knew, used to live in that house along with his Aunt, May Parker...\" The News then played a recording from a police body cam. The officer was driving in his vehicle at high speed. He makes a sharp turn to the right. Peter-120703's mind was going nuts! In a suburb where Aunt May lives which Peter didn't recognize, there was not one, not two, but SIX Spider-Men fighting other super villains to which some Peter-120703 doesn't know. One looked exactly like him, but his suit looked more common than the strange black and red Spider-Man. He leaped towards some big guy and kicks him in the back, it was probably that Fisk guy they mentioned. The other was fighting this weird giant brownish-tail guy and it was fighting what looked to be a Spider-Girl? Her costume appearance was all black and white, and her mask was all white, her hoodie on the inside had pink web lines and in some in her arms too. \"Wait! A Spider-Robot? Is it even a male or a female? Oh! How about that weird black and white one? looks kind of retro-ish.\" Peter's subconscious quips. \"Wait is that...\" Peter verbally laughs when he sees the weird Spider-Pig, he couldn't even believe himself. \"There's an actual Spider-Pig!\" Peter laughs out loudly. Peter took a deep breath and sits on the ground. \"Welp, when you said there can be only one Spider-Man it turns out there can be more people who are like me.\" Peter mocks himself. \"I Have to get to Brooklyn to see what's going on,\" he said in his mind. Peter-120703 started to dance around weirdly again but then stops. \"And… figure out why this is happening to me,\" Peter muttered. Peter-120703 Jumps high into the air and swings his way towards Brooklyn. Peter-120703 was swinging by East village and was about to arrive at the Brooklyn bridge. Before he got there his Spider-Sense's suddenly screamed at him causing him to sharply look up at a bright blue beam and-, PLONK! The beam hits Peter and came crashing down at Coleman Square Playground. A huge crowd took notice and rushes towards the scene. Peter-120703 was unconscious but recovers quickly from it. He tried to get up but soon realizes he was trapped by debris. He then starts to lift the debris off of him. His spider-sense all a sudden went off and quickly turn to his right where two other Spider-People were under debris as well! One was in his Mid-20's and was wearing the same red and blue suit but the webbing lines and the spider-logo we're colored with silver. The other Spider-Man was in his teens and had the same red and blue suit, but it was more advanced. There was some black lining in his shoulder pad, torso, and his boots too. He is also wearing a backpack for some reason. The two Peter's lifted the debris from them self's easily and soon after that, they had had their eyes fixed on Peter-120703 and looked at each other swiftly and the three scratched both of there heads at the same time. The Teenage Spider-Man spoke up first. \"Who are you?\" \"I'm Spider-Man!\" replies Peter-120703. \"No! I'm Spider-man!\" The Mid-20's Spider-Man Replies aggressively. \"Hey! I'm Spider-Man too!\" The Teenage Webhead replies sarcastically. \"No! There can only be one Spider-Man!\" The more adult-like Peter Parker replies. Their Spider-Sense suddenly to kick in the three Spider-Men's. It went on for a stretch of time. Their lens widened and the three Peter's faces became cold. They got closer to each other in a small triangular form. \"You're like Me..\" The Spider-Trio gasped. \"Okay. Back to the beginning now huh? Should be fun. My name is Peter Parker, a radioactive Spider bit me at the age of fifteen and for seventeen years I was the one... and only... Spider-Man. I'm pretty Sure you know the rest. Fought a wrestler, started to save the city after my Uncle Ben died with a saying I'll never forget.\" \"With Great Power Comes Great Responsibility.\" \"After That, I've Fallen in Love. Saved the City from Norman, Otto, Flint Marko (Who was the man who killed my Uncle, which I did let him go and forgave him after knowing it was an accident.), and Eddie Brock a.k.a Venom. Afterward, I got married to MJ... which leads to this little problem. I was getting ready for the wedding and was wearing a nice black and white tuxedo. Until this weird... Blue-ish Purple-ish Portal opened in the ceiling and started to suck me in. *Phew* glad I had my Old Spider-Suit under my Tuxedo. I was really wondering If someone is trying to capture me. The Portal then pulled me in, and I entered this weird, space... Spider-web-ish... multi-world. during that process, my tuxedo started to rip apart (Don't know why...) and... Let's see what happens next...\" \"(Wait, aren't we forgetting someone?)\" The Spider-Trio noticed the crowd around them taking videos and pictures of them. \"Let's... takes this somewhere else... private. Shall we?\" Peter-120703 suggests The two Peter's looked around at the crowd. \"Yeah...\" said the two other Spiderlings. Peter-120703 jumps high and swings away towards the Brooklyn Bridge and the two other Peters followed them. \"SORRY EVERYONE! But, No more Photos!\" The Teenage Webhead yells at the crowd as he swings away. The Trio arrived at the Brooklyn Bridge and web zipped on top of one of the archways. The three sat on the edge of the archway and takes their masks' off. At first, it became awkwardly silent. This type of weirdness never happens to the Trio before, and they have seen weirdness before! They both knew they were like each other and are good guys. Teenage Peter decided to break the awkward silence. \"So...\" He said. \"How did we get here?\" \"I don't know...\" Peter-120703 murmured. \"And something tells me we are from different realms, right?\" \"Well yeah, you think so right! We are obviously from-\" Peter-120703 replies sarcastically, but then something felt funny and the three Peter's started glitching but this happened for a short period of time. Teenage Peter curled himself into a ball as he was glitching and so did the others. The glitching finally stopped. the trio got up and looked at themselves all shocked and confused as if they had no memory of what happened to them. \"Okay is this me or is this new?\" The Teenage Peter mildly yells sarcastically. \"This is what I was trying to figure out!\" Peter-120703 yells. \"Ever since we got to this version of New York. We have been dancing around like morons here. but it doesn't happen in our worlds! It's weird... and mediocre.\" \"Yeah...\" The two Webheads said with a confused tone. The three still looked at the beautiful view of New York City until Teenage-Peter turned to the other Two Peters. \"Can I ask you guys, something?\" The two older Peter's turned to the younger one. \"Are we all name Peter Parker?\" He asked. \"Well, we are wearing the same red and blue suit. So, yup we are all name, Peter Parker.\" Peter-120703 replied. Teenage Peter stood up. \"Then we should give each other nicknames! We can't keep calling ourselves Peter Parker, right?\" \"Yeah, you are so right!\" The Two Peters nodded and stood up. \"So, what should we call ourselves, kiddo?\" Peter-120703 insisted on the youngster. \"First, don't call me Kiddo.\" The Teenage Webhead snaps to Peter-120703. \" Second, you are going to be called... Andrew. Andy for short,\" He then looks at The Mid-20's Parker. \"You are Tobey, and I'm Tom.\" \"Alright! So, we are calling ourselves those names for now until we find a way back to our worlds...\" said Peter-120703 who is now name Andy or Andrew as what Tom calls him. \"Yeah.\" The two other nicknamed Spider-Men replies. The trio looked back at New York. They were surprised by how gloomy the city is. It's like if someone decimated half of the city's population. but it is the normal NYC. Tom had a weird feeling that he was missing something. He started to look through his backpack and suddenly stops. \"Am I forgetting something?\" Tom subconscious said. He continued looking through his gatherings. \"No... I have everything here- Wait... \" \" I Just realized I forgot to tell you my origin story! Okay... so! My name is Peter T. Parker Now that I have a Nickname of course. A radioactive Spider bit me at the age of fifteen and for three years! I was the one and only Spider-Man! Or at least at first, I thought I was the only one. You see after I got my powers, I have been stopping Thugs, Bicycle theft, Car Theft, Giving an Old Lady Some Directions (I Don't know why I said that.), and that's pretty much all the small stuff I did. Oh! Now the big stuff! 3 Years ago, I just started the new Hero thing with Tony Stark, who came into my apartment and wanted to recruit me to fight a Crazy Captain America along with other crazy Avengers! We, unfortunately... got our butts kicked hard by a giant Ant-Man. But, In the end, we founded a way and took him down! *I Feel like I'm caring myself away too much let's just speed things up. * Okay, next I fought my Ex-Girlfriend's Dad a.k.a. Adrian Toomes (Who is the only Supervillain I have ever faced.) and... I can't remember what happened next so let's just skip over to the part where things get weird. I was getting ready to leave from the MOMA on my Field Trip where I had to take a last-minute leak (Yes, I know... embarrassing for me to say that.) But, as soon as I walked in, a portal sudden appeared on the floor and it pulled me in! Luckily, I had my suit which I quickly swapped into. I was kind of hoping to face my next Big Baddie... But I was wrong...\" Tom then came back to the reality mindset with a question with the two Webheads. \"Okay so... what do we do? I mean we can't just stay here, right?\" Tom asked tenderly to the two web-heads. \"We have to find our way back to our worlds-\" \"Speaking of worlds, Is there a Peter Parker in this world?\" Tobey sarcastically ignoring the question Tom asked. Andy sits and lay on his back. \"In this world, I don't think Peter Parker isn't walking on this earth anymore,\" Andy said calmly. Tobey and Tom, we're confused and looks at Andy. He sits right back up and explains. \"When I arrived, I landed in Time square and there were these headlines saying 'Spider-Man Resurrected' It's very strange,\" Andy explains but still, puzzle about the whole dimensional stuff. \"Wait so, this world of Peter Parker actually dies and comes back to life?\" Tom asked Andy. \"Close, but when I saw the news, The new Spider-man had a different look. It was all Black and Red like if some guy painted the original suit that this Peter Parker had.\" \"So... he actually dies?\" Tom repeated his question except without the second part of the question. \"Do we even know If this World's Peter Parker is actually dead?\" Tobey asked. Andy looks down and sees all the cars driving across the Brooklyn Bridge. \"There is only one place,\" Andy replies. He looks back at Tom and Tobey, gets up on his feet, and puts his Mask back on. \"Wait! What are we going?\" Tom asked confusingly loud. \"To the Cemetery!\" Andy yells as he dives and swings away. Tobey and Tom put their Masks back on. Tobey is the first to dive downwards and before Tom did anything else. \"Why cemetery's... those places gives me the creeps.\" Tom, subconscious muttered in his head as he puts his mask on. Tom then dives and thwips his webs attaching to one the bridges poles and follows Andy and Tobey to the Cemetery. The trio arrived at the Cemetery in Harlem. The sun was starting to rise, and snow was shimmering down from the sky. The Spider-Trio begins their search around the placed. Tobey walked passed a few graves he came across Uncle Ben Parker's grave to which it broke his heart. He then looks to the one next to Ben's grave and his lens widened and couldn't believe what he is seeing in his own eyes behind his mask. 'PETER PARKER' '1991 - 2018' The grave was surrounded with a bunch of flowers and hearted-shaped chocolate boxes and was decorated with Spider-Man stuff. \"Hey, Guys! Over here!\" Tobey Yells to the two guys where there were standing at other graves. Tom and Andy then ran towards Tobey and slows down as they both saw the Grave and their lens widened. Tom took off his mask and his eyes widened and Goosebumps were all over his body and started to shiver. \"I am never watching another Horror movie again.\" Tom mildly yelled sarcastically. \"How did this h- happen?\" Tobey asked with a depressed and shocked face. Andy pulled his mask off but only showing his face with depression and sorrow. But he was in deep thinking mode. Who would have known about how Peter died? He suddenly had a strong click in his mind. He thought of the one person that had taken care of him ever since his parents left him and probably did the same to the other Peter's throughout the multiverse. \"May would have known how.\" Andy finally concluded his answer. The two Webheads turned to Andy. \"Tom your suit is well advanced of technology, right? And I'm guessing in your backpack too?\" Andy asked demandingly to Tom. \"Well... Yeah, after all, it was made by Mr. Stark.\" Tom replied. \"Stark?\" Tobey and Andy furrowed at Tom with confused faces. \"He is another Superhero that basically made me the suit! Anyways, yeah he made me the suit.\" Tom snaps sarcastically. \"Yeah... Can you find this worlds version of Aunt May?\" \"Yeah! Just give me a second.\" Tom replied as he puts his mask back on. \"Karen!\" \"Yes, Peter?\" said a lady voice and his suit suddenly lit up in red and blue color. Tobey leaned over to Andy. \"I need one of those...\" He whispered which made Andy turn his head stiffly to Tobey and both looked back at Tom. \"Karen for the time being, please call me Tom because-\" Tom replied before being cut off by suit voice named Karen. \"Because we are standing in front of Two other versions of Peter Parker?\" Karen finished Tom's sentence. \"Yes, I will for now call you Tom.\" \"How are you good at finishing my sentences, Karen?\" Tom asked sarcastically. \"I am programmed to do that Pete- Tom. Remember?\" \"But Mr. Stark Never-\" Tom was cut off by Andy. \"OKAY, OKAY! Can we get to asking her of finding the \"May\" part now, please!\" \"Oh, right sorry my bad- Karen can you find this world's version of Aunt May, Please?\" Tom Finally demanded his Suit Lady. \"Yes, Tom. Searching Now-\" After she finishes her sentence Tom started glitching, but it only happened to him... and only him. He was on his knees and had his hands on the ground. Andy and Tobey rushed to him to help him up. \"What happened?\" Tom groaned. \"Your suit is damage from that dimensional travel and it's preventing me from finding This worlds May Parker. But there is a big reason why you three are glitching many times. The reason is... you all don't belong in this dimension. The longer you stay here the more effective chance you three will begin to feel weak and... Evaporate into thin air.\" This shock the three. They couldn't go yet they can't leave there loves ones yet. They must go back! Sooner or now! \"How do we get back to our dimensions Karen?\" Tom asked with concern. \"The only way back is through this machine, which recently debuted on the news.\" A hologram was displaying from Tom's web shooters is a giant machine with two cannons facing each other and was shooting out weird black molecules. It felt confusing for the three. Except only one of them. \"What is that Karen?\" Tom asked his Suit lady. \"They called it-\" \"The Supercollider.\" Andy interrupts Karen. \"Huh?\" said the two other web slingers. \"It's the machine was designed by Dr. Oliva Octavius- \" \"Wait?!\" Tobey interrupts Andy. \"There is a Doc Ock in this world?\" Tom and Andy stare at Tobey with confusion. \"Who's Doc Ock?\" Tobey slapped his face. \"…Never mind…\" He sighed Andy continues \"Its basically a portal opener that makes gateways to other alternate timelines. It is basically why we are here… maybe.\" \"So the real question is-\" Tom asked before he was cut off by the lady and the hologram disappeared. \"Tom, I should explain something to you.\" \"And that is?\" Tom asked. \"During the transportation from our world to here. My circuitry got damaged. The more I respond to you to more effective chances I'll damage myself and the suit furthermore. it will take me at least 8 hours to reboot.\" \"Dangit!\" Tobey yelled as he hit the side of a tree softly. \"If you boys want more info, this is the only way,\" Karen replied. \"Initiating Reboot protocol.\" Tom's suit lit red and blue again indicating that his suit was shutting down. The boys looked at the youngster and squint their eyebrows at him and cross their arms. \"Umm.,\" Tom said awkwardly. \"What now?\" As he tries to brighten up the awkward silence. \"We should hide from the public,\" Andy suggested. \"Just so we don't have the PD on our radar since there is an active Spider-Man in this world.\" \"Yeah, also I have parts in my backpack for me to build new web gadgets that Mr. Stark handed me. So, I can do better for my Side-Missions as a new Avenger,\" Tom added, which made the two other Webheads confused. \"Avengers?\" Tom puts his hands on his face \"I'm going to have to explain the whole thing again...\" Andy and Tobey stared at Tom for a bit after not knowing what he meant. Tobey turned to Andy. \"Where can we hide then until Tom's suit reboots and for us to maybe help him build his new web thingy's in his backpack?\" He asked. Andy then looks around and notice a small warehouse that an 'Alchemax' logo was painted on the side of the wall in an alleyway. Andy points to the warehouse, \"There! C'mon!\" Tobey and Andy put their masks back on and the Spider-Trio swings into the abandoned warehouse. Hope you all enjoy this Very First Chapter of \"Spider-Man into the Spider-Verse 2!\" In case if you all don't know me, I am the Author of another Story Called \"Infinity Apocalypse\" Which I am currently Remastering (Warning that Story is Rated: T and this one is Rated: K+). I highly recommend you all check out that story It is a \"Stranger Things and Avengers Crossover but It does feature the Stephen King IT Characters as well.\" Anyways, just in case for those who don't understand about the three Spider-Man Andy, Tom, and Tobey. Those are basically the First names of the Actors that played those versions of Peter Parker. Andrew/Andy: Andrew Garfield's Spider-Man Tom: Tom Holland's Spider-Man Tobey: Tobey Maguire's Spider-Man Also Here are the fonts that I will use in this story. Someone's mind Speaking. Karen Speaking. A News reporter Speaking. \"That's All Folks!\" Can I say that? Legally? (P.S. I have updated this chapter and the next for grammar corrections.)[Chapter 2] Here's the second Chapter! I am going on a little break from the story because those first two Chapters took me a lot of time to write down. Chapter 2 - Payback Planning -=Earth-1610=- The Next Day... THE SUN SHINES DOWN on a small island. In between NYC and Long Island is a highly secure prison camp called 'The Raft' Which holds many of New York's most wanted criminals. In one of the cells on the second floor, A man was looking out in the distance of the city and it is at peace again by a New Spider-Man in town. \"So, a new Spider-Man is in Town huh, Willie?\" Said The man with a dark calm voice. \"You could have beaten him in a bloody minute. Since he was just an easy one.\" The Man briefly looked down. He was wearing a long coat and had a tuxedo under it. He also had short hair and was Japanese too. \"But it seems like you just gave him an easy fight.\" The man turned to the one and only Wilson Fisk \"a.k.a Kingpin,\" who is in a coma after the first fight he met with the new Spider-Man. He was all beaten... and has bruises all over his face and was resting on a hospitalized bed. The Man walked over to Fisk's Body and grabbed a chair to have a seat. \"Liv and I made a promise… to bring your wife and your son back.\" He continued. \"I remember you told me, \"Martin, I need you to make me a machine that can travel to an alternate timeline to bring my wife and my son Richard back. Or, I'll have to kill Spider-Man myself and deal with you two afterward.\" Martin Li was Wilson Fisk longtime partner who helped co-design 'The Super Collider' with Liv. He and Liv worked hard on that machine after the loss of Fisk's Wife and his son Richard. After Martin heard about the arrestment of Wilson Fisk and his teammates (Including Liv.) Later, he was in a coma after having a tough battle between him and the new Spider-Man. Martin was researching multiversal information on the mainland, he had no choice but to visit his Boss and inform him on some information he had in storage for him. \"Ye know.\" He said in his very dramatic voice. \"I did have a backup plan. Just in case you messed up. I knew you would eventually... because as we all know in comic books.\" Martin bit his lips as he stares at Fisk. \"Heroes win and Bad guys lose…\" \"And that… will all change…\" Martin then takes out an M19 Handgun and pulls on the cocking handle and releases it. \"Here..\" he said in a much deeper voice. \"Take this.\" He handed the M19 handgun and laid it on Fisk's chest. He then grabs Fisk's hand and leaves it on top on the Handgun with his index finger on the trigger. \"I am disappointed… you let this happen to yourself, Willie,\" he said. \"But I will keep my promise... and finish what you started.\" Martin turns to the cell door and walks towards it. But he then stops. He looks over to his right where a two Nurses' were huddling in the corner and staring at Martin with traumatization written all over their faces. \"Take care of my friend.\" He told the two Nurses'. \"If anything happens to him... I'll come by looking for you.\" Before he exits the cell, he glares at the two Nurses and exits the room to enter a destroyed hallway with wounded soldiers on the floor. They couldn't move at all. Martin walks to one of the soldiers and picks up a walkie-talkie from his waist belt and activates it. \"You at The Docks Liv?\" Martin called out in his walkie talkie. \"Yes sir, did you talk with the Boss?\" A woman voice came out of the walkie-talkie. \"How is he?\" \"He is still in the coma, He won't wake up after a few months the Doctors told me,\" Martin Replied. \"Did the others made it out including yourself?\" \"Yes, sir.\" \"Good have them meet us at the docks. Over and out.\" Martin finishes and crushes the Walkie Talkie with his bare hands. Martin walks into the elevator and presses the button to go to the first floor. While the elevator was in motion, he grabs his sunglasses from his coat, cleans them, and put it back into his coat. The elevator then arrived at the first floor. \"BING!\" The door opens and Martin enters the main lobby and was filled with more destruction, debris, and more wounded soldiers on the floor. Fortunately for one of the soldiers who was behind the desk, was able to get up from the floor. He then slowly starts to limp his way towards Martin. Unfortunately, before he made his way towards him, Martin picked up a grenade from a wounded soldier and un-hooked the latch from the grenade and goes up to the solider and says. \"Here hold this...\" He gives it to him softly in his hand and pushes him back down onto a chair where he fell on his feet. Martin continued walking his way outside. As soon as he exits the building, the grenade inside exploded and the entire lobby was covered in smoke. Martin made his way past all the destroyed vehicles and SWAT vehicles which were up in blue flames. A light suddenly shines on Martin. He shields his eyes from it. \"Need a lift?\" A women voice called to Martin which was revealed to be \"Liv\" or Dr. Oliva Octavius or her enemies call her Doc Ock. Doc was piloting a Helicopter and in the passengers' seats, we're Scorpion and Tombstone. They were all wearing the same old Orange uniforms. \"Right on time, Liv!\" Martin yells. The motor of the copter roars as Liz starts to land it on the ground. \"Let's get moving! there is a lot we need to discuss!\" \"Como?! (translation from Spanish \"Like?!\") Scorpion asked. Martin Approaches the copter and the three criminals exit out of the Copter. \"The progress on the Supercollider 2.0 which will not have any mistakes involved like our first model and I need information on the new Spider-Man...\" \"May I ask Boss... what we are going to do about that new Spider-Man?\" Tombstone askes his new boss. \"oh... Ima makes sure he doesn't get ANYWHERE... near our work...\" Martin replied with an evil instinct. \"umm... How?\" Scorpion asked with a puzzled mind. Martin smiled wickedly. \"I will hurt him... and tear him apart... on the inside...\" I know this is short but yet again I am introducing to you guys the Villains of this story which one of them will be the main Baddie which is \"Martin Li\" And the three other Villains are returning from the movie as well (except for Fisk which he is just a short cameo basically but will be mentioned throughout the story.) The Next Chapter will be titled: \"Vow for Revenge\" (Which in case you all might have Listened to the \"Furious 7\" Score. Yeah, it's the Opening Theme from that Movie. So, a little Inspiration from it.) See you all in the Next one! (P.S. I just realized That FF finally added the \"Into the Spider-Verse\" category finally!) (Another P.S. I also fix some of the grammar for this chapter! )[Chapter 3] Before I have you all start reading this chapter, I will like to give a big shout out to \" Damander E\" for leaving a review! I will be sure to check my grammar. I used to write my chapters using Notepad. But this time I am using Microsoft word which is much better and much more organized and a lot easier to read. Please follow what \"Damander E\" did and write down your review to see if any mistakes need to be fixed or if you would like to comment on the story I would so glad if you did! This story also has more followers then I thought it would… Anyways that's my little update. And here's Chapter 3 which we will now go to where we left off with Miles Morales! Chapter 3 - Vow for Revenge -=Earth-1610=- \" I don't know why we're doing this again, but I guess we're going at it again… Alright People, Let's do this one last time! My name is Miles Morales. A radioactive Spider recently bit me at the age of fifteen and for two days… I am the one… and only… Spider-Man… I'm absolutely sure you know the rest. You see I save the city again… re-focus in school regained my relationship with my parents, made a new friend, and I got hit by a drone out of nowhere. But, have you ever had a dream... that you missed something that has always been by your side? Well, I did. My biggest moment as Spider-Man was fighting alongside other Spider-people against Kingpin! But… they were… my true friends… and a part of my family. I'll never forget them. I was hoping for a great day of coming back fresh at school. But I still realize how hard it is trying to keep the hero stuff and the life stuff together. MILES MORALES… is the Spider-Man of his universe. He never really wanted the powers. But it happened. It has been two days since he became Spider-Man after he fought with other Spider-People against Kingpin who was trying to break reality to get his family back. Miles was sitting on his desk with his headphones on full blast, listening to his favorite song which is \"Sunflower.\" He was staring at one of his homemade stickers and had a marker in his hand, tapping to the beat of the song on his desk. Instead of him listening to the music he was deep into his thoughts about how much he misses his Spider-friends. The song begins to fade in his head and voices start coming out of his head. \" Where ever I go the wind follows… and the wind… smells like rain.\" \" -When will I know I'm ready- \" \"… You won't…\" \"Miles!\" \"… It's a leap of faith…\" \"Miles!\" \" That's all it is Miles… A leap of faith- \" \"MILES!\" Miles quickly came back to reality and whips off his headphones and turns to his door to see only his Mom Rio peeking out of his door. \"Yeah?!\" Miles responds to his mother. \"Come on me amor! It's your second week of school!\" Rio nags. \"Are you packed?\" Miles looks over to his bed to find his suitcase but this time he was ready. \"Yes, Ma…\" \"Okay. ¡Vamo chacho! Your dad is waiting in the car!\" Miles quickly swaps from his PJ to his School uniform and grabs his suitcase and his backpack with his laptop inside. He then quickly exits his Room and enters the kitchen room. He then grabs a couple of toast before his Mom stops him from putting it in the toaster. \"There no time for toast Chico! You have to go!\" \"But, Ma- \" \"Your father is going to be late. C'mon!\" Rio and Miles went outside to find Jefferson in his Police car. Jeff turns to his right and rolls down his window and furrows his eyebrows and makes a smirk at his kid. \"What took you long enough son?!\" He asks Miles. \"Got myself carried… AWAY- \"Rio kisses his son in the cheeks about three times and then lets him go to his dad. \"Ma!\" \"See you Friday, Chico!\" \"Okay mami.\" Miles reply's as he enters his dad car. \"Hasta Luego!\" He yells as the car leaves towards Visions Academy. Miles and Jeff were in complete silence, they both don't know what to talk about. They even didn't feel like talking. Miles was yet in his mind thinking about his Spider-Friends. He misses Peter but he misses Gwen by only a hair. He had never had a friend that understands him more than she does. He even forgot… How… pretty she is… Wait? Does he have a crush on her? Nah, they're just friends. Plus, they are even from separate worlds. \" I wonder how Peter, is doing with MJ...\" said Miles subconscious. \" Maybe they finally got it together and have kids now… right?\" \"Hey Miles?\" Jefferson calls to his Sons attention to which he did. \"You okay?\" \"Yeah, I'm fine dad…\" Miles responds. The car begins to pass by a TV store and sees himself as Spider-Man hopping from one vehicle to the other. Miles smiles at himself and remembers how he trained himself to become the new Spider-Man. Jefferson did notice his Kid smiling at the new Spider-Man. \"Ye know\" Jefferson speaks to his son. \"That new Spider-Man isn't that bad… I mean- I still don't approve his methods, but he's alright.\" \"heh, yeah Dad…\" Miles comments back to father. Which he did remember he said that to him at Fisk's site. Which is fair for him to say because he is still skeptical about Spider-Man as a whole. The conversation started to die a little bit. Miles had something in mind that maybe he wanted to share with his dad. He did remember how the shoulder touch didn't work on Gwen… he knew it will be embarrassing to ask him. But he still wants advice to get a girl maybe he'll meet at school. He decides to speak up about. \"Dad?\" \"Yes, Son?\" Jefferson acknowledges. \"Had…\" Miles said awkwardly. \"… Uncle Aaron ever told you about the shoulder touch? Like, how you get a girl to like you, by touching their shoulder and saying…\" \" Hey! \" He said with a much deeper voice. Jefferson laughs out loud and rests his head on the steering wheel. He lifts his head and looks at the rear-view mirror to see a reflection of his very confused son. His expression quickly changed. \"What's so funny?\" Miles asks his dad. \"Oh… um…\" Jefferson groans. The Police car came to halt at a traffic light. Jefferson made eye contact with his son. \"Did your Uncle seriously taught you that?\" Jefferson asked his son. \"Well… yeah- Wait, He taught you that?\" \"Yeah… It only works for him but… It doesn't work for everyone in the family…\" Jefferson laments. It has been three days since Aaron Davis past away. Jeff still doesn't know how his brother was killed. No one in the family but Miles doesn't know. Miles was the only person to see his Uncle get shot in the back by Kingpin. \"Why only Uncle Aaron?\" Miles ask his father. \"I guess it's his Secret Weapon ,\" Jeff explains. \"What do you mean?\" Miles confusingly asked Jefferson looks at his son and takes off his sunglasses and takes a deep breath. \"I did the shoulder touch on your mother back in High School…\" \"Really?!\" Miles snickered. \"How did that- \" \"She slapped me in the face when I did that…\" \"Oh…\" \"Yeah…\" Jefferson sighed. \"Didn't work out so good at the beginning of our relationship.\" Milles huffed softly. The traffic light turned green. Jefferson turns back to the road and puts his Sunglasses back on and resumes driving. \"But you know one night… I couldn't sleep…\" Jefferson emphasized. \"I kept thinking about your mother… I just felt… so horrible after I did the \"Shoulder Touch\" to her, you know?\" \"Yeah…\" \"So, I went over to your grandparent's bedroom and waked up your grandfather…\" Miles was more focus on his dad than anything else. He found his dad more likable then what he earlier felt about him. \" Man… I should really start paying attention to him more…\" Miles thought. \"I told him I couldn't sleep.\" Jefferson continued. \"He took me back to my bedroom… and asked if there was something bothering me…\" \"I told him ' Yeah umm… there is this new girl I like, and I asked my brother on how I should get her, and he taught me the Shoulder touch where I go… Hey… \" Miles and Jefferson laughed. \"My- Grandfather… laughed too.\" \"Really?\" Miles laughed \"Yeah, and then he told me…\" Jefferson continued as the laughter died. \"A quote in our family that I'll never forget…\" They finally arrived at Visions Academy. Miles begin to gather his things while paying attention to his Father's story. \" Always be yourself, son… Don't pretend to be someone else… Just be you…\" That struck Miles in an emotional way. Jefferson parked his Police cruiser at the entrance. Jeff then turns to his son. \"So, the next day I had the courage to go up to your mother and I talked her out and… That's how I met your Mother…\" Jefferson smiled which made Miles smile back at him. \"So… get going! You got an Essay due today right?\" Jefferson asked. \"Yeah! Yeah, of course, Dad!\" Miles babbles as he scrambles out of the back passenger's seat with his stuff and walks over to the front passenger's side. Suddenly, all the children who were about to enter the school stares at him with wicked smiles on their faces. Miles gave them an embarrassed smile and waves back at them he quickly turns to his dad. He had his P.A. in his hand Miles quickly made an embarrassing impression. \"Oh, no! Not again!\" Miles muffled under his breath and covers his eyes. He stares at his kid and giggles softly and puts down his P.A. Miles peak out and looks at his dad giggling at him. \"Dad, you serious?!\" Miles hissed. \"…You know your Grandfather does that to me every time I go to school.\" Jefferson said. Miles turned to his Dad with a smile expression. \"real- \"Miles was cut off by Jeff's P.A. \" All units, we have a car chase taking place near Bellington road.\" Jefferson picks up his P.A. \"I'm on my way.\" He sets his P.A. down. \"Later, Miles!\" \"Bye, dad!\" Miles yells as his Dad quickly turns on his sirens and drives away at high speed. Miles watches his Dad drive away with a big smile on his face. But then quickly walks his way inside Visions Academy. Miles quickly enters is Dorm and locks the door behind him. He finds Ganke using his laptop to finish Miles essay. Miles needed someone to help him with his school assignments. He was so lucky to meet Ganke. Miles quickly unpacks all his clothes and set them on top of his mattress. He then takes out his Laptops to which he puts it next to Ganke's. Ganke turns to Miles and He takes notice of the rush. \"Hey, man! What's the rush?\" Ganke asks his best friend. \"Car Chase- Taking place near Bellington, Road\" Miles responds. \"Where's My suit?\" he asks. \"Under your mattress.\" \"And… I just put my clothes there… Great!\" Miles jeers. Miles lifts his mattress to only find his suit. The only suit that he made at May's Place in Queens. \"Dude! We have an Essay at four! We can't- \"Ganke sarcastically replies, but when he turns to Miles he was already in his nice sleek red and black Spider-Suit. \"I've got time! Its only Two-Thirty!\" Miles guffawed. Ganke turns to the clock that was hanging on the wall. Ganke turns back to Miles as he opens the back window. \"Just be careful, dude\" \"I know! You say it all the time!\" Miles replies and web zips out of the apartment. Ganke looks back at the clock and quickly realizes that the clock was set to an hour earlier and it's Three-thirty instead. \" Miles is doomed for detention, \" Ganke said in his mind. Miles starts to swing around Campus and descend to the ground where only his hands touch the ground. He turns to a couple of pretty girls who were recording him. He winks at them and says to them. \" LLLLadies! \" The Two girls scream with glee as Miles hops on a Taxi doing a front-flip and then makes a Quick web zip to Mid-Air. \" Wait… did I made them- \" \"CRASH!\" \"OOOWWW!\" Miles yelps as he was hit by a drone and landed on the side of the building. The people of Visions academy gasped for Spider-Man. There was no response for a while. Miles then gives the thumbs up and yells. \"I'M OKAY!\" The students then cheered. \"Darn… this is the second time this has hap- \"His Spider-senses went off and his lens widened. \"pened…\" He looks down at a four crossroad where he sees a Large Truck at High Speed and was in pursuit by four police cruisers. Miles looks over to a street sign to read which street it is. \" Bellington, Rd!\" Miles quickly leaps out and thwips away towards the Car chase. The Van was on a rampage through the streets of Brooklyn. People were screaming in terror from the rampage. Inside lies three Thugs cheering with armed Assault Rifles, the other Thug was a very bulky dude and was armed with an M19 Handgun in his holster. \"YYYEEEEAHHHH BABY!\" One of the Thugs exclaims. \"Cops, still on us, mate?\" a British Thug asked the driver. He then takes a look at the left side Mirror and sees the Cops on their Butts and sees SPIDER-MAN swing behind them. \"Crap! Spider-Man's Here!\" Yelled the driver. \"WHAT!\" The three Thugs blurted out loud. They quickly rushed to the back window where they can clearly see the sleek red and black Spider-Man. \"Ohhhh, we are not gonna let him ruin our victory this time, FELLAS!\" One of the Thugs shouted. \" OPEN FIRE!\" The Thugs kicked the back door and started shooting at the cops and Spider-Man at the same time. Fortunately for Spider-Man (Miles.) He was able to dodge all the bullets hitting Towards them. He quickly descends to the ground and was swinging right next to his Dad. Miles clears his throat and prepares for his deep voice impersonation. \"Officer!\" Miles shouts to his dad in his deep voice. \"Spider-Man!\" Jefferson took notice of Spider-Man who is still dodging the bullets. \"Think you can take care of this guys?!\" \"Yes, Sir!\" He replies. Miles quickly web zips towards the van and the bullets are now more focus on Spider-Man, who is still dodging the bullets. He then quickly webs the Rifles and disarms the thugs. \"No guns allow without an ID!\" Spider-man quips at the Thugs. \"AAAAGGGHHH, RPG!\" One of the thugs Commanded his Goons. Miles Spider-Sense went off as two Thugs pulled out a loaded RPG. \"Oh, no…\" Miles said under his breath. The thugs locked on to Miles. \" DIE, MEANCE! \" they launched the rocket at Spider-Man. Miles didn't know how to react, \" What do I do! What do I do! What do I… GOT IT!\" He quickly webbed up the rocket and web throws it towards the sky. The rocket then exploded behind them. Luckily no one was hurt. The pursue lives on. \"AAAAAAAAAAGGGHHHH, RELOAD! \" The three Thugs quickly reload their RPG and turned back to only see Miles gone. \"Where did he go?\" As they set down the RPG. They took one good look around the road to see if he was anywhere to be seen. They check on top of the van and no one was there. \"Welp, I guess he gave up!\" one of the Thugs suggested before he became wrong. \" Did I? \" The three Thugs jumped as they turned around to see Miles standing there with his arms cross. They quickly lunged towards him and gave Spider-Man a few punches but couldn't land them because Miles was dodging them so accurately fast. Miles landed a few strikes to their heads and in the stomach. Miles then put his focus on the British Thug and strikes an uppercut, knocking him out ice cold. Miles then put his focus on the two other Thugs. They yet tried to sucker punch Miles, but they keep on missing him because he was that fast. But then the miracle came for the Thugs as they finally timed the punch and landed a gut strike on Spider-Man only knocking him to the ground. \"YEEAHHH\" one of the Thugs quipped. \"HOW DOES THAT FEEL SPIDER-MAN !\" Miles then tries to get up on his feet, he was a little bit stunned by the strike and glares at the two thugs. \" Nothing but butterflies in my belly! \" He counter-quips. The two Thugs were offended and angry. They Charged at him. Miles then jumps and sticks flat to the ceiling. The Thugs then smacked their own faces against the door which leads to the cockpit. Miles quickly throws the three Thugs out of the van and webs them individually against a lamp post. Two of the police cruisers surrounded the three Thugs who were too stiff to move. As for Jeff and the other police cruisers which has a female officer in it. They both continued the pursuit. The chase continues as Miles climbs on to the side of the Van and is now pursuing the Driver. Miles turns invisible before the Driver notices him. He approaches the driver's door and was ready to punch through it. But then his Spider-Sense clicked in. The driver swings his left arm to the left window and has his M19 handgun in his hand and starts shooting. Miles quickly dodges and land on top of the cabin. \" How did he know?\" Miles thought. Miles Spider-Sense went off again. He lifts his head, facing forward seeing more than 10 civilians were crossing the street. \" Shoot!\" Miles yells in his mind. \" Think Miles, Think! \" The van kept going at a High Speed as the driver made an evil grin on his face and sped even more. \"GOT IT\" Miles yells. He quickly jumps to the back of the van and starts creating a bunch of web strings to tries to slow the van down. But… it wasn't working at all. the webs keep snapping off. \"C'MON!\" Miles bawled. He then had another idea. He quickly jumps to the left side of the truck. He crawls slowly towards the side door. The driver suddenly pops out of the side mirror and aims his M19 handgun at Miles. Fortunately, Miles disarms him and pulls him out of the driver seat and webs him to a Lamppost. The Van starts to lose control of itself. Miles then quickly leaps in the air and starts to web up the entire van. \" C'mon, C'mon, C'mon!\" Was all Miles was repeating in his head. The webs keep snapping off the van and it starts to tumble. The citizens who were walking across the streets start to take notice of the tumbling car. Miles quickly reacts and jumps in front of the citizens and shuts his eyes as he catches the van with his bare hands. Miles slowly opens his eyes and was amazed by how he was able to catch a 500-pound vehicle. \" That's new…\" He thought. He carefully sets the Vehicle down as the citizens start giving applauses and cheers for Spider-Man. Miles felt a positive spark in him. \" So, this… is what it feels like to be…\" Miles thought. \"A Spider-Man…\" Bellington road was closed off to repair the damage done by the car chase which was stopped by Spider-Man himself. Jeff parked his cruiser by where the driver was tied by Spider-Man webs onto a lamp post. He walks up to the big Thug cautiously. As soon he was close enough, he made a few taps at the thug. he was unconscious for now. \"Officer Davis!\" A female calls out to Jeff. He looks behind himself to find only his Partner in crime, Officer Diniah Madani. \"Madani!\" He responds. \"Come look at this…\" She rushes towards him. Jeff then yanks the worker's badge of the driver tux shirt. He then examines it and widens his eyes with a suspicious look on his face. The driver's information was classified, and the driver badge came from \"Alchemax.\" \"Why would Alchemax be involved in this type of robbery?\" Madani asks his Partner. \"I think we should look into this back at the P.D,\" Jeff responds. Suddenly Spider-Man (Miles) lands on top of the tip of the lamp post. Madani and Jeff looked up to see him and stare at him for a good minute. Jeff glances at the badge and shows it to Spider-Man. Miles takes a good look at the badge and did notice the \"Alchemax\" logo on it. He had mixed thoughts about it. \"Them again?\" Miles asked using his deep voice impression. \"Why?\" \"Dunno,\" Jeff replied. \"But will look into it.\" Miles glances at the three other thugs including the British one. \"Who are the others?\" He asks. \"Bunch of small-timers I guess.\" Madani answers. But then a loud yell came from one of the Thugs. The two cops took their attention from Spider-Man to the Thug that was yelling out loud. As for Miles, he looks at one of the billboards which were playing the weather news channel. He looks at the time and realizes it… \" Three-fifty-five! \" His mind yells at him. \" How could I forget that my clock was set to an hour early! Stupid, me! \" Jeff and Madani made their way through the crowd of detective writing down their notes. They made their way through the front to only find the British Thug who was tied by webs and was telling them a story. \"…We were hired to do this job. This wasn't a heist at all. This was a test…\" The Thug emphasizes. \"A test for who?\" Madani asked. The Thug stared at Madani with despair. \"…Spider-man…\" The two cops widen their eyes and look back to the lamp post where Spider-Man was, but he was gone. Jeff turns back to the Thug with a glare. \"Take him to the Department.\" Jeff commended. \"I want more answer from him.\" Miles was like a shadow in the wind. He quickly web zips towards Visions academy because of his essay. Hopefully, he's not late… Miles entered his Dorm stumbling across his desk and the floor. He takes off his mask and throws it at a bin, then struggles to take his primary body suit. He tried by stretch the collar to take his arms sleeves off and was finally able to take his suit off and throws it to the same bin where his mask is. He then takes off his web shooters and puts them in his backpack. He was then finally in his School uniform again. Restudy his exam and his notes that Ganke wrote down for him and then was finally prepared for the test. But as soon he opens his dorm to make his way out. Principle Morita stood in front of him with a giant disappointed expression on his face. Miles knew something wasn't going to end well for him. \"Mr. Morales.\" The Principle said, \"My office…\" Miles then looks at the school clock on his desk and it was already \" Four-ten…\" Miles then became ashamed of himself. \" I really need to stop having my school clock set to an hour early…\" -= 12:00 am at the Brooklyn P.D. =- Jeff and Madani were back at the police department and just finished having their interrogation with The British Thug. They both came out with distress and puzzle. The only thing they got out from the Thug was that he is a confirm worker from Alchemax, but they classified their information and their names. They sent forensic to analyze the badge to see if they can declassify the worker's information since the Thug won't allow spoiling his name. The three Thugs were then sent to \"The Raft\" including the British one. Madani and Jeff were strolling in the Hallway and been having back and forth conversation of the possibilities of why Alchemax would want to do tests on Spider-Man. \"I still don't get it…\" Madani furrows. \"Why would they test on him… They would usually want to kill him or make him feel the pain of some sort.\" Jeff was still investing his thought of what the possibilities can be of why Alchemax would do tests on Spider-Man. \" Maybe testing on learning his skills? Or turning invisible, doing the zappy thingy…\" Jeff thought. \"Maybe…\" Jeff verbally said as Madani turns to him. \"They are trying to replicate his moves and abilities so the next time he meets them… They would…\" Jeff didn't want to finish his sentence. \"Kill him…\" Madani finishes as they both stopped and glanced at each other. \"I hope that's not the case…\" Jeff rejects. \"I mean…\" \"Spider-Man took on Fisk and it was a bit rough for him at the beginning and… he got him at the end of it and he won.\" Jeff then thought of something the Thug never told them. \"Who's running Alchemax if Kingpin's still at The Raft- \"Jeff then was cut by Madani as she steps right in front of him. \"Davis…\" She emphasis. \"Yesterday… someone wrecked into the Raft the other day and visited Kingpin…\" \"What?!\" Jeff's eyes were widened. \"Why was I not informed about this?!\" He snapped. \"You had your day off remember?\" She answered. \"So, you can have some quality time with your son?\" Jeff slightly opens his mouth and then closes it. \"uhm… some Villains did break out.\" \"Who?\" Jeff questions. \"Doc Ock, Scorpion, and Tombstone,\" Madani said. They then continued walking through the hallway as Madani walks right beside Jeff. \"What about Fisk?\" \"He was still in coma stasis at that time.\" She responds. \"Wow!\" Jeff snickered. \"He wasn't even awake at the time…\" \"yep…\" She laughed. Beep-Beep! Jeff's watch went off. \"Twelve-ten. Gotta go!\" Jeff exclaims. \"See you in the morning, Madani!\" \"Bye!\" Jeff then walks away from Madani, as she walks away from him. Jeff was about the enter the hallway where the detective offices are so he can gather his important stuff at the office. But before he touches the doorknob… The door was slightly opened. Jeff felt a very strange absence through that door. CLICKCLICKCLICKCLICK… Jeff hears loud keyboard typing. He decides to investigate. He opens the door very slowly and walks into the hallway with offices door on the right. All the offices were surrounded by glass panes. Jeff at first couldn't see anyone but as soon as he got close to his office space. He slowed down and sees the silhouette of a man sitting at his desk. He approaches his office cautiously. He starts to reach in his holster but suddenly realizes his handgun wasn't with him. He quickly doubles checks it. He then glances through the glass. His handgun was hanged on his coat which was right next to the man that was sitting at his desk. The man apparently has a Chinese style face. \" Nice going, Davis… Left your weapon next to a man who apparently broke into this facility…\" Jeff mocks himself in his mind. \" You know how to interrogate… and you know how to fight…\" Jeff approaches his office and slightly steps in. \"Ahem!\" \"Just one sec.\" The man replies with a very dark tone voice and holds up a finger. Jeff was surprised by his voice. Chinese people usually have light voices, do they? He then walks in fully into his office, only a few centimeters away from his desk. \"I don't remember any appointments made by our guys for any I.T Guys to step in…\" Jeff interrogates as the man sets down his finger. \"So, you better face me and talk before I turn that neck myself.\" The man didn't respond as he continued typing on at the computer. \"That something \"The Rock\" would say…\" He quipped. \"But I don't have time for games, Davis…\" The Man continued. \"Right?\" How did he know Jeff's name? How did he even get in here? was he hiding in a vent? Or had an invisibility device? Could he have replicated Spider-Man's invisibility effect? \"That's right…\" Jeff responds. \"How'd you know my name?\" The man then ejects a small USB from Jeff's Computer. He raised his hands to look at the USB with a very serious face. Jeff suddenly had a very disturbed and scared presence surrounding the man. \"Please…\" Jeff insists. \"Not my family, stay AWAY from my family.\" \"I'm not after your family, Jefferson.\" The man says as he turns the chair around to face Jeff. The man was wearing a black coat with a tuxedo under it. The man also has bright blue eyes. Jeff thought he recognized the man but couldn't remember his name. But all he remembers was where he came from. \"You're one of them…\" He said. \"You're one of Alchemax lead scientist…\" \"And…\" The man interjects.\" Co-CEO…\" The man started cackling in a quiet tone. \"Ye know…\" he continues. \"You and your brother weren't bad on our side… that is until you became a traitor…\" Jeff stares at him with a glare on his face. But couldn't figure out how he knew all his information about himself. \"But then came your Brother…\" He continued looking down at the floor with an evil smirk. \"He was holding Spider-Man in a choking position and…\" He pauses for a moment. \"He decided not to kill him.\" He looks right back at Jeff. Jeff wasn't just about thinking about what's he doing here. He was thinking about \" WAS HE THE ONE WHO KILLED MY BROTHER. \" Jeff was all in rage inside the head and was shaking of every inch of muscle on his face. He loved his brother as much as his son did. \"So…\" He leans back on his chair. \"We killed him for it…\" Jeff couldn't think of anything else but wanting to hurt this man. \"But now…\" He gives him a dangerous glare as he snuffs the USB into his coat. \"It's your turn…\" Without hesitation, the man kicks the table causing Jeff into a move back. The man quickly vaults over the table and kicks Jeff in the face. Jeff smashes through the glass leading into the next office. Jeff quickly gets up on his feet but finds himself getting a side kicked in the stomach and then a punch to the face. He managed to dodge the second punch and takes a hold of the man and throws him into the next office. Jeff was able to strike a sucker punch to the man face and strikes another punch but, in the stomach, and an uppercut in the chin causing the man to fly backward and crashing into the hallway. Jeff angrily approaches the man with a baton in his hand. He was at ready to smack him in the face, but the man was fast and quickly jabs him in the calf causing Jeff to lose a little balance and releasing the baton from his grasp. The man swiftly gets on his feet and backfist him in the face and tries to land a sucker punch on him. Jeff manages to block the sucker punch and counter punches him in the face and starts punching him rapidly in the stomach. The man side blocks the finally gut blow and counter punches Jeff in the face. He makes a second punch and makes a quick jump kick in his stomach. The man makes a charge towards Jeff and leads both into a large open office area. They both crashes landed on a desktop. The man lifts Jeff neck trying to smash him against the floor. Luckily, he punched him in the gut before he did so. The man and Jeff were in a sparring stance. They both tried to tease each other to see if they can try to break one of their defenses. That little teasing end when Jeff tried to backfist the man. He catches his arm and makes a quick strike to his stomach and kicks him in the right calf and loses balance. He punches him in the neck and then in the face causing Jeff to stumble against the other office desk. Jeff was bruised in his face and his uniform was almost ripped to shreds (except his pants of course.) Luckily, he was able to get back into the fight trying the punch the man in the face but misses. The man low kicks Jeff's left calves and then kicks his hips. The man attempts to punch him in the face, but Jeff was able to block him. The man tries a knee strike but was blocked again. Jeff sucker punches him two times in the face. He grasps his head and bumps his face against his. The man suddenly loses balance. The man quickly gets up on his feet and into a sparring stance. He roars in anger and tries to sucker punch him again. Jeff quickly blocks his attack, slips under his arm and grabs him by the neck and smashes his body onto a glass table. The Man felt his back like if it was hit by a freight train. He starts laughing maniacally. \"You still got it! Don't you!\" he laughs. \"Alchemax Guys…\" Jeff growls as he looks at him with rage. \"Always so Stubborn…\" \"The name's Martin…\" The man introduces himself as he continues to laugh with pure evil in him. \"You're the man who pulled the trigger on MY BROTHER DIDN'T YOU!\" He yells in anger. Martin looks at him with an insanity face. \"No…\" Martin slowly grabs a shard of glass. \"My Boss did.\" He quickly slashes both of Jeff's inner knees. Jeff covers his wounds as he feels the pain. Martin leaps to the ceiling and grabs an LED ceiling light and smashes it on top of Jeff's head. He stumbles and accidentally falls onto a couch and the couch flips to the ground. Jeff realizes he was under a table and spots and Python revolver and snatches from the table and cocks the gun and starts shooting at Martin who was already vault across the table. Luckily the Cavalry arrived. \"HALT!\" Madani calls to Martin as she shoots to where Martin was taking cover. Jeff got on a kneeling position. \"On me!\" Jeff commands his partner and continues shooting his opponent's defenses. Suddenly Martin quickly leaps to a small desk and threw a C4 across the floor. And kicks the desktop for cover. Jeff watches the C4 as it slides on the floor and came to a halt to where Madani was standing at. \"MADANI!\" Jeff rushes towards her and covers her as the C4 detonates and the two cops flew out of 3 story building and landed on top of a Police Cruiser with Jeff on his back and Madani on top of him. Madani turns to only see Jeff passed out of a serious injury. \"Jeff?\" She questions her partner conditions. Back inside the P.D, the whole entire office space was completely obliterated. All the computers, files, television screens, and everything… But the only thing standing left was Martin Li himself. He survived the detonation. He came out of cover since he used the table for cover. He scanned the destroyed room and was glad to see Madani and Jeff gone. He made his way to where Jeff's former office was and glares at the screen which was surprising that it was still in operational but had only a short-limited amount of time. The screen displayed information of Jeff's only son… Miles Morales. He glares at him. He now knows who the new Spider-Man is. \"We will one day meet Miles…\" He said. \"And I will end you like how you did to my boss.\" He then clenched his fist. Suddenly sirens went off in the distance. He knew the cops were coming. \" Boss! \" Liz's voice came out from Martin P.A. \" Time to go! \" He picks up the P.A. \"On my way…\" He responds as he aims his fist at the monitor screen and a bright blue beam was shot out of his arm. Wow! He has abilities now? He then exits the room and sooner or later… A great battle has yet to come… Wow! 6,000+ words in this Chapter… I think I'm getting better at this. Anyway, I hope it was worth the wait! The next Chapter will be called \"Life and Destiny\" hmmm… wonder what that will mean? Anyways, it might take me a while to get started with the next chapter. I'll probably be starting it this coming Friday, April 5. See you all real soon! ","Summary":" Hey Guys! I am here with a new story I want to share that is basically my predicted sequel from \"S"},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"You are my Queen","Author":"ladyleahrbloom","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9002078","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You are my Queen By Leah Day Disclaimer I own nothing, drat! Rated a plump PG 15 for mild sexual content, written using Australian grammar and spelling Summary Alternate ending to Dracula 2000. What kind of vampire would Mary be had she drained Simon of his blood? The rooftop The blood had grown disagreeably cold in Mary's throat. Disgusted, she pulled away from the wound, spitting on the ground. Lucy leaned over and dabbed a white handkerchief at Mary's bloodied mouth. \"Thank you,\" Mary said coolly to her friend. She turned to Judas. The vampire was smiling as if to say. \"Well done.\" The youngest of the new batch of vampires left Simon Sheppard's slumped corpse. Gracefully walking towards her dark lord. Mary's once bloodshot, crazed eyes had returned to their usual gentle brown. The sickening paleness of her skin had taken it's leave, thus giving the girl a glowing, beatific, countenance. He reached for her hands, stroking his thumbs over her knuckles. Mary's pink lips formed a diminutive smile. \"I assumed that you would wish to keep him with us?\" Judas murmured, eyes searching her, curious. \"You did care for him.\" \"He would not have understood,\" Mary replied, refusing to be cowed by her mate. \"My reasons for ending him are justified. I will not be hunted down like an animal.\" Her eyes became cold and hard. Mercilessly, they bore into him. Judas felt as if she were burning his very soul. He stiffened ever so slightly. \"Ever again,\" she added, her voice mirroring her eyes, grip on his hands tightening ever so slightly. Judas, knowing he needed to remain in control, offered his mate a curt nod, refusing to lose himself to a violent passion. The girl had taken her place by his side; he had gotten what he wanted. To have a conniption right now would be most foolish indeed. \"The sun will be rising shortly,\" he told her. \"We must retire.\" The girl nodded. \"Dispose of his corpse,\" Judas instructed, falling into step beside his prize. \"I want him to be ashes by the following night fall.\" The cemetery, a mausoleum The young female vampire frowned at her mate, suspicious. \"What is this place?\" she asked. \"Your new home,\" he replied casually, pushing a slab of stone out of the way, \"for now.\" Mary wrinkled her nose then shrugged. ' Beggars cannot be choosers,' she decided mentally. OoO Inside, it was huge, clean and dry; the windows were blocked and there were no disagreeable odours about it. The slab, after a few moments of more pushing, finally blocked the entrance thus causing the girl to jump at the sudden loss of moonlight. After a mere second, everything became clear, for her. \"Where are the coffins?\" Mary asked. Surely there would be coffins inside a tomb? \"I had them removed,\" her mate replied. \"We won't need them; we'll sleep on the floor.\" \" Then why did he sleep in a coffin?\" Mary wondered. She couldn't understand. \"Your father imprisoned me in a coffin. I had no choice but to remain in it,\" the male vampire replied, reading the thought she had forgot to keep hidden. The girl bowed her head. \"I'm sorry for that,\" she said softly, honestly. He looked at her unblinkingly for a moment or so. \"It was not your doing that put me in there, little one,\" he replied wearily. \"I cannot blame you for that.\" He then sat on the solid floor then gestured for her to sit beside him. Mary looked doubtfully at her maker, wrinkling her nose. \"It will be cold,\" she said eventually. \"You will not feel it for long,\" Judas replied. Upon hearing that, the former human raised an eyebrow in amusement. Gradually, she sat on the far left side of their crypt, leaning against the wall, clasping her small hands in her lap, twiddling her toes, waiting for slumber to take her. Judas shook his head. \"That can hardly be construed as comfortable,\" he said to her. \"Come here.\" The female vampire worried her bottom lip, regarding him. \"Please?\" OoO Moments later, they were lying naked on his jacket. Mary writhed beneath him, moaning and panting as his mouth and hands ardently worshipped her. OoO With immense inertia fast claiming them, the pair curled against each other, their bodies trembling from the aftermath of their explosive union. \"Thank you,\" Judas panted against Mary's sleek neck. \"For?\" she asked softly. He pulled her closer, holding her tightly. This particular motion would have crushed a mortal body but, for Mary, it brought only the feeling of comforting sanctuary. \"For becoming my queen.\" he replied and closed his eyes. \"For letting me catch you.\" Mary blinked. 'For letting me catch you,' An argument rose in her throat but she quickly dashed it away, deciding it would be more devastating than fruitful to argue with Judas right now. She needed to be careful. He was older, faster and stronger. She had to remember that. Nevertheless, she would not spend her eternity with him treating her as little more than a pretty commodity. He had more then enough of those. No. He had taken from her. He had told her that he wished for a companion, claimed her to be his queen, now he would have to learn that he could no longer have his cake and eat it too. A small, pleased smile graced her mouth. Mary closed her eyes. She was going to make a very, very good queen, and the best thing was that she had all the time in the world to become one. The end ","Summary":" You are my Queen By Leah Day Disclaimer I own nothing, drat! Rated a plump PG 15 for mild sexual co"},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"Barackula Revisited","Author":"Voted Best Humor Fan Fiction","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13004246","Passage":"[Chapter 1] written for, but not published in, Desert Exposure Magazine desertexposure . com As we make our way into the coming presidential election, I can't help but remember something unexplainable that happened to me on Halloween of 2008. On that night, I saw the scariest movie I've ever seen. No, I'm not talking about my old wedding videos. It was something way scarier than that. Even scarier than the Kardashians without make-up. ","Summary":" written for, but not published in, Desert Exposure Magazine desertexposure . com As we make our way"},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"Black, White, and Brown","Author":"BeautyGirl03","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8619096","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My human name is Kyla Rosealee Lara. I am the daughter of Dracula an the human, Myrtle Divine. Yes, the Myrtle Divine. The world-famous Queen of England's cousin . She vas a human-turned-vampire during my birth. Dis means dat i`m a hybrid. I can go in the sun vithout burning myself unlike Dad, my skin glitters in the sun too. Vut, just answering some questions, I am from Romainia. Home of verevolves and Vampires. P.S. I am Splendora Arianna Lorane Lara, Princess of Vampires. \"Sworn Enemy\" of Methadora Deline Olf, Princess of Verevolves. Human name Delilah Tribecca Olf. Um, yeah. So um the story takes place in England, 1773. The plot's about a vampire who makes friends with a werewolf. She also falls in love with a human. She tries to find away to tell her parents who are too busy to listen to her after their move since they are trying to eliminate all werewolves. What's up, homies! Um, Okaaayyy. That was my BFF. I have to take her to the Doc 2 see if she's ok. (she has brain problems) (cough, cough) ","Summary":" My human name is Kyla Rosealee Lara. I am the daughter of Dracula an the human, Myrtle Divine. Yes,"},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"The Mother Of Evil","Author":"Kwirky Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6982336","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The ship creaked as the harsh ocean waters rocked the ship side to side. The hold of the ship was filling with water, as rats ran terrified. They sensed something… A crew member, worn ragged and wet from the deck above checked the hold for any damage. Violently, he swore when he saw that the barrels of rum had become damaged by the ragging ocean. He began picking them up and loading them on top of each other, swearing as he does. Out of the corner of his eye he spots something. A black engraved coffin lay strapped down by ropes, holding it's own against the rocking ship. The sailor approaches it slowly, his mortal mind running wild with imagination. It was a trade secret that stolen treasure was smuggled into countries in coffins. Engraved into the top of the coffin is a message. Do Not Open The sailor thinks about his captain. It is like him to hide something from a crew member. Greedy Bastard Against the warning that lies on the coffin, the sailor takes a pen knife from his side pocket. He begins to jam it into the lid, attempting a leverage tactic. In a last attempt he drops his knife into the water below him. He bends down and searches. While he does this, the coffin lead begins to open slowly. A white hand, belonging to a male, pats the side of the coffin searching. The sailor stands up as he has found his pen knife. He turns back the coffin and his skin begins to turn white. The knife has dropped from his hand and the sailor backs away slowly, looking around him everywhere searching. The coffin lid is fully open and completely empty. The sailor reaches the steps and begins to turn around start his climb. Before his foot reaches the step, two hands grab around his torso as he is pulled back into the water. The shipmen hear the screams and return to the hold. The sailor is found hanging by a rope in the hold, with two holes in his neck. The coffin is closed and nailed shut as the sailors find nothing to link the holes to anything in the hold. Deaths have been appearing in the newspapers. Women have been found dead, drained of blood with the same two holes in their neck each time. People begin to say it's the work of the devil. Other people believe it's a sin from God. As Dracula kills more and more, people start becoming suspicious. Dracula knows this. With one last look at the woman he begins to change. His black wings slice through the air as the landscape below him zooms past, the night air numb against his skin. It Is Time… 200 hundred years ago, from this very date his mistress was buried in a stone tomb after villagers claimed her to be Mother of Evil. They where right… Count Dracula let the corners of his mouth turn up just slightly. It was time his mistress was woken. It was time that son she had been bearing was free. Gliding through the woods Dracula appears at a ruined graveyard. His black cloak does not billow in the wind but remains still by his side. In front of him lays a stone tomb, rising above the ground on stone concrete. Vines cover the tombs lid, sealing it from any intruders. From his cloak, he brings the head of his last victim… The Ancestor to his mistress. One drop of blood lands on the stone tomb as the vines peal away from the lid. The tomb itself shakes and the lid begins to slide away. It crashes down one side of the tomb. Count Dracula looks down to his mistress. Her brunette hair lay sprawled behind her head, her eyes shut tightly. Skin so pale, she holds a burgundy rose against her chest. Her body lay naked as she is draped in a scarlet blanket not covering the two venomous snakes that lay dormant around her. They've coiled around her body, hissing as Dracula strokes her face. Her eyes flutter, no longer the green they once where but the red for blood. Her mouth opens and her fangs grow stronger…Lusting. Dracula leans down into the tomb, and kisses her right breast. She watches him smiling… The Mother Of Evil, Is Now Awake. ","Summary":" The ship creaked as the harsh ocean waters rocked the ship side to side. The hold of the ship was f"},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"Looking in","Author":"ladyleahrbloom","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9002063","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Looking in By Leah Day Disclaimer I own nothing from Dracula 2000 or Virgin Records … Drat! Summary While Mary is on at her shift at Virgin Records, she sees exactly what Dracula wants her to become and is terrified. This is an AU take on the scene when Mary sees herself, as a vampire, kissing Dracula. Rated PG 13, just in case. Written using Australian spelling and grammar, this is my first Dracula two thousand ditty. I wrote this mainly out of frustration, there are not enough Mary and Dracula, aka, Judas, stories out there. Virgin Records, New Orleans The dark haired girl saw him come into the store, smiling like a cat that had got the cream and the canary all in one full swoop. Abandoning the task she had been assigned to, she lazily walked towards him, and with such casual familiarity, slipped her long slim arms around his waist. The male vampire smiled his amusement. Lowering his head, he kissed her, hot, pink tongue eagerly pressing against her lips till they parted for him. She groaned low in her throat with pleasure, reaching upwards to tangle her pallid fingers in his silky, black curls. Suddenly, the seducer drew away from his accommodating prey. \"What are you doing?\" the beauty complained huskily, thin lips forming an adorable pout. \"Shhh,\" he murmured. \"Look at her, my Mary.\" OoO Like a doe caught in a car's headlights, Mary Hellar stared straight ahead and almost cried out loud in horror. Standing at the entrance of the store was the man from her previous vision. Snugly enveloped in his arms. Embracing him whole-heartedly in return was … Dear God in Heaven … No, it couldn't be …. The stunning pair drew apart, subtly baring their teeth at her. The girl in his arms studied her with a disdainful, calculating countenance. Her handsome, reddish brown eyes gleamed feverishly as they raked up and down Mary's body. OoO Mary dropped the CDs. It was her. ' No …' she thought hysterically. 'This cannot be …' The handsome illusion murmured something in her look a like's ear. The girl wrapped in his arms tilted her head back, laughing gaily, the sound tinkling through the din around them. Barely noticing the mess she had left on the floor, Poor Miss Hellar took off, muttering many a prayer under her breath as she went; her heart pounding in time to her feet as she scurried away to what she hoped would be her sanctuary. The end Thank you for reading this ditty. Dracula 2000 is my favourite Justine Waddell film and I am a loyal Dracula and Mary shipper, I also like Mary and Lucy and Lucy and Dracula as well. If you enjoyed the fic, great. If not, that's fine with me. ","Summary":" Looking in By Leah Day Disclaimer I own nothing from Dracula 2000 or Virgin Records … Drat! Summary"},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"My Mary","Author":"Queen Serenity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7918851","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: No one belongs to me, but this story does. Title: My Mary Author: Queen Serenity Fandom: Dracula 2000 Chapter: Only I lay here, in this accursed box… I am not conscious, really, but I know where I am. In my mind, I pound and pound in this box, trying to get out… but, for some reason, I cannot bring myself to full awareness. I have no idea how long I have been in this thing… I have lost all track of time. I can feel those leeches on my body, though, even through my unconsciousness. Van Helsing cannot kill me, and thus he will not let himself die, preserving himself with my blood so that he may keep watch over me… Someday, there will be some mistake made, and I will escape. I swear, when I am free, I will make Van Helsing pay for what he has done to me… But I have had a light to look to for a while, now. I remember the first time my incoherent dreams formed into something that seemed so real… I was in a room, which was empty except for a bassinet. Looking into it, I saw what was perhaps that most innocent face which ever I had seen, framed in dark curls. The baby stared at me with her beautiful dark eyes, and I knew that I could never harm her. Over the years, I had more dreams of her, and found her name to be Mary. Slowly, I watched the little innocent cherub grow into a dark-haired angel who was just as innocent. Someday, I will be free. And I will curse my freedom, if I cannot dream of anymore of this girl who cannot be real… my angel. My Mary. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: No one belongs to me, but this story does. Title: My Mary Author: Queen Serenity Fandom"},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"I Walk the Streets","Author":"Queen Serenity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7918813","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: No one belongs to me, but this story does. Title: I Walk the Streets Author: Queen Serenity Fandom: Dracula 2000 Chapter: Only For the first time in over a century, I once more walk the streets. I am in a place called \"New Orleans\" and there is some sort of celebration going on, it seems. I look around, and see more skin then I would have in a harem back in the old days. Ladies, it seems, wear much less now. I see women leading men on chains, literally, and I see people flaunting their sins, and I cannot help but smile. It seems that now purity is more rare than incorruptible politicians, now. This world is filled with sin. Oh, Van Helsing, you thought that, by catching me and locking me up, you were saving the world. In truth, you only insured that I survived until now… …And you have helped to ensure the fall of God's greatest creation, mankind. This is my world now. QS: Well, can you all see these as his thoughts? Thought so. If you like this, I have several other D2000 fics out there you can check out. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: No one belongs to me, but this story does. Title: I Walk the Streets Author: Queen Sere"},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"The Epitome of Trouble","Author":"Queen Madisyn of Narnia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6351894","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mary Van Helsing was dazed and confused. \"Mary!\" Simon shouted, running over to her, making sure she was alright. With a look upwards, Simon followed her gaze. Above them, hanging from a crucifix, was Dracula himself. And he was in flames. \"Mary, are you alright?\" Simon asked. Mary simply nodded, still staring at the vampire ablaze. \"We should go,\" Simon suggested. Again, Mary nodded. The two stood up, and as they walked away, Mary glanced back. The flaming figure was gone. Only ashes remained. The ashes of Judas Iscariot. Night had swept over New Orleans, Louisiana. The street sweepers rumbled across the pavement, clattering to clean up whatever the city folk left on the streets. After the deadly events with Count Dracula, Simon and Mary fled to London, seeking shelter in her father's home. Mary's home in Louisiana was left untouched. Sort of. \"Hurry, Em!\" Andrew shouted to his sister, Emmy. Emmy rolled her eyes. The Collins twins were orphans, living on the streets and avoiding foster homes at all costs. The two started their journey in Tennessee, and had gotten as far as New Orleans, barely managing to escape several cops, who had recognized them from a foster home in Nashville, by knocking one out, and throwing large hair clips at the others. Emmanuelle Angeline Collins was sixteen, with long, slightly curled, reddish blond hair that reached her elbows, inquisitive brown eyes, and creamy, pale skin. She was street smart, book smart, and extremely beautiful. At a foster home when she was thirteen, she had about nine boys falling for her. Her brother, Andrew David Collins, was the sports type, also sixteen, with shaggy brown hair, brown eyes, and skin rather tan when compared to Emmy's. He was a sort of ladies man, but very protective of his sister when it came to boyfriends and such. With a burst of adrenaline at the sound of sirens, the two rounded a corner into an alleyway, crouching behind a row of dumpsters. The sirens grew louder, then died out as the police cars sped past. \"Fool's luck,\" Andrew panted. \"That was fool's luck.\" Emmy nodded. \"But we got away, didn't we?\" \"We need to find an empty house,\" Andrew said. \"For shelter tonight. We can't risk the streets.\" With a few deep breaths, the two began a brisk jog, stopping after a few blocks. They had finally spotted an empty house. 117 Cherry Tree Lane. The twins ran around the back, picking the back door's lock, then scouted around the house. It was a nice house, for the most part. But upstairs was a shattered mirror, with words in a foreign language sprawled across the wall, and downstairs, one of the bedrooms had blood everywhere. \"This is beyond creepy,\" Emmy whispered to herself. She examined the words on the wall with a gasp. She looked at Andrew. \"It's Aramaic.\" Andrew didn't question his sister. If Emmy was sharp with anything, it was foreign languages. In their spare time, if they had spare time, she was always using things like foreign dictionaries or Rosetta Stone. \"What does it say?\" he asked. The wall itself read, עקבו אחריי, כי אני בדרך אל הנצח \"'Follow me, for I am the way to eternity',\" she recited. \"Creepy,\" Andrew muttered, walking down the stairs. \"Hey, I'm going to see if there's anything in the kitchen. Yell if you need me.\" \"Alright,\" Emmy said, looking around. She stepped into another one of the bedrooms, shutting the door behind her. She fell to the bed with a sigh, not even bothering to look around at her surroundings, and was soon in a deep, undisturbed sleep. I HAZ REVIVED MY DRACULA STORY IN ANOTHER FORM! Reviews, much? ","Summary":" Mary Van Helsing was dazed and confused. \"Mary!\" Simon shouted, running over to her, making sure "},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"Nothing More, and Eternally Nothing Less","Author":"AshwoodDraven88","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7465819","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nothing more and Eternally nothing less -oOo- i'm a never dying god with never ending enemies- no soul inhabits this emptiness, this void my humanity no longer exists. -oOo- my taste for blood is always increasing, my sympathy forever decreasing, my thoughts are frozen, my head's full of faded memories- the places I can never return. -oOo- my normality can never be found, it's seems just beyond my reach. i'm trapped behind this ugly mask, i try to escape, but to this I'll return. -oOo- the fear in your eyes lasts only seconds, it's always longer than the taste- the taste that is always beckoning. -oOo- please don't fear me, my feelings aren't dead ,just me- you look into my eyes, you see nothing. yet i hold the answers that you crave, soon enough they will come. -oOo- you too will be trapped in your face- but for now try to calm your racing heart, it's time for the ecstasy that comes so easily, that sweet taste just for me. -oOo- close your eyes it'll be over soon,- now i'll leave you with your hurts,- Nothing more and Eternally nothing less. ","Summary":" Nothing more and Eternally nothing less -oOo- i'm a never dying god with never ending enemies- no s"},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"Virgin Records","Author":"QuicksilverWitch","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1941639","Passage":"[Chapter 1] OI!!!! I do not, and will never own Dracula or anything pertaining to it ::cries:: Mary shook herself out of her reverie, picking up the cds and placing them back on the shelf. \"He's not real!\" she said forcefully, going upstairs on the elevator. \"Hey Mare,\" Lucy called from behind the upstairs receptionist's desk, \"I need help finding the new Marilyn Manson cds, wanna help?\" she asked, labeling a few Led Zeppolins distractedly, watching as a dark haired stranger walked into the store, demanding all female attention. \"Luce?\" Mary asked worriedly, as she went into a sort of trance, all the while touching her neck absently. \"Yeah, Mare?\" she asked, her voice cracking slightly. \"Something wrong?\" Mary asked, as the song \"Tainted Love\" by Marilyn Manson suddenly blared to life on the speakers. \"Uh...no...no! Erm, yeah. Hey Mare, I'm going to go downstairs and...help...the guy who just walked in...\" she breathed, still fixated on him, entranced. \"Alright...\" Mary said resignedly, as they both walked onto the escalator. Lucy walked off to gawk at the new customer, who past by her and went straight toward Mary. \"Hi there!\" Lucy said, stepping in front of him. \"Welcome to Virgin Records, how may I—oommpff!!\" she said, as she was pushed against a wall of cds. The handsome man walked straight past Lucy, and grasped Mary's wrist before she could enter the storage room. With a sudden grace and a mind probe, the man known as Dracula whirled Mary around, encasing her tightly in his strong arms, locking the door to the storage room behind them even as the customers and employees forgot who the couple were. Mary panicked. Why was he so familiar? That scent, that flare...her eyes widened. It was him! \"Mary...\" he breathed, his European accent tinting his English. \"For so long have I waited...to find someone not bitten, but born...my Mary...my Mate...\" he whispered, one hand stroking her hair as the other pushed her leg up, so it wrapped around his waist, drawing her closer. Mary gasped, feeling him throbbing against her. He growled softly, as she rubbed against him, and was suddenly kissing her, ravaging her mouth. \"Mary...\" he whispered, kissing her and stroking the outline of her left breast. \"You are...mine...as I...am yours...\" And suddenly, Mary was lost in oblivion as his hands found their way beneath her clothes, as she was pushed onto a silk bed...a red silk sheet...and underneath him. He was everywhere, touching, caressing, filling her...taking her over and over, in an endless cycle so viscous and primal, yet so touching and loving. \"Mary!\" he roared, his eyes turning red, as he almost tenderly bit into her jugular. Mary gasped, her orgasm and his coming amazingly fast, along with blinding pain...and then, finally, bliss. \"Mary...\" Dracula whispered, encasing her in his arms. \"Mine, forever...\" \"Dracula,\" the vampire bride Mary breathed, \"Mine, forever...\" ","Summary":" OI!!!! I do not, and will never own Dracula or anything pertaining to it ::cries:: Mary shook herse"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"Return To The Spider-Verse","Author":"Plumcicle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13193407","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Peni Parker missed her friends from the other dimensions. She wanted to see them again so much that it hurt, but she knew that was impossible. They couldn't all be in the same dimension without five out of the six of them dying, depending on who's dimension it was. So, all she could do was think about them. But then, an idea began to form in her mind. An idea that she wasn't sure would work, but knew she had to try anyways. She immediately hopped into her chair, which had wheels on it and allowed her to spin around. It rolled over to her desk and she grabbed a pen, immediately starting to draw out some blueprints, which she would scan over and download them into SP/dr. This was her last shot of seeing her friends again. Gwen had just finished up a band practice, which she was glad to get back to. Her friends had been wondering where she had gone off to and she lied to them, saying she had been sick when she was really in another dimension. Thankfully, her friends bought it. She set her bag onto the ground and went over to sit on her bed, ready to relax for the night. But then a portal opened up with blinding hot pink particles surrounding it and out jumped Peni Parker, sitting on top of her SP/dr robot. \"Gwen!\" She said, leaping off of the robot with speed Gwen didn't know a child could have. \"It worked!\" She cheered, wrapping her arms around Gwen's waist. Gwen was shocked that Peni was even here. In her dimension. Right now. \"Peni? How the heck did you get here?\" Gwen asked, astonished. Peni opened her mouth to explain, but wasn't entirely sure if Gwen would be able to understand all of the science and engineering involved with it. \"Well, first I had to make a device that I was sure would allow me to travel to other dimensions, then I had to make something that would protect my atoms from glitching,\" she said. She lifted up her wrist and around it was a shiny blackish gray bracelet with a pink glowing thing that was either a button or screen in the middle. \"I made one for you and the others,\" she said, holding out another blackish gray bracelet but instead of pink it had white. Gwen slid it onto her wrist, surprised by how well it fit. \"So, you said others, right?\" Gwen asked. Peni nodded. \"Well, how about we go get them?\" Peni grinned and nodded, her eyes sparkling more than they already were, which Gwen didn't think was possible. \"Come on! We'll contact Miles first.\" It had only been a few months since he had sent the other Spider-People back to their dimensions and Miles had been having a hard time finding out how to balance out his school life, his family life, and his life of being Spider-Man. He loved stopping crime and saving the city, but he also soon discovered that doing all of that sacrificed his sleep and school work, which wasn't something he could really afford to do. So his roomate Ganke Lee, being the amazing friend he was, had offered to do the work Miles missed out on. Miles seriously didn't know how he could repay the guy. Ganke just said that he would let him know when he wanted something in return, which he still couldn't figure out what. Right now, Miles was having a pretty normal day. He had done his homework, sent a text to his parents telling them he loved them, and he had stopped a few guys from robbing a bank, nothing special. Ever since Kingpin, he hadn't fought any major supervillains. He was kind of glad, because he had been terrified when he fought Kingpin and if his dad hadn't been there to inspire him, he most likely would've died, which wouldn't have been a good thing. Whenever he thought about Kingpin and the Collider, his thoughts often drifted towards Peter, Noir, Ham, Peni, and especially Gwen. He smiled softly to himself at the thought of his friends. The Spider-Gang sure had one heck of an adventure, and without them, he would've never become Spider-Man. He would always be grateful to them for that. Currently, he was lying down on his bed with his eyes closed, listening to music when a portal began to open up above him, the blue and pink particles swirling around. Miles! He could've sworn he heard something. Miles! Was he imagining it? MILES! Nope, it was real. And he knew that voice. Smiling, he opened up his eyes to see Gwen's face. \"Got a minute?\" She asked with a smile tugging at her lips. Miles pushed himself up into a sitting position, his head tilting upwards to look at Gwen. \"Well, I don't have anything else going on, so I guess so.\" Grinning, Gwen reached through the portal and pulled Miles through into her dimension. Peter Porker had a great life. Fighting Dr. Octopussycat, defeating Ducktor Doom, slamming Kingpig into the ground (which was a lot more fun after the events of Miles' dimension). Yeah, life couldn't be better. Well, maybe it could. The occasional chat with his friends would be nice, but he knew that was impossible. Sometimes he wondered if Miles had actually kept the hammer and if it actually fit in his friends' pocket like he said it would. The logic of Miles' dimension had to be different than his, so he doubted it would. But, he supposed he would never find out. He was in the middle of trying to catch a flower, which had somehow grown legs. He wanted to take a picture of it for the newspaper, but it just wouldn't stay still. He was getting annoyed by having to chase the little bugger around when a portal opened up in front of him, revealing three familiar faces. \"Well, whaddya' know? Look who it is!\" He said, running up to them. \"I didn't think that I'd see you three again!\" He exclaimed. Miles smiled. \"Yeah, that's what I thought, but then Peni surprised us,\" he said and held up his wrist which had a bracelet like the other two, except it was a dark red. Ham snapped one onto his own wrist, and it was blue. \"Great! Now, let's go get Sweatpants-Peter!\" Peni announced. Ham couldn't help but laugh at the nickname. Peter B. Parker was really improving his life. He was cutting back on the junk food, helping people, and most importantly, trying to reconnect with MJ. And, it was going pretty smooth. Sure, it had been hard in the beginning, but they were talking more, and he had told her everything about his adventure into Miles' dimension, which she was still having a hard time believing. But, with enough storytelling, he was beginning to convince her. He told her about how the Peter Parker of that world was dead. He told her about the other Spider-People. He told her about Miles, the kid who had gotten his life back on track. The kid who had convinced him that he wanted kids. Even though MJ wanted to meet Miles, he had to explain to her why she couldn't, and she thankfully understood. But, he told her that hopefully one day, she would meet him. And, she believed him. But the more he thought about Miles, the more worried he got. Had the kid been able to defeat Kingpin? He must've since his dimension hadn't destroyed itself yet. But still, he couldn't shake the image of Miles lying down on the ground, his bones broken because of Kingpin's fists. The image haunted him and he couldn't get rid of the possibility of it happening. But he had to hope for the best. It just killed him that there was no way to make sure Miles had pulled through. So, Peter wasn't expecting a portal to appear out of nowhere, which brought back way too many memories of getting sucked into a vortex and slammed across the Brooklyn in Miles' dimension. But, he felt relieved when he saw who was waiting on the other side of it. Miles looked at him and smiled. \"So,\" he began to say. \"Does Spider-Man wear a cape yet?\" Peter shook his head and laughed. \"Still a no, kid.\" Peter Benjamin Parker had to admit that he wasn't as happy as he should be when he returned back to his home dimension. Everything here compared to Miles' dimension was so dull, so dark, and Miles' dimension was filled with life and color. He envied that. He always told himself to not get too attached to people, because they would a) stab you in the back. Or b) you could lose them, and Peter couldn't afford to lose any more people. So, he always told himself to close his feelings off to the world. But, when he got transported to another dimension, he got attached to people again. People he would only see once and no more. And, he had taken the cube thing with him, which would always serve as a reminder. He had been worried the color would fade when he took it back, but it never had. Maybe it wouldn't, he wasn't sure. Right now, Peter was tired. It had been a long day of stopping criminals and beating up Nazis, so he just wanted to sleep, even though the possibility of something terrible happening at night always nagging at the back of his mind. And if something did happen, what if it was his fault? He was about to take his mask off and call it a night when he sensed something behind him and he quickly pulled the mask back on, spinning around to see what it was. When he saw it was a portal, a faint glimmer of hope formed in his mind, but he didn't want to let it grow, just in case it wasn't who he thought it was. Somehow, he wasn't sure how, but it was them. They were really right there and he never thought he'd be happier. Peni, Miles, Peter B, and Porker were all there, waiting for him. The Spider-Gang was officially back together. With Aunt May's permission, of course, they had decided to make her house and the Spider-Cave their hangout area, or whatever you wanted to call it. She always made sure that there were never any creepy stalker fans who wanted to snap a photo to get proof of the other spider-people, which the press still hadn't confirmed the existence of. Maybe they were still as confused as the city, especially since the others (besides Miles Morales) had never been spotted again. Which was a little suspicious, to say the least. Aunt May had been thrilled to see them all again. She checked over all three of her nephews, even if they were from other dimensions. It didn't make any difference to her, pig or not. Right now, there was a podcast playing over the radio, talking about the mysterious group of spiderlings that had appeared. The press won't talk about it, they try to keep it from us, but we know the truth. There's more than just one Spider-Man, and maybe the ones we saw were just a few. Just imagine, thousands of Spider-Men and Spider-Women, all protecting their own worlds. The press has been tangled in a web of lies for years now, and we won't accept it anym- Aunt May shut off the radio, annoyed. \"Geez, they've been talking about you all for months. You'd think they would have let it go by now,\" she said. \"These people just can't seem to move on.\" Peter looked over at the now-muted radio. \"It's been months,\" he said. \"At least for me, anyways. I'm not exactly sure how time really works in other dimensions,\" he added. \"Time's a tad bit nonexistent for my dimension,\" Porker said. \"Duly noted.\" \"The people of New York just don't like to move on,\" Noir pointed out. \"I would've figured we would all know that by now.\" \"Well, I've been telling them that I am the only superhero in charge of protecting Brooklyn, but you know, people are stubborn,\" Miles said with a shrug. Peni raised an eyebrow. \"In my dimension, they would've gotten over a bunch of spider-people roaming around ages ago!\" She exclaimed. She threw a piece of pink bubblegum in her mouth, she had gotten from a jar that sat inside of her SP/dr suit. Gwen huffed. \"Well, our dimensions are only in the year 2018 or 2019,\" Noir coughed. \"Most of our dimensions,\" she added. \"We aren't in the future like yours.\" Peni smiled sheepishly. \"Sorry, I guess I just forget sometimes.\" Noir ruffled her hair and smiled underneath his mask. \"It's not a problem, kid.\" Peni smiled at him and jumped up, wrapping her hands around his arm. At first, he wasn't sure what it was, but then he realized it was a hug. Peter B. snorted in laughter when he saw how awkward and unsure Noir looked, which caused Noir to shoot him a look and what might've been a glare, but Peter couldn't tell because of the mask. Miles smirked at the interaction between the two, or well, three if you counted Peni, who was oblivious to what was going on between the two Peters. \"So, what kind of new supervillains have tried to kill you guys?\" Miles asked, changing the subject. The Spiderlings turned their attention towards him. \"Kingpin and his goons are still in jail, so I don't have to worry about them. I don't know what happened to Doc Ock though. I never found her after a truck crashed into her.\" \"Yeah, she's probably dead,\" Peter said. \"Anyways, I fought Rhino a few times, who no matter how many times I beat him, still hasn't quit robbing banks. It's pretty annoying, but you know, I gotta live with it,\" he shrugged. \"It's the life of a spider-person,\" Gwen sighed, putting a hand on Peter's shoulder sympathetically. \"Anyways, I dealt with the Vulture a few times. He just keeps coming back. First time I fought him didn't end well for me. It was pretty humiliating, actually.\" \"There've been a few angry mobs, but I was able to handle them,\" Noir said. \"What about you, Peni?\" The girl let go of his arm and groaned. \"Only if schoolwork counts. Nothing has come up in my dimension yet.\" All eyes turned to Ham, who was tapping his foot against the ground impatiently. \"Well, so glad you all finally let me speak! I've been dropping anvils on Doctor Octopussycat, chasing Kingpig around with my hammer, hunting down Ducktor Doom, having a few run-ins with Moosterio-\" \"Okay, we get it,\" Peter groaned, holding his hand up to tell him to shut up. Ham blew a raspberry at him. \"Oh, real mature,\" Peter huffed. Aunt May shook her head, chuckling. \"You're all like my Peter if he was split into three.\" Peter nodded. \"Alright then, so I'm the handsome, funny, charming part of him?\" He asked. Ham elbowed him in the stomach, which he was able to reach because he was standing on a table. \"Whatever helps you sleep at night,\" he said sweetly. Noir shook his head, clearly disagreeing with the to alternate Peters. Gwen sighed, trying to hide the small smile that was spreading across her face. \"Hey Peni, how long does this protective shield thing last?\" She asked, changing the subject. Peni's face brightened, glad someone was finally asking the important question. \"If I did everything correctly, then it should work for a few days before the power drains and it needs to be charged again. When that happens, we might start glitching. There would be a warning telling us to get back to our dimensions before it loses power though, so we should be fine. Probably.\" Peter narrowed his eyes and raised one eyebrow at the \"probably\" part. \"That's not exactly reassuring, but alright. I'll trust in the future tech. But if I die or anything, then I want a bigger tombstone than those two, capiche?\" He said, pointing at Ham and Noir. \"I've got you covered,\" Miles said, promising him the larger tombstone. \"Hang on just a minute-\" \"Hey, just because I'm a pig doesn't mean he should get the bigger tombstone!\" Well, this was just another friendly Spider-Gang argument. A lot of exposition in this chapter, I know. Really it was to help me get them all in character so they don't feel off for the rest of the story. If you have any tips then let me know![Chapter 2] The Spider-Gang had decided to go out on a patrol, just to do something, and because they all felt like something was off. They wanted to be careful and make sure that everything in the city was running smoothly, but they also made sure to stay out of sight. Which is a little hard to do when you're a large group of Spider-People. But so far, they hadn't been spotted by anyone. They were all standing on a rooftop, looking at the city and its people below. The lights gave the city a feeling of warmth. It was so bright and lively that Noir just couldn't wrap his head around it. Miles' dimension was just so different from his own. People walked the streets without fear, he could even hear kids laughing, which was a rare sound for his dimension. Part of him still thought that this was all some sort of crazy dream. \"So, what are supposed to be looking for again?\" Ham asked. \"We've been searching for like, five hours!\" Miles glanced at him. \"It's actually only been forty-five minutes,\" he corrected. Ham waved a hand as if he was swatting at something. \"Whatever, same thing.\" \"It really isn't,\" Gwen said. Ham was about to respond when they all felt their spider-sense go off like an alarm. Whatever it was they were searching for, they were getting closer to it. \"Okay... you guys felt that, right?\" Miles asked them. \"Yeah,\" they all said at once. After some more searching, they finally found the source. The building where the Collider was directly underneath. They all shared a look, their concern growing. Because if their spider-sense was telling them that something there was wrong, then something was definitely wrong. \"So, who wants to go first?\" Peter asked. He looked down at the building. The lights were off and he couldn't see any people inside. But, there had to be something going on underneath. \"I'll go check it out,\" Noir said without any hesitation. Miles' eyes widened. \"Wait, shouldn't we go together as a team?\" He asked. But, when he turned his head to look at Noir, the monochrome Spider-Man was gone. \"How does he do that?\" Miles asked, half to himself and half to the others. \"We need to go after him!\" Peni said. Before, she had been sitting on SP/dr's head, but now she climbed into the suit. She had rebuilt it, and even made a few adjustments and modifications. \"Let's go!\" Peter hadn't really ditched his friends on purpose. It was just that he had become so used to doing things by himself. Over the years, he had learned to only rely on himself. He still wasn't quite used to being part of a team. Anyone he had ever trusted in his dimension turned out to be just another grifter. Either that or they were dead. Neither two were great. Now that he was actually there, roaming through the dark by himself, he wished he hadn't left his friends behind. He wondered if they were worried about him. But it seemed like it was too late to decide to turn back now. So, he pressed onward. The light finally came into view as he saw the destroyed mess of the Collider, the machinery torn apart like limbs. His spider-sense had brought him here for a reason, but what could it be? He'd have to investigate more, which was one of the things he was best at. He looked at a piece of metal that was about a foot away from him. It was covered in long scratches and he could that it had been ripped off of something, and it didn't look like it was caused by an explosion. It looked like it had been torn by something with more force. He turned toward another piece of debris, which was long and slender, and looked rubbery. At the end of it was almost something like a claw that seemed to be made for grabbing things. Wait a minute. He knew where he'd seen something like that before. Doctor Olivia Octavius. But, she was supposed to be dead, wasn't she? Then again, he didn't see a body and Miles had said they never found it. He had to go tell the rest of the Spider-Gang. Peter felt his spider-sense go off again, telling him to duck. Instinctively, he crouched down, dodging whatever was trying to attack him. He glanced up and saw a tentacle that looked like it had been trying to grab him. He turned around and saw Olivia Octavius or her criminal alias Doctor Octopus. She looked way too happy to see him. \"I must say, out of all the Spider-Men you were the last one I expected to see. But if you're here then that must mean you and your friends found another way to dimension hop,\" she said. Peter looked and saw that she did indeed have a missing tentacle, which had to be the one he had found. \"I would've preferred the fat one, or maybe even the little one. What was his name again? Miles?\" \"Keep your dirty tentacles off him,\" Peter grunted. He swerved to the side to dodge another tentacle, its claws snapping at him. \"Trust me, I don't think I'm the one you should be saying that too,\" she said slyly. \"In fact, I think you'll be an excellent test subject for my next experiment.\" Peter didn't like the sound of that. Before he could move, one of her tentacles wrapped around him and slowly began to crush him. He struggled and tried to move his arms around to get out of her grip. It was no use and he wasn't able to reach his pistol. \"Don't worry, this isn't enough to kill you. It'll just knock you unconscious,\" she said reassuringly, but he didn't feel any better about the situation he was in. The corners of his vision began to darken and he was unable to do anything about it besides gasp in a few more breaths of air before his eyelids slid shut and everything around him seemed to stop. When Peter woke up again, he was no longer in the room with the Collider. Instead, he was in a lab that had a few lights on. There were conical lab jars, test tubes, and micropipette droppers on a table. He was strapped to a chair, his wrists stuck on the armrests and his legs were tied down as well. It almost looked like something from those crazy sci-fi movies. He spotted Doctor Octopus a few feet away. She didn't have her whole evil supervillain suit on anymore. \"Oh, good. I wanted you to be awake for this,\" she said, noticing him coming to consciousness. \"Don't bother trying to escape, I made sure the straps were strong enough.\" She turned towards him, holding what looked like a shot. Peter didn't like where this was going. She walked over to him, smiling. \"Don't even think of touching me with that,\" Peter threatened, trying to inch away from her. She laughed. \"I don't think you're going to be stopping me. Besides, all this is is a little mind control serum. You'll be my first human test subject.\" Peter's eyes widened underneath his goggles when she found an opening through his suit and injected it into him. Instantly, his muscles went slack and his struggling stopped. Noir could feel his grasp on his mind slipping away and it was agonizing. The feeling of being pushed away, of losing control. It felt like he was drowning, suffocating in his own mind. He could feel the other presence inside of his head, whispering to him, telling him to do things that he would never do. He felt mental claws digging into his brain, changing him. The part that terrified him most is that he was starting to submit, to give in as if he wanted to. It was tempting him to give up. No, no, no. This couldn't be happening. This wasn't how it was supposed to go. He didn't want this! To make things worse, the serum seemed to be changing his thoughts as well. When his friends had first come to pick him up from his dimension, he was the last one they came to get. Had they done that on purpose? Did they only bring him because they felt like the had to? Were they really even his friends? He had to stop thinking like that. They were his friends. They cared about him... ...Right? The rest of the Spider-Gang had gone in to find their monochrome friend, but so far, they didn't have any luck. It was as if the guy had just disappeared. Eventually, they found themselves in the room with the Collider. \"Do you guys think he came here?\" Miles asked. \"I don't know where else he would've gone,\" Peter said, looking around at the eerie place. Peni frowned and there seemed to be less sparkles in her eyes than before. \"I hope he's all right,\" she said. As if they had summoned him, Noir entered the room from another entrance they hadn't seen before. \"Hey fellas,\" he greeted. \"Noir!\" They all shouted at once and turned around towards him. \"Where'd you go?\" Ham asked. \"I checked the top floors before coming down here and I didn't find anything,\" he said and shrugged. \"I don't have a clue for why we were supposed to come here.\" He said. \"This place is just abandoned,\" he added. \"So, we just wasted our time?\" Peter asked. \"Well, that's great,\" he groaned. Peni hugged Noir tightly. \"I thought something bad happened to you,\" she whimpered. \"Let's just go back to May's house then,\" Gwen said. She looked ready to leave. \"I'll see you guys there.\" She shot some web and then swung away. The others followed her, leaving just Miles and Noir. Miles glanced at the black and white Spider-Man, who looked back at Miles and then after a moment started following the others. Miles stared after him before following. The faint buzzing of his Spider-Sense was still in the back of his mind and he didn't know why. But, he felt like it had something to do with Noir. Something just wasn't right. Peter's body was moving on its own, as if it were on autopilot. Every step he took was another step in the wrong direction. Even when he tried to stop himself, it seemed like he just went faster, which he hated. When he saw the rest of the Spider-Gang, he wanted to shout at them to leave and tell them to forget about him. The lies were forced out of his mouth when he started talking to them and he couldn't close his mouth to stop them. He could've sworn that he almost stopped himself from saying one sentence, but that was all he could do. He barely felt the hug that Peni gave him. The others were starting to leave and he noticed Miles looking at him. The kid had to notice that something was wrong, right? Maybe that would mean he'd be able to figure everything out and stop Peter before he did something to his friends he would regret. He left Miles behind and heard the thwip of webs as Miles followed. Miguel O'Hara knew he needed to stop Alchemax. Not just in his dimension, but other dimensions as well. And that meant going back to the beginning, Earth-67. Of course, he quickly learned that the Spider-Man of that universe was very... annoying and refused to come with him. So, he had to leave, telling himself he would come back later to convince the original Spider-Man. However, in Earth-1610, Alchemax was brewing some trouble. They had developed a mind control serum which would definitely spell out bad news for the residents of that dimension. And to make it worse, they had used it on the Spider-Man from Earth-90214. \"Lyla, when will the goober be ready for me to use again?\" He asked. The holographic assistant appeared, her glow lighting up the room. \"A few hours, maybe a day. And for the last time, it's a gizmo, not a goober!\" Miguel rolled his eyes. \"Yeah, yeah, whatever.\"[Chapter 3] That feeling of unease never left Miles as they arrived back at Aunt May's house. He wondered if the others sensed it as he did. He had also been keeping an eye on Noir, who had been silent the whole time, not partaking in the conversation they had been having during their journey back to Aunt May's. They were all sitting on the couch, watching some tv. Except for Noir, who was standing and didn't seem at all interested in the colorful images flashing across the screen like he usually was. Miles leaned over to Gwen. \"Does Noir seem off to you?\" He asked, his voice barely more than a whisper. She stole a glance at Noir, who was behind her. \"Now that you mention it, he kind of does,\" Gwen replied. \"Do you think something happened at the building? Is he not telling us something?\" Miles shrugged. \"I'm not sure. Why would he keep something from us?\" Gwen was as clueless as Miles was. \"Well, maybe he's just not be used to the whole team thing,\" she suggested. \"I'm kind of still getting used to opening up my friends' positions again.\" \"Yeah, wasn't I the first person to make the cut?\" He asked, not even bothering to keep himself from smiling. \"And it all started from me literally pulling out your hair.\" \"And my mom freaked out when she saw my hair!\" Gwen said, dropping the whisper. It was mostly because they weren't talking about Noir anymore, but it was also because she noticed him looking down at them. Her blood went cold. Had he heard them? Why did she care so much? It wasn't like Noir would ever hurt them. Why did she feel so afraid of him? Noir was their friend. Still, though, the way he had been acting, the way he looked at them. It was putting up way too many red flags. \"Is it ready now, Lyla?\" Miguel asked her. She scoffed and rolled her eyes. \"No, it's not. I already told you it would be a few hours. You're too impatient, you know that?\" She said and let out a huff. She was typing something on a screen, pulling up a video from Earth-1610. \"Nothing else major has happened yet in Earth-1610, if that's what you're really thinking.\" Miguel let out a sigh of relief. \"Good, because I wanna be there if something does happen. Just keep working on the goober.\" \"It's a gizmo!\" The Spider-Gang had gone back down to the Spider-Cave, since it was the biggest area where they could all hang out. Aunt May was drinking a cup of tea when she heard an announcement over the radio. Breaking news: The criminals who call themselves Tombstone and Scorpion have broken out jail while Wilson Fisk remains imprisoned. It is suspected that they had help from an outside force, although who or what it was remains a mystery. \"Well, looks like you all have a job to do today after all,\" Aunt May said. She turned to face the group of Spider-People, who were slipping on their masks, besides Noir and Ham, who already had their masks on. \"I guess it's go-time,\" Miles said, running to the elevator. All of the others followed him, including Noir, although he was a little slower, which didn't go unnoticed by the others. Pretty soon, they were swinging through the rooftops, just a blur of color (for most of them). The city had no idea that the group of Spider-People had returned once again. Well, they were a secret for now, at least. They stopped on a building beside the prison, looking down at the police officers below. \"Let me go in first guys, I can handle this,\" Miles said. He jumped down and used a web to stop his fall before landing on the ground. He immediately spotted his father, who seemed to be talking to the prison warden. \"Officer Davis,\" Miles greeted, making his voice deeper like a full grown adult. \"Did they find out anything else about the prison break? Miles' dad turned around to see him, not surprised to see Spider-Man there. \"Some security cameras picked up the criminals going in that direction, but we haven't caught them yet.\" \"I can go check it out,\" Miles suggested. \"I'll just scout it out if that's what you want.\" \"If you have to engage, then do it,\" Officer Davis said after a moment of thinking. Miles nodded. \"Got it,\" he said and then swung back to the rooftop with his friends on it, who were still waiting just where he had left them. \"My dad says they went that way,\" he said, pointing in the direction. They all began to swing. Peter B. followed Miles, staying close to his side. He would never admit it, but he saw Miles as if he were the son he had never had (well, he didn't have a son yet, but maybe in the future). If anything happened to the kid, he wasn't sure what he would do. That's why he dedicated himself to protect Miles. So, when he got that feeling that something bad was going to happen to the kid tonight, he decided to stay even closer to the kid, just to be on the safe side. In fact, ever since they had gotten back from checking out the Collider, he felt like something had been off. He just wasn't sure who or what it was. But if it tried to hurt Miles, there was going to be some trouble for sure. He was going to protect that kid until his final breath. Soon, they came across a bunch of warehouses, some which seemed to be abandoned. A few were locked, others were wide open. Miles wasn't sure what was in some of them, but he suspected it was nothing good since all the warehouses at the name Alchemax plastered against them. It was probably something like futuristic technological weapons or something else like that. They stopped swinging and had started to walk instead. Ham looked around at all the buildings and raised one eyebrow. \"Well, this isn't at all creepy,\" he said. The midnight sky, the calls of some sort of bird, and to add one more thing to the load of creepiness a fog had fallen over the place. \"Yeah, no kidding,\" Gwen muttered. \"I'm scanning over the area for any other heat signatures,\" Peni informed them, typing something on her screen inside of SP/dr. \"I'm not picking anything up. There isn't anyone here but us.\" \"So, we can leave then?\" Ham asked hopefully. \"I guess so. I can report back to my dad,\" Miles said. He began to walk the other direction when his spider-sense went off again, stronger than it had been all day. Panic seized him when he felt someone grab him by the back of his suit and yank him backward, keeping an arm firmly around his neck. He tried to struggle, but it was no use. \"No one takes another step.\" That's when Miles' heart fell and all the pieces fell together. The reason why Noir had seemed off. The reason his spider-sense had been warning him. That was Noir's voice. Noir was attacking him. Noir was betraying the team. Peni Parker had trusted all of her friends. She trusted them with secrets, information, anything. She trusted them with her life. So when she saw Noir grab Miles and wrap an arm around him, she could feel her trust crumbling. \"No one takes another step.\" No, no, no! Noir was supposed to be her friend. He was supposed to be someone she could confide in, someone she could trust. He was supposed to take care of her. She had begun to think of him more than just her friend, but... as a father figure. She had already lost one dad, she couldn't lose another. She had to know why he was doing this. She had to know why he was hurting them. The last thing Peni expected was for Noir to pull out the gun. Miles tried to escape from Noir, but his grip was too tight, too strong. Somehow, he had to get away. He listed ideas through his mind, trying to think of a solution. He could try to use his webs to pull a rock into his hand and bash it on Noir, but then he would end up hurting his... friend? He wasn't sure anymore. Friends don't do this to each other. Maybe... maybe it was a prank! But judging from the others expressions, it definitely was not. Then Miles saw Noir pull out his revolver and press it against his head and panic clutched his heart in its claws. He barely heard the next sentence that came out of Noir's mouth. Flashbacks of his Uncle Aaron's death came back to him. The ear-splitting BLAM of the gun, Uncle Aaron falling backward, Kingpin pointing the gun at his uncle, Miles taking Uncle Aaron away from that place. The life leaving his uncle's body. Aaron Davis' last words. You're the best of all of us Miles, you're on your way. Just... just keep going. Miles couldn't handle it. He couldn't handle it. Fear was running through his veins, causing him to hyperventilate. He could feel tears begin to well up in his eyes, covered up by his mask. However, It was easy to see he was crying. You didn't have to be an empath to see that. Miles had to find out how to get out. Peter-but-not-Peter was walking alongside his team, right behind Miles. While he was walking, the thought -or well, command- came into his mind. He wanted to stop himself, but he couldn't. Any willpower he had left was slowly fading away and he wasn't sure how much longer he would still be there. He tried to seize control of his arm as it grabbed Miles, but it was no use. The mind control serum was too powerful. He couldn't break free. \"No one takes another step.\" He heard himself say the words, but at the same time, they sounded far away, like he was underwater. \"Noir, what the heck are you doing?\" The angry, confused voice of Peter B. reached his ears. This isn't me, he wanted to say. I'd never hurt Miles. And Peni's face. Sweet, little Peni. The look on her face was sure to haunt him for forever. The heartbreak, the betrayal. She had to know that he would never willingly do this, right? If she did, she showed no sign of showing it. Her SP/dr mech took a step away from him. Horrified, he realized he was taking out his revolver and was pointing it at Miles' head. Shock and fear replaced the anger and confusion on his friends' faces. \"Nobody move or else the kid is a goner.\" He wondered, could they see how his hand was trembling? The only reason for that was that he was trying to let go of the gun so he could drop it. And maybe, for a split second, he could feel his grip on it loosen. Then it tightened again, maybe even holding it tighter than before. To make himself feel even worse, he could hear Miles' sobs, which was crushing his heart. Miles said that his uncle had died and he'd been there when it had happened. Oh man, had his uncle been shot? The kid probably had some sort of PTSD from that. That was one of the reasons he was freaking out so much. Suddenly, he felt his spider-sense activate and he turned around, seeing a portal open up. It was just like the ones that always brought them all here in the first place. Then, a Spider-Man with a dark blue suit with a red spider-emblem emerged from the portal and kicked him square in the face and he lost his grip on Miles. Another Spider-Man had arrived. Lyla's hologram popped up beside Miguel. \"Uh Miguel, you may want to see this,\" she said and pulled up a large screen that showed the Spider-Gang walking in a village of warehouses when all of a sudden Noir grabbed Miles and pointed a gun at the kids' head. \"No,\" Miguel muttered, quickening his pace. \"Is the goober ready now?\" Lyla nodded. \"Yes, it is,\" she said, her tone furious. She handed it over to him and he opened the portal up. She never even bothered to correct him on the name. Taking a few steps back, Miguel began to run towards it and he jumped into it and was beginning to aim his kick. Please, please let him not be too late. Noir crumpled to the ground, unconscious from the harsh kick to he had received. Miles had stumbled over to Peter, who had a hand on his shoulder and kept trying to calm him down. Peni scrambled out of SP/dr and cautiously approached Noir. Ham was by her side. Gwen was the only one who was looking at the strange new Spider-Man who had rescued Miles. \"Thanks, but who exactly are you?\" She asked him. He turned his head toward her. \"My name is Miguel O'Hara and I'm from the year 2099,\" he responded. \"I need you all to come with me and I can explain what happened. Bring the body,\" he said and jumped back into the portal. The others shared a glance before reluctantly following. SP/dr grabbed Noir before going in. Once they were all in, Peter asked the question. \"Okay, you gotta tell us what's going on.\" Miguel pulled up six different screens, which almost seemed like security cameras. \"When your friend went into the wreckage of the Collider, he met Olivia Octavius.\" \"Yeah, we've met,\" Peter said. \"Anyways, she took him hostage and used a mind control serum on him, forcing him to do all of these things. None of it is his fault,\" Miguel finished. \"Then we need to help him!\" Peni exclaimed. Miguel nodded \"I know. My assistant Lyla is trying to figure out a way right now, but it may take her a while,\" he said. That's when Lyla appeared next to them. \"A while? I'd like to see you do better,\" she retorted. \"I'm faster than you'll ever be!\" He sighed. \"Just keep working on it. Please?\" He added. \"Only because you used the magic word. I'll let you know if I figure something out.\"[Chapter 4] Hey guys, I'm here with an update for the story. :D It's about time, right? Hope you all enjoy this chapter! A few hours had passed by and Lyla was still unable to figure out a cure for the mind control serum. Any idea she had turned out to be not right or not good enough. She was an AI, she was supposed to have all the answers! It was rare where there was a problem that she didn't have a solution for. But she just didn't have one. It seemed like everyone was depending on her though. Miguel could probably find a solution eventually if she couldn't. At least, that's what she was hoping for. Noir was still unconscious, which was a good thing. He was also tied up by webs, just in case he did wake up and tried to attack them all. This time, they were prepared for it. None of the Spider-Gang were one hundred percent sure they would be able to fight Noir, but Miguel knew he could. It wasn't like they would kill him. Lyla glanced over at the other spider-people, who were talking with Miguel about the whole dimensional-glitching thing. \"How long are we going to have to stay here?\" Miles asked Miguel. \"Well, long enough for your friend to get fixed and to figure out a plan to stop Alchemax. It's easier said than done,\" he said gruffly. Miles didn't say anything after that. Instead, he looked over at where Noir was. Lyla was standing next to him, trying to find something to help him. Peni was sitting down beside him with SP/dr by her side. Miles felt bad for her. He knew that Peni had a closer relationship with Noir, almost like a father and daughter. It was like what he had with Peter, in a way. He hoped Noir would be ok. It was pretty dark. Peter couldn't figure out if it was because of his mind being controlled or because he had just gotten knocked out. He felt like he could hear something. It sounded like someone was whispering something, but it was too faint to hear what they were saying. He was pretty sure they had never been there before. It was probably because of the mind control serum. Thinking of that stupid serum, he still couldn't get over the fact that he had almost shot Miles. He could've killed the poor kid. If that had happened, he knew he would have never been able to forgive himself. He was just glad that the other Spider-Man had arrived when he did, or else things could've ended very differently. He preferred not to think about it. Lyla wasn't really keeping track of the time, she was just searching for a solution. She had scanned over Noir and figured out what was in the mind control serum. Knowing that she could now gather ingredients to create a counter-serum that would hopefully work. If it didn't, then it was back to the drawing board. Again. Miguel and the other Spider-People were, well, she wasn't exactly sure where they were at. She thought Miguel had said something about him taking the others to see the city, but she was pretty wrapped up in her work so she hadn't really been paying attention. She could always check for their location later. If she remembered correctly, the little girl with eyes that took up half of her head, Peni, had been reluctant to leave but the others had persuaded her to come. Lyla felt bad for the kid, she really did. Another reason to get the serum out of Noir and get him back to normal. She had her back turned for only a few moments when she heard the snapping of webs and when she turned around, Noir was conscious and had somehow broken out of the webs with unnatural strength, even for a Spider-Person. Before she could do anything, Noir aimed his gun at the very thing that was currently powering her. Then, he fired the gun and when the bullet hit its target, Lyla's world disappeared. \"-and this is the main Alchemax building, where the usual bad stuff happens,\" Miguel explained, looking at the tall skyscrapers that stood in front of them. It was bigger and a lot grander than the other buildings that were placed around it. Peni thought that the place was pretty cool, but it was no 3145. It had been a while since they had left Miguel's Spider-Cave and while she was enjoying seeing his dimension, she was still worried about Noir. Had Lyla figured out a cure yet? If she had, was it finished and ready to be used? She knew she wouldn't know the answers until they got back, and the waiting was killing her! A familiar tingling feeling began to stir inside her and she immediately recognized it as her spider-sense. It looked like the others recognized it too, because, at the same time, they all turned around. The first thing Peni spotted was a familiar silhouette staring down at them. However, she could tell he wasn't friendly. Noir jumped down from the rooftop he was standing on, shooting a web at SP/dr's feet to keep it in place. After a little bit of struggling, it was eventually able to rip itself free. Miguel wasted no time leaping into action, punching, kicking, and shooting Web at Noir, who was dodging the attacks like a robot who was just programmed to. It upset her to see her friend just a mindless drone. While Miguel hadn't hesitated, the rest of the Spider-Gang joined the fight a little more reluctantly. Even if they didn't want to fight, they had no choice. Ham wished there was a way for the situation to lighten up, but it didn't seem like there was any way to make that happen. Noir was relentless and his attacks seemed like they were aimed to kill them, which Ham wasn't a real big fan of. He pulled the gun out of Noir's hands using his webs. This was one of the many times he was grateful that he had been bitten by a radioactive pig because if he was still an itsy, bitsy, tiny spider he doubted he would be much help in something like this. He takes his trusty hammer out of his pocket and bashes it into Noir's shoulder, enough to knock him off balance, but it wasn't hard enough to pop it out of place or anything else like that. Just what he would call a little nudge. He just hopes they'll be able to stop Noir soon. Miles just wanted this fighting to stop. He wished they hadn't gone to check out the wreckage of the Collider, because then none of this would be happening right now. Then again, if it had been a normal day, would he be the one to check out the Collider? He'd be by himself, and Octavius would've definitely gotten her hands on him. The rest was something that sent chills down his spine. If Octavius had managed to capture him instead of Noir, then she'd force him to terrorize his own city and his family. He could never let that happen. While he was helping his friends try and stop Noir, he didn't notice the web from Noir's wrist fly towards him. Well, maybe he did, but he didn't see it in time. It grabbed onto his ankle and before he could do anything else, he was flung towards one of the nearby buildings. Miles doesn't have any time to grab onto anything to save himself. The only thing he could do was raise his hands in front of his face to protect it, right before he collided into the building and his vision went dark. Noir isn't sure what to do. He's tried to break free, he knows that he's tried. But the stupid serum was just too strong. He wasn't certain if his friends would be able to get him to snap out of it either. All he had was hope, which was something he had never really relied on before. The only person he had relied on was himself, really. There were a few times where he tried to stop himself, but as usual, nothing happened. However, when he slammed Miles into the building (which wasn't one of the windows) and saw the kid made no attempt to get to safety after he started to fall, something inside of him broke free. \"MILES!\" He wasn't sure if it was his voice that had shouted it or he just screamed it inside his head, but he was able to take control of one arm and shoot a string of web to catch Miles. It felt like thousands of needles were stabbing themselves into his arm and it hurt, it really did, but he wouldn't just watch Miles fall. He tugged on the web, pulling Miles up to the roof he was standing on. The moment of control only lasted a few more seconds though. Once again, he was pushed to a place where he could do nothing but watch. Peter went after Miles right away when he saw him start to fall. He raced towards the kid and extended his hands, ready to grab him. But before he could, Miles was pulled away, back towards the roof somehow. He looked to see who had caught him and he was shocked to see that it was Noir who had saved him. Now that he thought about it, he did remember someone calling out Mile's name. Had it been Noir who shouted it? He felt hope surge through him. Noir was still in there, which meant they could still save him. All they had to do was knock him out again. And last time, they had had the element of surprise. This time, they just had to face him head-on. What will happen next? Is Miles okay? Will they be able to knock out Noir again? Find out next time! Hopefully the wait isn't as long! ","Summary":" Peni Parker missed her friends from the other dimensions. She wanted to see them again so much that"},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"My Dream","Author":"Queen Serenity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1084631","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: My Dream Fandom: Dracula 2000 Stars: Dracula and Mary Summary: Pre-D2000. Mary reflects on the mysterious man in her dreams... Author: Queen Serenity Disclaimer: None of it belongs to me, though I wouldn't mind if Dracula did. ;) Title: My Dream Author: Queen Serenity Fandom: Dracula 2000 Chapter: One – The First Dream When I was little, about five I think… that's when I had the first dream of him that I remember. He was in my room, seeming to be stunned at his surroundings. Then, he saw me. At first, his eyes were pure red, and he looked as though he was going to attack me. I, being to young and naïve to know fear, showed none. This seemed to surprise him, and he calmed down, his eyes becoming relatively normal, except for the fact that his irises were a deep blood-red. He beckoned to me, and, when I went to him, he knelt so that he could speak with me. \"Who are you, little one?\" His voice was soothing, seeming to wrap around me and make me feel safe. Unhesitatingly, I answered him. \"My name is Mary. What's yours?\" He seemed to ignore my question, but, having nothing else to do, he held me close and told me stories of a time long ago, including a sad one about a beautiful princess who had thought she'd lost her prince, and had taken her own life. Finally, my mother came in to wake me. His face taking on a silent snarl, the man rose to face her, but vanished with a look of shock as she walked right through him. I kept dreaming of him, as I grew up, and I grew to fear the dreams. They weren't normal. I fear him, too, even though he can't be real. He makes me feel like there's something inside of me trying to get out, and I am helpless to resist. Who is he? I fear that if he is real, and someday he really does appear in my life, I will be unable to resist him. I will be unable to resist my dream.[Chapter 2] Title: My Dream Fandom: Dracula 2000 Stars: Dracula and Mary Summary: Pre-D2000. Mary reflects on the mysterious man in her dreams... Author: Queen Serenity Disclaimer: None of it belongs to me, though I wouldn't mind if Dracula did. ;) Title: My Dream Author: Queen Serenity Fandom: Dracula 2000 Chapter: Two – Much More When I was about thirteen, I started my period. That night, when I dreamt of him, he was staring at me with the strangest expression upon his face… then he told me that I smelled nice. I thought nothing of it at the time, though it did seem a little strange, even for him. A few days later, I got into a fight at school. It was over something trivial, I can't exactly remember what… the other girl was pissed at me over something, and I really didn't care. Anyway, the girl who I was up against, Sophie, I think her name was, had me in a headlock, her arm over the lower half of my face, and I couldn't seem to get loose. What I did next, I didn't even think about… I just wanted to get loose. I bit her. Hard. Hard enough that a small piece of her arm flesh tore off in my mouth. When the teacher got to us, the look on her face was priceless. As her horrified eyes took in the sobbing girl on the ground, holding her bleeding arm, I stood there, grinning, licking the blood from my lips. It was several minutes later, when I was sitting in principal's office, that the red haze seemed to dissipate and I found myself thinking normally once more. My punishment was a two-week suspension. When she picked me up from the school, my mother's face was stark white. When we got home, she said nothing to me… simply pointed me in the direction of my room. Now that the adrenaline had faded, I was quite tired… so I went to sleep, and met him once more. I told him of what had happened, and how it scared me. He seemed to enjoy listening to the story, and the red in his eyes seemed a bit more intense than usual. He told me that I shouldn't worry about what I'd done, that the girl had deserved it for ever considering ever laying a hand on me… he even told me that it was okay, the fact that I had actually enjoyed it. He told me that I was much more than what people saw. He told me that I was special, and, as usual, his voice soothed me. And I was comforted, for the moment, by my dream. ","Summary":" Title: My Dream Fandom: Dracula 2000 Stars: Dracula and Mary Summary: Pre-D2000. Mary reflects on t"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"Things Can't Get Weirder Now","Author":"MarvelousManiac","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13220322","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hey everyone. MarvelousManiac here. I'm just writing this note to inform you that I DO NOT OWN ANYTHING! This is completely fan-made! This is just an idea I came up with and now I'm writing this. Also, SPOILER ALERT for people who haven't watched Into the Spider-Verse. Anyways I hope you enjoy. After falling through the collider and landing in his universe, Peter B. Parker's first instinct was to make his way home. He then dressed himself up in a nice suit, bought some flowers, and went on over to MJ's to get his second chance with her. The reason he split with her in the first place was because of his fear of becoming a father. But after his time in Miles' universe, he saw the way Miles looked up to him and how much pride he gave him. Now he's not afraid of being the Dad MJ wanted him to be. And he's ready to give it another chance (if MJ would let him). He then stood a few feet away from his Ex-wife's (hopefully not Ex anymore) front door, flowers in hand, tie straightened, and webbed the doorbell to ring it. He then prepared for the worse as the door opened and MJ stepped out with a surprised look on her face. \"Peter?\" MJ questioned. \"Hey MJ.\" Peter greeted. \"Peter wha...what are you doing here?\" \"I just...I just want to talk.\" \"Peter, it's been years since you've even...\" \"I know...I know, but...something happened and...can I just come inside?\" MJ than hesitantly let her Ex inside as he handed the flowers to her and settled on the nearby couch. He then explained everything that happened to him since the dimensional rift opened in his room. \"So you're saying that you arrived in another universe where you died...\" MJ started to repeat Peter's story back. \"And was blond.\" Peter pointed out. \"...and you met with a bunch of other Spider-People from different universes?\" \"And a pig. Also, Miles was from that universe, he just got bit some time before Peter... his Peter was killed.\" \"Well, Pete, this is an interesting story, but what does this have to do with you coming over here?\" Peter than paused for a moment to go over his thoughts and then answered, \"While I explored the other New York, I saw you, not you-you, other you, at my...the other Peter's memorial, giving a speech. And the way she talked about Peter, made me think about what we used to have, and how I messed it up. Look, the point I'm trying to make is...I'm sorry. I wasn't there for you when you needed me. I didn't even try. I know I can do better. If I just had another chance to give you the bread...\" \"What?\" \"...the baby that you deserve. You wanted kids, and that scared me. Well, I'm not scared anymore. MJ, all I am asking is for you to give me another chance. Please.\" MJ was taken back from what Peter just said. She didn't know what to do, say, even think. Peter didn't even return her calls after they divorced and now all of a sudden, he just came back to her, rang her doorbell, told her some wild story, and wants to have another chance with her. \"I..uh...I'm...gonna need time to think about it.\" She finally answered. \"Oh, ok. Um...I get it. I should probably get going.\" \"Yeah, you...probably should.\" Peter was about to head out when MJ said, \"Peter.\" \"Yeah?\" \"I...you...you should probably get more exercise while you're at it.\" Peter than looked at his gut. \"Oh, yeah right. See you later.\" \"Pete...I've missed you.\" Peter than smiled as he said, \"Me too.\" And headed out. While patrolling the city as Spider-Man, Peter couldn't help but think about what happened between him and MJ. The way she looked at him, what she said, Pete didn't know what to think. He was then sitting at a rooftop, staring at his phone, waiting for a call, or text, or something. Anything. Peter than put away his phone and was about to continue swinging as he noticed something strange about the sky. It looked at bit...glitchy. Like...inter-dimensional glitchy. Then suddenly, from the sky came a dimensional rift that spat out a glitchy figure. Peter than saw the figure land on a nearby rooftop as he swung on over there. Peter didn't know who or what came out of the portal, all he knew is that it could be either, 1. A test subject of an experiment involving some other collider or 2. Another Spider-Man or Woman or...thing that got themselves into this universe via collider. Peter than landed on the rooftop he saw the figure land as he walked towards it. It was hard to tell with all the glitching, but Spidey could definitely tell that it was a person. The glitching then started to fade as the figure became more visible. It was definitely a female according to the body shape. Unless it was a very feminine man? Wait, that can't be right. Peter than stepped on the figure's...leg? It was still hard to tell with the glitching. Also, whatever Peter was stepping on, was really squishy. Almost like...The glitching than stopped as the figure was revealed and Spidey jumped back. The thing thing he was stepping on was revealed to be one of four octopus-like arms attached to the back of a woman Peter was least expecting. \"Olivia Octavius?\" Peter questioned.[Chapter 2] A/N: Just to let you guys know, I WILL be switching POVs between chapters. Some chapters will have Peter's POV and others will have Olivia's. BTW, what do guys think of the Peter B x Olivia Octavius ship? I feel I'm the only one who ships it, but I want to know how you guys feel about it. Anyways, onto the chapter! Olivia \"Liv\" Octavius AKA the Doctor Octopus of Miles' universe, didn't remember much after getting hit by that truck during the battle with the collider. All she could remember was falling into it. And the more she fell, the more she felt her body degenerate or glitch , to put it simply. She didn't think the falling would stop, until she blacked out and woke up someplace else. Where she woke up, was a place she least expected. She could of expected to wake up in a street somewhere. Or on a rooftop. Maybe even inside a dumpster near an alleyway. But instead, she woke up in a bedroom strapped to a bed. She then struggled to free herself, but it was no use. Not even her octopus arms were doing her any good. Then suddenly, the bedroom door opened and in came someone she didn't expect. The older, brown haired, fatter version of her enemy, Peter Parker AKA Spider-Man. \"You!\" She exclaimed. \"Good morning, Ms. Octavius.\" Peter B Parker greeted the female version of one of his enemies. \"Or are you married to someone named Octavius? You know what, I don't care.\" Peter than sat down in a chair as he pulled out a burger out of the bag he was holding and took a bite. \"Why did you bring me here?!\" \"Well first off, I couldn't just leave you in the middle of the city where you could cause havoc. And two, people would freak out if another octopus appeared out of nowhere.\" Peter than took another bite of his burger. \"Man this burger is good! Want some?\" \"Once I free myself from this bed, I will tear you limb from limb!\" \"Doc, I would love to see you try!\" \"Oh, I will! And once I...\" Olivia than felt pain all over her body as she started to glitch out. \"Yeah I've been there before. Your body's just gonna keep on glitching and glitching until you die. And I, for one, can't wait to watch.\" Olivia than growled at Peter using her own words against her. \"But as a hero, I'm afraid that I'm gonna have to help you. If you promise not to harm anyone.\" \"What?\" \"Quite simple really. All you have to do not commit any crime and in return, I'll help you get back to your universe. How does that sound?\" \"I will never...\" Olivia than glitched out again. \"Fine. Get me out of this bed.\" Peter than unstrapped Olivia from the bed. Olivia, being the smart one, decided to hide away her octopus arms. Peter than showed her around his apartment. \"Ok, so there is some food in the fridge. And here's the bathroom if you need to...you know. And there should be store not far from here where we can get you some clothes so you don't have to wear mine because that would be weird. Also, you're sleeping on the couch.\" \"So what? I'm your roommate now?\" \"For the time being. Only until we find a way to bring you home so you can cause as much havoc as you want.\" \"Very well. But I won't promise I'll like it here. This place is a mess.\" \"Hey, I'll have you know that my New York is just about the same as yours.\" \"I was talking about your room.\" Peter's phone than dinged as he got a message from MJ. The message read, \"Meet me at Mick's.\" Mick's was where Peter and MJ used spend most of their dates at. So choosing to go to this place meant good news...right? \"Listen, I'll be back. Stay here and don't touch anything!\" Peter told Olivia. \"Sure thing, Peter.\" Olivia said. \"Liv, I mean it.\" \"No I get it. I'll stay right here not mess with anything.\" \"You better.\" Peter than headed out as Olivia just sat on the couch and decided to watch some TV.[Chapter 3] Peter's POV Peter than arrived at Mick's like MJ told him to. He then saw MJ sitting at a table near the entrance. He took a deep breath and joined MJ at that table. He was nervous, but didn't know why. If it was at a restaurant you used to go to, then it would mean good news...right? \"So...\" MJ said nervously. \"So...\" Peter said just as nervous. \"I've been thinking about things.\" \"And...\" \"I...I don't even know what to say. I mean, you haven't called or texted me in years since we divorced.\" \"I know and...\" \"And all because you didn't want kids.\" \"I'm aware. But...\" \"And now all of a sudden you just show up at my doorstep with some sort of crazy story...\" \"I know! It all sounds crazy! Heck, I experienced the whole thing and even I think it's crazy! This is all a lot to take in! Different universes, different Spider-People, it's all nuts, but it's all true! Look, the point is, after all I've been through, I'm not afraid anymore. I want another chance to give you the kids you deserve. And I'm willing to face the consequences. And if that's not enough, then I might as well walk on out of here.\" MJ than sat there in silence for a moment before saying, \"Peter I...alright.\" \"Alright?\" \"You have your second chance.\" Peter than smiled in excitement. \"So uh, when or where are we...\" \"Tomorrow, I'll head on over to your place and...\" \"NO!\" \"Why?\" \"I mean...I don't really clean my apartment that often, so let's just do it at your place.\" \"Ok?\" \"I'll see you tomorrow!\" Peter than ran out of the restaurant as he raised his arms and cheered in victory. He noticed some people walking by staring but he just ignored them and continued dancing in victory. MJ couldn't help but laugh at what Peter was doing. Peter than walked on home as he couldn't wait for what might happen tomorrow. Peter than arrived in his apartment, humming in excitement. \"I can't tell you what a great day I'm having, Olivia.\" He said. \"I've had just been given a second chance to give my wife a baby! Ok that is weird to say out loud, but you know what, I don't care. Why, because starting tomorrow, I'm gonna be a Dad!\" Peter than noticed there was no response. \"Olivia? Liv? Olivia Octavius?\" Peter than walked around his apartment to look for Olivia. He then noticed one of his windows were opened. He then ran to the window and looked out of it to see the fire escape with the ladder pulled down. \"Oh no.\" Olivia's POV Olivia was walking throughout the streets of New York, looking for a place where she can get parts to build her a device to stabilize her atoms enough for her to stop glitching, because she was getting tired of that. She noticed some people staring at her because of what she was wearing, but she just ignored them and continued on. She then heard some web slinging from behind her and knew who was coming before he yelled, \"Olivia!\" Spider-Man that landed next to her and he began to walk along with her. \"What are you doing out here?! You shouldn't be out here!\" \"Relax, I didn't pull any of my arms out.\" Olivia said annoyed. \"Yeah, but going out without something to cover your Doc Ock getup? I thought you were supposed to be smart?\" \"As far as everyone is concerned, I'm heading to a costume party.\" \"What about you glitching? You think people will just ignore that?\" \"Ok, that's actually a good point. But it hasn't happened yet so... \" Olivia than started glitching as a bunch of people stared in shock. Peter than stepped in front of Olivia to block the glitching from everyone's sight. \"Nothing to see here people. She's just, uh...having a seizure. So I better take her to a doctor.\" Spidey than grabbed Olivia and quickly swung to the nearest door to set her down. \"Seizure?\" Olivia asked in concern. \"What was I supposed to say?\" Peter questioned. \"'This woman is from a different dimension, which is why she appears to be glitching'?\" \"Fair point.\" \"Listen, I don't like you and you don't like me, but whether you like it or not, you have to stick with me if you don't wanna get caught. Understand?\" \"Alright, Dad.\" \"I mean it, Liv!\" Olivia than sighed and said, \"Fine.\" \"Good, now first things first, we need to find you proper clothes. Then, I can take you where ever you like. How does that sound?\" \"Sounds good, I guess.\" \"Good, now hold on.\" Peter than held onto Olivia as he swung on over to the clothing store to get some proper clothes for her.[Chapter 4] Peter's POV After bringing Olivia to the clothing store, Peter, first off, got back in his normal clothes, and then searched for any clothes that would appeal to Liv. He remembered seeing her wearing (besides the lab coat) some sort of hipster-type clothing, so he just gave her some clothes that hipsters would wear. She didn't seem to have them, so he assumed she liked them. She then went into the dressing room to try out all the clothes and present them to Peter. \"Could you maybe hurry up in there?!\" Peter complained. \"You're taking forever!\" \"I can only get dressed so fast!\" Olivia said from inside the dressing room. \"I'm almost convinced you aren't getting dressed at all! You haven't presented me with anything !\" \"These just don't look that good on me! What do you want me to do?\" \"Just show me whatever you put on next!\" \"Fine!\" Olivia than put on the next pieces of clothing and stepped right on out. She was dressed in women's jeans, a white shirt with a red button up shirt over top, a hipster type scarf, brown women's boots. Peter couldn't help but be amazed by how good Olivia looked. \"Wow.\" Peter said. \"You look...good.\" \"Yeah right.\" Olivia said. \"No, I'm serious! You're just...wow.\" Olivia couldn't help but blush at Peter's compliment. She rarely got those back in her universe (probably because of her reputation as Doc Ock). \"Th-Thanks.\" Olivia thanked Peter for the compliment. Olivia's POV They then payed for the clothes as Peter continued to give Olivia the tour of his New York. It was relatively similar to her New York, but it also had some key differences. Like how certain products are named differently, like \"Koda-Soda\" being called \"Coca-Cola\". Or how certain buildings that were supposed to be there weren't there. It was all a lot to take in. There were so many questions flowing through her head. Was their history the same? Was it different? Where was she in this dimension? Olivia than felt her stomach growl over the hunger of food. \"You ok?\" Peter asked as he saw her pat her stomach. \"I'm fine. I just don't think I've eaten since I arrived here.\" Olivia explained. \"Hey, not to worry, I know this good pizza place, I think you'll like it.\" Peter than led Olivia to a pizza place called \"Joe's Pizza\", which he apparently used to work at. Peter than ordered 2 large pizzas, one being meat lovers, and the other being veggie (because Olivia was a vegetarian). They then sat at a table outside and enjoyed their pizza. \"Jeez, can you get any fatter?\" Olivia questioned as Peter gobbled down his meat lovers. \"You ate like, half of the pizza already.\" \"What? This is good!\" Peter said with his mouth full. \"You know, the least you could do on a date is have some table manners.\" \"This isn't a date. This is just a dinner between friends.\" \"We're friends?\" \"I call you 'Liv' don't I?\" \"You call me Liv to show that you're serious about things. Not because we're friends.\" \"Well if you're gonna be living in the apartment with me, we're gonna have to be friends.\" \"Hm. Fair enough. Friends and nothing more.\" Olivia than held out her hand for a hand shake. \"Deal.\" Peter than shook her hand. \"You know, you never told me what exactly you were doing when you left.\" \"Hm? Oh, MJ told me to meet her so we could talk.\" \"About what?\" \"Whether or not we could have a child.\" \"And I see you both agreed.\" Olivia than moved her eyes over towards Peter's gut. \"Haha. Very funny.\" \"How do you feel about being a father?\" \"Well, I'm actually kind of excited. But, at the same time a little nervous.\" \"Does your Aunt May know?\" Olivia's question than put a sad expression on Peter's face. \"What? What's wrong?\" \"Aunt May is dead.\" \"Oh, P-Peter I-I didn't know.\" \"It's alright, Liv.\" \"Well, w-what happened? How did she die?\" \"Sniper. Took a bullet straight through the heart. I wasn't fast enough to save her.\" \"Where did you burry her?\" Peter's POV Peter than decided to take Olivia to Aunt May's grave, right next to Uncle Ben's. Peter than laid down flowers next to the grave. \"After my Uncle Ben died, Aunt May was the only one I had left. And now that she's gone, I'm not entirely sure what to do. After she died, I felt like killing the ones who killed her. I felt like trading my soul to the devil just to see her again. But, instead, I moved on. That's the thing about life, sometimes you just have to let go and just...move on.\" The two than stood in silence as they looked upon Aunt May's grave. Olivia than decided to break the silence. \"You know, in my dimension, me and May used to be good friends. Of course, you-I mean...Peter didn't like the idea because I was a criminal. He wasn't at all convinced that I'd changed my ways. And I didn't. But May, well she believed there was good in me. That was until I was revealed and...we drifted apart.\" Olivia than started to burst in tears as Peter comforted her with a hug and a pat on the back. Olivia than started to glitch in the middle of her crying. \"Come on, Liv.\" Peter said. \"Let's go before someone sees you.\"[Chapter 5] Olivia's POV Dear Journal, it has been about two days since I've arrived in this dimension. It's so different from mine. I wish I could learn more about it. This universe's Peter has been taken care of me since I've arrived. He's given me proper clothes, provided me food, he even helped me to create this device on my wrist to stabilize my atoms so I don't glitch as much. Despite our differences, he and I have become good friends. I have yet to know wether or not he's told anyone about me. He went off yesterday to do the whole \"birds and bees\" thing with his \"ex-wife\" so that he could provide her with the baby he never did. It's almost cute the way he cares. \"Wait what?\" Olivia questions herself aloud. Olivia than erased the last part of the note in frustration as she continued writing. He's probably at the hospital to get MJ a pregnancy test by now. I don't know when he'll be back. Peter's POV \"Congratulations, your gonna have a baby.\" The doctor says with a smile on his face. MJ than screams in excitement as Peter celebrated with her. \"I'm gonna be a Dad!\" Peter exclaimed. \"I know!\" MJ said. Peter than walked MJ home as he kissed her goodbye and headed back to his apartment where he was greeted by Olivia sitting on his couch. \"Good, your back.\" Olivia said almost sarcastically. \"You noticed I was gone?\" Peter questioned. \"Surprisingly, yes.\" \"Anyways, me and MJ just got back from a pregnancy test.\" \"And?\" \"We're having a kid!\" \"Good for you.\" \"Thanks.\" \"And I assume Mary Jane still doesn't know about me.\" \"No...why?\" \"Just wondering.\" \"Ok. How's your goober working?\" \"It's not a 'goober'. It's a gizmo.\" \"What's the difference? I mean, there's always a gizmo, a what-cha-ma-call-it, and a who-even-cares thing, so I just call it a goober.\" \"I swear you sound a lot like your Aunt May.\" \"Speaking of which, when you mentioned that you were friends with your universe's May, it made me think of this universe's you, which was also a friend of my Aunt May.\" \"Really?\" \"Yeah. Also, this may sound weird, but in this dimension your a guy...\" \"Wait what?\" \"...and you and May were a little more than just friends...\" \"What?!\" \"...so the question I'm asking is...were you and May ever...\" \"Oh my God! No! Just no! Ew!\" \"Just making sure.\" \"I'm a man?!\" \"Yep.\" \"Ok I'm just not gonna question this. I don't wanna know more about it.\" \"You and May almost got married.\" \"I said no more!\" Peter couldn't help but laugh as Olivia punched his shoulder. The two than sat in silence for a minute before talking again. \"So, now that the weird stuff is out of the way, what do you hope your child to be?\" Liv asked. \"Well, I'm kinda hoping for it to be a girl.\" \"Really?\" \"Yeah.\" \"And what are you going to name this 'little girl'?\" \"Well, one things for sure, we're not gonna name her 'Olivia'.\" Olivia than laughed at Peter's quirky joke. \"Then what are you gonna name her?\" \"Well, I was hoping maybe...May.\" Olivia than sat silent for a moment and said, \"I like May.\" \"In that case, if we ever get a girl, we'll name her May.\" \"You better!\" \"Ok, Mom.\" \"What did you call me?\" \"Nothing, Liv! Nothing!\" ","Summary":" A/N: Hey everyone. MarvelousManiac here. I'm just writing this note to inform you that I DO NOT OWN"},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"His immortal kiss","Author":"HaliiGraceeMaee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7480567","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When I was a young girl, my mother used to tell me stories of this monstrous been who has terrorized her, made her go completely mad. After she would tell me theses horrific tales, he would come to me in my dreams, come up behind me, kiss my neck tenderly he mesmerized me in every humanly possibly. He made my heart beet so fast I could hardly breath, with every glance into his eyes my heart would unfold. I had fallen in love with the devil himself, a complete monster, a treacherous been, nor he was non of these things in my eyes. In my eyes he was perfection, a work of art. Absolutely astounding. I had fallen in love with a complete . and total monster. I had fallen in love with Dracula..[Chapter 2] When I was a young girl, my mother used to tell me stories of this monstrous been who has terrorized her, made her go completely mad. After she would tell me theses horrific tales, he would come to me in my dreams, come up behind me, kiss my neck tenderly he mesmerized me in every humanly possibly. He made my heart beet so fast I could hardly breath, with every glance into his eyes my heart would unfold. I had fallen in love with the devil himself, a complete monster, a treacherous been, nor he was non of these things in my eyes. In my eyes he was perfection, a work of art. Absolutely astounding. I had fallen in love with a complete . and total monster. I had fallen in love with Dracula.. RING RING, the bell rang, I went and took my seat in Mr. Bradley's room. His class was always the most boring, talking with such a monotone voice made me want to shoot myself. Today was my 17'th birthday and to be honest , It just seemed like a normal day except the fact that perfect strangers were hugging me in the hallway which kinda freaked me out. I was so tired, I hadn't slept that night, I kept having this recurring dream that this man, dressed in all black, pale white skin, dark hair, and piercing green eyes. I dreamt of him as a child, but nevermore. He always comes up behind me, kisses my neck and hand. And says some word's that were in some language that I had never heard. All I wanted to so was sleep. He wasn't looking over at my side of the room so I just decided to sleep, I mean it was my birthday after all. I dosed off for about 15 minutes, but only to dream about him. This man, this thing, everything about him screamed danger. But I never listen, I walked up to him, and asked him who he was, all he said was Anna, and then half way smiled, then BAM! My teacher hit a ruler aginst my desk and before he could give me a good yell, the bell rang. I was getting the hell out of ther, so I got in my car and left. I already knew what my mother was getting me for my birthday, a beautiful grand piano, I have played piano and sang since.. well as long as I can remember. She wasn't gonna be home for a hour or so, and all I wanted to do was get my hands on those keys. So I went looking.[Chapter 3] So after venturing through my house, i found nothing. Absolutely nothing. I completely gave up. I decided to get my most favorite thing in the world, Kool-Aid. When i accidentally dropped the lid,I went chasing after it, the damn thing wouldn't stop rolling. When the son of a bitch stopped rolling I bent over to pick it up when my elbow hit something then this huge, i mean huge vault opened. My immediate thought is,\" My piano has to down here I will be damned if it's not\". As i glimpsed down this gigantic staircase, which I couldn't even see the bottom. Despite every bone in my body told me not to go down there, I sill rushed down those stairs. Everything was dark, but a bunch of candles were lit, that didn't exactly help me being freaked out. After what seemed like hours of walking down steps, I reached the bottom. And there is was, my very one grand piano. It was amazing in every single way, I ran over there as fast as my long legs could. I opened it and immediately after i sat down, my fingers hit the keys and I began to play, My voice just followed along right afterwords. I gave it my everything, I sang with all the passion I ad ever had, I let it all out. I was so caught up in the moment I couldn't hear anything around me. I didn't see anything, nor did I want too, all i wanted to do was sing, sing til the day my heart pumped it's last pint of blood. I wanted to stay in this moment of time for forever. ","Summary":" When I was a young girl, my mother used to tell me stories of this monstrous been who has terrorize"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"The Life of Abby Mallard: The Story Of A Ugly Duckling","Author":"I Heart Abby and Disney","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12121868","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey Guys just to let you know there might be somethings in this story you will not understand or work well this universe so please that there might a few of bits in this story. The Ugly Duckling and Disney's Chicken Little does not belong to me because I clearly make excellent stories or animated features. Based Disney's Chicken Little,The Ugly Duckling and other Chicken Little themed fan fictions. The Life of Abby Mallard: The Story Of A Ugly Duckling This is a story of a girl who lived of pain,love,regret,misery and lots of more. She wasn't the prettiest birds on the outside but on the inside she had a heart of gold. Anyway on to our tale. Chapter 1: New Beginnings Now here is where our story begins at a beautiful penthouse in Paris where a egg was about to be hatch. Her mother and father were as beautiful on outside as kind on the inside, her mother looks like the supermodel. Their names were Rick and Bella .She had beautiful sapphire blue eyes along with a barbie-like figure, her feathers and long wavy beautiful hair were a stunning pure shimmering white, she wore a ruby red vest top,some leather jeans and ruby red high heels with a sapphire bracelet. She was sweet and innocent yet she also bold,daring,smart and not afraid to fight or speak her mind. Her father had the same pure white shimmering feathers and gorgeous hair as his wife,he wore a leather black hoodie with some nice looking jeans along the coolest trainers. Even though he looked tough was overprotective of his family,strong and sometimes fierce he was also a huge softie,kind and friendly. They had already finished decorating their new child's room, they weren't sure if their child would be a boy or girl because they didn't want to know until the baby was born so they buy lots of baby stuffs that both a girl or a boy would like. The room was beautiful, painted on the walls were rainbows,flowers,spaceships,fairys,aliens,mermaids,superheroes next a beautiful palace under the sea with dolphins, the room was like a kids's paradise it was like a fairytale come to life. They made a comfy nest for the baby to sleep until was born. All the sudden the egg started to hatch slowly then gently popped out a baby girl with little buckteeth. She had brown feathers, her long beautiful wavy brunette hair was loose,she also had hazel brown eyes and a duck beak. They named her Abby. Shyly She hid behind the nest she looked frightened she didn't anything about her world after all she was only newborn baby, her mother giggled slightly. She smiles warmly at her bundle of joy ,the little duckling stared at her mum as she soon realized that she wasn't going to do her no harm. She crawled over to her mum and smiled, her mum Bella gently grabbed her baby girl and held her close. Her mother sang her a lullaby as she rocked her baby gently (The lovers,the dreamers and me reprise from The Muppets Movie 2005). 2 year later It had been two years Abby had became extremely close to her parents, she learned karate,kung fu and boxing for self-defence. Every since she first born she had a locket with a picture of her parents. She loved dance,acting and singing. She adored her parents, they would make smile, laugh when she was sad or depressed it was wonderful they always there for her all times especially at her darkest moments. One day invasion happened all of Paris went and covered for shelter. Abby and her family went inside a bomb shelter as earth shattering bombs fell from the sky. Gun were shootings, explosives were dropped Abby could hear the frightening,ear breaking sounds as she huddled in the corner of the bomb shelter cuddling her parents tightly. Her eyes were filled with fear, her body shaking out of fright. Her parents stared at her anxiously as they thought in the order for her safety they must get her to leave to somewhere safe after all the bomb shelter wasn't strong enough for 3 people to be in also longer Abby stay there was high chance she would died. As they hugged her they whispered \"Go Abby go, it isn't safe here\". Abby looked at her parents sadness and shock, she shouted \" No! I'm not leaving you!\". \"It's the only way!\" her dad argues back at his daughter. \"I don't care!\" she screamed in protest. After a couple minutes of arguing she sighed in defeat ,her eyes brimming with tears \" I guess you're right well bye mum,bye dad\" she mummer sadly. Her mum replied \"We will always love you and we will never forget you, Now go!\". Abby hugged her parents tighter than ever before. As Abby left she try stop herself from looking back, ears were already stemming down her cheeks as well as fact that her eyes were filled with depression she didn't want to give herself more but she couldn't stop herself from looking. She ran as fast as she could,not turning back because she didn't know what else she could Turkey Lurkey the mayor of a town called Oakley Oaks was here in the city of Paris on a vacation. As he saw Abby he thought she was an orphan because she just standing there all alone without her parents or anyone , also she looked homeless her hair in her usual braids covered with cinders and cobwebs from the bomb shelter,her face slightly muddy but it wasn't that noticeable,wearing her red t-shirt with the Avengers team on it,it covered with mud and ashes from the fire so you couldn't noticed the red or the Avengers team,her shorts were messy and her red and black glow in the dark trainers given on her birthday had huge holes in them after 1 year's wear. As Turkey Lurkey walked up to Abby she stared in surprise and asked \"Who are you?\". \"I am Turkey Lurkey mayor of Oakley Oaks, where are your parents?\" he asked kindly. Abby suddenly huddled into a ball sobbing tears stemming through her clothes. He realized what had happened \" Oh your parents died..\" As he finished his sentence without thinking he said \" and to think they might survive if they risked their lives to save you\" he sighed sadly. Abby suddenly felt in spring of terrible guilt in stomach, she felt like that if she didn't exist her parents might still alive, she wasn't certain actually if her parents were dead but the thought still hurted her, even if they were still alive the thought of them almost dying because of her made her feel like she didn't deserve to even be alive. \"Is it all my fault if they are dead\" She asked, her eyes filled with tears. Turkey Lurkey stared with sympathy Abby at she looked up at him, her face filled with hurt, he knew that it too harsh even for him to not at the very least try to make her feel her better for crying now loud her parents had died. He hugged her gently and looked at her tear soaked face as he told her sweetly \" It's okay you couldn't do anything, come let get you cleaned up back at the orphanage\" as he took her with him back to Oakley Oaks to the orphanage where little did she know her adventure was only just beginning . To be continued ( The next chapter will be coming very soon, hope you enjoy bye) ","Summary":" Hey Guys just to let you know there might be somethings in this story you will not understand or wo"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"Daddy Dearest","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12235198","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Daddy Dearest Daddy dearest You stuck by me through thick and thin And for that I Chicken Little thank you Earning the town's scorn as the town outcast For believing that the sky was falling When at the time it wasn't but now it is Now we must save the world and town together ","Summary":" Daddy Dearest Daddy dearest You stuck by me through thick and thin And for that I Chicken Little th"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"Charli Cheetah","Author":"TRikiD","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11840576","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Did anyone else know that Fish was actually inspired off of Kenny from South Park? Pretty cool fact about Fish, huh? Anyway, here's my first Chicken Little fanfic, and it IS a bit of a FishxOC story. Hope you enjoy. Charli Cheetah Chapter 1 – Track Sign-Up Why is one truly the loneliest number? Well, maybe you should ask Fish that. Why ask HIM? Because ever since the whole misunderstanding with Kirby and his entire alien species nearly vaporizing the whole planet, Chicken and Abby have hooked up; even Runt was busy with Foxxy…so Fish was alone. And it certainly didn't help that all couples were together on this Valentine's Day, despite being a bit cold and cloudy. Mutton Class was about to start, but since Mr. Woolinsworth was late, all the kids in his class were exchanging Valentine's…including Fish's own friends…and he never got any, as the poor thing sat alone at the back of the class. Poor Fish watched with sorrow as his friends and other classmates all received little candies and cards from their sweethearts; it almost made Fish HE had a sweetheart of his own. Fish may be cute and innocent…but he doesn't like being alone. Suddenly, every student sat down and went quiet in the blink of an eye, as if they sensed something was coming; that something was Mr. Woolinsworth. \"Good morning, Class. Now, before we begin another excitingly educated mutton class—I would like to introduce a new student,\" the British sheep announced calmly as he walked into the class, and he then squinted down at his clip-board to find the new student's name. \"Ah, yes! Here you are; come on in. Class, I would like for you to give a polite welcome to Charligne Cheetah.\" Everyone, including Fish, was intrigued enough to look up at the classroom door, and what walked in slowly was their new classmate. She was in deed a slim, long and fluffy-tailed, speckled cheetah; she wasn't very tall, though; nearly Abby Mallard's height. Charligne didn't wear any shoes, not that many of the citizens in the town wore shoes either; she wore a dark blue jacket, a pair of sapphire faded jeans, a dark purple back-pack upon her back, and she wore a pair of thin, oval-shaped, light brown glasses over her bright brown eyes; she also had long locks of flowing hair that reached her mid-back that had stripes and spots that matched her body fur pattern. \"Hey guys, I'm the exchange student…f-from South Africa, and…well, as you can tell, I don't like public speeches,\" Charligne announced with a sheepish smile and a slight blush. Her stage fright only caused a few of the students to quietly chuckle and snicker, but Foxxy has changed, and she hated seeing others get bullied. \"Now, listen here! Ya'll better lay off a' her! Why, she looks as sweet as a pie, so you be nice to her!\" \"Quite right, Foxxy. Calm down, Class. Now, Charligne, if you would please take a seat next to…well, it seems the only other empty seat is by Fish Out of Water,\" Mr. Woolinsworth claimed firmly, and Charligne pulled a little on her back-pack straps before sighing away her fright of being in a new class, and she slowly walked to the back of the class towards this 'Fish' character. Soon, she saw the only fish in the class, so she swung her pack under her desk while awkwardly taking her seat…which was next to Fish's desk. But Charligne didn't want to miss this chance to try and make a friend. \"Hi, I'm Charligne Cheetah…but you can just call me Charli. You're Fish, right?\" Charli whispered with a smile, as she extended a paw for Fish to grab. At first, Fish was surprised she was this eager to meet him, but he soon shrugged it off and shook her paw with a smile. \"That scuba helmet is really cool,\" Charli whispered with excitement, as she accidentally tapped the glass of Fish's helmet, forgetting he was a fish, and Fish was put in a daze. \"Charligne, do NOT tap on Fish's helmet; they do not like that at all!\" Mr. Woolinsworth suddenly exclaimed, and Fish nodded at Charli with a dry expression. \"Oh, sorry…anyway, it must be interesting being a fish that walks freely on land, huh? You know what? I envy you; you're unique; you really are a fish out of water…but the good kind.\" Fish bubbled a quiet thank you with a nod and a smile. \"You're welcome; it's nice making friends like you, Fish. Hey, ya wanna hang out later?\" Charli asked with a smile, and Fish nodded in response. After the school day was over, the sky was STILL full of heavy clouds, but the clouds weren't heavy for long when it just started raining; the rain wasn't harsh, but it wasn't a gentle shower either. But Charli was unaware of the rain, as she and Fish were walking together towards the front doors of the school…but that was Charli suddenly stopped and stared at the hall's bulletin board. And Fish was confused as to what she was looking at, so he turned and assumed she was looking at…the sign-up sheet for school track. \"You can quite starin, Kid…'cause I'VE already got the winning in the bag.\" Fish and Charli turned in surprise with the sudden voice; approaching them was the jock team of middle-school: the spotted leader Charlie Cheetah, the white, punk-rock rabbit Rachel Rabbit, and the grey, buff and big-headed Harley Horse. \"Who are you?\" Charli questioned, not knowing them since she was a new student there. \"Well, I'm obviously the WINNER and LEADER of the up-coming track team—so don't even think about signin' up for try-outs, ya little runt,\" Charlie growled in a dark voice while glaring down at Charli. But Fish wasn't going to let anyone talk to his friend like that, so he suddenly started angrily ranting. \"Whoa! Watch you're language, little fish-kid!\" Rachel said with a sneer, after she and the boys were all surprised by Fish's 'colorful' language. \"Yeah…or else I'll STUFF YA INSIDE YER HELMET!\" Harley shouted while punching his front hooves together to look scary. \"Hey, hey, hey. It's ok, guys. Who are WE ta crush competitive spirit? Even if it IS pointless. Alright Kid, I honestly don't care if you try out for track. Know why? …Because no one EVER beats me—so be prepared to lose what little dignity you have,\" Charlie explained with an evil grin, but that was when he and his friends then grabbed a pen and signed their names on the sign-up sheet. \"See ya there, runt!\" Charlie called back as he and his buddies left the building, and they all laughed at his remark. Fish was concerned for Charli, and he questioned what she would do next in a blurble. \"There's only one thing for me TO do, Fish—and that's to prove those three wrong,\" Charli replied firmly as she also grabbed the pen, and she wasted no time in filling her name in right below Charlie and his friends' names. Fish let out a worried bubbling. \"I'm doing this, whether you're with me or not, Fish…but the support would be nice.\" Fish was of course a bit reluctant about this, but he soon smiled and bubbled a yes. \"Really? You'll help me? Oh, thanks, Fish!\" Charli said with happiness, as she then suddenly hugged Fish, in which he was taken by surprise at first…he even blushed a little. But Charli soon realized what she was doing, and so she let go while chuckling and smiling nervously; she was also blushing. \"U-uh…sorry about that. I…guess I didn't know how else to react…but with that being said, I need ta get training. C'mon, Fish!\" Charli started softly, but then she gained confidence, and Fish was soon following her out of the building. But just when Fish got out into the rain, he skidded to a halt and looked back to find a traumatized-looking Charli still under the school's roof. So, Fish bubbled a question as to why she wasn't moving. \"Well, I-I…I…I'M SCARED OF WATER, OK?!\" Charli whimpered as she suddenly gripped her ears and pulled on them with intense fear. But Fish then let out a reassuring blurble while beckoning for Charli to just step outside. \"Fish, I'm very grateful that you want to help me…but I just don't know.\" Charli then just couldn't bring herself to get wet, so she sighed sadly, and she grabbed out and opened a black umbrella from her back-pack. And as she walked out into the rain with umbrella in hand and Fish following her, the scuba helmet-wearing gold fish blurbled his argument. \"Yes, Fish, I KNOW I should get over it, but…I've always had bad experiences with water as a kitten…but I'm still flattered that you just want to help,\" Charli stated softly, and Fish sadly nodded in agreement, \"but hey, maybe you can bring your friends to watch the track try-outs? I'd like to meet your friends, anyway. Again, it was nice meeting you, Fish; see ya later.\" With that, Charli ran off into the rain to get home…but Fish stayed right there; with a slight blush on his scaly face, as he thought about Charli…and his crush on her. Sorry that there are two cheetah characters named with a somewhat same name, but for those who are confused, CHARLIE is the bully, ad CHARLI is Fish's love interest. Ok? OK. So, what do you think will happen? What will happen for Charli when she tries out for track? And what will happen to Fish now that he has a crush on Charli? Only time will tell. Until the next chapter, I'm TRikiD, bye-bye! ","Summary":" Did anyone else know that Fish was actually inspired off of Kenny from South Park? Pretty cool fact"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"True Beauty","Author":"Seiji and Shizuku 4ever","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5059457","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Ah, I remember when Chicken Little first came out. I don't think I was ever obsessed about something than I was with CL. I literally begged my mother to let me go see it, and I found ways to fit the Chicken Little characters into everyday conversations. I'm sure my friends were sick of me, LOL. And when I got the DVD I watched it so much I could quote EVERYTHING everyone said. I'd be sitting there saying lines along with the movie and everyone would tell me to shut up. XD I just wanted to write a special oneshot about my fave character on Chicken Little in memory of the greatest movie of all time. Please, guys, no flames and I hope you like it. For most of my life, I've always felt like I was different. From the day I walked into Middle School for the first time to be met with snickers and exclamations of, \"Have you seen anything uglier?\" and from that day forward, I've always felt less of myself. I became self-conscious in front of others and found myself envying drop-dead gorgeous women I saw on TV and in magazines. But that all disappeared when I met my best friend, Chicken Little. I found that I could be myself around him, and that he wouldn't judge me. He'd put up with me through the tough times and the good times, and, as we grew closer, I developed a deep fondness for Chicken Little and found a true friend in him. Him having his own problems, I vowed to help ease his burdens as he'd unknowingly done to me. I found the source of CL's sadness (which was his desire to please his father, who had become distant ever since the sky-falling incident) and poured into Modern Mallard magazines; as I did, trying to give CL comfort. But later I found out that I had just been interfering. I had no right to fight his battle...but at least, I thought, I could help him fight it. I showed him every article about closure with parents and tried to help him get over his embarrassment about the whole sky falling incident. But now I know that I had not been doing all that for Chicken Little. No, unfortunately, I had been doing all that for myself. I wanted to be needed and wanted to find a purpose in life. I wanted to matter. I wanted to make a change. Everything I had done was for my own selfish purposes. But, I really DID want to help my best friend in any way I could. But, most of all, I wanted to feel beautiful. But now...now I feel even more beautiful than those girls on magazines and the television. Simply because Chicken Little admitted he liked me...for me! I still remember his somewhat rushed yet sincere words, \"I've always found you extremely attractive.\" So who cares if I'm not the prettiest girl on the block? Chicken Little sees the best in me and that's all that matters. Now that he's made up with his dad, and CL and I are dating, I've learned that it's not the outside appearance that counts. There is an old aphorism: Never judge a book by its cover. And I believe in that. Who would've ever thought that CL would be the most sweet and caring guy I've ever met? And through all that Chicken Little's shown me, there is one that stands out...one he's made clear: It's the inside that counts. So thank you, CL, my best friend....I love you. A/N: Awww! Is that not cute or what? It's kinda short, but oh well. I really liked how it turned out. Review please, and feel free to discuss your opinion, but don't be mean! Thanks! 'Kay, y'all, I'm out! ^_^ ","Summary":" A/N: Ah, I remember when Chicken Little first came out. I don't think I was ever obsessed about som"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"Chicken-Not-So-Little","Author":"AnnaLavigne97","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13245161","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chicken Not So Little By Rachel Strickland Prologue The Summer Before… W hat should I tell her? Someone thought while pacing back and forth. Should I keep it straight? Or should I go around the bush? The person thought while clicking his feet on the sidewalk. I don't want to hurt her. The male thought in his head, sorrowfully as if he was so in thought that he couldn't help getting even sadder at the thought of what he thought he had to do in order to have a good summer without his best friend. No. The person denied the thought he had in his mind and continued to pace. Until someone called his name. \"CHICKEN LITTLE!'' the boy spun around very fast and looked around and answered a rooster who was packing huge things in a small white (or was it eggshell?) van, seemingly for an across country trip. At this, the young fowl, nicknamed Chicken Little, ran up to the van and answered the call with a, ''Yeah, dad?'' \"You see me trying to lift—'' the rooster said in between lifting a cooler which, by the way, was a little bigger than a normal sized cooler… and heavier than normal too, '' –this… thing..?'' The rooster was almost out of breath. But as a dad, he had an obligation to start packing the van… though he needed help. So Chicken had to snap out of it for a second. \"Coming, Dad!\" he yelled. Chicken was small, so it was hard for him to actually lift anything, but it never stopped him from using his imagination to help his dad, or frankly anyone for that manner. So Chicken looked around and saw a piece of wood on a flower stop (is that what you would call it?) and had an idea to at least open the trunk a little more. He backed up a little bit and then ran up the porch stairs a little. He then jumped on the plank of wood as if it was a diving board and flew over the car, which made him land on top of the trunk. The trunk then popped open and caused Chicken Little to land to the side of it. There was a small clapping for this deed. But it didn't really make Chicken forget about his problem. In fact, as he was about to keep pacing back and forth, the person he was thinking of ran up to him. That person was named Abby Mallard, Chicken Little's best friend and his girlfriend… For the moment. You see, Chicken Little was a little concerned about Abby wanting to stay being his girlfriend. It wasn't because he didn't like her, oh no, he liked her VERY much. Her feathers were a grayish brown with purple tints, her eyes were a lighter brown, and, because it was the start of summer (which everyone knows that growth… happens over it after leaving middle school) Abby decided to wear her signature tee with jean shorts which, y'know, boys seem to be able to notice… things . But it wasn't just Abby's outward appearance that Chicken was attracted to. It was her perseverance and her ability to make sense of it all, also it was how she seemed to fit in with the two boys (well, three with Fish out of Water) and still be herself and be pretty. These are things Chicken thought about all night (and maybe nights before) and how he felt about Abby. Which is why he had this thought about being so far away from her all summer. Which is the only reason he wanted to break up with her. You see, he thought this way because if someone wanted all those things, it would be hard to keep her on the other side of the country from someone else. He wanted her to be free… not shackled up with him. So, quite selfishly, he decided to end their one year relationship for the risk of her wanting to be free. But it still didn't mean he couldn't look at her right now without a smile. \"Ace!\" Abby called out to Chicken (as an added bonus, she was the only one who could call him Ace) while she was running towards him. She was so happy at that moment. Sad she wasn't gonna be happy for long. But still, Chicken was at least going to let her be happy. But also, that made it even tougher to tell her what he was feeling. Man! He thought in his head. How am I going to break her heart? He knew it was gonna hurt her, but, as her friend, he knew he wanted her to be happy over the summer. Abby finally got closer and gave him a hug. At first, Chicken was stiff. But then he hugged her tightly knowing that he was ending something he loved. Abby though was a little confused. Why would he hug me like that? The young duckling thought to herself. But then, she thought nothing of it except Well, he is leaving. I'd hug tight too. Little did she know, that Chicken was about to break her heart. Abby and Ace broke apart from each other with smiles, though Chicken's was a little forced. \"I just… feel like we're gonna be so far apart for the summer.'' Abby chuckled a little bit and also snorted. That laugh was going to be memorable to Ace. He always found it silly. But he could only smile sadly now. Abby looked up and noticed that Ace was smiling sadly… which she didn't get. \"What's wrong, Ace? \"She asked the young fowl with concern in her eyes looking at his concerned eyes. Chicken sighed heavily and rubbed the back of his neck. He then looked up at her even more sadly. \"Abby…'' he started saying… \"I… think…\" he continued… but then stopped again, trying to find the words to say to her. \"You think, what?\" Abby asked him to help him remember. Where is he going with this? She thought in her mind. Finally, he said slowly… I think we should break up. And then he looked up at her after she pulled her hands away. And then he saw tears welling up in her eyes, making it seem worse than this already was for him… And her. But soon after, she asked him the question that was only going to be for breakups… \"But, why?\" Chicken could only tell her a part he was feeling, very quickly. \"I-I-I just think that it's for the best because you are so pretty and we're going to be so far apart, and I'm paranoid…'' Abby tried to listen… but she couldn't hear a thing Why is he breaking up with me? What did I do? Is there someone else? She thought and she thought… all the while he was talking. So she pretended to listen even though she heard nothing. \"… and I'm totally not some cool guy…'' Chicken rambled on. And Abby smiled a sad but understanding smile. She put her hands on his shoulders and said \"hey… it's ok.'' Calmly. And Ace looked up in her eyes and felt relief for a second. Abby, though sad, gave her boy- -no Friend—one last hug for the season. He was shocked to get a hug from her but then relaxed in her arms. \"You're always gonna be my best friend, Abby.'' He said to her softly. At this, Abby stiffened a little and then said to him ''YOU'RE, always gonna be my best friend'' she said softly. And gave him a tighter hug. They stood there for a minute just in each other's arms. They broke apart and Abby gave him a smile, where Ace, gave one back. \"CHICKEN LITTLE!\" Buck Cluck yelled from behind Ace and startled the two… uh… the EX-lovebirds from their stare. At this, Chicken turned around and asked, \"Yeah, dad?\" his dad closed the trunk door to their car and said, ''time to go!\" Cluck saw Abby and greeted her,'' Hi Abby'' ''um… Hi Mr. Cluck.\" She said politely and said to Ace, ''I guess this is goodbye uh…For now!\" she said awkwardly. \"S-sure! \" Ace agreed and said '' don't forget to write me letters about Oaky Oaks while I'm there! \"I won't, Ace!\" Abby shouted towards him. By the time he got to the car, Runt was in the car with a sad face, and Buck was in the driver's seat. But Ace could not concentrate on anyone else but his best girl—friend-girl—who was always there for him that he just broke up with. Maybe when I come back… he thought to himself, and if she still likes me…maybe we can be together again. I hope that's what happens. He thought with glee in his mind, but couldn't stop thinking, sadly, I'm gonna miss her. Abby thought in her head when she was alone, I'm gonna miss him. She closed her eyes and turned back to her house always thinking, I'm REALLY gonna miss him. ","Summary":" Chicken Not So Little By Rachel Strickland Prologue The Summer Before… W hat should I tell her? Som"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"Lost Hope","Author":"friskyvisions","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7807231","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When your parents, or old relatives ask you what your dream is, what you would like to do to change the world, what you want to be when you're older… what do you say? Fame. Name in shining lights. Date a Jonas brother and have the life any girl would dream of? That all sounds rather amazing, but it's not the life that I now want. Yes, when I were younger, it's all I ever wanted along with Nick. To be on stage, living MY dream the way I want it to go. But nothing turns out like you expect it to. Nothing. I'm Eden Isabella Jonas. 17 years of age, the typical American high school cheer leader who- Sorry, what was that? Oh yes, you read right. I'm the youngest sister in the Jonas house hold, older than Frankie but young than Nick, Joe and Kevin. I'm intelligent, smart as can be. Not really the dramatic type, but I've taken a long trip to hell, and an even longer one back to reality. *Eden's POV* I could hear the regular voice begging for mercy from down the hall. \"PLEASE, PLEASE STOP. IM SORRY. IM SORRY. PLEASE. NO. NO. WHY GOD, WHY?\" is all I could hear. When I first arrived here, the noises scared the shit out of me. But I'm hardly ever sober nor not stoned, so I can hardly realize the screams of agony from the other girls. I lay on the wooden floor on the second last room on the third floor of the \"mansion\" that I had been taken to that night, a place I had considered calling home many times, but I couldn't. I wouldn't let myself allow this place to be entered into my identity. No. Never. I smiled at the ceiling. Images of three boys just scattered in my imagination. All of them, with huge smiles plastered on their faces. The first little boy had curls that could make any girl fall inlove. His little hands holding on to each other, as if he didn't want to let go of himself. He kept on holding on, keeping that gorgeous smile on his face. The next boy had the most memorable eyes. Bright brown, a calm, appealing colour. He looked so harmless, so humble. He looked like a guy version of me. The next boy, the last boy, had his arms out wide, the form of an aeroplane. He looked like the type that consider taking over the world. He didn't look like the type that would get bothered at all- FUCK! I felt a huge pain in my back, and snapping back to reality, I saw Tom standing right in front of me. *Fuck fuck fuck. What am I gonna do? Not again. I'm so tired anymore. Don't cry. DON'T CRY EDEN!* I felt a tear form in my left eye. \"Why the fuck are you on the floor. GET THE FUCK UP.\" He mumbled, but clear enough for me to hear. I did exactly as told and stood up. \"I have a friend of mine. A special friend. A friend that, if not impressed, will fuck me and my whole business up.\" He said, whispering into my ear. I laughed silently and created a dirty smirk on his face. \"So babe, do your thing. Put on your little show, and do your daddy proud.\" Another tear followed the other, and the other, and the other until I could feel my cheeks burning. I leaned closer to him, literally 2cm away. \"Two things. Number one: Fuck you. Number two: You aint no daddy.\" He stood back and pushed me on the floor, I could feel the hard wooden floor hit my skin, the pain was unbearable and I was already weak as it is. I hate putting on shows, but I had to. They said they'd throw up on our own door step. I didn't want my family to see me that way, specially Frankie. I could hear his footsteps getting closer, I quickly got on the bed, wiped away my tears and put on my best 'turned on' look. \"Ah..\" He looked at me, eyed me down and said \"Hello baby girl.\" I swear I could have been sick then and there. Okay guys, this is it! My first chapter… I wanted it to be a short length for a reason, so don't worry, the next chapters will definitely be much more longer. Can you tell where Eden is? Think you have an idea of what could happen next? Tell me! Thank you so much for reading, I know I'm not as good as others so. Free hugs! XO Yasmine ","Summary":" When your parents, or old relatives ask you what your dream is, what you would like to do to change"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"Chicken-Not-So-Little: The Reasons Why","Author":"AnnaLavigne97","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8929281","Passage":"[Chapter 1] C hicken-Not-So-Little: the Reasons why: Part 1 cont. (Abby and Chicken Little) Walking in the rain, Abby thinks angrily. Why does he have to be so blind ? She thinks to herself. he just can't see how much he hurts me. She groans in frustration and shrugs off an invisible hand of comforting. What's wrong with her? Chicken Little thinks while staring off in the direction that Abby walked off in. Why is she so upset? he kicks up some water and starts walking in the other direction.' S he's not as strong as you think' Foxy's words run in his head. He closed his eyes and thought a little more. ' You know, you guys always say that our relationship is so clairo (so clear), pero (but), why can't you see why this has happened?' Annie's words made him feel even more stupid, but they made him think of Abby a little harder. He stopped walking and thought about what'd Abby said just a few days earlier... 'Do you think we could ever be more than friends again'? The light went off in his head. how could I be so stupid? He ran the other direction to go find Abby. Abby was even more upset. How in this semi-big town, could there not be at least 1 car with someone she knew driving it? She kept on walking down the rain-soaked sidewalk. Chicken Little ran up with Abby and shouted her name. Abby kept on walking and held her arms tighter. Chicken Little ran up behind her and said \"Abby\" That had gotten her really fired up. Because in a second flat, she spun around and slapped Chicken Little on the cheek. \"DON'T YOU TOUCH ME\" Abby yelled, so loud that anyone who was around them, (like they would be if it wasn't raining) would look at them with concern and craziness But Abby didn't care, She didn't want him anywhere near her. But Ace... He didn't take the hint. In fact, he showed his persistence by catching her and holding her close..and not letting her go. \"Abby A-Abby.\" \"Let me go!\" Abby said. Abby tried to escape, but that camp he went to that same summer made him freakishly strong. Ace tried to reason with her \" I can't help you if you can't tell me what's wrong, \"he said. She finally pulled away and looked him straight in the eyes. \"OK, ya wanna know what's wrong?\"She said angrily. He Nodded, and she replied. \"I love you. That's what's wrong!\" she snapped. There was a long silence, almost deafening to Chicken Little's ears. \" I've always have!\"she said, almost sobbing.\" even after you broke up with me\" she looked down. The flashback of memories came to both of them.\" but why... Break up?\" The question rang in Chicken's ears. \"I said I understood\" Abby said softly , while Chicken was looking at the flashback. He watched the flashback fade away. \"But i really didn't\" she said sadly. And then she jerked her head up. \"Now finally, tell me why you did it, because i'm tired of this hurt, and this empty hope that you're gonna open your eyes\" Chicken Little stayed silent for a bit, and thought,and this only heightened her anger even more. \"Come on, Acein' Ace\" She said almost bitterly. \"tell me!\" \"I was Afraid!\" He snapped. Now it was Abby's turn for the pain of the deafening silence. She put her head down again. He sighed and he lifted up her cheek, and while moving a strand of hair off her face to see both of her big tear-soaked eyes. He lowered his voice back to a kind, sorry tone.\" I was afraid of hurting you.\"He said coming clean. \"on that day,\" he says ,remembering \"When i saw you at there, you looked so sad and upset.\" the memory fades away when he says \"i waved to you... but you never saw me\". Abby looks away and Chicken Little continues \"Abby...\" She turns around and wipes her tears, and holds her hand. \"...I love you too. & i'm sorry i hurt you\" With this, Abby smiled and looked into his eyes. Chicken Little moved forward... and gave her a kiss. A sweet kiss and then held her tight. She put her arms around his neck and accepted the kiss. When they were done, Chicken Little chuckled, and said \" now lets get out of the rain. \"He put his dry-er jacket over his old-new girlfriend and they walked home. Abby chuckled, and said, \"Y'know that was too overly-dramatic, right?\" Ace laughed and said,\" I know\" As soon as they started walking, the rain was stopping and the rainbow was starting to come out Today was a new day. A new day for old love to become anew. End ","Summary":" C hicken-Not-So-Little: the Reasons why: Part 1 cont. (Abby and Chicken Little) Walking in the rain"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"a day in the life of me 4","Author":"Maddie97","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6429378","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A day in the Life of me 4 10/22/10 Hi and welcome back to a day in the life of me. This is Juliet here and I am happy that it is the fourth day that you people get to go through of my life. In first period today I played volley tennis. It's sort of like tennis and volleyball. You play with volleyball but you play on a tennis court. In second period today I did not play my instrument because I watched a movie. I watched Pay it forward and it's actually a pretty good movie. In third period today I took a test for the Harriet Tubman story that I was reading. It wasn't hard at all. I thought it was easy. In fourth period today I did a lab with my friends and poured baking soda and water into lemon juice and it made carbon dioxide. It was pretty cool. In fifth period today I just watched channel one news and gave some answers to my friend for a crossword puzzle. In sixth period today I learned to do math and that's it. I hope you guys review this and please make it a good review and especially you Amelia. ","Summary":" A day in the Life of me 4 10/22/10 Hi and welcome back to a day in the life of me. This is Juliet h"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"Easier Said Than Done","Author":"Florida's Firefly","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2846414","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So, I realized one day that after the scene where Chicken Little walks away from the baseball field heartbroken and Foxy \"reassures\" Buck, you never see that obnoxious fox trying to make CL's life miserable again. In fact, the only other times you see her is when she gets vaporized, she's floating in the abyss and sucking her thumb, and then she becomes a Southern Belle. Here's my theory on why this incident is... And oh, yeah, Chicken Little and it's characters belong to Disney, not me. Todd, Lily, Gil, Allison, and Jordy are my characters and are property of ME! Abby Mallard stood on the field of Oakey Oak's old stadium, watching her best friend Chicken Little trying desperately to explain to the town why they hadn't seen the alien spaceship that had just been there two minutes ago. He told them over and over again that he was telling the truth and the reason they couldn't see the ship was because it had cloaking panels that made it invisible The townsfolk were not impressed. In fact, they were livid. \"I'm tellin' ya everyone, it was here!\" Chicken Little insisted. Abby wanted to help him. She ran forward and came to his defense. \"No, wait, there were aliens!\" she promised, in hopes that her consent would maybe lead more people to believe him. \"It's true!\" Runt, another one of her friends, ran up and corresponded. \"Th-Their eyes were glowing and they had tentacles and maps of the planets with X's on them! AAH!\" he yelled, absolutely freaking out. Runt's enormous mother suddenly grabbed her youngest by the ear. \"Runt, that's enough!\" she scolded. \"Don't make Mommy take away your Streisand collection!\" \"Mom, you leave Barbra out of this!\" Runt exclaimed as his mom dragged him off. Principal Fetchit stormed up to Buck, Chicken Little's father. \"Why can't you keep that child of yours under control?\" he demanded. Buck could only shrug sheepishly. The townsfolk all began yelling at Buck at once, calling his son a little delinquent and telling him as Fetchit did to get him reined in; to start using some discipline on the boy so he'd stop causing so much trouble. \"Dad!\" Chicken Little yelled. \"Dad! I'm not making this up...! You gotta believe me this time.\" Buck stared at his son with his mouth open like he was about to say something. He glanced out of the corner of his eye at the several angry faces of all the animals in Oakey Oaks, staring at him and waiting for his reply. He looked back at his son. \"…No, son…I don't.\" The next few seconds of silence that followed were deep as Chicken Little stared at his father, his face a mixture of hurt and disbelief. Laughing nervously, Buck turned towards everyone. \"Hah, I can't tell you how embarrassed I am, folks! I-I'm really sorry about this, everyone! Looks like this is just a big…crazy misunderstanding, I…\" \"Hmm.\" The mayor Turkey Lurkey marched up to him and showed him the penny he had grabbed from the sidewalk on the way to the field. \"Well, other than the penny, this whole evening was a wash!\" Buck drooped as the mayor waddled away. Foxy sidled towards the estranged father. \"Oh, Mr. Cluck…don't take it so hard.\" she said sincerely. \" No one blames you .\" Abby wanted so much to make Foxy eat her words just once. The young duckling stared in concern at Chicken Little as he hung his head and turned to look at her. Abby managed a smile at him. But her friend only silently shook her head and stared at the ground as he shambled past her. She turned to watch him leave and opened her mouth to say something, but she thought better of it. Chicken Little didn't seem in the mood to listen to any advice at the moment. Buck and Chicken Little walked their separate ways. Abby sighed to herself and looked at Fish. He blubbed sadly, tilting his head in slight confusion. Abby couldn't fins anything to say; she just shook her head and looked at the ground. Within the minute, Fish's parents came to pick him up. Fish, although hesitant at first to leave his friend on the field, left with them. Then the only two left on the old baseball field were Abby and Foxy. Both of them were aware that they were alone, but Abby did her best to pretend she didn't notice Foxy there. But even with her back on the snobbish fox, she could feel her stare cutting right through her. \"…Poor Chicken Loser…\" Foxy smirked, finally breaking the silence. \"That acorn didn't fall far from the tree, now did it?\" Still, Abby didn't look at her and didn't say anything. Finally, she talked back. \"…He's telling the truth, you know.\" Foxy had an amused smirk on her face. \"Oh, uhh, sure. Yeah, okay…\" She lowered an eyebrow in further amusement. \"Wow, ya'll really are made for each other, you and Egg Drop. I can see the movie sequel now - 'Crazy Little Chicken and Dorky Ugly Duckling. I feel for you, girl. I really do.\" she said with mock sympathy. Abby would have loved to have at least one day when she wasn't called The Ugly Duckling. She was really starting to get tired of having to shut it out so often. She did ponder time and again why she was where she was. Out of her whole family, including her parents and her little brother, she was the only one that looked…well…ugly. But if she could've reached as far back as eleven whole years, she would've remembered the faces and affections of her actual parents, before being suddenly brought to the town orphanage and spending almost a month there before she was adopted by Todd and Lily - a couple that had been good friends with her birth parents before their passing. Todd and Lily were good parents to Abby. They were as good as any guardians she could ask for and they loved her like she was their real offspring. Abby was aware that she wasn't living with her actual parents, but they had been a part of her life so long ago that she couldn't remember them at all. That was the fact that tortured her the most. The only thing that Abby could remember was that she had had to deal with this crap her whole life and she was finally getting sick of it. Still, she tried to bear down and do what she had always done in the face of her criticizers. Ignore them. \"Aw, you don't wanna talk about it?\" Foxy asked, continuing her sarcastic sympathy as she slid up to the duckling's side. \"Aww, and I thought we were buddies…\" Abby just rolled her eyes and ignored her. \"I thought we shared secrets like friends always do!\" Foxy continued bogusly. She smirked. \"Like how you've got a crush the size of Wisconsin on that loser.\" At that, Abby finally saw the opportunity for the perfect comeback. \"And how you suck your thumb?\" It was one of the few times Abby had seen herself get the last laugh on verbal war with her nemesis. \"Watch it, Franken-duck.\" was all Foxy could shoot back with a glare. Satisfied with herself, Abby turned towards the stadium gate. But, of course, Foxy wasn't done. \"Okay, you wanna leave…\" she shrugged. \"I understand. What, with the rest of your rat pack turned in for the night, I suppose you wanna get back to that fake family of yours.\" That was it. Abby couldn't stand it anymore. She turned to face her. \"You know what, Foxy…?\" she started, but then, after a silent moment, she sighed in frustration and turned to leave the field. It took everything she had to manage all this self-control. \"I mean, wow…\" Foxy continued with a smirk. \"To think that your face is so repulsive that your own parents gave you away, and at only two years old, no less…\" Abby stopped in her tracks. Forget self-control. After a moment, she turned and walked back to her. The young duckling drew a fist back and swung it as hard she could at Foxy, slamming her full-force in the nose and knocking her off her feet. Foxy stumbled back onto the ground, holding her probably-bleeding nose in her paws. She looked up at Abby with the most stunned look on her face. Nobody in her whole life had ever had the guts and brawn to clout her in the face like that, in fear that they would get pounded themselves. Without a word in between them, Abby stood and glared at the shocked fox kit on the ground. Then, she turned around and walked back towards the stadium exit. On the inside, Abby smiled to herself. That was all she had ever really wanted - to get a good swing in at that brat's smug, little face. It was all she had ever wanted to do whenever Foxy had been picking on her and her friends since Pre-K. That one hit was all she had needed to get in. But, it was also enough for Foxy to get pretty furious. What Abby didn't know was that just because she had Goosey usually around to do her dirty work, it didn't mean that Foxy was a wimpy fighter. In fact, being the kind of animal she was, she was a pretty strong one that would declare personal war at the drop of a hat. She was going to make that duck pay. With a growl, Foxy jumped to her feet and darted for Abby. Abby glanced back over her shoulder, but just a moment too late to dodge. Foxy tackled her hard right into the dirt. Terrified out of her wits at first, Abby quickly had to pull herself together to defend herself. Finally getting the thought to use her feet, Abby forcefully kicked Foxy off of her. The frightened duckling quickly jumped to her feet and faced her. She knew right away that whacking Foxy in the face might've not been a very good idea. Foxy glared and looked over at her, noticing the look of fear on her face. \"C'mon, pipsqueak .\" she growled and stood up. \"You scared or somethin'? C'mon!\"\" Abby yelled and dodged as Foxy took another swing at her head. Her eyes wide, Abby backed up as she had to continually avoid her rival's fist. At one point, she felt herself almost fall over and glanced back to see she was standing on the edge of one of the dugout. She gasped and quickly regained her balance, forgetting for the moment that she was completely vulnerable to Foxy. Foxy suddenly delivered a hard, swift one right to the side of Abby's head, sending her crashing down in the dugout, right into the bat rack. Although dazed, Abby recovered quickly and jumped to her feet. But this time, she was ready for a fight. She recalled all the times she had wanted to get back at Foxy whenever she'd found one way or another to make her and her friends' lives miserable. It was that which motivated her and quickly turned her to fight back for real. She climbed out of the dugout quickly and faced Foxy, bearing down to defend herself. The two girls darted right for each other and collided in combat. Just then Abby's foster dad, Todd, pulled his car up outside the stadium and looked in. He had heard about the town disturbance that had happened when Chicken Little was telling everyone an alien spaceship had landed in the field. But he obviously didn't expect to see what he did now. \"Abby!\" he yelled and got out of the car as fast as he could. He ran towards the field where the two girls were still going at it. Both combatants dealt the other with some direct and descent blows. But no matter how hard they struggled and fought neither one could seem to land a direct blow on the other. Foxy kept on trying to knock Abby straight in the face, but the young duckling managed to dodge her constantly, with an alertness that she herself didn't know that she had. But when she saw Foxy caught off her guard for one second, it was Abby who got the final hit in when she sent her rival toppling back with another well-placed punch in the mouth. \"Abby!\" Todd snapped as he approached. Abby looked up at him. He glanced over at Foxy as she sat up and wiped a trickle of blood from her lip. \"What in the world is going on here?\" Todd demanded to both girls. There was a long moment of silence, with only the sounds of Abby and Foxy panting. Neither of them said a word. Todd looked at both of them for a silent moment. \"…All right,\" he finally said and motioned towards the stadium's gate. \"C'mon, Abby, go get in the car.\" A bit hesitant, Abby stared at Foxy. She didn't feel like their business with each other was done. \" Now .\" Todd demanded, to which his daughter glanced at Foxy for one more second before obediently turning and walking towards the gate. Todd followed her and Foxy herself departed from the baseball field. Abby climbed into the car next to her dad and shut the door behind her. She buckled in, and then caught Foxy out of the corner of her eye. The girls looked right at each other, both patched with dirt with a cut or two from their brawl. Foxy glared at her for a moment before turning forward again and continuing her route home. She discreetly wiped a sleeve over her lip, which was still bleeding a little. Starting the car up, Todd glanced over at his adopted daughter, a bit confused. Abby had never been one to act very irrational or competitive. So it was obvious to say that he was in a state of shock when he saw her in a fierce exchange of blows with the town \"darling\". It seemed like the two of them had finally snapped like dry twigs. The car pulled out of the parking lot and out onto the street as Todd directed it towards home. He looked over at Abby, who was just sitting there and not saying a word. He looked at the cut she had gotten from a blow to the side of her head. \"…You need to wash that.\" he finally said. \"It's nothing…\" Abby said quietly as she stared at the car seat. A few more minutes went by as the car silently traveled down the road. \"…Abby…\" Todd spoke up, \"you've never… ever gotten in a fight like that.\" \"Foxy was being a jerk.\" Abby told him simply. \"Foxy's always being a jerk to you, but I've never seen you two pounding each other like that, and I know there was a reason at least one of you snapped, so what happened?\" he asked again. Abby stared out the window and was silent a while. She didn't want to repeat what it was that Foxy had said about her parents. \"…Nothing.\" she finally answered him. Looking at her, Todd sighed to himself. \"…Well…that'd better be the last 'nothing' that happens, you understand me?\" Abby's eyes fell upon the car seat and she didn't look her dad in the eye. She herself regretted ever punching Foxy. She didn't know why she hadn't guess that she'd get battered like she did. \"…Yes, sir…\" she said quietly. Todd glanced over at her and noticed how regretful she actually looked right then. He was aware of Foxy's true nature, and how she was constantly pushing Abby and her friends around. He also knew that Abby was constantly trying to defend and stand up for her friends, regardless of whatever Foxy and Goosey did to her. It was an obligation she had taken on herself. With another silent sigh to himself, Todd reached over and gently ruffled his daughter's head feathers. She glanced up at him and, after a moment, gave him a slight smile. The rest of the ride went without another word between them. At the house, Abby's foster mother Lily tended to the cut on her face with a peroxide-dabbed cotton ball. And if you'd ever had to have peroxide put on an open cut, you're aware how much it can sting. \"Ow, ow, ow!\" Abby shut her eyes tight and sucked a bit of air through her teeth. \"I know, I know, hang in there.\" Lily encouraged. After a moment of tending, she looked up at her daughter. \"\"So…\" she said. \"You wanna tell me why you girls were beating the living daylights out of each other?\" Abby shook her head. \"I don't know, Mom, I just-- Ow!\" she flinched from another slight pang. \"It got too much for you to handle, huh?\" \"Yeah…\" Abby glanced at the floor. \"What happened?\" Abby sighed. \"Foxy… just said something that made me mad. Ow! \" she yelped at another sudden sting from the peroxide. \"Obviously.\" Lily commented. She looked up at Abby after a moment of silence. \"So you wanna tell me what it was she said?\" Abby sighed. She still wasn't comfortable with telling either Todd or Lily about what Foxy had said. Sure, they were her legal parents and all, but there was just something weird to her about talking personally to her adopted parents about her real parents. But she knew that they were there to listen and help her. Her own advice began flooding her head. You need closure on this issue! Her mind screamed. Talk, talk, TALKING! Noticing that her daughter wasn't spilling the beans, Lily looked up at her. She got a look of slight concern on her face. \"…Abby?\" \"She…\" Abby started, fighting to get the words out, \"…she just said something about my actual mom and dad, that's all.\" That's all Lily really needed to know. Instead of asking her exactly what was said, she paused and nodded slightly. \"…I see.\" she said quietly. She looked up at her adopted daughter, noticing her staring into nothing with a slight look of hurt on her face. After a moment, Lily put a hand on Abby's cheek and looked her in the eye. \"…I'm sorry, Abby.\" she said. Abby forced a small smile and nodded a bit, to give her mom the sign that said she was okay. Lily stood and put up the peroxide bottle. \"All right,\" she said, \"it's almost midnight. You should be in bed. Jordy's got baseball practice tomorrow morning and it's gonna be a crazy day as it is.\" Abby hopped off the table. She seemed to be thinking about something. \"…Mom?\" she spoke up after a moment. \"I have a thought… W-Why don't you and Dad go out to dinner tomorrow night and I'll stick around here with Jordy and we'll do karaoke or something?\" Lily raised an eyebrow slightly, almost looking a bit amused. \"You're volunteering to baby-sit your little brother, Abby?\" Her daughter thought and realized that's what she had pretty much lent herself to in a nutshell \"…Yeah, I guess I am.\" Lily gave a curious smirk. \"Why?\" \"I don't know.\" Abby shrugged with a confused smile. \"I guess 'cause I don't understand a single thing about my life as I know it.\" Her mother smiled. \"Well, thank you, Abby. Your dad and I would love a break.\" Abby watched her head upstairs, and after a moment followed up after her. She thought about everything that had happened that night. Now that she thought of it, it hadn't been a total loss. Foxy now had somewhat of an understanding of what Abby had the strength to do and left the battlefield with a few reminders of it. Maybe that meant that she would think twice next time she felt the urge to torment her or her friends. A day without teasing, shaking, bruising, grabbing, flinging, tripping, and no more violent smacks to the head by a dodgeball during time-out. It all just seemed too good to be true. Walking down the hallway, Abby passed by her little brother's dark bedroom. She could see Jordy curled up asleep in his bed. With a slight smile, she quietly leaned in and flipped the switch for his wall nightlight just in case he woke up, so he didn't end up sitting in pitch dark. She then walked down to her room a couple doors down and walked in. She closed the door behind her and began to get ready for bed. She began to think about Chicken Little. Having just talked with her foster mom about a rather tough issue, she could understand why it was hard to obtain closure. Talking about a personal issue was definitely easier said than done. And especially after what had happened that night, her best friend was probably not up for advice from a chick magazine. Still, she'd go with Runt and Fish tomorrow to see him, and she would offer her suggestion of closure as gently as she could. What she didn't know was that things would be different the next morning… A whole lot different. ","Summary":" So, I realized one day that after the scene where Chicken Little walks away from the baseball field"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"First Date","Author":"AngelOfDeath1O1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4670379","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is just a little story about Chicken little on his first date with Abby, the duck he confessed his love for, when their was Alien invasion going on. \"Uh Abby, could I ask you something?\" Chicken little asked. \"Sure.\" Abby answered. \"Well um you see there's this movie coming out and I was wondering if-\" Chicken little began to stutter nervously, his face then began to sweat, and turned a bright red. Chicken Little always had problems when it came to talking about his feelings, or trying to ask Abby out, but this time he wasn't going to let anything get in the way. \"Chicken little, your stuttering, I cant understand a word your saying.\" Abby explained. Chicken little then sighed. \"I want to know if you'd like to...\" \"Are you trying to ask me out?\" Abby asked. \"Well I um.. yes!\" Chicken little finally confessed. he then forced him self into saying what he has been trying to ask her all week. Abby Millard, I love you! will you go out to the movies with me to see Commander Ace 2?\" Chicken little asked. Abby was stunned, happy, and bubbled up with joy, she to has been wanting to ask Chicken little out, but was afraid he'd turn her down or something. \"I know I sound like an idiot don't I? I understand if you don't want to go out with me, I was just-\" Chicken little began. Abby cut him of before he continued babbling on and on. \"I'd love to go out with you.\" she answered. \"I knew it, I had a feeling you wouldn't want to go out with me, I mean-\" Chicken little began. he then stopped when he realized what she really said. \"Yes? did you just say yes?\" Chicken little asked becoming excited. Abby nodded. Chicken little jumped up and down with joy. \"Yes!\" he shouted with joy. \"thank you! oh thank you!\" he shouted with excitement, as he then hugged her. \"So eight o clock, tonight?\" He asked. Abby smiled. \"it's a date.\" she answered. Chicken little was so happy, this was sure to be the greatest night of his life. \"what happened?\" Runt asked. \"I just asked Abby out and she said yes!\" Chicken little explained. \"And I'm going out with Foxy Loxy. Runt replied. Foxy Loxy was still nice, and enjoyed singing and dancing as much as Runt did. \"I gotta get ready for tonight.\" Chicken Little said. That night. Chicken little was ready for his date with Abby, he even sprayed him self with co-lone, and was wearing a black bow tie with a looked nice for her date too, she was wearing a cute little pink 2 piece outfit, and had on red lip stick. Chicken Little had already got the popcorn, the sodas, and the candy. \"ready for are date?\" he asked \"of course.\" Abby answered. she sat down next to him on the same seat, after all the commercials the new movie, Commander Ace 2 began. it was a great movie, it had a lot of action in it, and it was two hours long. on The actors who played older Abby and Ace, began talking, it was one of the romantic scenes in the movie. \"Abby, I still think that you're the most beautiful and attractive girl I have ever met in my life.\" Commander Ace, told Abby. \"And I think that you're the most charming and bravest chicken, I have ever met. Abby told him. \"Oh Abby.\" Commander Ace said dreamily. \"Oh Ace.\" Abby said dreamily. the two of them then kissed, and at the same moment, Chicken little and Abby kissed, right on the lips. \"You know, what Ace just said is true.\" Chicken little said, after the kiss. Abby smiled, then they kissed again. This was indeed the best night of Chicken Little's life. After the date Chicken little walked Abby home. it was ten o clock pm, when they left the show. \"I just want you to know that this was the best first date ever.\" Abby explained. Chicken little smiled. \"me too.\" he said. Abby gave him a kiss on the cheek. \"I gotta go.\" she said, as she then went inside. Chicken little couln't wait to go out with her again. he then went home. \"so how was your date son?\" Buck asked. \"It was great dad.\" Chicken little answered. \"I'm glad to hear that. I remember my first dad with your mom, it feels like it was only yesterday.\" Buck explained. \"Goodnight Dad.\" Chicken little said, going upstairs. \"Night son.\" Buck said. Chicken little rushed into his room, shut the door, turned of his lights, then ploped into bed. ","Summary":" This is just a little story about Chicken little on his first date with Abby, the duck he confessed"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"The 1 year anniversary","Author":"acluvva","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3039256","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do notnown Chicken Little or any other characters. They are all belong tonDisney Introduction This story takes placena year after the debut of Chicken Little's movie. Abby and chickennhave been dating since then and decided to take their relationship tonthe next level. Chapter 1. Should Inkiss her? Runt: Are you everngoing to kiss Abby? I mean, its been like what, a year. Just kiss hernalready! CL: Now why should Inkiss her again? I already kissed her when the aliens were in OakeynOaks. Runt: because yountotally know you want to! Besides, you only kissed her because younthought you were going to die so it doesn't count. CL: It so does count! nWe'll kiss when we are ready…besides… I don't think Abbynwants us to kiss yet. Runt: Whatever… Chapter 2.I hope henkisses me! Abby: Oh Fish, I hopenChicken Little kisses me. After all it is our one year anniversary Fish: blub blub blubnblub Abby: That would be sonromantic of him if he did. I mean, that kiss he gave me a year agonwas nice, but sort of didn't count. Fish:nBLUBBBBBBB! Abby: He's comingnover my house today, so im crossing my fingers that he kisses me. Fish: Blubbidy blubnblubbbbbb blub Chapter 3. the way home RINGGGGGGG! Thenschool bell rang as the signal for all kids to go home. Chicken andnAbby are and chicken are holding hands as they walk to Abby'snhouse. Abby: My parents won'tnbe home until 5:00, if that's OK. CL: uhhhh… I guessnthat's OK. Abby: Is somethingnwrong? CL: uhhh… everythingnis fine (everything is actually not fine and chicken is a nervousnwreck.) Abby: ummm… OK. Wellnanyway, we'll do our homework first then we can do DDR. I knowndance dance is your favorite thing to do. CL: ( the sound of DDRnmade him lose his nervousness and cheer up.) OK, cool! Abby: I knew you wouldnlike that! Abby and Chicken Littlenheld hands the rest of the way to her house. Chapter 4. Suspense Abby and Chickennquickly finished their homework. Abby turned on the PS2 and pluggednin the mats. They danced for an hour to some great tunes until thisnone song came up. The footwork you needed for this song wasnabsolutely impossible but the couple decided to take a whack at it.nThe fumbled with all the steps and was getting very tired. Abbynsuddenly tripped over her own left foot falling down to the floornbringing Chicken Little along with her. They were facing each othernand started to laugh while still laying down. Suddenly Chicken gotnthat feeling when you are in love and his heart raced with emotions.nHe felt the sudden urge that he wanted to kiss her long and well. Hengrabbed her waist and pulled her to him self. Abby also felt thenfeeling of love.she stretched her head to his and then… To be continued… ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do notnown Chicken Little or any other characters. They are all belong tonDisney Intr"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"Ckicken Little's Dream","Author":"MaxRideNut","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3718823","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DISCLAIMER: I didn't invent Chicken Little and I have no idea who did... If the sky started falling, What should everybody do? If the wind stopped his blowing, Would my face start to turn blue? If the moon stopped her shining, Could tides still be high or low? If the stars disappeared, Might the galaxy still glow? Would it help to start bawling If the sky started falling? Could my lungs quit their grooving If the air had stopped moving? Might a sole tide be staying If the moon ceased displaying? Should night skies lose their mark If the gas-balls went dark? ","Summary":" DISCLAIMER: I didn't invent Chicken Little and I have no idea who did... If the sky started falling"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"Gray Duckling","Author":"Cytrus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2963281","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 'Modern Mallard'nadvised starlit skies and a breathtaking moon illuminating the pair. All she had were thendamaged cinema lights and the occasional laser blast flashing by. 'Duck of tomorrow'nrecommended a silent sea and a sandy coast, with a carefree windnsurrounding you. All there was were rowsnupon rows of mole-eaten seats, and a half-working air conditioner. 'Fashion Feather'nsaw dramatic or tranquil music as a must. The screams of fleeingnvillagers and constant zapping due to the disintegration processncould hardly be considered a replacement. The 'Gossip Corner'npainted an image of a muscular, brave, unflappable male – one whoncould easily be the star of an action movie. All that stood beforenher was the cute and resourceful Chicken Little. 'Girl Power' toldnher to become a model; attract attention at all costs and abuse it. All she was – a smallngray duckling. What did the press knownabout kissing anyway. ","Summary":" 'Modern Mallard'nadvised starlit skies and a breathtaking moon illuminating the pair. All she had w"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"Chicken Little as a Girl","Author":"Soul of Hell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2856786","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my 2nd CL story! I'm sorry if I replace he instead of she, I'm just obsessed with CL as a boy instead of a girl, I already know What CL as a girl says when he is a she. Hope you like it! \"That's not a burglar about to break in,\" She tried to calm herself down. \"It's just the shutters blowing against the house.\" Chicken Little told herself. She put her blanket down and she just smiled. She knew nothing was going to happen to her. She heard an opening of a door and mistook it for something else; so, she grabbed her blanket and put it across her face. \"That is not a vampire rising from its coffin,\" She told herself. \"That is just the house, settling.\" She said to herself and put her blanket down again. She knows nothing bad will happen to her and her father. She put her head on her pillow and tried to sleep. She heard something else and woke up. \"That is not a hungry wolf that is just a old branch flowing in the wind. Everything is safe, everything's normal, everything's just…\" She said and got cut off by a noise outside her room. She gasped and asked herself, \"What was that?\" She got off her bed and got to were her books were. She saw a bright light come outside of her room and she was scared. She then heard the noise again and looked at one of her books called, Alien Encounters She gasped again. \"It's an alien,\" She told herself. Now she knew something bad was going to happen to her. She didn't know that it was actually her father. She then went back to her bed and heard her refrigerator door open and she got off her bed. She went down the stairs and she then saw her dad right there. She then blushed from embarrassment and went back to her room. She opened her door to the room and went to bed. Everything is alright. She thought as she took off her bow. --------------------------------School----------------------------- Chicken Little was in the car with her dad. \"Hey, dad?\" She said. \"Yea?\" He asked. She was about to say something but she didn't she didn't want to tell her father just yet, but, she had to. \"I heard noises last night, and I thought they were other things.\" She told him. He sighed and asked her, \"What kind of things?\" She looked at him and sighed. \"I'll tell you when I get from school.\" She said. She looked out the car window next to her and smiled a little. She then felt the car stop and she got out of the car. \"Bye dad.\" She said as she closed the car door. She then walked to the school bus, but when she was about to get in, she noticed everyone was coming right behind her. \"Not again!\" She said to herself. She tried to run inside of the bus but tripped. Everyone behind her was getting close and she got out of the way. She walked to the bus but the bus doors closed on her. She tried to keep up with it but tripped. \"Wait!\" She tried to stop the bus. But nothing happened. I guess I have to walk to school, again! She thought as she ran. She got up to another point, but tripped. She got up and looked at the clock behind her. She then gasped. \"It's 8:35!\" She told herself. She continued to look at the time but she knew she was going to be late for school, again. She ran and got to a side of the school. She then entered the school but she noticed Foxy Loxy was in front of her. \"What do you want?\" Chicken Little asked Foxy. She then ran away from Foxy to go to her class. She was late for class like always. She panted from running. She went to her seat. She saw her friends, Runt, Fish, and Abby. She smiled and sighed. ------------------------After School------------------ \"I'm so stupid!\" Chicken Little said. Abby, Runt, and Fish went up to her. \"Why are you so stupid?\" Abby asked. Chicken Little looked at her and she didn't say anything. \"I just mistook my dad for an alien!\" She said. She then felt a tear come out of her eye and she then walked away wiping her tear away. She walked to her home and sighed. She doesn't want to talk about mistaking her father for a alien. TBC ","Summary":" This is my 2nd CL story! I'm sorry if I replace he instead of she, I'm just obsessed with CL as a b"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"Hi Mom","Author":"Ultimate Fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2835232","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi,nMom… ChickennLittle is © Walt Disney Pictures R.nI. P. CHLOE CLUCK DEDICATEDnWIFE, MOTHER AND FRIEND ChickennLittle placed some flowers near the tombstone and sat down. It hadnbeen a really long time since he had last come. He felt so ashamednand even wondered if her mother had felt neglected. He couldn'tnfind the right words to speak. After some minutes of silence, henfinally said: \"Hi… Mom.\" Henremained silent for more minutes, as if expecting an answer from thengrave. He wondered what she would ask him… if she were still alive. \"I…nI've been fine. I made some friends a couple of weeks ago.nThey're…well, from far away… very far away... I also wonnthe baseball championship… I wish you had been there…\" CL's conscience bitnhim. His mother always told him to stay humble. \"Ok…nwithout Foxy's help, we wouldn't have made it at least to thenfinal eight, I admit it…\" More silent minutes. \"So… how have younbeen?\" CL asked. That was the only more or less coherent thing hencould think of asking. You guessed it. Morensilent minutes. \"…Inremember when you left us, Mom… it was tough, not only for me, butnfor the whole town… Even Morkubine Porcupine and Mr. Woolensworthnwere shocked.\" Henthen looked at the tombstone. He realized he hadn't given muchnthought to her mother's words either when she was still alive ornafter her decease. \"You promised you'dnalways be there with me and Dad… I guess there are promises thatnjust can't be kept.\" A gentle wind began tonblow. It reminded him so much of her mother's hugs. \"Younwere right, now that I think of it. There's good in every person.nEven Foxy and Goosey were sorry for me back then, during thenfuneral...\" Somendoubts began to form in Chicken Little's mind. \"Mom…nwhere you are now… do you still remember us all? Do you stillnremember Dad? Do you still remember… me…?\" He quickly realized hownidiotic was that question. \"I'm sorry Mom… Inalways asked you dumb questions…. Do you remember when I asked you,nwhen I was five year old, if Goosey and I could get married when wenbecame adults?\" Hengiggled a bit. Every time he remembered that, he felt so dumb…nfortunately for him, it seemed that Goosey didn'tnremember when he proposed her marriage. He wondered how Abby (AndnFoxy, and all of Oakey Oaks) would react if she (And they) would evernfind out… \"And there I gonagain, asking dumb questions. Of course you do remember!\" He smiled happily. Henwas feeling so comfortable. But then, all of a sudden, he feltnguilty. \"I'm sorry I didn'tncome in such a long time, Mom… I'm really sorry…\" Thengentle wind stopped blowing. He got up and began to tremble as hisneyes slowly filled themselves with tears. \"We all miss you Mom…nI miss you… I really do…!\" He said as he hugged the tombstone. \"CL…\" He turned around. Abbynwas there, holding a tray filled with cookies. \"I… brought somenfor your Mom…\" CLnlooked at the tray. Those cookies… \"…Yournmom taught me the recipe before she… Well, I've been practicing anlot for a couple of years... I think I've finally got it. You may trynone if you want to…\" CLntook one of the cookies, looked at it, then at Abby and than again atnthe cookie, and munched it down. \"So…nhow does it taste?\" Abby asked, anxiously. Whilenthe wind died down, CL remained silent. He looked at the tray for anlong time. Abby realized what was going on… \"…Inmessed it up, didn't I?\" Abby felt so horrible. It was almost asnif she were insulting Chicken Little's mother's memory. Shenplaced the tray on a nearby tombstone, sighed deeply and said, whilenturning around to face CL, \"I'm sorry, Chicken Little… I'llnnever…\" Whatnhappened next reminded Abby of that little incident in the cinemanduring the Alien Invasion. As a gentle wind began to blow, CLnsuddenly hugged her and, still sobbing, he said: \"Itntastes just like hers… Thank you, Abby… thank you very much…\" Shenwas breathless. Instinctively, she hugged him too. None of them knewnhow much their hug lasted, but it seemed like an eternity. Anbeautiful, sweet eternity. They eventually split up. Abby noticed ansmall tear sliding down Chicken Little's right cheek. She wiped itnaway, caressed his right cheek and kissed him on his forehead. \"It's alright, CL.nIt's all right…\" They both turned aroundnto face the grave while holding hands. \"Thanksnfor everything, Mom… you'll be always be with me… with all ofnus… I guess there are promises not even death can keep from beingnkept…\" Well,nthat's all for now. I hope you enjoyed it. And…nabout A New Friendship… Look, I've been busy. But I haven'tnabandoned it. I'll keep on it. Meanwhile, Review! ","Summary":" Hi,nMom… ChickennLittle is © Walt Disney Pictures R.nI. P. CHLOE CLUCK DEDICATEDnWIFE, MOTHER AND F"},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"Okay, Let's Do This One Last Time","Author":"CalmSheJaguar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13207938","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay, Let's Do This One Last Time... It had already been an exhausting week for Miles Morales. His father had caught him, well, Spiderman at the scene of another crime, and gave a lecture on 'Great Power, Great Responsibility.' (He could see how Peter got sick of it.) He had a chemistry test that he wasn't trying to purposefully fail anymore, so that meant studying. Math was math, like always. His only fun class, art, had given an essay on 'The Great White Dudes That the Art World Drools Over' (his street art was a hundred times cooler). The only class he didn't have homework in, History, the teacher was giving a quiz in two days. His roommate was no help, he was visiting family over the next few days and wasn't available. Even before the spider, Miles couldn't stay still, but the bite seemed to amplify his shaking. When he sat down, he would jitter like he'd just had had three cups of coffee. Miles didn't even like coffee! That was probably why when he heard the voice of Gwen and saw a portal open up, Miles didn't stop to consider why jumping through portals because your friend? Who's a girl? Told you too. \"And bring your suit!\" Gwen had called. Miles almost rolled his eyes. Of course he would. And that's how Miles found himself in what he considered way over his head in an alternate universe where everyone looked... Odd? \"Where even are we?\" Miles asked. He and Gwen were in their spidersuits, on top of a skyscraper with so many tiny textures covering it. The concrete was like a mixture of materials with a difference you could see. The people's faces folded over in strange arrays when people moved. Across the street, Miles could even see through the windows of the taller building. \"Earth-199999.\" Gwen said. \"Some call it the Cinematic Universe.\" Miles noted her vibrant coloring seemed to glow even more than it did in his world. They were far removed from this world. The lighting, everything was muted and intrinsically detailed. Miles' thoughts were quiter as well. It was almost like an animated movie \"What's my earth called?\" Miles asked. \"And who gave these names?\" \"I don't know if it even has one. Miguel's been giving them classifications pretty much at random for the numbers.\" Gwen's eyes narrowed. Miles tried to see what she was focusing on. Almost as an afterthought, Gwen added, \"Mine is Earth-64, Spider-Gwen.\" Miles was about to ask about the whole 'Cinematic Universe ' thing, when a red blur swung past the duo. Miles eyes widened. Another Spiderman! Gwen leapt off of tne building, gracefully, like always. \"There. Catch them!\" Miles shot after her. His web secured to the building, and he let out a gasp he didn't know he was holding. The wind was stronger here. It took him a moment to get the right swing pattern. Swish, twip Miles . He thought to himself, swish twip. \"Why are we trying to catch this guy?\" Miles asked. \"Miguel wanted me too,\" Gwen started. \"Who's Miguel?\" \"I'll tell you after we catch this Spiderperson. He wants to make an interspiderperson communications web.\" Gwen started to swing faster, trying to catch up to the spiderperson. Or being. Spider-Ham was a pig. The guy did look normal, but you couldn't tell. Miles settled on Spiderbeing. \"Why?\" \"I'm not sure. But I trust Miguel.\" Gwen said. Off of her next web, she did a totally showing off flip, soaring past Miles, getting closer to the spiderbeing. Miles followed her by launching himself into the skyscraper next to him, and ran gravity defyingly across the building, leaping onto the next one. He totally didn't hum 'Defying Gravity' while doing this. Totally. The spiderbeing, for luck or stupidity, didn't see Miles and Gwen following them as they swung into an apartment window. The two landed on the building next door. \"I feel Aunt May.\" Miles said. In the universes, it seemed to Miles that Aunt May (or Aunt Hay, or Mother, or ' Peter's Aunt') was one of the constants. Even though his worlds on wasn't really his Aunt, she still said he could call him that. The two shared ideas and a meal sometimes, and Aunt May would share the best stories of her and 'Liv's' time spent dating. It was a weird connection, but it still worked. Miles looked at Gwen. \"Should we try the window?\" Gwen shook her head. \"We're trying to make a good impression. Terrifying this spiderbeing (Miles internally cheered) wouldn't work in our favour.\" Gwen nodded to the normal door of the apartment building. \"We'll take off our suits and pretend to be friends of this guy.\" \"Uhh... We don't know his name.\" \"Probably some variant of Peter. This is my third time doing this, and they were all Peter.\" \"What does the multiverse love the name Peter?\" Miles asked. Gwen shrugged. \"Do you mind looking away so I can...\" Gwen gestured at her suit. Miles winced and walked behind a door of roof entrance thing, whatever they were called, and undid his suit. His clothes were on underneath, and Miles spread them out so it looked less like he had been wearing a spidersuit all day. Aunt May's technology was amazing. \"I'm good!\" Gwen's voice called out. Miles turned and saw her back in something in weird detail, like all the thing's here. She looked weird. She tossed a sweater from this world at him. \"Here. Blend in.\" \"My face is still realistic.\" Miles reminded her. \"Just put it on.\" Gwen said. Miles struggled on the sweater. As soon as he put it on, he gasped. \"Are you, cartoonish?\" Gwen was in the hyperdetail of this world. Dots were on her face, but they weren't freckles. Twinges of red and other colors were blended in, like a painting. Miles looked at his own hands. Small lines marked them. His palms were even a slightly lighter color than the rest of his body. A strange jittering in his atoms seemed to disappear. He half-hoped for a mirror. \"How do I look?\" \"Like you would if this was your universe.\" Gwen said. She brushed back a few strands of hair. Hair looked weird, like it was a gazillion tiny strands making it up. \"Let's go.\" Gwen leapt down from the building with a flip, doing a perfect landing at the bottom. She was better at things like that then Miles was. Miles scrambled down the side of the building to the street. The sidewalk looked like small rocks were in it. The two nonchalantly walked to the apartment building that the spiderbeing went into. The two turned to the stairs and started climbing. Miles never liked the stairs before the spider. \"Do you know what floor?\" \"This one.\" Gwen opened the door to a long hallway. \"And the room?\" \"Here.\" Gwen knocked on the door. It swung open to reveal a youngish women. The face was still recognizable. Aunt May. \"Hey, you friends of Peter?\" She asked. \"Yes, well I'm from school.\" Gwen said. \"Miles is my friend. I need to ask Peter something about our homework. I'd usually call, but I was in the neighborhood so it was easier to swing by.\" \"Of course,\" May gave them a big smile. \"He's in there with Tony Stark! He won a contest and got an internship!\" She seemed so excited. \"Just wait for him out here.\" The two sat down on the fuzzy coaches. They were more comfortable than Miles' coaches. \"Tony Stark?\" Miles asked Gwen. \"It think she means Tony Potts, that was his old name in my universe. He and Pepper Potts got married a few years ago. The Fe-male suit he made for the wedding was cool.\" \"Iron-male suit?\" Miles asked. Gwen shrugged. \"That's what the press called it. He's behind all of Ironman's suits. Pepper is the one who actually uses them, but people called them the Ironman suits and Ironmaiden didn't stick.\" \"My universe doesn't have a Tony Stark.\" Miles said, his brain swimming with information. Ironman? Tony Potts? Before he could process it, the door to what Miles assumed was Peter's bedroom swung open. A guy in a goatee walked out, followed by a wide-eyed teenager. The teenager turned, and stared at Miles and Gwen. Okay, let's this one last time. My name is Peter Parker. I was bitten by a radioactive spider, and for the last few moths, I was your friendly neighborhood Spiderman. I'm pretty cool, saved cats from trees, helped old ladies cross the street, once stopped a car, that sort of thing. I still feel like I could do more, you know? So when Tony Stark asks for my help with Captain America, who am I to say no?! Tony Stark was talking to May about his trip to Germany. Some internship seminar cover thing. Peter didn't really care. He had been noticed by Tony Stark! Offered a semireal internship! The whole stalking you and knowing your secret identity wasn't real cool, but Tony Stark! Peter was so excited he almost didn't notice his spidersense tingling. It was really weird this time, like electricity. Peter turned to the coach, and saw two people. His senses were screaming him to see something. \"Oh Peter, your friends came over,\" Aunt May said. The blonde one waved. His spidersense screamed. Mr. Stark walked over. Peter lifted his foot, and set it down, one after another, until he was right next to the two. Their eyes met. Everything made sense. \"You're like me.\" Peter stated. It was like saying a red car was red. Truth. Nothing would make the red car not red and nothing would make that statement anything but the most sincere truth. \"What do you mean 'You're like me!'\" Mr. Stark asked. Peter didn't hear. \"How?\" Peter asked. \"My name is Gwen Stacy.\" The blonde girl said. \"I'm also known as Spiderwoman.\" Peter blinked. \"What?\" \"I'm Miles, Morales,\" the other kid said. \"Also known as the Ultimate Spiderman.\" The girl, Gwen, snorted. \"Hey, if the Miguel guy didn't give my universe a name yet, ultimate sounds good.\" Miles protested. Internally, Peter was panicking. Aunt May didn't know yet. This would give away his secret. \"Wait,\" Aunt May said, \"Peter can't be Spiderman.\" \"Wait, she doesn't know?\" Gwen asked. She groaned, and visibly slumped over. \"Sorry for outing you. All the other Aunt May's knew.\" \"While this is all nice,\" Mr. Stark to the rescue! \"Me and Peter have a plane to catch.\" \"You're Tony Potts. You run Stark Electronics. You built the Ironman suits. If anyone can delay a plane, it's you.\" Gwen said. \"It's Tony Stark. Pepper and I aren't a thing anymore. And it's Stark Enterprises, not Electronics. And I didn't just build the suits, I am Ironman.\" \"And I'm from a universe where the exact opposite is true. You're Tony Potts, married to Ironman, aka Pepper Potts, and you run Stark Electronics and build the Ironman suits. Pepper Potts flies them. \" Gwen said. Peter was flabbergasted. Even Mr. Stark looked taken aback. \"Wait, Peter is Spiderman?\" Aunt May said. \"Prove your from an alternate world.\" Mr. Stark ordered. Gwen shrugged off a sweater she was wearing. Her face melted off. In it's place was really impressive CGI. Or an animatronic? It wasn't real, it beamed. Like plastic? The hairs were clumped together. A CGI comic book. That was what it looked like. Miles took off his sweater. The two looked similar, but different. Miles didn't glow as much. It was so weird. And very off putting. The movement was slightly jarring. \"Look,\" Gwen said, \"we were sent by this guy called Miguel. He wants to make a Spider Web, or a way for all the spiderbeings to communicate. Here's your gizmo.\" Peter caught a weird usb drive thingy. An awkward silence filled the air. \"Well,\" Gwen said, \"we did what we came here for. The gizmo will fit into any electronic device port. If you don't have one, just click the middle button and Miguel will get one to you.\" A portal suddenly opened in the room. Gwen and Miles walked through. \"Again,\" Aunt May said, \"what the...? \" Miles was back to his room. The time hadn't change at all. \"Sorry for taking over,\" Gwen said. \"I didn't want to overwhelm your first time.\" \"It's cool. I needed to stretch my legs.\" Miles felt so much calmer. And hungrier. But he was always hungry. \"If Miguel needs me again?\" Gwen asked. \"I'd love to come!\" Miles said excitedly. \"I mean, if...\" \"Yeah, I'd be fine with it.\" Gwen shrugged. \"I need to go.\" The pause lingered. Gwen opened a portal with her goober. \"Bye,\" she said, and vanished. \"Bye.\" Miles replied, too late for her to hear. He looked at his desk. Art essays wouldn't write themselves. The page was still blank. \"How did it go?\" \"She interfered a bit too much, but it was more of a right place, wrong time. I've fixed the problem, but we have to pay more attention to the major timelines. She brought the 'Ultimate' Spiderman with her.\" \"Ultimate?\" \"Where the multiverse almost collapsed.\" \"Hmmm.\" \"I'd recommend a more insular spiderbeing for her next assignment. Maybe Earth-1384? Snowspider?\" \"Yeah.\" Miguel said. \"That could work.\" So, Into the Spiderverse is beyond amazing! It is easily my favourite animated movie of all time, and the competition is tough. Of course, with the worlds, a million different spiderbeings can happen, and this story is exploring different possibilities. If you have an OC or fandom you want a spiderbeing to appear in, than just ask! Miles and Gwen need to give the Gizmos to all spiderbeings and grow the Spider Web! -Calm She Jaguar, HarceusMjalga, Out![Chapter 2] Okay, let's do this one last time... Miles was jamming to a new song he recorded as Spiderman. Joy to the World (That I Just Saved) would be a hit. He did needed to use some autotune, as much as he cringed at the idea, to disguise his voice, or never sing again as Miles. The first option was better. The math homework he had laid forgotten on his bed. Why homework when you can listen to yourself singing? Of course, it was also because the homework was a logic puzzle. Seriously. Miles could math and math all day, but a logic puzzle wasn't math. Who actually used this stuff? The only thing Miles was looking forward to was web slinging and beating up bad guys later. The security guard was being very suspicious of Miles that week, and sneaking out was harder than it looked, especially after the hole in the security system he had been using was patched. Miles would have to ask his roommate about another later. Miles pushed off his headphones, and turned his attention to his bed. He really didn't want to find where Sally's car had gone. And show his work. Miles stared at the book. The answer remained blank. Apparently, being Spiderman didn't give him magic homework solving powers. Miles groaned, and fell on his bed. He felt the air behind him warming. He turned around and a light shone on his face. Miles recognized the color. A portal opened up in his room. Gwen Stacy appeared, in her normal spidersuit, but also wearing a hat, coat, gloves, and the two sweaters tied around her waist. Miles wondered if it was winter in her world. The timelines aways seemed a bit off. \"Gwen!\" Miles exclaimed, jumping up from his bed. \"New mission?\" \"No. I just came here because I felt like it,\" Gwen said, rolling her very hot eyes. \"Of course a new mission! And Miguel liked your performance so much, congratulations, you're my new spiderpartner.\" \"Cool.\" Miles said. \"Do I get a goober to?\" \"Gizmo.\" Gwen corrected. \"You get one of the Spider Webbers, but Miguel's protective of his gizmos.\" She tossed one of the spiderversal usb plugs. Miles slipped it into his jean pocket. He grabbed his Spiderman suit from his closet. \"Where we going this time?\" Miles asked. \"Earth-1384, Winterland. Miguel suggested to bring a coat. Apparently, it's a world partly trapped in an Ice Age kindoff thing, but everyone is able to survive.\" \"When do I get to meet Miguel?\" Miles opened the closet. \"When Miguel wants to talk with you.\" Gwen said. \"Now hurry up.\" Miles scrambled to find his spidersuit. Or just suit. It was in the back, hidden behind some of his roommates things. He quickly put it on over his clothes, and put on the heaviest jacket he had. Most of his winter stuff was still at his parents apartment. \"Ready!\" Miles called out. Gwen put up her mask, her face glowing in a florescent light. \"Let's go.\" She and Miles walked into the portal. A tingle filled Miles as he was reorganized, or whatever it was called, into something that wouldn't start glitching out once they reached Winterland. \"Woah.\" Miles said. He took a step forward, feeling the cool of the snow on his face. The suit didn't do cold that will. Everything looked like a rough sketch that someone added color too. None of the trees looked like they were made up of straight lines, but rather, pencils layered upon each other. \"Where are we?\" \"We should have landed near Snowspider.\" Gwen played with her gizmo. \"They should be nearby.\" \"Look!\" Miles shouted. Flying down a pathway paved with snow, a blue and light gray shape was coming up. A spider logo was on the front in a way that screamed 'spiderbeing.' The figures face was covered in a ski mask and ski googles, had heavy gloves on their hands, and snow pants and a coat. They were clearly dressed for the weather. The spiderbeing raced down on a snowboard. Once they were next to Gwen and Miles, they pushed out webs, grabbing hold of a tree, and did a ridiculously awesome flip and landed on their snowboard perfectly. The being pushed up the googles and pushed down the ski mask, revealing a muted blue and gray spidermask underneath. In an accent that sounded like the cross between a Scottish and an Australian, the feminine voice asked, \"You're like me?\" Gwen facepalmed. Okay, let's do this one last time. M y name is Winter Peak. I was bitten by a radioactive spider and for the past year, I've been the Icespectacular Snowspider. Pretty sure you know the rest. I learned to swing, saved my parents and Peak's Ski Resort from Kingpin Resorts and Spas, got a free pass for as many hot chocolates I want at the main lodge, and basically have been the best snowboarder ever and, without the mask, a good skier at the best Ski Resort in the world. But then, life changes. After my girlfriend, Joy Parker, died in a skiing accident I should've prevented, I've dedicated my time as Snowspider to help out around the Peak, and save people from accidents when they do winter sports. It's been pretty good. If lonely. Kidding. I, well, Snowspider, doesn't get lonely. I have Ms. Parker to help me out sometimes, she lives with us now, after the accident. I'm a homeschooler, I'm used to being insular, it's fine. Winter was not fine right now. She had been having a fine day, going down the more secluded trails, and making some of her own, which wasn't recommended, but the Peak had been having a slow day, and she'd finished her school. Then, she saw a crazy portal open up, and two people fall out. She investigated it, and found two people clearly not dressed for how cold the Peak got. What was crazier, they were in weird Snowspider costumes. She was going to tell off the cosplayers, their clothing was not suitable for the weather, when she found a connection. A buzz, two people getting off the ski lift perfectly in sync. She hadn't felt it since Joy. She asked them, \"You're like me?\" The one better dressed put her hand in her face for some reason. The one that was definitely cold, said, \"Yes. I'm Miles...\" \"Hi Mile',\" Winter said. \"And that is Gwen.\" \"Unu'ual name', Mile' and Gwen.\" The girl named Gwen lowered her hand from her face. \"It's Mile s. \" \"That' what I 'aid. Mile '. \" Winter emphasized the last syllable. The weird sound they were making must be some kind of foreign accent. She didn't think Snowspider was that popular. \"Whatever. I'm Spiderwoman and Miles is Spiderman.\" \"Wait, there' more 'pider people?\" Winter asked. \"We're from an alternate dimension.\" \"That explain' the weird ac'ent.\" Winter mused. Spiderwoman. 'piderwoman. It didn't sound quite right. Snowspider was cooler. \"Yeah,\" Miles said. \"We're here to give you a goober. It'll let you be part of an interdimensional Spider Web.\" \"So all the Spiderbeings can team up.\" Gwen added. \"In an emergen'y or 'omething?\" Winter asked. \"Exactly.\" Gwen said. \"Woah!\" The two foreigners covered their eyes as a blinding white light shone for half a second. Winter cursed. \"What is it?\" Miles asked. \"Kingpin, re'ort and 'pa. They alway' are trying to 'teal my parent' 'ki pla'e. They mu't've 'een you, and are trying to frame it on 'ome health violation. You aren't wearing proper clothing for thi' weather.\" Winter explained. \"Should we stop them?\" Gwen asked. Winter shook her head. \"Be't to get you back to the lodge. I have a room where I keep my 'now'pider 'upplies. I'll let you borrow 'ome. Then we can yet the photo.\" \"Do they do this often?\" Miles asked. \"Pretty much. Kingpin ha' deep pocket'. Not deep enough to get the Peak, unle' they can frame a health violation or 'omething.\" \"Sorry.\" Miles apologized. \"It happen'. Now let' 'ee if you really are 'pider'!\" Winter jumped on her snowboard, her sticking feet keeping her on without straps. She pushed off and started to swing off of the trees. Miles and Gwen leapt after her, the trio of spiderbeings racing down the mountain. Winter sometimes snowboarded down instead of swinging. She was amazing, jumping off of the ramps and landing perfectly. Miles and Gwen struggled to keep up. At the bottom of the hill, a large cottage-like building laid. The trio landed on the roof. \"In here.\" Winter pushed back a loose board, and crawled inside the roof. Old cardboard boxes and knickknacks laid on the forgotten storage room. There wasn't enough room to stand, but the three sat up. Winter closed the loose board, plunging the room into darkness, before turning on a battery-powered lamp that illuminated the room. \"You're taking this alternate dimensions thing really well.\" Miles commented. Winter shrugged. \"I on'e had an evil Doctor want to turn the re'ort into an octopu' playground. After that, nothing can pha'e you.\" Winter scrounged through one of the boxes. \"We never got your name.\" Gwen said. \" 'now'pider. Winter Peak.\" Winter threw snowpants and a heavy coat at Miles and Gwen. She turned around and pulled off her mask. She had a slightly chubby, dark brown face, that you could see the sketch lines in. Gwen and Miles responded with the same courtesy. Winters eyes opened wide, her eyes eyebrows flying off of her face. \"That' different. What i' it called?\" \"3D I think.\" Miles responded. \"What am I in?\" \"2D.\" \"The third dimension i' real?\" Winter asked. She blinked. \"Cool.\" A silence filled the air. Gwen cleared her throat. \"We need to get home soon. Can we...?\" \"Of cour'e! 'orry. We gotta go, gotta get the job done.\" \"Gotta start a new nation, gotta meet my son!\" Miles sang. \"You know Miranda? The play?\" Winter asked. \"I love Hamilton!\" Miles replied. \"What' Hamilton?\" Winter tilted her head. Miles gasped. \"We need to get the footage, remember?\" Gwen butted in. Winter nodded. \"Get your clothe' on!\" The two put on the snow gear over there suits. \"This isn't flexible.\" Gwen grumbled. \"Better than free'ing. Mile' probably ha' it wor't.\" Winter reminded. Yes, Miles did indeed have it worse. He didn't think about it, and soon the three were leaping through the trees. Winter -Snowspider- seemed to know exactly where all of Kingpin's hideouts were. They had checked two and found both empty. \"Three time' make' a triplet.\" Winter said brightly. Miles guessed that meant ' third times a charm.' The third hideout was right next to a frozen lake. A small cabin, decayed by time in some areas, remarkably preserved by the ice in others, was near the shore. Winter, Miles, and Gwen swung in. Three people were there. One raised a weapon at Winter. She used her webs to grab it. \"Property violation. Thi' your eighth time.\" She dismantled the weird weapon with practiced ease. Gwen and Miles started to web them up. Miles found a camera negative. \"Ye'! That' what I need. Thank you!\" Winter said. \"What will you do with them?\" Gwen asked. Winter shrugged. \"Tell Mama and Baba. They're warm enough to last for a few hours.\" Winter replied. A sigh left her lips. \"You need to leave now?\" \"We have our own worlds.\" Gwen said. \"You can talk with us, though through your gizmo. \"Vi'it? Teach me to make that weird 'ound?\" Winter asked. \"It' ni'e living here, but really lonely. \" \"Someday.\" Gwen promised. She opened a portal. \"C'mon Miles.\" Miles landed alone on his bed. He wondered if Snowspider was any good at math. \"How'd they do this time?\" \"Their mission was a success. Snowspider has been added to the emergency contact list.\" \"Cool. How's the Spider Web?\" \"Finding new stable worlds has been slow. Other than that, Cinematic Universe -Peter Parker has started posting things called 'Vines' from his world. Peni Parker has responded with footage from her robot-cam. Snowspider has been asking about uploading pictures.\" \"You can't upload negatives yet. I'll have to improve that.\" \"Peni is upset that her holovideo won't load properly.\" \"Ugh.\" Miguel complained, \"I can't do everything at once. This and the solar panel computer for older universes?\" \"I'll put it on the to-do list.\" First new spider, Snowspider! She snowboards but as Winter Peak skies. Both are really fun winter sports. She basically lives in an Ice Age world, so it isn't ever summer. If any of you have any spidersona's you want to see, just PM me and we'll work something out. Oh, and I decided to try updating this on Thursday's, but this week things went haywire. -Calm She Jaguar, HarceusMjalga, Out![Chapter 3] Okay, let's do this one last time... Miles' roommate Ganke was like having a sibling. Or, what Miles thought having a sibling would be like. The two did everything together, homework, sports, everything but painting. He was Miles' best friend and confident in spiderstuff. The two were surfing the Spider Web together. The programming skills Miguel must have in his world were phenomenal. There were websites such as Spiderpedia that you could post information about your world and yourself, blog templates to make your own spiderblog, Webber acted as an interdimentional lexicon guide, Webhub to share technology designs, a meme sharing sight called s-PIE-der, Thwip! for the search engine, and the most popular site, Spiderbook. Every spiderbeing used Spiderbook. It allowed for easy communication between the 13 (and counting!) spiderbeings. Gwen had posted a funny dog video. The dog jumped off a small cliff like he was Air Bud, and landed horribly. The caption said that Gerry wished he was spiderman. Ganke was using the computer. He 'webbed' the video. \"You know, eventually you'll need to talk to Gwen outside your job. \" \"Spiderman isn't a job, it's a lifestyle.\" Miles replied, sticking his fingers together lightly, and pulling them apart. \"Does your lifestyle include not getting your writing assignment done?\" The homework they had over the weekend was light, but exhausting. His math problem took three pages of work! \"Extracurricular activities? I can't write about being Spiderman, Mx Chilton would never believe me.\" \"Xe is a pretty strict teacher. Will you be able to go to my house this weekend?\" \"I still need to talk to Mama about it. Can't wait to see your rig.\" \"Custom computer, custom board, jailbreaked tablet, what could be better?\" Ganke asked. A female voice answered. \"Miles hanging out in a digital dimension?\" The two turned around to see a short-haired girl, who was wearing a white spiderwoman costume. \"Gwen!\" Miles exclaimed. \"This is her?\" Ganke asked. He stood up and stuck his hand out. \"Hey, I'm Ganke.\" \"Gwen, also known as Spiderwoman. But you knew that.\" \"Wow.\" Ganke said. \"Anyway, Miles, a spiderbeing needs us. Their spidername's Arenuelo.\" \"I'll get suited up.\" \"Can I come?\" Ganke asked. Gwen shook her head. \"Better to be safe. This is our job. You're Miles' guy in the chair. Set up a website or something on the Spider Web for people like you. Ned also has an account, he's MCU's partner.\" \"MCU?\" \"The first mission.\" Miles reminded. Ganke nodded. Gwen rolled her eyes. \"Let's go.\" Ganke started singing, \"We gotta go, gotta get things done.\" \"Gotta start a new nation, gotta meet my son!\" Gwen finished. \"You have Hamilton in this world? I knew Miles knew it, but who knows.\" \"Alexander Hamilton's awesome!\" Ganke responded, fanboying. \"Especially that opening.\" \"Eliza Schuyler. My name is Eliza Schuyler. And there's a million things I haven't done, but just you wait, just you wait.\" Gwen sang. \"The shows about Eliza in your world? Ours is about Alexander!\" Ganke replied. \"I'm sorry.\" Gwen deadpanned. \"Sorry for, like, butting in, but don't we need to deal with Arenuelo?\" Miles asked. \"See you.\" Ganke replied. Gwen fiddled with her gizmo, and soon Miles and Gwen were flying through a portal. \"Wow.\" Miles said once he saw Arenuelo's world. \"Earth-01011000,\" Gwen replied, \"X.\" It was like the Internet had come to life. Everything hustled and bustled worse than Time's Squ during the tourist season. Buildings like skyscrapers, but brightly colored and filled with different businesses, towered towards a white sky. Floating machines were everywhere, transporting avatars of people of every ethnicity. Miles could hardly believe his eyes. \"How will wil find Arenuelo here?\" \"I'm not sure.\" Gwen admitted. \"The best plan I have is to just search.\" Miles nodded. He walked up to one of the avatars. They were slightly creepy, with unmoving expressions. \"Hey?\" Miles walked next to one of them, \"Do you know who Aranuelo is?\" The avatar didn't even blink. They made a swipping motion with their hands, causing a car to appear. They got into the car, and drove off. Miles' jaw dropped. \"What?\" \"This might be harder than I thought.\" Gwen sighed. O kay, let's do this one last time... My name is Rocko Parko, and for the last year I've been the Aranuelo. It's been pretty normal around here, I learned Latin for fun, protected Governleaks from people who'd rather not have information get out, started a freedom of information movement, and earned enough money to legally change my name from Petra. So, yeah, life in the Internet is pretty cool. Not much I really need. People love me! People love Aranuelo. Life is good. Life is not good. Apparently leaking details from a far left group about cyber attacks on a far right group was not well received by the far left group. Or vice versa. Especially not at the same time. At least Government can't censor the website. Technically he didn't break the law. Simply, exposed a loophole. Hey, it's what he did. Aranuelo ran into a real. The real vanished in a puff of smoke. \"Sorry for timing you out!\" The reals can't hear you of course. Didn't hurt to be polite, he was programmed right. One of the far lefts grabbed his neon green suit. Aranuelo cursed, and leapt onto one of the buildings. He scurried up them, grateful that the group didn't have enough pull for a helicopter. A loud buzz filled the air. The far right group did have a helicopter! \"Why?! Just why?!\" Aranuelo screamed. The helicopter responded with a search light, blinding Aranuelo. He activated his sunglasses, tinting his white eyepeephole things dark green. Aranuelo closed his eyes, aware the what he was about to do would hurt. He relaxed his muscles. His body flurried over in colors, before he 'glitched' away to some other location. He hoped that he didn't land in a bad part of the web. Hopefully a family blog or something. And when did he get what he wanted? Miles was not having any luck finding Aranuelo. \"How is a spiderguy so hard to find? We've been looking forever!\" \"Actually it's only been fifteen minutes. Time works differently here.\" Gwen responded. Miles groaned. A street side store with a graduating owl was on the side of the road. The two walked up to the store. \"Hey,\" Miles said. \"Horse hey? Hey, I'm broke? Hey girls?\" The owl asked. The two didn't even blink. This wasn't as weird as the catbus. \"Do you know where Aranuelo is?\" Miles continued. \"I have six thousand and five results.\" \"I mean, digitally.\" \"I have eight results.\" Gwen stepped in. \"Currently.\" \"Press the button.\" The owl said. Gwen shrugged and pushed it. A car formed around Miles and Gwen. \"Thank you? Would you like to rate...\" The car was out of earshot before Miles could hear what he should rate. The car stopped in front of a person in a spidersuit, hiding. \"Are you Aranuelo?\" Gwen questioned from the car. \"You're like me?\" Aranuelo asked. Gwen nodded. \"Cool. \"We're making an interdimensional spider community...\" Gwen explained the Spider Web to Aranuelo. The spiderbeing nodded along. Eventually, he got his goober. \"Wish Zalde music played right then.\" Aranuelo remarked. \"Zalde?\" Miles asked. \"Legend of Zalde. Pretty fun emulators.\" Aranuelo stood up. \"I'd love to chat, but leftists and rightist are trying to capture me.\" \"Which are you?\" Gwen asked. \"Anarchist. See you.\" Aranuelo started to run away. When he was half-gone, his body contorted like it was glitching, and he disappeared. \"That was anticlimactic.\" Miles mused. \"At least things were simple this time.\" Gwen said. \"Let's go.\" Gwen barely had time to say goodbye to Ganke before she left. Ganke turned to Miles from his position on the bed. \"It's been ten minutes.\" Miles took off his mask. \"Homework before explaining that weird adventure.\" \"Miles and Gwen are officially the first spiderbeings to successfully accomplish all parameters of the mission.\" \"They found Rocko, explained the goobers, and got out?\" \"No helping to solve crimes or causing a major incident.\" \"Not my fault I'm flashy!\" \"Your still unposted Spiderpedia page is over twelve thousand words. And counting. Half of which are exclusively about your favorite food.\" Miguel put down the brussel sprout he had been eating. \"I was hungry?\" \"I believe you have extreme social anxiety.\" \"At least the Wild West themed computer is done.\" Yeah. Sorry for the shorter chapter, it's been a long week. Thank you to the people who have suggested Spiders! First I'll do this Wild West spiderbeing before them, I have a few logistics to work out, but soon, I promise. -Calm She Jaguar, HarceusMjalga out.[Chapter 4] Okay, let's do this one last time... Miles was exhausted. Ganke was asleep. They had had a field trip that ended with a kid getting arrested for defacing a priceless art piece. It was a statue of a naked man. The trip was boring, i Miles wanted to see art, he'd look on the street, not at art in a museum from a bunch of white guys. After the field trip, while they were coming home, a car accident blocked the bus for several hours. The teachers insisted on the lights being kept on, and for everyone to stay in their seats properly, so no sleep after a dull day of looking at a bunch of splatter on a canvas. \"Maybe I should Spiderman.\" Miles said. He might've promised Ganke he'd take one night off a week unless Gwen needed him, but Ganke wouldn't know. Unless Ganke found out and didn't end up wanting to go to the school dance in three weeks with Miles. That would be a problem webs couldn't fix. Miles closed his eyes, letting sleep take him away. Almost as soon as he closed his eyes, he felt a taping on his shoulder. \"Miles!\" A voice hissed. \"Gwen?\" Miles rolled over. He suddenly sat up, bumping his head on the ceiling. \"Ow...\" Gwen shook her head and threw his Spidersuit at him. Miles fumbled with it. \"Earth-1800, Wild West.\" \"Yeah, yeah, give me a minute, don't wake up Ganke.\" Miles started to put on his suit. It needed baby powder. \"Too late.\" Ganke's voice muttered from beneath his sheets. \"Sorry. Spidermergency.\" Gwen apologized. \"Does everything have to start with spider with you guys?\" \"No, \" Miles replied, zipping up his suit. \"Sometimes it ends in web.\" Ganke groaned, and his Spiderman bedsheets rustled. \"Turn off the lights before you go.\" \"Don't worry.\" Gwen flipped off the lamp. She then turned the light off. \"Let's go.\" Miles felt the familiar tingle of dimensional travel almost before it began. A few seconds and it cleared. The sun rose high in the blue sky. Endless seas of grass spraweled in almost all directions, in washed out colors. Nothing in almost all directions. Miles had never seen anything like it. To Miles' right, he could see a town in the distance. A small town. \"How does a Spiderbeing live here?\" \"I have no idea.\" Gwen said, tying her zweater around her waist. \"Let's try the town.\" Inside the eye of a hurricane, there is quiet. Miles and Gwen walked, the sun beating down on them. For just a moment, And walked, the shortish distance riddled with holes in the ground. A yellow sky. And walked, the soft, dry soil yearning for their water. -Hurricane, Hamilton \"I did not put on enough deoderent for how much I'm sweating. \" Miles said. His hair was soaked. \"At least the towns here.\" Gwen remarked. Miles sighed, and attempted to pull down his mask. Gwen swatted his hand. \"Ow, what was that?\" Miles asked. \"I've never seen a western movie that wasn't racist.\" Gwen replied. Miles thought of the little parts he'd seen and agreed. \"And most are set before the Civil War.\" Miles noted. Inside, he was crushed. Being a criminal for his skin color was bad enough, but hiding who he was because of being trapped in the past? \"So,\" Miles shook her head of his thoughts, \"we'll just walk around with our suits on? How will we get the goober to this spiderbeing whoever they are?\" \"I don't know who they are. Miguel never told me. His chart said there was a spiderbeing, but the lack of technology inhibited him from collecting more data.\" \"Wait, how will the goober work without a computer?\" \"It's a computer in a book. Books are usually innocuous.\" Gwen explained, showing an old-looking book. Miles had to admit it was clever. \"So, we just go into town.\" \"Yeah.\" Gwen replied. A gunshot rang out, followed by shouting. A person carrying a bag with a S struck down marked on it ran near Gwen and Miles. Gwen leapt in front of the person and kicked them. The person screamed and collapsed. Two men in police gear ran up to Gwen. One had a grain in between his teeth. \"You just saved the bank!\" The one with grain exclaimed. \"All the gold in the bank was in his bag.\" Gwen picked the bag up and gave it to the man. For gold, it was surprisingly light. Gwen spoke in a boyish voice, \"And you are?\" \"Sheriff Carl Danvers, but you can call me Carl. We guard this town from thieves like old Billton there. Officer Grand, arrest him.\" Officer Grand bumbled out a pair of handcuffs and started to fumble through rights while locking up Billton. Billton was still recovering from the hit. Carl clapped his hands, \"Now, business to business. Why are you wearing masks and who are you?\" Gwen pulled down her mask, eliciting a gasp from the two men. \"Gwen. And this is Miles. He suffered a bad injury when he was younger so he can't take off his mask. I wear one to be sensitive.\" The lie slipped easily from Gwen's lips. Carl nodded. \"Say,\" Officer Grand said, \"what is a fine lady like you doing in such weird clothing? Y'all look like a circus.\" \"And is short hair some newfangled thing?\" Carl asked. \"All the rage up North.\" \"And the skin suit?\" \"Me and Miles ran into some trouble along the way. Our clothes look like costumes because they are. We had to borrow clothes and walk here.\" Carl frowned. \"If you need a place to stay,\" he offered, \" my door is open.\" \"That would be great. If Miles agrees?\" \"Yeah,\" Moles replied, \"why not?\" \"Y'all can meet my wife. She's swell.\" Carl smiled slightly. A gold tooth could be seen. Shadowlands, the leaves have fallen. This shadowed land, this was our home. The rivers dry, the ground has broken. So I must go. Now I must go.- Shadowland, The Lion King Broadway After Miles and Gwen had a hearty meal courtesy of Marigold, Carl's wife, they laid on the floor with several scratchy blankets after refusing the bed. Neither was fully asleep. \"Gwen?\" \"Hmm?\" Gwen replied from her side, closest to the door. \"Do you feel like the Spider isn't in this town?\" \"I'm,\" Gwen paused, \"not sure. Usually their's a connection, but I haven't felt anything since we got here.\" \"Maybe we went the wrong way?\" Miles suggested. Gwen hmmed. \"We'll ask about other settlements in the morning. Right now-\" a loud trumpet cut her off. A shout and gun shots were heard, followed by earsplitting screams. Gwen and Miles leapt up. Carl ran to their room. \"What is it?\" Miles asked. \"The Indians! Must be trying to steal our crops again!\" Carl finished with a slur. Gwen inhaled audibly. Carl blushed. \"Sorry you lady had to hear that. The Indians are a parasite on these plains. We always have to fight them off. Stay safe inside.\" Carl grabbed a gun hanging over the door and ran outside. More shouting and gunshots were heard. Miles felt sick when he heard a cheer. \"We can't let them do this.\" \"History is already written.\" \"History is written by the white victors.\" Miles replied. \"Why does this world have to be the same? We have a chance to change things for the better. \"This isn't changing our past, this is making their future better. At least for one person.\" Miles added the last sentence quietly. Gwen brushed back a hair. She pulled her mask over her face. \"Let's go.\" We are warriors. Yeah that's what we've become. I won't let them break me down to dust, I know that there's a place for us. For we are glorious! - This is Me, The Greatest Showman Dead bodies of Native Americans paved the grass with blood. The band was truly desperate for the land taken from them. Miles couldn't identify the tribe with the meager knowledge he had of Native Americans, but he knew a hungry person. A desperate person. They were dangerous. When Gwen and Miles walked outside, Carl called out to Gwen to stay inside. No word for Miles. \"We can fix this.\" Gwen said. Carl went whiter than he was. \"It's... Them.\" Carl exclaimed pointing. \"Spider-demon!\" A collective shout of fear rose from the town. Gwen and Miles ran up to see a figure in a suit not unlike theirs, but looser. The beings mask and clothes were made of leather, and the design reminded Miles of the Devil in Hell's Kitchen. Eye holes were cut out, and Miles and Gwen cpuld see the saddish black eyes that the figure carried. \"Everyone!\" Carl shouted, \"Fire on the monster!\" Guns rang out as a fiery array of Hollywood bullets sprang towards the Spiderbeing. When the smoke cleared, they hadn't been hit. The being continued walking forward, and started singing a sad song. A song of loss. A song, Miles and Gwen could understand, through their connection with the spider. Where has my mother gone, blood lay dry? Why has my brother died, is compassion a lie? When my father rode off for food where did you gun him down? What did you hang his skin on after the knife? \"A massacre.\" Gwen realized. \"Her tribe must have been destroyed. Her history gone. The loss of her family was like your Uncle or Peter.\" \"What are you talking about? It's a her?\" Carl asked. Why did I survive when my history was torn? Why can I still breath with spider's breath? Why can I not see my family again? \"She is us.\" Miles said. He jumped and ran towards the girl, peeling off his mask. Gwen followed suit. \"A white lady and a black boy!\" Carl shouted. \"Running towards the demon!\" Okay, let's do this one last time... My name was Big Hare. It doesn't matter the language, save for me, we were wiped out. I was cursed by a spider, and became the demon, Spider Fire. My powers seem to stem from my music and webs. I will die with the last wild bison, so my tribe was eradicated, I swore vengeance. Disease was brought by the colonizers, and they must pay, drop for drop, for what they did. They called me a demon. I was. Was. Vengeance goes nowhere. A drop of blood becomes a stream. Streams become rivers and rivers become oceans that drown the world. And then you have so much mess. Now I keep the peace and stop the blood stains. Someday I will fight, but not yet. Spider Fire continued walking. The tribe that had attacked the town had retreated. She almost wished she could. When she saw the strangers appear, she staked out the town, seeing if she could talk to them. She couldn't, and then they attacked. She arrived too late to stop the carnage. Now she got her wish to meet the strangers in another massacre. They were standing, dark and white skinned, in fornt of her. She replied what she thought, in a language that transcends all dimensions. \"You're like me.\" The girl blinked and nodded. \"How?\" Spider Fire ask. The girl babbles something in a different language. Spider Fire shook her head to convey she couldn't hear. The girl frowned and looked at her companion. The dark skinned boy started to sing. \" Miles Morales, my name is Miles Morales. And we have come from elsewhere, to give a gift, give a gift.\" Spider Fire could understand him. She replied in this new form of communication, \" I am the spark of grief, Spider Fire. You are me, another flame, how is this? \" The girl tried to sing, but only made a horrible noise. She said something to Miles. He sang, \" Gwen and I are Spider as well. \" Spider Fire gasped. She pushed a black lock of hair. \" Like me. \" \" Like us. \" \" You speak of a gift, what is it? \" Miles babbled to Gwen, who gave a leatherbound book to Spider Fire. \" Let us explain ...\" It took a long while to convey the goober to Spider Fire. She had never seen anything like it, amd having to sing everything only made it harder. When Spider Fire finally figured it out, Miles and Gwen left. Miles throat hurt as he plopped on his bed. His throat was raw from singing. Miles dreaded Chorus class. Ganke was snoring beneath him. Miles closed his eyes, suit still on, wishing it was Friday. Or Saturday, if the clock was past 12:00. \"We never listen for the songs around us until the sound is still. We never see what our life is worth and perhaps we never will. If everything plays a grander part in a fate we'll never meet. I will not let my days slip away, I will rise up on two feet, and I'll be complete. - I'll Be Complete, Blixemi, Earth-199999, covered by Spider Fire, Earth 1800. \" \"The new spider person is really interested in music from other dimensions.\" \"Music in general, to be more specific.\" \"How is that more specific?\" \"Would you like to favourite her post?\" \"No.\" \"Leave a comment?\" \"Maybe later.\" \"Interact with the other spiderbeings in any way?\" \"Are you mocking me?\" \"You haven't talked to another living being since giving Gwen her gizmo.\" \"What about you?\" \"Living being. It's not healthy.\" \"I'll interact with Gwen when I ship her these water breathing suits.\" \"I thought you were just going to send them over Spiderzon?\" \"It's still technically interacting!\" If Lyla could sigh, Miguel guessed she would have then. I promise not to release any Captain Marvel spoilers until after Endgame comes out. Everyone, take the pledge! After this I'm quitting the Marvel fandom until I see it this weekend. This will be my first MCU movie I can see in theaters! I'm slightly crying at the thought. Spiderverse was life-changing, as it was the first movie I really could see in theaters that I wanted to see. It was my movie, not anyone elses. And it was beautiful. Seeing a movie is beautiful. It is art, true art. Or I'm obsessed. -Calm She Jaguar, HarceusMjalga out![Chapter 5] Okay, let's do this one last time... Ganke sat at his desk. A requirement for his course was to write a fantasy story with the theme 'Deep Water.' The theme made absolutely no sense. How can you write something about deep water when the deepest you've been in was a kiddie pool? And metaphors make beyond no sense. How do you write a metaphor about water? This isn't a princess movie! Miles was absolutely no help. \"Sorry, my theme is 'burn bright,' the complete opposite,\" he appologized, showing off his half-completed rough draft. \"So, you're writing about tigers.\" Ganke deadpanned. Miles laughed at the not so funny joke. \"Actually, me and Spider Fire were talking about her story. I'm planning to write about that, but without the Spider part.\" Miles replied. \"This isn't fanfiction, and Mr. Holliester went on a rant against fanfiction. Joanna actually debated with him on it. Took all of class, and it was beautiful. I think she actually won. She got an 'A' on her paper. He's grumpier now, so I wouldn't risk it.\" \"We haven't had any ocean spiders, Miles!\" Ganke groaned. \"And I doubt Gwen is suddenly going to appear with a wetsuit and say you're going swimming.\" \"Oh thee of faith little.\" Gwen responded. She was holding a weird package. Ganke jumped. \"That was absolutely perfect comedic timing.\" Ganke said. \"Don't you mean, 'Oh ye of little faith?'\" Miles asked. Gwen shook her head. Miles scrunched up with a sheepish smile. \"Dimensional differences.\" \"As always.\" The two stared at each other for a moment. Ganke shifted awkwardly. He coughed. \"Ocean spider?\" Ganke asked. \"Atlantis is real.\" Gwen rolled her eyes, \"Earth-32077.\" \"Atlantispider?\" Miles guessed. \"Actually, Sea Spider.\" Gwen stated. \"One problem,\" Ganke explained, \"Miles can't swim.\" Gwen cursed. \"It can never be that easy.\" \"I can swim!\" Miles exclaimed, trying to recover his dignity. Ganke knew it wouldn't work. Gwen was smart. \"Dog paddle?\" Gwen guessed, giving Miles a look of annoyance. Miles looked away. She sighed, \"My school had Pool Class. All schools need Pool Class.\" \"So, will you leave Miles?\" Ganke asked. \"Ganke!\" Miles groaned, \"Don't give her ideas.\" \"Actually,\" it sounded like the biggest inconvenience in the world, \"he can come. Miguel made us wetsuits with a propeller. No need for swimming knowledge, if you know how water works.\" \"Of course!\" Miles replied. Gwen set down the package, bringing out two beautiful spidersuits, with flippers. She handed the black one to Miles. It was heavy, but that wouldn't matter in the water. \"How will we walk on land with these?\" Gwen pressed a button, and the suit reverted to a sleeker version of Miles' suit. He gasped. Ganke practically leapt to the suit. \"How does that work?\" He asked. \"Ask Miguel.\" \"Who's Miguel?\" Ganke asked, brushing Gwen's white suit. She swatted his hand away. \"The guy who works on the Spider Web,\" responded Gwen. She sighed. \"You sigh a lot.\" Ganke noted. \"Maybe the person who writes our life is a horrible writer and always makes me sigh because why not!\" Gwen exclaimed. She shook her head. \"Sorry. Fustrating day.\" \"Are you okay?\" Miles asked. \"I'm fine.\" Gwen snapped back. Miles only nodded. Gwen sighed again, slowing down her breathing. She put on her spidesuit over her normal clothes. Miles followed, while Ganke looked away from them both, blushing. \"Let's go.\" Gwen opened the portal. \"Good luck!\" Ganke called out as Miles and Gwen were swept away. Miguel's watersuit was phenomenal. Miles could easily breath through it, and barely felt the water that Miles and Gwen had landed in. Miles just floated, watching a fish lazily swim by. Miles always thought it would be dark under the sea, but the light from above illuminated the deep, but relatively shallow, ocean. Gwen barely seemed to notice the blue. \"Come on,\" she practically growled, swimming effortlessly. Miles took a minute to figure out how. One foot down, one foot up, switch. Use the arms for steering, otherwise, keep them to the sides for an aerodynamic shape. Miles wondered how Gwen knew where Sea Spider was. He asked as much. Gwen growled out an answer, \"Peter Parker.\" Miles wondered what got her scales in a rut. The two swam, passing fish and other aquatic life. Miles even thought he saw a whale. Hopefully not a shark waiting to eat spiders like him. They continuously went closer to the bottom of the sea. Miles was burning with questions about what he saw, but kept silent. Gwen wasn't in the mood to be asked. He would respect that. \"Is that?\" Miles asked, gasping. \"Atlantis.\" Gwen confirmed. Miles took in the sights wide-eyed. The fading stone structures of Atlantis were in the hyperdetail of the first world, but more like brush strokes than simple dots. People swam around without need for any equipment. A blue and a pale Atlantean children were playing together. Two guards baring spears pointed at the two. They quickly swam up to the duo. \"You are under arrest for supporting the treason of Peter Parker!\" Gwen flinched. \"What do you mean?\" Miles asked. \"What treason? We just got here!\" \"Nevertheless, the King has ordered that all of the seas populace supporting the Sea Spider to be promptly arrested. Place your fins behind your back!\" Miles quickly complied, with Gwen hurrying soon after, with a sigh. The two were methodically placed inside of an underwater jail, passing by dilapidated looking buildings that functioned as houses for the Atlanteans. Gwen sighed. \"You're like me?\" A voice asked from the back of the cell. A pale person with aquatic features, such as webbing, swam up to the two. He looked like Peter B. in his prime. \"Yes. We are.\" Miles said. The person's eyes were saucerplates, literally. \"I'm not alone? You're also Sea Spiders?\" \"Actually, I'm Miles and Spiderman, and Gwen is Spiderwoman.\" \"Nice to meet you, my lady. That's a Southern Wakandan name, is it not?\" Peter flipped in the water, the equivalent of a bow, Miles guessed. Gwen stared at Peter, before shaking her head. \"Look, I don't know what you've done to get thrown in prison, and I don't care. We just want to give you a computer drive so you can talk to other spiders.\" \"Other spiders?\" Sea Peter asked densely. \"We're from an alternate reality! Okay?\" Gwen huffed, \"You can talk to us and others from many different alternate realities.\" She tried to throw the goober at Sea Peter, but failed to account for buoyancy. The goober only made it halfway. Sea Peter swam forward and grabbed it. Miles swam over to Sea Peter to explain in better detail. Gwen wasn't herself. Okay, let's do this one last time... My name is Peter C. Parker. I was bitten by a radioactive spider and for the past two months, I've been known as Sea Spider. I'm half human, so I can work on both land and sea. My dreams and aspirations are to become an avenger, and win the scholarship contest to go to a Wakandan school. Maybe even Princess Shuri's School of Engineering! Before Luesday, that was all you'd need to know. Just past Luesday, the King of Atlantis' daughters were kidnapped! And it was framed on me! So, not a great day, waiting for a trial, instead of finding the fiends! Seriously, other dimensions? As Princess Shuri of Wakanda, who studied the subject in the 21st century, so brilliantly paraphrased ' While there is evidence and reasoning to support ths existence of dimensions beyond our own, these would undoubtedly be beyond our reasoning and comprehension. Each universe exists in a bubble, direct dimensional travel of more than shared energy would be simply improbable, and more than likely, impossible without the aid of an Infinity Gem. If travel was achived, our atoms would find it difficult to adapt, causing more and more pain, until we inevitably fade out of existence by breaking down into our base energy of atom parts.' She had written an amazing paper about it that is still debated amongst scientists, especially with the newly revealed 'Sorcerers.' It is a hypothesis of Peter that dimensional energy channelers from other dimensions, potentially more powerful and with the aid of an Infinity Gem like Princess Shuri suggested, managed to send these 'spiders' across the fabric of reality. Most of what Miles said was elementary in concept, if not in actual execution. Peter accepted the goober gracefully, hoping to get in contact with 'Miguel.' If he had managed to create consistent transdimentional travel, the inovation in such technology would be brilliant. \"Thank you, my lord. Are you beyond positive that you and your friend will be unable to assist me in uncovering the tyrant who kidnapped the princesses?\" Peter was slightly disappointed. It would be like telling the Infinity Saga to youngsters and ending at the Decimation. \"I'm sure that you'll get it.\" Miles said encouragingly, \"Miguel prefers us not to interfere with a universe's events.\" \"I understand. What is 'you'll'?\" \"A contraction? You and will mashed up?\" Miles explained. \"That is phenomenal! A way to convey the same meaning with less words! You will differentiate equations. You'll differentiate equations!\" Peter was exuberant at the idea of words mashed together. She and has? She's! Will and not? Willn't! The lady, Gwen sighed, \"Look, are we leaving or just swimming around here?\" \"Leaving, sorry Gwen,\" Miles apologized. Gwen sighed again and fiddled with an unordinary button. A beam of light illuminated the water. Gwen grabbed the hand of Miles (Miles' hand?) and threw the duo into the portal. The portal closed as quickly as it appeared, reminiscent of the 'Sorcerers' portals. That was an oddity. Gwen barely stayed a minute before opening a portal home. Ganke was sitting on the bed. Before Gwen could leave, Miles grabbed her hand and yanked her back into his world, closing the portal. \"We need to talk.\" Miles stated, with more confidence than he probably felt. \"No. We don't. Let go of me!\" Gwen was stronger than Miles, and yanked her hand out of his. \"Why did you flinch when the guard mentioned Peter?\" Miles asked. Gwen pulled off her mask, and grabbed her hair. \"I didn't! Leave me alone!\" Gwen growled. \"Please, what's wrong?\" Miles begged. Ganke shuffled to the side of the room. \"What's wrong?\" Gwen hissed, \"Peter is dead! That's what wrong! I've been alive for a year without him now, and now I see a million alternate worlds where he lives! Where I live!\" Gwen burried her head in her hand. \"Peter is dead, but I can see him by using this gizmo. He died because of me, and I can talk to his lookalike when I want to, but it isn't him .\" Gwen looked at Miles, a hint of a tear. \"I wish I could see him. I'm sorry for taking it out on you and Sea Spid-\" Gwen was cut off by Miles giving her a hug. She patted his head in a sisterly manner. And then, she cried. A few tears. That she had. Yet to shed. For her lost. And found. Ganke smiled warmly in the corner. Gwen was in deep water, deep sorrow, deep tears. Drops of water flooding a room. But she could heal, different, but stronger. \"Lyra, will you please talk to me?\" \"Karen has just defeated Lyra at Chess. Karen's creator is obviously more social, as chess relies on understanding human nature.\" \"Next time I make an AI, I won't include jealousy.\" \"Now powering down.\" \"Is this a punishment for not seeing Gwen in person?\" \"Now playing Maybe, from Annie the Broadway Musical.\" \"I'm not antisocial! I'm busy!\" \"List of updates completed, 1462/1590.\" \"Okay... Maybe I am a little antisocial, but that isn't a bad thing.\" \"Last interaction with a human being, eight months.\" \"Not. A. Bad. Thing.\" Miguel growled. \"Current customized emojis for Spider Web, 19383.\" \"That isn't bad!\" \"Average time spent programming, designing, and building: 19 hours per day. Average time spent sleeping: 6 hours per day. Recommend amount of sleep: 8 hours per day.\" \"Fine. I'll finish my upgrades and then meet this Miles kid? Is that good for you?\" \"Now playing Happy, by Pharrell Williams.\" I wanted this chapter to be happy. I wanted this story to have no real conflict. That won't happen. Okay, these characters aren't my own. Especially Sea Spider! Sorry for not including much of him, I didn't want to interfere with your story if you ever write it!to Sea Spider was created by the amazing spiderfan, TheGreatGodzilla! Please check out his stories. Thank you for the inspiration! CalmSheJaguar, HarceusMjalga, Out![Chapter 6] Okay, let's do this one last time... \"Thwip. Will it stick? Or Thwip Will it crash, tumble Thwip To that hard concrete that Thwip Lies on the bottom of the Thwip Abyss of my city?\" Miles finished reading his poem, prompting polite applause from his class. Ten minutes to write a poem about the or a New York superhero. Was it narcissistic to write about Spiderman when you were the Ultimate Spiderman? Maybe. Ganke flashed him a smile as Miles sat back down into his chair. \"Okay, who would like to go next?\" their teacher looked at the class, \"Ganke?\" \"Wish me luck.\" Ganke whispered to Miles. \"This is worth like five points...\" Miles replied. Ganke shrugged as he stood up. \"This poem is titled, 'Vigilantes.'\" Ganke cleared his throut. \"Over the rooftops, The masked of the city run, Keeping our streets safe. When Green Goblin hunts And the Kingpin leads his horde They will keep us safe. And for Spiderman Daredevil, Hawkeye, and more Always be greatful.\" \"Nice usage of Haiku. Wanda, would you like to finish us up?\" A new student with an Eastern European stood up, brushing a dark red hair back. \"This is based off of an old Sokovian legend, if that's okay?\" \"Yeah, you're new to the superhero capital of the world, a poem on superheroes is difficult to write without living here.\" \"Don't worry,\" Wanda smiled, showing a tiny bit of teeth, \"Sokovia also has superheroes.\" Wanda cleared her throat, \"Scarlet Witch, by Wanda Maximoff, \"My city, my country, my home, Broken in many chunks by Those who hate my heritage. They wanted my power to see truth It sent troops, they slaughtered my mother Bombs littered my floor. When I said no, they sent more. And the bombs filled our country. Until I had to leave. But Sokovia is my home. So I fight with my red mist, until My country is free.\" Wanda finished. She sat down, gathering her things. The bell rang. Before Miles or Ganke could even stand up, she had walked out of the classroom. Ganke hurried out the door, he had to see the Band teacher about a problem with his instrument. Miles was thinking about Wanda. He didn't usually notice Wanda. She had immigrated from Sokovia a few weeks ago, and was extremely antisocial. He was curious enough to use his favor. \"Hey, Drake?\" Miles tapped the shoulder of a short white guy. \"Miles! My man! What'cha need?\" Drake clicked the d. \"You know anything about the new girl, Wanda?\" Miles asked. Drake hmmed. \"Not much as I like. She's Sokovian. Kinda private. Twin brother named Peter. I think she is like Romani? Whatever that is. No father at home, raised by her mother. That's about it.\" Drake replied. \"What do you know?\" Information for information. That was how Drake rolled. \"Not much. She said a poem about an old Sokovian legend. The Scarlet Witch.\" Drake whistled softly. \"Now I'm intrigued. Get back to ya later, Student Council is today.\" Miles turned around. His afterschool 'activity' would start soon, after he met with Ganke in their room. The equivalent of signing out before webswinging. Miles made his way through the crowds of everyone going everywhere. His room was tucked in a quiet corner, so eventually the crowds died down. Miles opened his door. \"Miles,\" Gwen said. She was wearing civilian clothing. \"Uh, Gwen.\" Miles smiled. \"How are you?\" \"Good. Better than good,\" Gwen smiled. The silence lingered too long. \"New mission?\" Miles asked, striding over to where he hid his suit. \"Actually, I just wanted to see you. Swing around a bit.\" \"Oh,\" Miles blinked. \"I promised Ganke I wouldn't go out without telling him, so do you want to walk around the school or something?\" \"I was here for a week,\" Gwen reminded Miles. Miles face fell. \"But,\" Gwen continued, her pale face turning red, \"I'd like that.\" \"Okay... This is my room. You are in it. Slightly creepy, but who am I to judge?\" Miles shrugged. He opened the door, and the two walked out of the room, Miles providing running commentary throughout. \"This is the hall, it technically is no girls allowed, so if you see a security guard, hide. Through these double doors is the actual school part of the school.\" Miles pointed out various statues and murals, as well as the room where the Noodle Incident took place. Miles explained, \"We don't talk about the Noodle Incident.\" Gwen rolled her eyes, \"Suzie and Hobbes.\" \"Hobbes and Calvin, here. I think there is a Noodle Incident once or twice, but usually they talk about the Salamander Incident.\" \"Dimensional differences are weird sometimes. Alexander instead of Eliza. I almost want to listen your musical.\" \"I'll Web you a copy.\" \"Is that legal?\" Miles shrugged, \"No laws saying I can't across dimensions, so technically yes.\" Gwen laughed, even as they approached the main hallway in the building. \"Miles! My man! Have I got the lowdown for you! And who is this chick?\" \"Drake.\" Miles greeted. \"Gwanda.\" Gwen replied. Miles briefly wondered why she didn't use Gwen. \"Perfect name since the topic of the day is Wanda!\" Drake grinned, and winked at Gwen. \"What did you find Drake? I'll tell you about 'Gwanda' later,\" Miles offered. \"Well, I found most of this out through Peter, her brother, and Rachel, the chick who won the Geography bee last year. \"Apparently, Sokovia is really war-torn from years of oppression by other governments 'cause of its population being mostly Romani.\" \"Who are Romani?\" Miles asked. \"G dash P.S.Y. Won't say the word outright, turns out it's a racial slur! Learn something new every day. Anyway, Wanda and Peter moved here to avoid that stuff, but I can't find their documents. Might be illegal.\" \"Or in Police Hiding,\" Gwen offered. Drake shrugged. \"Who knows? And another thing,\" Drake continued, \"There aren't any Sokovian legends about a Scarlet Witch.\" \"Are you sure?\" Gwen asked. Drake nodded. \"Got it straight from Boogle and Rachel.\" Drake replied, staring at Gwen slightly lower then her eyes. \"I have to go,\" Gwen said. \"'Kay. Bye Miles, my man. Bye Hot Cup.\" Drake wandered away. Miles sighed. Gwen and Miles wandered the less traversed halls in silence. \"Who's Wanda?\" Gwen asked. \"I am,\" said a voice. Miles and Gwen leapt around, startled to see a girl with cool chestnut brown skin, auburn hair, and green eyes. Wanda was standing next to a boy with identical eyes, but warm skin and stark white hair. \"I'ma Peter by the way,\" Peter quickly said. \"You,\" Wanda looked at Gwen, \"you're like us.\" \"Why do spiderbeings congregate around my universe?\" Miles groaned. \"What do you mean 'spiderbeings?'\" Wanda asked. \"So, you aren't associated with any Spiderman?\" Gwen asked. \"I know him,\" Peter replied without a moment's hesitation. \"Pietro!\" Wanda hissed. The two stared into each others eyes like sibling do. A faint redness surrounded Wanda while she was doing this, but it dissipated so fast, Miles wondered if he imagined it. Wanda sighed. \"Are you from another universe?\" Wanda asked. Gwen looked around the hallway, and gave a brief nod. \"We want to go home. Our father accidentally sent us here. I just want to go home,\" Wanda answered. Gwen looked at Wanda. Wanda asked, \"Do you need proof?\" \"My gizmo is set to only work with Spider-beings. I don't know how you got across. You aren't glitching, are you?\" Gwen sighed. Peter, Pietro, shook his head. \"Then you came through a stable form of travel?\" Miles asked. Wanda bit her lip. Pietro looked at Wanda, and without a moments hesitation replied, \"Our father is a villain.\" He said this quicker than usual. Miles and Gwen shared a glance. Gwen replied in a whisper, \"So was my best friend.\" Wanda and Pietro shared a glance. Miles wondered what it would be like to have a twin. It was like they read each other's mind. Wanda sighed, defeated. She glared at Pietro, and rolled her eyes. A red fog enveloped them, rolling down to show the hyperrealism of Miles' first dimension. Miles took this in stride. \"Our father Magneto and Spider Sapphire were fighting. Wanda and I respect Spider Sapphire, but we love our father. Magneto thought we were on Spider Sapphire's side, Spider Sapphire thought we were with our father. She opened a portal, Magneto chased us through, we woke up here. Gone,\" Pietro finished explaining. \"We need to get home,\" Wanda stated, 'it will be Purim soon. Me and Pietro had been planning to help out at Xavier's for the other Jewish students.\" \"But we don't know how. You don't have mutants and I can't find anyone like Spider Sapphire, only Spiderman.\" \"Who I know you are,\" Wanda added, looking at Miles. Miles eyes widened. \"How did you figure it out?\" Miles asked. Wanda responded by twirling red mist around her fingers. Miles woahed. \"So, we need to find Spider Sapphire, convince her to come with us, and send you home without Miguel finding out I've been exploring alternate dimensions without his approval,\" Gwen summarized. \"Are you sure you can't just bring us back?\" Pietro asked. \"The gizmo is designed to only work with spiderbeings. It stops people like my dad fiddling with it and getting transported to another dimension. In this case though, it prohibits me from taking anyone without spider DNA across dimensions.\" \"Then hurry, please!\" Wanda exclaimed. \"Ready Miles?\" Gwen asked. Miles smiled, \"As always. What about our suits?\" \"We should appear near Sapphire Spider. Miguel is always working on the tracking system. Hopefully we won't need them.\" \"There's to hoping,\" Miles muttered as he was swept away. Okay, let's do this one last time. My name is Jewel Strange. I was bitten by a radioactive spider, and for the last three years, I've became the Magical Spider Sapphire. I was born to Mordo before he went supervillain and grew up at Kamar-Taj, learning magic from the Ancient One who was like a mother to me. When Mordo became evil, Master Doctor Strange and his girlfriend Christine took me in and have became pretty much my parents. One day, I was fighting with Magneto and his kids showed up! They were using their mutant powers and got pushed into a portal I made. I'm not sure where. I haven't told Doctor Strange, he'd be angry! So life went on as usual, with me trying to get Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver back in the day, and fighting crime at night! \"What do you think Web?\" Jewel asked her bracelets. The Spider Bracelets beamed red in response. Jewel sighed, \"You're right, combining Astral Projection and Shield's of She'ild would probably not be good.\" The Spider Bracelets glowed a bright green. Jewel threw her book on the ground, then, remembering the last time she provoked Wong's wrath, picked it up and placed it on the side table. On top of the last three books she had gone through. It wasn't that Jewel didn't want to ask Master Strange for help, she just was trying to figure this out on her own. It was her mistake that caused Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver to get transported to a different dimensions. She needed to fix it. Jewel stood up, opened her door, and walked to the library. She traced her fingers over the ancient tomes that composed the New York Sanctums relatively small library. One of the more aware books purred slightly. She gave this one an extra scratch. \"'Advanced Technology and What It Means For Magi,'\" Jewel slowly translated. Japanese was hard to learn, and Jewel always practiced when she could. She grabbed and flipped through the book. She put it back after realizing that 'Advanced Technology' meant trains. \"What should I do?\" Jewel asked herself. Her bracelets responded by growing webs. Jewel stared at them for a moment. She didn't want to go out when she should be trying to bring the Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver back. Still... Jewel manipulated the Sanctums energy, landing on the roof. She surveyed the city. She may have grown up in Kathmandu, but New York was her second home. She leapt. Her bracelets threw out a web, and she swung, over the streets. This always clears her head. Under a bright purple sky, her blue flew through the air. She could probably even compete with the Cloak herself, not that she would dare say aloud. No other superhero had the ability to soar with webs as a part of the skyline. Except those two people behind her, who were following her. And emitting a weird... Sound? Jewel saw a lower rooftop perch, and rolled onto it. Her bracelets pulsed slightly from the workout. The two figures who followed her landed beside her. The two looked like... Cartoon characters. CGI cartoon characters. A girl and a boy. Jewel would be freaking out if she hadn't seen weirder. The odd sound emitting them zapped her. Jewel tried to verbalize what she was feeling. \"You're like me.\" \"Yes, we're like you. Are you missing anyone named Wanda and Pietro?\" The boy asked. \"Wanda and... Yes!\" Jewel breathed a sigh of relief, \"I have been trying to get them back for ages, but I can't locate them in the dimension they fell in! I assume it's your guys' dimension? I'm Spider Sapphire, by the way.\" \"Miles, Spiderman,\" Miles replied. He was cute. \"And I'm Gwen, Spiderwoman, but I was just visiting his dimension. Can you get Wanda and Pietro back here?\" Jewel smiled, \"Of course! I couldn't locate them! I assume you have a limit on who you can transport?\" \"Yes,\" Gwen stated. She was super pretty. \"While I can't figure out how to manually make a portal, I can open ones to specific dimensions, like the Mirror Dimension. I'll just use Miles' DNA structure to open up a direct portal to his dimension.\" Miles and Gwen looked at each other and then nodded. \"Do what you need to do,\" Miles said. Jewel nodded. She touched Miles' arm, and meditated for a minute. She then touch the sliver of Magneto's hair she had kept in the effort to locate his children. She started to move her hands. Up, down, tracing the molecules that the inhabitants of Miles ' dimension were composed of. She then added Magneto's sign, his code and her guess of Wanda and Pietro's. Slowly, the orange Eldritch magic opened a portal to a classroom, next to a desk with two children sitting on it. Wanda and Pietro. Wanda gasped, and hesitantly stuck a hand through the portal. When her hand was fine, she and her brother walked in. As the portal closed, Jewel could hear the teacher say, \"What the...?!\" Jewel sat down criss cross applesauce. She was sweating slightly. Scarlet Witch- Wanda, looked at her. She asked, \"Are you okay?\" \"The spell to bring you back was really stressing,\" Jewel admitted. She stood back up, and asked, \"Are you okay?\" \"We're home,\" Wanda replied, smiling. \"Thanks Spider Sapphire,\" Quicksil- Pietro, replied. He hugged his sister. The red mist starting to surround them spoke of words that only the two of them shared. Gwen said, \"While I'd love to stick around, Miles and I need to get back home.\" \"Visit us? I could teach you some magic,\" Jewel suggested. \"Magic can be taught?!\" Miles exclaimed. Jewel nodded. \"Maybe. We aren't actually supposed to be here, so we really should go and run damage control on Wanda and Pietro,\" Gwen apologized. She messed with a goozmo thingy and the portal to her world reappeared. The two walked in. \"Goodbye,\" Jewel said a bit too late. Miles stretched. Gwen had just gone home, and it was now eight. He and Gwen had spent three hours in that last dimension. As he started to mosey back to his room, a voice interrupted him. \"Miles, my man! You won't believe what happened to that Wanda chic! She and her brother disappeared!\" Drake exclaimed. Miles sighed slightly and went to listen to Drake's story. \"I'm not sure that's a good idea.\" \"It's a great idea! Spidersniffers, to find and distribute the goobers to every spider in the Omniverse!\" \"I can calculate about thirty different ways this could go wrong.\" \"I can calculate thirty different way holograms can go wrong, but they were still invented.\" \"If holograms go wrong, only our dimension would be affected. If Spidersniffers do, all dimensions would.\" \"What defense measures should I include? They might find an evil Spiderbeing.\" \"An evil spider by our standards might be a normal one by their standards. Gwen and Miles just made a jump to a new spiderverse.\" \"That's fine. Doing my job. Where the wrench...?\" \"Are you even listening to me?\" \"What did you say?\" \"I hope you're just making a joke.\" \"Let me just screw this in and... Bam! Spidersniffer. Here girl.\" X3-67 scanned. Spiderbeing, Earth-1, detected. Accessing database. Database found. Accessing file. Scanning file. Scanning Miguel O'Hare. Calculating goodness. Goodness, eighty-six percent. 86 is less than 100. Eliminate. Calculating fastest method of elimination. \"Hey girl,\" Miguel smiled a rare smile, and reached out his hand to pet his newest creation. I'm finishing up this story next chapter. Or maybe two, depending on how it goes. I'll need to run away from the internet once Endgame comes out. -Calm She Jaguar, HarceusMjalga, out! ","Summary":" Okay, Let's Do This One Last Time... It had already been an exhausting week for Miles Morales. His "},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"Change of Fate","Author":"I love creepy things","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6503722","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Well I am in love with all vampire stories. I am story for starting a new story when I have so many in the making but I just love this story. I plan to have this as a short story. Also I didn't know that Dracula's looks changed in the sequel since I didn't even know there were sequels until last night (Nov 24) Oh and know that I am not using my own name for an OC. My name is Ashley and I am using Ashlen simply because I just love that name; not because it sounds close to mine. Sorry if this story sucks at first; this is my first Dracula 2000 story. Oh and I got some of this from another story I read but I did not steal the idea. Just to tell you Twenty years; it took twenty years for Dracula's ash remained body to regain his form and escape from his prison. To his luck Mary and Simon made mistakes in the triggered traps (1) and he was able to escape easily; well sort of. Dracula was weak from twenty years of no blood. His body was all pasty pale with tones of wrinkles while his ribs showed easily, his hair stringy white and his eyes had no color to them. It took a while to gain enough power to slip though the cracks in the wall. Luckily for him when the wall was remand from last time; allowing him enough space to use his powers to escape. At this moment, Dracula was finishing up this fourth meal, blood spilled everywhere on the ground. The man long ago had given up the struggle and was on the verged of dying. The vampire ripped his fangs out of the neck as he quickly snapped his neck to stop any change of the man turning into a vampire. Dracula had just escaped his prison so he couldn't risk turning people into vampires; that would give him away for sure since he was the only one that could turn humans into vampires. (2) Dracula sighed in contentment as he felt some of his power come back. He looked down at his hand to see it no longer looked wrinkled. He could only guess that the rest of him looked back to normal since he couldn't look in a mirror to check. \"It seems that my curse really is everlasting. I need to find shelter; I can't return back to the cemetery or the roof top green house (3) That's where they will look first.\" He whispered to himself before he looked back down at the body. To hide his tracks he would have to make this look like any other murder; luckily the area of London that he was in was known for a lot of murder. Dracula easily lifted up the body and slung it over his shoulder and carried it a empty ally. Like the other bodies, Dracula dumped the body in a trash bin before walking away. The only way to tell that the human man had been attacked by a vampire was to look at the bite marks and to see that the body was drained of blood; which was impossible after what Dracula did to it to hide his tracks. Now the vampire just had to find a safe place to spend the day light hours. Dracula allowed himself to turn into a wolf. Even after for courses of blood Dracula was still plenty weak; weak enough that he wouldn't be able to put up a proper fight with a hunter. He had to be alert and on guard for until he got his full strength back; he didn't want to be locked up right after he got his freedom. ~Else Where~ Twenty year old Ashlen Cook had been alone in her house for hours now. Her two roommates, Donny and May had over time work so they wouldn't be home till early morning. Ashlen sighed deeply as she wondered why she let those two people even live with her in the first place. May was a nineteen year old slut that had a second job at the all girl's strip club and was a lesbian, or was she bisexual? Probably so since she has been having sex with Donny lately. As for Donny he was a twenty two year old sexist jerk that took average of Ashlen's home; she let the man live in her house and he acts like he owns the house. The only reason Ashlen was letting the two stay at her house was that she had needed help with bill money and that she used to be friends with them when they were children. If Ashlen and the right money to pay bills herself she would kick May and Donny out of her house; she was sick of the sexism and both of them would bring people into her house. Either it was for sex or drugs, Ashlen hated it both and wanted them gone. It was one in the morning and Ashlen had just finished watching the Bram Stoker's Dracula movie. She was laying across the couch and was just starting to doze off before a weird noise woke her up; it sounded like a sigh and it wasn't her. Rubbing her eyes, Ashlen raised her head to look at the door way, thinking it might have been one of her roommates. Instead Ashlen found a man standing there. He had curly dark hair and green eyes. He was wearing a black button up shirt, which was open and showed his chest. He was wearing black pants and no shoes (4). Strangle, this man looked kind of sick, but he smiled slightly when he noticed the girl noticed him. \"Who… who are you?\" Ashlen stuttered, feeling a fear rise in her stomach. She had no idea who this man was or what he was. He could be a robber, a murderer, a rapist or maybe all of above. Ashlen blinked and when she opened her eyes a second later she screamed since the man was practically on top of her. The man brought his hand to the girl's face and stroked one of her cheeks. He tilted his head when he noticed the girl was shaking in fear but smiled none the less. \"Such a sweet fragrance you produce.\" The man whispered in the woman's ear. Ashlen shivered again but couldn't tear her eyes away from the man. \"Who are you? Answer me.\" Ashlen demanded, this time stronger and less afraid. Yet the man only put a finger to her lips and shushed her. \"You will know in due time, my dear.\" The strange man said, slight amusement leaking from his voice as he made eye contact with the woman. Ashlen couldn't look away, she felt hypnotized by him as she watched the man bring his face closer to her own. \"Ashlen! Get your lazy ass head up!\" All of a sudden the man turned into a mist and disappeared. The woman opened her eyes to see that Donny was standing over her and looking pissed but Ashlen didn't care; it was all just a dream. \"I thought you had over time at work.\" Ashlen mumbled as she rubbed the sleep from her eyes. Donny gave her a snarled look. \"It is six in the morning, Ashlen; I got home an hour ago. Why don't you be useful and make me a early breakfast.\" Donny ordered, sitting himself down on the chair that was separated from the couch by a lamp. Ashlen ignored him as she blinked in confusing. She had been a sleep for five hours but that dream only seemed to take minutes, not that it truly mattered. What was really bugging Ashlen was how real the dream had been; she had felt the man's breath on her skin, she felt him tough her face. \"Hey! Stop day dreaming! Oh never mind, you will just burn the food anyways.\" As Donny was leaving the room Ashlen glared at him. She should have thrown him out of her home years ago. \"Oh, shut up, Donny!\" Ashlen snapped loud enough so the boy could hear. She didn't bother waiting for a reply as she walked to the front door of her house to go outside for some fresh air. The early morning air felt good in Ashlen's lungs. It helped clear her of that dream she had had only moment s ago. Yet, yet again she was thinking of that man in black. Maybe she was just having a vampire nightmare from that movie she had watched. Just as Ashlen was about to go back into her house, she was stopped by a bark that didn't sound to be a dogs. She turned around and saw a shaggy furred wolf staring at her. Ashlen narrowed her eyes to the wolf's and saw that they were green, like the man in her dream. \"I need to top watching vampire movies.\" She mumbled to herself and looked away for only a moment but when she looked back the wolf was gone. Ashlen shuttered once more before she turned around and walked back into her house. She had work in an hour and needed to get ready to go. Ashlen took her shower, brushed her hair and teeth before getting into her diner uniform and leaving for work. ~Time Skip~ Ashlen groaned as she got out of her car and walked to the front door of her house. She had had a hard at work and she was glad it was finally over. Today there was a fattish ugly man that kept hitting on her and touching her ass. Ashlen wanted to slap the man on the face but she would have gotten fired. \"May, Donny, I'm back!\" She waited for a reply but got none. Her roommates must have been out again. Sighing in contentment, Ashlen tossed her car keys in the small bowl by the front door and walked to her room. She opened her door and walked in, flicking on the light and frowned at what she saw. Her room looked different from what she left it and she knew nether May or Donny would go in. They were bad roommates but they did still respect bedroom privacy. The bedroom curtains were covering the window so not one sliver of sunlight was coming in. The sheets of her bed had looked slept on and Ashlen had slept on the couch. The other thing was there was a slight smell that Ashen couldn't describe; it was something new. \"Who the hell was in my room?\" Ashlen asked out loud as if she expected a reply. To her surprise there was a reply; a growl from her opened closet. To Ashlen's shocking surprise, the wolf she had seen earlier that day was standing there, watching her. Ashlen blinked and when she opened her eyes the wolf was still there, unlike the first time. She stared at it in suspicion; there was no way a wolf could cover the windows that tightly but how did it even get inside the house let alone her room? \"Maybe I should call animal control.\" Ashlen mumbled, rubbing the top of her head as she turned around to get the phone. Yet she was stopped as the wolf barked at her and tackle her to the floor when she turned to look at it. Ashlen looked up in shock to the wolf. It's front paws were standing on her chest and it's face was staring right down at hers. Again Ashlen remembered her dream and her imagination got wild. She pictured this wolf as the man, the vampire, that appeared in her dreams. She imagined that the wolf vampire was going to bite her and turn her into a slave. Yet before anything could really happen, Ashlen fainted, her vision of the wolf getting fuzzier and fuzzier. (1) You know, those spikes that came from above the coffin and in the doorway. (2) I said this because if all vampires can turn others into vampires there would be more vampires than humans in a matter of years. (3) Um sorry, It looked like a green house to me and I don't know what it is really called. I also don't know if he lived there since it didn't really show where he actually lived during the way. (4) I would have thought they were either burnt off or taken off. I don't know why his clothes are still on so don't ask.[Chapter 2] Since I don't want this to be a too long of a story I am making chapters longer Ashlen was groaning from a headache from her faint while she was waking up. The last thing she could remember was that the wolf tackled her and she was imagining that the wolf was going to bite her. Now she appeared to be laying in her bed which made her curious to who put her there. Rubbing her eyes, Ashlen lifted the front part from the floor and looked around her room. She instantly realized that, for the second time there was a few things were wrong with things in her room. For one thing the lights were turned off and her open door was closed. For another Ashlen was laying on top of her bed. For the last thing, her closet, which was against the same wall as her covered window, was open slightly; she always had it closed. \"What the hell is going on today?\" Ashlen mumbled to herself, slowly getting off her bed and walked to her door of her room, leaving to enter the living room. As she was encountering the room of her destination Ashlen could hear the voice of May speaking in a baby toned voice. When Ashlen walked into the room her whole body went into shock. The wolf that had practically attacked her who knows how long ago was being pet as if it were nothing but a puppy. May was giggling and using baby talk to the wolf as she was scratching it behind it's ears. The first one to notice that Ashlen was in the room was the wolf itself. It looked at the girl and barked which got May to look up with a smile on her makeup covered face. May had ruby red lipstick on her already ruby lips, blush on her perfectly round cheeks and black eye shadow over brown eyes. (1) Her shoulder long dark blond hair had been curled at the ends. \"Ashlen, why didn't you tell me you had a new pet? He is so cute!\" May Squealed in excitement, hugging the top part of what she thought was a dog. Ashlen frowned in disappointment as she slowly walked closer, unsure what the wolf might do to her. \"May, that is no dog; it's a wolf and it attacked me a little earlier. It is not my pet; it just got inside the house somehow.\" Ashlen stated and frowned as she looked at the wolf. All the wolf did was seem to look back for a moment before turning it's head back at the woman petting him. \"This cutie? No, you must be mistaking; this little guy wouldn't hurt a fly.\" May kept giggling, petting the top of the wolf's head. As if to back up May's reasoning, the wolf licked the hand that was petting him but Ashlen still found; she wasn't convinced of anything yet. \"I still don't trust him but you want him you can have him. He seems to like you anyways and he didn't seem to like the idea of me calling the animal control.\" May smiled happily and hugged the wolf to her chest while Ashlen walked back into her room after looking out her window. She must have been passed out for a few hours since the sun was now set and it was dark outside. After the events of last night and earlier today, Ashlen almost forgot that she had a date for tonight. It had been a while since Ashlen's last date and that date ended in disaster. Just the thought of that man brought Ashlen to shutters; it was something she never wanted to happen ever again. Henry Jones was the man some of Ashlen's friends set her up on a blind date with. They had met at a bowling ally since Ashlen had been nervous if they met at a bar things could turn out for the worst. Well things had started out well since as the man seemed like a caring sweet man but after a few hours into the date he started to change. After the bowling game Henry had decided to walk Ashlen home like any generous date would. Ashlen had thought it was really sweet of the man and agreed to allow him to walk her home. Things went well until Ashlen got home and into her house. Henry had pushed her into the living room roughly into the living room. Ashlen, confused and scared, was frozen from doing anything but came over that when Henry shoved his hand in her panties to finger her. Luckily there was a flower vase by the cough and Ashlen used it to smash over the man's head. She had called the police and the man had been taken to jail for five years for attempt of rape. (2) Ashlen had been fifteen at that time and she hadn't had a date since for fear she would get attacked again. It was only a few nights ago that she agreed to go out only because her best friend Amber had told Ashlen it was her cousin. Ashlen trusted her friend so she trusted Amber when she said that her cousin was a good person. So Ashlen took another shower before she changed into a knee long blue dress with matching dress saddles. Her hair was back in a high ponytail. This time Ashlen put on light pink lipstick so her lips suck out only a little more and applied a bit of blush she her cheeks shined a bit. \"Oh, that is right; you're going on your first date in five years. Good luck with that.\" Ashlen smiled at May, thanking her as she walked to the front closet to get her jacket. She never noticed that the wolf was following her all the way there. Ashlen pulled on her jean jacket and pulled her keys out of the bowl on the side table by the door. She was about to open the door to leave when the wolf growled lightly behind her. Ashlen turned around and looked down at the wolf that was looking at her. The woman still had a feeling of nervousness in her gut as she looked at the animal she smiled and knelt down to be eye level with the animal. \"Do you think I am pretty?\" She asked the wolf playfully. To her surprise the wolf actually raised a paw and put it on her knee as if answering her. Ashlen shuttered slightly and stared into the wolf's green eyes. A part of her still imagined this wolf to be the man from the dream she had had which scared her even more than she was. Yet, at the same time, she had a strange earge to stretch out her hand and pet the wolf; her hand even seemed to be moving slowly towards the animal, as if she was testing dangerous waters. The wolf blinked his eyes, impatient of waiting for the girl's hand to touch him. So, closing the distance between his head and her hand, he pushed his hand against her hand. The woman was momentarily startled as she stared at the wolf. Something obviously wasn't right about this. \"Ashlen, don't keep Billy wanting too long. It's not nice to show up late on a first date.\" May's sing song voice cut through Ashlen's thoughts and the looked blinked a few times before taking her hand away from the wolf. The woman and the animal seemed to look at each other for a moment before the wolf took his paw off of Ashlen's knee and nudged her towards the door. It was as if he understood that Ashlen had to be somewhere soon and he didn't want her to be late. Blinking slightly, Ashlen stood up and turned around. \"Uh... right. Yeah I'm going.\" Still getting of the daze, Ashlen opened the door, only to have the wolf leap outside and run into the wooded area that surrounded the house. \"You let Fang run away!\" May shouted as she ran to the door as if she had planed to stop the wolf. Instead she crossed her arms and stomped her foot childishly, causing Ashlen to roll her eyes. 'Fang? How original can you get?' she thought as she walked out the door, not even bothering to look at her old childhood friend. \"He is a wolf, May. He probably went out to hunt. Calm down and he will come back later.\" Ashlen sighed at the immaturity of the only slightly younger girl. She knew the saying that blonds were stupid so did that mean dark blonds were just mildly stupid? While for May it seemed true. (3) ~Time skip/at the night club~ Ashlen had arrived at the night club where her date was being set up twenty minutes ago and still her date was a no show. She was sitting on a stool at the bar, slowly sipping her glass of Cherry wine. A part of Ashlen began to think this was all a set up to make her look like an idiot and feel bad. Amber had played some mean pranks on her before like slipping drugs in her drinks and then tapping her while she was drunk. Yet this would be the meanest thing Amber would have ever done so far. \"Um, excuse me? Are you Ashlen Cook?\" A man asked from behind her asked, lightly taping her shoulder. Slightly startled at the sudden voice and touch, Ashlen spun around in her seat to meet the eyes of a cute looking man. The man looked to be only a couple years older than she was and a few inches taller. He had shiny short red hair that came to above his ears but went longer in the back. His eyes were a nice brown eyes that seemed to shine with his smile. He had a few freckles on his face which was also free of any facial hair. Now for what the man was wearing resembled a librarian or book lover in Ashlen's eyes. The man was wearing brown pants with matching runners with. His shirt looked red and over top of it was a brown and white sweater vest. He certainly looked like he was dressed more for the library than the Red Baboon night club but Ashlen didn't care; she already felt a good vibe off this man. \"Yes I am. You must be Billy Harp, Amber's cousin. It is so nice to see you.\" Ashlen smiled, relived she wasn't stood up, as the two shook hands. Billy returned the woman's smile as he took the seat beside her. .\"So, why don't you tell me about yourself and I will talk about myself?\" Billy asked as he ordered a whisky cocktail. Ashlen smiled a little shyly but agreed to his terms so she started to talk about herself. ~With Dracula~ After quickly getting a bite to eat, and destroying the body after, Dracula followed Ashlen to the night club to keep a close eye on her. While he watched her sit on the stool, waiting for her said date, the vampire just stood there in the corner of the room and watched her. Dracula had been surprised when he first appeared in young Ashlen Cook's dream. To appear in dreams he normally had to use his power and it was normally just to leer (4) him a victim to drink from. The only other person that was able to have dreams, or visions as they some times were, where he would actually appear was Mary. Yet this Ashlen didn't have his blood in his veins so he had no idea what brought him to her; until he saw her face. Dracula was overwhelmed with joy when he saw her look at him for the first time. He remembered seeing Mary for the first time in her dream and compared the two in his mind. Yes Mary was one thing and had his blood but this girl was something entirely different; she was special. He his need for her grow stronger the more he was around her. He wanted to smell her, to hold her, to taste her and most of all wanted her love. The need was so much greater than it was with Mary that he actually took a man to the back ally and killed him out of blind jealousy when he saw the young woman in a night club with some random man. \"How dare he touch her when she is clearly mine to have. He will wish he never laid eyes on her.\" Dracula threatened lowly, throwing the dead and neck snapped body on the ground. This time he didn't bother to hide the body as he strolled out of the ally and into the streets. The vampire was still hungry; he needed more blood. He wished with all is desire that he could feed off the man that was sitting next to his girl; his lust was for no one else. So, smirking slowly and evilly Dracula walked off into the night, licking his lips to clean what remained of his first course. ~Back with Ashlen and Billy~ Ashlen had been having a great time with Billy at the night club; he was a lot more fun than she thought at first glance. She had found out that the man was a twenty five year old children's doctor, loved to paint in his free time, loved Chinese food, lived alone and had a handful of pet fish. The man had also said that he no longer had no family; they died in the 9/11 incident while on business. Billy had taken her to the dance floor and shown her his awesome dancing moves. Ashlen was having so much fun that she barley even noticed that a man in the corner of the room had been watching in jealousy. \"Hey now, I think you have had a little too much to drink.\" Billy laughed as he took away Ashlen's fourth glass of Cherry Wine. The woman pouted childishly, crossing her arms and hiccupping from being so drunk. Ashlen had trusted this man enough to allow herself to get drunk without the fear of rape. It had been a long time since she had gotten this drunk as well that she didn't want Billy to ruin it for her. She gave him the sadist look she could but, since she was drunk, it didn't go as she planned and Billy laughed at her. \"Come on, Illy, just let me inish that on.\" Ashlen begged and only got Billy to laugh harder. Ashlen was so drunk that she was barely making any sense in her talking. \"Come on, Ashlen, I will drive you home. I need to head home to feed my fish anyways.\" Billy said as he helped the drunk woman to her feet and guided her to the door. Ashlen did reuse at first Billy got into the passenger seat of the car, strapped her in and got into the driver's seat where he started to drive away. After a while Ashlen had gotten over her drunkness and started to talk to Billy as he drove her to her lake side house (5) The two had a nice long talk and it seemed the two were falling in love; either of them felt this strong for each other before. \"Holy shit!\" Billy shouted as the car suddenly swerved across the road, scaring Ashlen. She was looking out her window franticly but couldn't see anything that would make Billy do that. \"What happened, Billy what is wrong?\" She asked and started to worry when she noticed the man's face was pale. It was clear to Ashlen by the look on Billy's face that something had really scared him. \"There was a man all in black on the road. I could swear was a man standing on the road. But he... he turned into fog\" His voice was shaky and uneasy. As he stopped the car. Ashlen looked into her face with worry, remembering that the vampire in her dreams turned into a mist fog before she woke up; but that was impossible. \"You think you saw a ghost?\" She asked him slowly, unsure how to handle this. Billy slowly shook his head, gulping down his fear. \"No, he wasn't a ghost. It was something else.\" Billy said with his voice still shaking in fear. He kept staring out the front window as if he expected the man to come back. \"How right you are. I am, indeed, something else.\" The sudden man's voice got both Ashlen and Billy to scream as the man was suddenly standing right beside the car, looking in from the driver's seat window. Ashlen's eyes widen in surprise and covered her mouth to keep her gasp in as the man ripped open the door. This was the same man from her dream from the last night but there were a few differences. First of all the man didn't look as sick anymore but his skin was still pale. Another was that his green eyes had a ring of red around them and that red was starting to spread across the whole eye. The man indeed looked a lot scarier from how he did in her dream. But was this a dream as well or real? The other night that Ashlen dreamed about him it was so real that she could actually feel his touch against her skin. Ashlen was shaking in fear as she stared at the man but the man seemed more interested in glaring at Billy at the moment. \"You have something I want; something that doesn't belong to you. Hand her over to me and I may just let you live your pathetic life.\" The way his name sounded when it came from this demonic man made Billy just about wet his pants. His eyes widen wider in shocked fear when he realized it was Ashlen that he wanted. \"No, you can't have her! Can't you see you are scaring her? Why the hell would she ever go to you?\" Billy shouted with as much defence and anger as he could but fear still showed in to. Ashlen was whimpering and shaking but like the dream she had the night before, she couldn't look away from the man. The man in black took his eyes off the human man for a moment to look at the girl. The red in his eyes seemed to slowly fade as he gazed upon her face. Once again Ashlen felt hypnotized by his stare but it only lasted a minute before the man looked back at Billy. The two in the car shivered deeper when the man's lips twitched into an evil smile as he grabbed Billy's chin. His voice was spin chilling calm but lased with evil. \"You are wrong about that, doctor . She does indeed belong to me and she will begin to realize it soon. You are of no use to her so I shell rid her of you.\" and with that the man in black moved his hand from Billy's chin to his shoulders, yanking him out of the car and tarring into his throat with his fangs. All Ashlen could do was scream at the top of her lungs in the fear of it all. \"Ashlen, what's wrong? Wake up!\" gasping deeply, Ashlen's eyes popped open to see that her car was parked outside her house and Billy was looking at her with concern. With little to no control Ashlen started to cry for a mix of reasons. First of all Ashlen was very happy that what had just happened was just another dream and Billy was still alive. For another reason she was still so very scared; the dream had been so real and it was the same man as the night before. For the last reason more hope; she hoped that none of this was actually real; that there was no man... no, no vampire after her. \"Sorry, it was just a nightmare. Thank you for the fun time, Billy. I should get inside. Do you need money for a cab?\" Ashlen asked as she was already digging in her purse for money. Billy lightly pressed his hands on Ashlen's hands and smiled. \"Don't bother, I have my own money. Thank you for a wonderful night, Ashlen. I hope I can see you again\" He said as he gently gave the girl back her car keys before stepping out of the car. Ashlen looked at her keys for a moment, deep in thought before looking back at the man with a sweet smile. \"I want to see you again. I should thank Amber for setting us up.\" Ashlen laughed lightly and Billy joined her while agreeing. \"Good night, Ashlen.\" Billy kissed the woman's right check before turning around and walked off, back to the road that would lead him home. Sighing, Ashlen watched him until he was out of sight before going into her house. \"Is anyone home?\" Ashlen called out but no one answered not even the wolf seemed to be here at the moment. Letting out another tired sigh, Ashlen dropped her keys into the bowl and went to her room where she instantly fell asleep once she it her bed and to her pleasure, into a dreamless sleep. (1) OK, I am not a girly girl so I know almost nothing about makeup. (2) OK, I don't really know how long you go to jail for rape, I just made it up (3) Oi, I do not believe this.. Remember this is just a story. That also means there might be some racism as well later on. I mean no one no affiance. (4) I have a feeling this is the wrong spelling but I couldn't find the right one with my spell check (5) Sorry, I should have mentioned before Ashlen lived a bit out of town near a lake. Bonus: You will never guess why Dracula feels attached to Ashlen ^_^ Heh, I think I am the first to think about it. You will understand when I actually write that part so don't think my character is a Mary-Sue. Also I am taking OC requests but be warned the OC might be killed or turned into a vampire or both[Chapter 3] ~Somewhere else~ It was three in the morning and forty three (1) Mary Heller was tossing and turning in her bed. Just like all the other times she tossed and turned, she was having another nightmare about Dracula. Even after she had locked him back in the vault she would have those dreams. Normally they contained of the vampire trying to get her to let him free or just mocking her. Even if he had freed her from the curse Dracula still never left her alone. As a dream, the vampire couldn't do any actually hard to her but, sometimes, the dreams were so bad that Mary would take a sleeping pill that suppressed dreams to stop him. Yet, tonight, the dream was different; it didn't seem to have anything to do with her at all. This time Mary was in some kind of bedroom that looked to belong to a woman. Mary knew that the room belonged to a woman because there was undergarments across the floor, the desk was full of makeup and the full room was full of pink, purple and yellow colors. Though Mary's attention was stuck on the bed as she held a hand over her mouth to hide her shock. Sitting on the bed was two figures. One was Dracula like Mary had expected to see but the other was a girl she had never seen before. She was a dirty blond haired young woman, her hair curling down her back. The woman's glassy brown eyes stared up from the lap of the man she was sitting on. All this woman seemed to be wearing was a thin white nightgown. The last thing Mary noticed that was two small and still bleeding wounds on her neck while his mouth was covered in blood. Mary couldn't tell if Dracula could see her standing there; it felt more like a movie rather than watching in person. Every other time she had have these dreams, or visions as they sometimes were, Dracula had always seen her; even when she was a small child he would notice her. At times it seemed as if Dracula thought their were his own dreams, his mind making up a lover, a person that could understand him to pass the time of his loneliness. \"Will you help me get her? Will you help me get what I seek? She fears me, I can see it in her face, so I need your help. She will trust you, it will be easy. All you have to do is leer her to me and she will be mine.\" Dracula was whispering in the woman's ear while she was twirling her fingers in his hair. Mary watched as the woman looked into the vampire's eyes with a smile she could only describe that was laced with lust. \"I will do anything for you, My lord. I am entirely in your power. I will help you with what you seek.\" the woman was giggling and her eye shown even if there was no light in the room. Mary took a few steps back, her mouth covered by her hand, until her back in the wall. Dracula couldn't have been talking about her; Mary had no idea who this woman was nor had she ever remembered seeing her. The vampire had to be talking about someone different; a different woman that he was now hunting down. Yet, for all Mary knew she was the only one, beside her dead father, that had his blood in his veins. So who could he be after and why? \"Please, for once, just be a ordinary nightmare. Don't let this be real, please! \" Mary began begging with herself as she watched the vampire start to fondle with the woman. Mary had enough, closing her eyes tightly, forcing herself awake as she reopened her eyes. Panting and gasping, Mary was back in her own room, sitting up in her bed. Her hand was still covering her month as she shook in the fear. She was almost afraid to get out of her bed, that the vampire was in the corner of her room right now, with that newly made female vampire. \"Please, please let that just have been a nightmare; Judas was just mocking me again. He was just scaring me to get his revenge.\" The woman mumbled to herself, trying to convince herself this was true. Yet she knew in her heart she had to be sure; she had to check the computers to the vault. As Mary slowly walked down the halls she kept replaying her dream in her mind. If Dracula, or rather Judas, wanted to mock her why would he do it by targeting a different woman? Perhaps it was because he thought Mary could do nothing to stop him, but it did not matter if he was leaving her alone now. If he was indeed loss again, he had to be hunted down. The woman slowly made her way downstairs to where the vault was, the cameras being watched by three different guards, one who seemed to be dozing off. Mary had more guards meant for nighttime but the replacement for that one guard had called in sick Ever since Mary had moved back to London with Simon, she had quiet her job at the music story and moved into the upper part of her father's antique shop. That way if anything was to go wrong she could get to the problem quicker than having to come from an actual house. Mary had also added more security systems to the vault, including more traps and even a infra red heat scanner. Dracula wouldn't show up of normal cameras but, like a ghost would, he would have a cold body signature and that would show up. (2) Yet that scanner camera was under password only. If these men knew what they were truly protecting Mary was sure they would quiet in a heart beat. The only one's that happened to know the truth was Simon, herself, father David Mary's childhood friend who found out the day Dracula burned at the cross and a woman named Jasmine Knights. Jasmine Knights was a twenty one year old woman that worked for Mary for a couple years now. Mary had no idea that the woman came from a vampire hunting family; not until Jasmine saw the antique weapons in Mary's office. So Mary told Jasmine the truth about Dracula and the woman said if things got out of hand she would be the one to hunt down the vampire. Besides Jasmine was also more expereanced in hunting vampires than Mary and Simon was. She had a bigger chance making it out a live than other of them. Also, if Dracula wanted revenge like he did with Mary' father, Mary knew she was in deep danger to face the vampire. Jasmine also happened to be Simon's work partner. \"Ms Heller, is everything alright?\" the guard that had been looking at the monitor that showed the outside of the building looked away from it when he noticed that the woman had entered the room. The other two guards looked towards Mary for only a moment before continuing with their jobs. \"Can you all leave please? I need to check the privet cameras. In fact take the rest of the night off.\" all three guards looked at each other for a moment before looking back at their boss. \"Are you sure about that, Ms. Heller? We don't mind staying longer.\" the guard that had actually been falling asleep asked, his voice groggy while he rubbed his left eye. Mary forced on a smile as she waved her hand in dismissal. \"Yes, please go home and get some sleep. I can take care of everything.\" Not feeling like arguing with the woman that hired them, all three guard got up and left the building. Once the front door shut and locked, Mary rushed to the computer screens and logged onto the secret coffin vault camera. Just as she had feared the coffin lid was open and it was empty. Not even the infra red heat scanner picked up the vampire's body heat. Mary scanned the whole room and each corner of the coffin room on the screen, seeing if she could spot the blue spot that would be the vampire but he was no where in sight. In a panic, Mary picked up the desk phone, shakingly calling up Simon's cell phone number. To avoid confusion and annoyance, as some people would get from being woken up in the middle of the night, Mary and Simon had agreed to use his cell phone in case of emergencies. \"Mary, what's wrong? It is almost four in the morning.\" a sleepy Simon mumbled from the other end of the phone. It had been obvious that Mary had woken it up but his voice was also laced with worry. \"Simon, I think he got free. I am looking at the monitor right now; the coffin is opened but I can't see him anywhere in the room.\" Mary explained in a shaky voice, twirling the phone cord in her fingers. She heard a squeak of a bed on the other end of the phone and could guess that Simon was now walking around his room. \"Let me get dressed and I will be there as soon as I can.\" Mary could already hear the rustling sounds of Simon moving around in his room, dressing himself the best that he could. Mary nodded her head, even if she knew Simon couldn't see through the phone, as her eyes stayed glued to the monitor screen. \"Please hurry, Simon.\" Mary begged before hanging up the phone and played with her short hair nervously. Mary knew that no one had broken in and freed Dracula like what happened to her father. If that were the case the alarm would have gone off long ago; or however long it was that the vampire had escaped. Also, besides being stolen, or kidnap the last time Dracula got blood from the careless robbers. This didn't seem to be the case this time so how Dracula gained enough strength escaped was beyond Mary's knowledge. Even if she wished it with all her heart she knew that dream she had of him was real; she knew she had a vision. Yet what Mary didn't know was if it was happening right now or going to happen later on. She prayed it didn't happen yet; that there would still be time to stop Dracula and his plans. To Mary it seemed to take hours when Simon finally arrived at the shop, when in reality it only took twenty minutes. It should have actually taken a little longer to get there but Simon couldn't waist anytime. He didn't bother to brush his hair of pick cloths that matched, nor seemed clean from the smell of the socks. Mary ignored that fact as she stood up and rushed over to him while Simon rushed to her, meeting in a tight hug. Though they were not living together, Mary and Simon had been close ever since the events twenty years ago. They only feared getting too close because of everything that goes on in their life's. Simon was now a full-fledged vampire hunter when he wasn't working for Mary. He already had his life almost ended twenty times in the past years; once every year Simon meets a vampire that nearly wins the battle. So, to spear the feeling they'd get if one of them died, they decided to just stay friends. Yes they would still mourn each other's deaths but it would be a lot worse if they were married. Although it didn't matter either way since they were seemingly in love with each other. Although, they both tried not to show it too much. \"Mary, everything is going to be OK. We hunted him down once and we can do it again.\" Simon soothed, holding her in his arms as she shook in the fear. He was confused for the woman as he felt her shake and clutched his chest. The Mary he knew was a strong woman that took no crap from anyone. He hadn't seen her this scared since the night he went to her house and she was running out with Dracula, as a wolf, was chasing her. Yes, only he could make her this scared and it made him angry; he wanted to kill the bastard but he knew he couldn't. Besides he would most likely have some vampire body guards to protect him, he nearly died last time he battled the vampire, and a certain vampire hunter woman claimed Dracula as her target. \"You had another dream about him, didn't you?\" To answer Simon's soft question Mary forced back the tears that wanted to come and looked up at Simon, nodding and forcing a small, sad smile. \"Yes but it wasn't about me; he is after somebody else now, or at least I think so.\" Mary said and started to explain what happened in her dream. Simon frowned as he listened and looked over to the monitor screens. \"I am going to have a look.\" He let go and walked over to the monitors, sitting on the chair Mary had been previously. As she was following him he saw that Mary was right; Dracula's coffin was open but he couldn't see the vampire's blue body heat anywhere. \"Let's rewind the tape and see just when he made his escape.\" Mary said as she reached over Simon, hitting some buttons until the screen was suddenly playing yesterday's recording. The tape said it was ten pm and the coffin lid was closed. \"So this means he has to escape either yesterday or sometime tonight.\" Simon observed as he kept a close eye on the tape. Mary nodded in agreement and the two kept on watching the screen. When the scree played quarter to midnight Mary and Simon watched as the coffin lid opened and a blue blub of cold body heat was sitting in it. The two watched in shock as the vampire stepped out of the coffin unharmed and setting none of the traps off. Mary and Simon were more surprised when the vampire turned himself into vapour and slid through the cracks of the wall that had been remade. \"That's how he got out but how did he reform? The last time he got blood from the robbers that were killed over the coffin.\" Simon mussed with a worried look in his eyes. He looked at Mary to see she was frowning at the tape with a serious look in her eyes. \"We have to find him. We have to stop him. Simon, call up Jasmine. We will need her help with this.\" Mary said with all seriousness in her voice. Simon nodded his head sharply, grabbing the phone and dieling. Jasmine might be a little upset about being woken up at five thirty in the morning but once she heard it was about Dracula, she would come for sure. (1) In other stories I read with a twenty year time skip Mary ends up in her fifties. She looked to be in her early twenties in the movie so she would be in the forties now. (2) This I think could be true. Ghost don't appear in mirrors ether (though there are cases people saw they appear in random pictures and such) so I think a infra red heat scanner would work. (other) Sorry I cut it off where I did. I thought it would be good like that and Jasmine will come in the next chapter. Oh and some of this was made on a sucky note book laptop[Chapter 4] Hey, I started a new Dracula story as I think how to continue this one. Please give it a look well you are waiting for this one to be updated. I already got 3 chapters (really two since the first chapter isn't chapter 1) It is called The New obsession . Here is the summary: It has been twelve years since Dracula escaped and then burned on the rooftop. Mary and Simon married and had a daughter named Lisa. At age ten she finds out about Dracula yet will her parents be able to protect her before Dracula claims Lisa as his? ","Summary":" Well I am in love with all vampire stories. I am story for starting a new story when I have so many"},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"Helping Alice","Author":"The Weaver of Words","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6842521","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mary I entered Judas' containment chambers. I sighed, checking the traps to make sure Dracula would not escape. \"Mary?\" I jumped at the sudden vocalization, the last time I heard that voice, I was being released from a curse. \"Judas?\" I asked. I heard a faint growl emit from the silver coffin. \"Please, Mary, don't call me that.\" I was so confused, he was… polite. \"I need you to help someone for me,\" He said, his voice barely audible. \"I'm not trying to free myself, but I've been watching over a young girl, she abused, and she's the only person in her home trying to make her life something, and her father keeps pulling her down. I would do something, since I'm locked in this coffin, I'm surprised I can even talk, so could you do this for me?\" He asked I huffed, he sounded convincing, but what if this was all a trick to get me away so he could escape. \"Mary, please, I am dead serious.\" He told me. \"Put your hand on the coffin.\" He told me. I was weary to the idea, but what could he do, so I obliged. A jolt of energy went up my arm, and my world turned into a thick mist and dissolved, Dracula's black clad form materialized beside me. A classroom formed itself around us. Dracula took a step towards a young girl who was asleep. \"Her name is Alice,\" He lay a hand on her shoulder, she didn't stir. What I saw was a tired young girl, the purplish bags under her closed eyes made the fact she was over worked obvious. \"Why again is she so tired?\" I asked the fallen angel by my side. \"The problem is at home.\" He told me, the classroom dissolved away and in its place was a kitchen, the same young girl was at the stove, making dinner, while younger children ran around the house, screaming. Alice seemed to be on the verge of a mental break down, judging by the look on her face. \"You couldn't be more correct, Mary. Alice needs help, and I feel like I'm the only one who can help her.\" Dracula told me. \"I used to come to her in her dreams, but I've become too weak to help her, I'm wasting away as we speak, trying to show you Alice, so you can help her. I feel this will be my last deed, and I want it to be a good deed, Mary, help her, please?\" He begged, I could say no, the sincerity in his voice was enough to smother me. I swallowed. \"Alright, Dracula, I'll help her.\" I told him, he smiled weakly. \"Thank you, Mary.\" He told me, the scene around us dissolved. I sighed, blinking as I was back in the chambers. I couldn't hear Dracula from inside the coffin, had he, truly, passed? I readied myself for the worst, the vampire jumping out at me, fangs unsheathed. I turned the cross, gulping. The face of Dracula was pale and peaceful, I took the cross from under his hands. He opened his eyes. \"What are you doing?\" He asked, his voice only a ghost of what it used to be, weak and scratchy. \"My father locked you away for one reason and one reason alone, you were evil, now that you've proved to me that you aren't evil, I can let you go.\" I told him, he looked at me, the slightest milky haze had started to cloud his eyes. \"Why don't we get you something to drink?\" I asked, Dracula sat up, looking up. Dracula I looked up, gazing at Abraham's contraption, spikes… they'd fall if my weight were to disappear. I rolled my eyes, and transported to Mary's side. I screamed and fell as a sharp pain over took my side. I was weak, I shouldn't have done that. \"I…have to…help… Alice.\" I whispered, steeling my nerves, I stood, holding my side. Mary helped me up to the surface, I was basically crying out in agony with every movement. I snapped at the air with every stab of pain \"FUCKNG HELL!\" I yelled and fell, I couldn't move and I didn't want to. \"What is- Mary!\" I heard Simon's voice hiss. \"Simon, I know what you're thinking, but Dracula has changed, he wants to help someone.\" Mary told him. My eyes flicked to Simon to see his reaction but all I saw was a pair of blue eyes and a small four year old's face. I looked at her in confusion; soft feeble hands caressed my face. \"Morgan!\" Simon yelled. \"No Simon, calm down, Dracula has changed.\" Mary told him. \"SO, what makes you think I'm going to let our daughter get near such a monster.\" Simon hissed, pulling the child away from me. I was glad, blood lust was beginning to take over: strength was begining to pour into my body, I used all of my self control to use it to help me walk. I got up slowly, invisible knives still stabbed my arms and legs. \"SIMON!\" Mary yelled, I stood beside her. \"No Mary, he's right, no matter how vigorous he is.\" I told her. Mary looked at me. I shook my head, going towards the exit, wincing with every step. \"Where are you going?\" Simon barked. \"To get something to drink so I don't rip out your throats.\" I told him. \"How?\" He asked, I looked at him wearily. \"I still have my charm, I can get a nurse to sneak me a few bags of blood from the blood bank.\" I told him. He looked to Mary, who only nodded towards me, I slipped into the late Britain night and made my way to the nearest hospital. A/N: \"FUCKING HELL\" is something I stole from Gerry if ya'll watched the special features on DK2.[Chapter 2] Alice I sat in science class, fighting sleep, yet, despite my efforts, my head drooped gently to the tabletop, and I fell asleep. The dreamless sleep was welcomed warmly for the time being. \"Miss Bruner, wake up!\" I was being shaken gently by the teacher. I pulled my head up and looked at her groggily, Mrs. Johnson smiled gently, the corners of her eyes crinkling. \"Are you getting enough sleep at night, sweetie?\" She asked. I left her question unanswered, I had recently been having nightmares about a man that I was certain was Judas Iscariot. I had dreamt of the Romans paying him for his betrayal, and unfortunately, the most often, him hanging himself, the dead look of his eyes was what made me wake up screaming. I gathered my things as I stood, Mrs. Johnson wrote me a pass and handed it to me wordlessly. I left the room, listening to the patter of rain on the school in my home state of Washington. The tapping of my flats on the tiles of the floor were the only thing that could be heard. I was reading my pass on the way to Period Two, but I stopped as the pattering of rain stopped suddenly, the school roof faded away, revealing the all too familiar blood red sky, and the tapping of my shoes turned to crunching. I lowered the pass, and looked around, behind me, a black night sky loomed over me, like a monster about to pounce on its prey, in front of me, the bright red light made me squint. I looked to the tree, silhouetted by the sunset, along with Judas. I gulped, hard, I made my way to the tree. I only stopped a few feet in front of the dangling body. I shuddered at the unnatural angle in which his neck twisted. The dead eyes made my tremble, I wanted to get away, terribly, but my legs wouldn't move. \"Gruesome, isn't it?\" A man's voice made me jump, a black clad figure passed by me, and stood beside the hanging corpse, looking up at it. My eyes widened as I realized the two looked similar, no, identical. I hardened my nerves and nodded. \"Of all the ways I could have chosen to go I had to chose this one… what was I thinking…\" He muttered. I stood there speechless, the man, Judas, looked at me. He smiled. \"Not every day you see a man hanging and then you see that same man standing beside his own corpse, is it?\" He asked, I shook my head. \"I want to help you, Alice.\" He said simply. I looked at him curiously. \"You know who I am, and I want to do something good with this immortal curse I have. I'm tired of using these gifts I have as weapons. Let me help you Alice, will you help me clear my name?\" He asked, his green eyes full of remorse. All of a sudden I couldn't breathe, I felt lightheaded, I gasped for air but I couldn't get fast enough, and fainted. Dracula I rushed to catch her, my death scene faded away and the school returned. I sighed heavily. \"Take note, when trying to get someone to let them help you, don't show them the way you died.\" I muttered the small almost angelic looking girl rest in my arms. I looked around and saw two boys come out of two different classroom. I laid Alice down gently and left stood back, to make sure they helped her not hurt her. One saw Alice first, and got the other's attention. They came and took her down to the nurse's office. Alice I slowly came to on a leather mattress in the nurse's office. I soft hand felt my forehead. \"What happened, sweetie?\" The nurse asked. I fluttered my eyes and propped myself up on my elbow. Looking around, I saw Judas, he gave me a meant to be comforting wink. I only shivered and looked back to the nurse. \"I don't know.\" I told her, not about to tell her I had a one sided conversation with the Betrayer of Christ. I heaved a sigh. \"I called your home, your older brother is coming to pick you up.\" She told me. I looked at her in astonishment, I was the eldest of my family, who had answered. I looked back to the corner in which Judas stood, but he was gone, but only momentarily, he walked in behind a blonde haired man with brown eyes. \"I'm her older brother.\" The man said. Judas looked to the nurse, who started to act flirty. She didn't even ask for ID like she should have, they she let the blonde man come forth and help me off the bed. What was I supposed to do, act like a maniac and scream that these men were strangers… I'd be put in the nut house, I went quietly with them. \"I need to get my things.\" I told the two men. \"Everything you need is in the car Alice.\" Judas told me. \"Why should I even be following you two?\" I yelled. \"Hey, keep it down!\" The Brit hissed. I glared at him. \"I know what's under that make up, Alice. You won't have to worry about neglect or abuse again if you come with us.\" Judas told me. I glared at him. \"What about my siblings.\" I hissed. \"They're fine.\" He told me. \"Why should I trust you?\" I spat. Judas sighed impatiently. \"Why can't you just trust me?\" He asked. I laughed and rolled my eyes, looking around. \"Hey that was my past!\" The man called, raising his voice slightly. \"Dracula!\" The Brit hissed. My eyes widened and I inclined my eyebrow. \"How so now you're a vampire!\" I asked. \"I've been a vampire for the past 2,000 years.\" Judas replied angrily. I rolled my eyes again and shook my head, I turned away from them and started walking into the school building. A chilled hand clamped down on my shoulders, \"Dracula\" twisted me around: \"Now that you know who I am, you know too much and I am left with no other choice than to take you by force. If you scream, I'll rip your throat out.\" The vampire hissed, grabbing my wrist with so much strength it was almost snapped in half, I winced as he began to pull me to a black automobile.[Chapter 3] I dug my heels into the ground, it was pavement so the only thing it really did for me was slow down the inevitable. Dracula looked stopped, heaving a sigh. He turned around. \"Believe me, Alice, when I do this, I want the best for you.\" He tried being nice again. I hardened my heart, glaring at him. \"People are going to start noticing.\" He continued. \"Good!\" I barked. \"Alice will you listen to me? You come with us, Mary and Simon will take care of you, you'll get everything you need. Why would you fight against that?\" He asked I glared up at him. \"What you think I'm the only one my father abused?\" I hissed. \"Yes as a matter of fact, you are. You are in denial, Alice.\" He told me. I started to tug away from him, his guard let down, but he tightened his grip. He shook his head, looking into my eyes. \"Dracula come on, our flight leaves soon.\" The vampire looked at Simon, then turned his attention back to me. He looked into my eyes. \"Just trust me.\" His voice softened and his eyes were warm and inviting. I could only nod, Dracula let my hand go and I followed him to the SUV. Dracula opened the back car door and I got in. I felt like I was in a haze, like I was suddenly in a dream. The door slammed shut behind me and Dracula got in the car in front of me. Simon started the car and we left. I watched everything go by through the window I read a sign, Seattle. I sighed. \"Where are we going?\" I asked. \"Britain.\" Dracula's voice sounded beside me, I gave a cry and jumped, hitting my head on the top of the car. I looked to the side, gripping my head. Dracula sat there with a smartass look on his face, laughing. \"I'd hit you, but something is telling me it would hurt me more than you.\" I growled at him. He smiled again and giving me a taunting smirk. I gave him my death glare. He looked out the window on his side. I looked away, watching the eerily green trees and my mind drifted into oblivion; no thoughts, no emotions, and most important that dull ache I always had, it was gone for only a few moments time. As long as I could disconnect myself from the world of true reality, I was at peace. I was brought back to reality by a cool hand on my arm. I opened my eyes, which I had unconsciously closed and looked to my left. Dracula looked at me with a sort of curiosity. \"What?\" I asked him. He looked at me, silent for a few moments and then he opened his mouth to speak. \"How do you do that?\" He asked. I raised my eyebrow at him. \"Do what?\" I asked, Dracula looked somewhat embarrassed. He looked away at the floor beneath his feet. \"Your mind, it was utterly blank, you had no emotions, no thought. It was blank, I've never seen that before.\" He muttered. I smirked, finding that I had baffled the King of Vampires himself. \"My mother taught me how to do it when I was young. It took me up until now to stay like that unless someone interrupts me.\" I told him. \"Well when you put it that way.\" He sounded a bit hurt. I looked down, feeling bad, I didn't mean it to come out that way. But the thought that he could've just said that to make me feel bad in the first place crossed my mind. Unbeknownst to me, he was hurt even more by that thought. I'd learn later on. \"What's it like to live forever?\" I asked, looking at him. He looked at me from the ground, those green eyes just ageless. \"In one word? Painful.\" He told me. I regretted asking. \"Sorry.\" I muttered. I heard Dracula laugh somewhat. I looked up to him and he was looking at me a handsome smile, wait, did I just say handsome? Well. \"We're even now, Alice.\" He told me I gave him a glare and looked away, mad that I had felt sorry for the deceiver. I watched the trees go by again, becoming lost in my own head all over again and honestly hoping that I wouldn't get interrupted again. The pain slipping away again, along with me irritation and that small amount of fear. I sighed and just drifted off to sleep. Dracula Those extra years on her face seemed to disappear once she was asleep. Why couldn't I have found her sooner? I felt terrible, like even though I had saved her, I still failed, she was still damaged. The damage done to the little angel was the type that couldn't be healed. I pet her soft, thick hair gently, so she wouldn't wake. \"You feel bad?\" Simon asked, I looked from the sleeping human to the one in front of me. I heaved a sigh before I replied. \"Yes.\" I told him, letting my arm fall. \"Why? We saved her from that 'utter destruction' you told Mary about.\" Simon replied. I shook my head. \"She's still broken.\" I muttered. Simon didn't reply, either from not having heard me or just not having a reply, I didn't really care. I just wanted to get Alice out of America and to her new life in Britain as soon as possible. We were at the airport before I knew it. I sighed, looking to the still sleeping teen. She looked so peaceful in her sleep, I didn't want to wake her, but I couldn't carry her around the airport. So I reluctantly woke her. \"Huh…what?\" She muttered, jolting awake. She looked at me, her tired eyes half open, she looked outside the window. \"I guess we're here?\" She said sleepily. I gave a small smile. \"Yes we're here, now come on.\" I said, getting out of the car. Alice was standing on the other side of the car. \"If I lean on you while we're walking, would you take it the wrong way?\" She asked me, I laughed on the inside. \"No.\" I replied, she didn't say anything but grabbed my lower arm and rest her head on my shoulder. \"I can't really walk well after I've just woken up.\" She told me. I looked down on her. This feeling coming over me, a warm feeling, it was gentle and nurturing. We started to walk into the airport and instantly women turned there gaze to me. Only to look away when they saw that Alice was on my arm. I looked at the young teen, thankfully she looked just old enough for me to be with her legally. We went through the metal detectors and boarded the plane. Alice took the inner seat and basically instantaneously fell asleep. I smiled at her. The child held a perfect image of innocence that just drove me wild. \"Why is it the best ones who get preyed on?\" I asked. Simon looked at me. \"You can't be falling in love with her, Dracula!\" I had to give it to him, Simon caught on quick. \"I'm in my 2000's, Simon, by now, I know what I want. Alice has everything I've been searching for. But I think I don't have much of a chance with the child…\" I said, giving a heavy regretful sigh. Simon looked at me with a doubtful look. \"Just be careful, I won't fight you this time, but don't get yourself killed over her the way you did with everyone else.\" Simon told me, putting back the seat and playing music from his Ipod. I sighed looking outside, the stars were out. Someone had to stay up to make sure we didn't get mugged, considering every other passenger on the plane was falling asleep. I was lost in my own world when I realized that Alice had started to whimper in his sleep, I opened my eyes and looked at her, there was a pained look on her face. I couldn't help myself, I pulled up the armrest and took the teen in my arms. Holding her close to me, her whimpers stopped and she fell back into peace. I didn't let her go. Leaning back into the seat, I kept one arm around her and propped my head on my free hand. Watching her sleep. A flight attendant came by, asking me if I needed anything, I just shook my head, keeping my gaze on Alice. Why was it so easy for me to fall for someone, especially this one, Alice, I had intended to be her hero, but she acted like she despised me, she'd probably attempt to hurt me once she woke, finding herself in my embrace. I wouldn't care. I enjoyed every minute of it. Two hours later, she stirred, lifting her head up away from my chest. She looked at me, with a look of deep curiosity. \"Why?\" She asked simply. I looked away, should I hide my emotions? Of course I should, she would be terrified by the whole idea of a vampire loving her. So I put on my snooty act and replied. \"You looked pathetic.\" She glared at me, those endless blue abysses gazing into the depth of my soul. She slammed into her seat, crossing her arms over her chest in an angry manner. I covered my self anger with an entertained air. And here I was thinking he had some sort of heart… they're all the same. She thought bitterly. I winced internally at that. I wasn't the same, at least I hoped. \"Alice.\" I called her. \"What could you possibly insult me about now, I'm just sitting here, oh let me guess, I'm being a super bitch, is that it?\" She hissed, it stung. I actually winced that time. \"No, you have a right, I've been acting terrible this entire trip, I'm sorry\" I told her. The child's expression changed, it softened to guilt. \"Well now I am a super bitch.\" She muttered. I looked at her with pain in my eyes. The poor child. I promised myself I would make everything up to her. Everything her father had done to her, I would undo. If it was the last thing I did.[Chapter 4] Alice fell asleep again. This time her sleep riddled with hushed whimpers and near audible groans, in order to figure out what was wrong with her I dove into her dreaming mind. All I saw were images, memories, of her mother, her father. They were just flashing, like strobe lights, her screaming siblings flashed by. It was loud, screams and moans, the sounds of a crashing airplane nearly made me have to cover my ears. I felt the heat of a fire, but as it all climaxed, it went dead silent, absolutely dark. Utter blackness spread as far as the eye could see. I searched for the little teen. But a beat shattered the crushing silence, like that of a heartbeat. It echoed like a lullaby throughout her Alice's mind. A small golden pinpoint of light sparked out of the darkness. No more. It was Alice's voice. It was a broken, rugged, sad, tear clogged voice, but beneath it all, there was strength. There was hope. The golden light exploded, nearly blinding me, causing me to shield my eyes until it dulled down. When it did, I heard the sound of running water, and birds singing, the fragrance of wild flowers hung heavily in the air. I opened my eyes, seeing a peaceful looking Alice sitting cross legged in the meadow. She had her eyes closed. \"This is where I go when I clear my mind.\" She told me, opening those gut punching Caribbean blue eyes. Her raven hair swayed in the light breeze. I looked around in awe, we were completely surrounded by trees, a charming little dirt path lead the way into the clearing. \"Is this place real?\" I asked her, sitting down across from Alice. She nodded. \"My mom always brought me here; this was where she taught me to clear my mind. She also brought me here to play, before she died. When my dad was actually a father. We'd come here, when I was an only child and we would spend the day here; having picnics. She's buried here.\" Alice said, looking over to the left. A small gravestone had appeared. \"I miss her a lot.\" Alice's voice cracked. I stared at her with sympathy, reaching over I brought her into my arms. She allowed me to, burying her face in my shoulder. \"All I ever want is to be six again. Like this was all a dream…\" She muttered. I rubbed her back soothingly, she pulled away from me and went over to the stream. \"This is my place of peace. Sometimes my mom is here, others she's not. But either way, here, I'm happy.\" She told me, despite what she said, she looked sad. Alice was hugging herself, slouched over, longingly watching the water run by her with a hung head. The meadow faded away, leaving us in a dark abyss again. I stared at her from the distance she put between us. She turned slowly looking at me. \"What about you? When you cleared away all your worries, and fears; did you go somewhere?\" She asked me. I nodded slowly at her. She smiled softly. I couldn't fight my own grin. \"Show me, you have full control of my mind. But don't you dare try anything funny. I'll throw you out faster than you can even blink. \"It's my castle in Transylvania.\" I told her, with that, a fierce wind came, forcing away the darkness like a hot summer wind would an early morning fog. It whipped Alice's hair about ferociously, making her press her hands to her head to keep her hair back. The wind died down as silvery moonlight fell upon the landscape, mist covered the ground up to my knees. It was up to Alice's calves. She looked around. I gazed upon the mystical Transylvanian landscape with gentle nostalgia. The slopes of the mountains that my castle was nestled in were barely visible in the darkness, their giant, majestic outlines barely highlighted against the moonlight. I could barely pick out the fire lit windows of my far off palace, its towers rising up above the small mountain slope and silhouetted against the moon. Alice came to my side. \"This place is beautiful.\" She told me, her crystal clear blue eyes wide. She was beautiful in the moonlight, her marble skin glowed radiantly, eyes shone softly, her hair glistened, moonlight playing off of the black strands of silk enticingly. I had to kiss her, but I was able to manage a chaste kiss to the forehead. \"I want you to be this happy, for the rest of your life, alright?\" I whispered to her. She squeaked, nearly whimpering. I pulled back and looked her in the eyes. Hers were even wider than before, filled to the brim with surprise. She nodded \"Okay.\" She told me. I smiled gently, nearly touching her face. But this time I restrained myself. She was so young, too young. I'd wait. So I left her to dream her own dreams. Taking my vision of Transylvania with me. I sat in the chair patiently, Alice was still asleep. I hoped that she would remember what had happened when she woke. She had trusted me without even slight hesitation. If she didn't remember, and she would wake up hating me again, I wouldn't know what to do. Four hours passed and she woke, stretching with a quiet groan. I fidgeted nervously. It was just a kiss on the forehead. I kept telling myself that, but I knew it was intimate for people that had just met face to face mere hours ago. As she finished stretching she went limp. Not saying a single word to me. She stared out the window at the starry sky. Please remember. I prayed (using the term lightly here) urgently. \"Dracula.\" She asked quietly, looking at me. I turned my attention to her gently. \"Yes Alice?\" I replied. She was hesitant. \"Was that real? In my dreams, was that you, really you?\" She asked. I nodded. \"Yes. You were upset, more than the last time. I… wanted to be sure you were okay.\" I told her nearly sheepishly. She gave me a quiet 'oh' but remained quiet for the rest of the flight. We finally landed at 2:30 in the morning. Alice was sound asleep once more. I nudged her awake gently, Simon woke with a jolt and a drowsy 'What?' I looked at him for a moment. \"We aren't flying anymore.\" He stated. I snorted and nodded. \"What a wonderful genius you are Simon.\" I commented. Alice was getting her bag from over our heads. She looked at me. \"In the dream… did you kiss me… on the forehead?\" She asked, pointing to her face. If I could blush I would have. \"Yes. I don't know why, I apologize. Alice.\" I told her. She shook her head with a drowsy shrug. \"I'm not mad… just confused. Why?\" She asked \"How long have you known me?\" She continued. \"Since 2000.\" I told her, walking out into the isle, she by passed me. \"Four years? You've been watching over me since I was eleven?\" She asked. I nodded shyly. \"Once more, I apologize.\" I told her. She laughed sleepily. \"No, it's fine. Comforting, now that I know you, like you were my guardian angel.\" She commented, touching my forearm. She grabbed my hand and started leading me off of the plane. \"Your refuge was beautiful by the way.\" I told her. She smiled softly. \"Thank you, I wish I could learn more about your Transylvania.\" She told me. I smiled. \"Maybe, if Mary and Simon let you. Maybe you could come see it, for a senior trip in high school.\" I told her. She smiled sweetly. 'I'd like that. It sounds completely wonderful.\" ","Summary":" Mary I entered Judas' containment chambers. I sighed, checking the traps to make sure Dracula would"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"Family,Pain and Secrets","Author":"I Heart Abby and Disney","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12250182","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Family,Pain and Secrets Chicken Little Fanfic Chapter 1: Buck's Secret None of this belongs to me it all belongs to is a sequel to my first fanfic The Life of Abby Mallard: The Story Of A Ugly Duckling please enjoy. It has been months after the Alien Invasion it was after school and Buck has just taken Chicken Little to Abby's house then Buck looked into the darkness \" okay it's safe he's gone now you can come out \" he called out calmly as then a dark figure came out to reveal a girl wearing \"rock & roll\" graphic t-shirt paired with a plaid skirt,her long, straight blonde hair had dark roots and she wore black cut-out heels and a bright pink bracelet complete her look, she looked like a average teenage girl yet at she seemed so hidden and unknown. She walked to him \" Can we move?,please!\" she asked begging him, Buck stared at her \" Cassie we can't,remember\" he told her,she sighed\"I know, why can't you just tell him?\". \" Listen to me, when the entire town find out about this secret they are going to react in the same way as they did at the \"sky falling\" incident, don't you see, they gonna hurt,they gonna abuse and I don't want that to happen to you!\" he shouted angrily. Suddenly the door opened \" Hey dad I'm home\" Chicken Little called as him and Abby came through the door Buck stared worried \" Quick,hide\" he hissed at Cassie, she looked at him and obliges as she goes under the bed. Buck then rushed down downstairs his face sweating \" what took you so long?\" Chicken Little asked curiously he thought ' Quick! Think of something!' as Abby stared at him suspiciously \"And why are you sweating?\" Abby asked her eyes filled with curiosity like his son's \"It's nothing I been busy,gotta bye \" he said sweating and rushed off. He stares down at the bed and called \"you can come out now\" and then as he says those words she comes out from under the bed.\" Something seems up\" Chicken Little said to his friend she replied \"I'll go talk to him\". She goes upstairs and creaks open Buck's bedroom door to find... (To Be Continued)[Chapter 2] Family,Pain and Secrets Chicken Little Fanfic Chapter 2: Found Out I am sorry if this is a bad fanfic but please enjoy. Abby stared at Cassie and Buck \"What is going now?!\" she shouted. \" Please Abby it not what it looks like\" Buck said nervously she stared him annoyed and screamed \" Really because it looks like you been lying to your son!\". \"Please Abby,don't tell him\" he begged. Abby growled \"why shouldn't I ? why should I keep this a secret after all the pain he's been put through?\". \" I better call mum\" Cassie muttered under her breath as she grabs the phone. A couples minutes later Cassie's mum comes by to Chicken Little's house and goes up to Buck's room wearing a blue floral dress with her long, wavy dark hair with cool blue highlights down. \"Buck what did you tell her!\" she yelled at him angrily. \"Oh I am going kill you for this!\" Cassie called out to her mother \"Mum wait! This wasn't Buck's fault it was an accident Abby just came up here that all he couldn't have done anything about it\" her mother's expression soften and she sighed as she sobs \" I'm sorry\". Buck then looked at Abby \"I am telling Chicken Little, he needs to know! Why shouldn't I tell him the truth !\" she told angrily. He looked into her eyes, he could tell she wanted Chicken Little to know the truth so he would know about any problems in his life. \"Abby listen to me this girl Cassie she was part of something that happened between me and chloe and if the entire town finds out she might get hurt and I don't want her to feel anymore pain than she'h got to \" he said sincely,warmly and filled with emotion, Abby looked at Cassie straight in these eyes, her expression soften \"Okay I'll help\" she says as she smiled warmly. Cassie smiles back at Abby and suddenly she hugs her warm and tight \"thank you\" she whispered into her ear crying tears of joy. (To be continued) ","Summary":" Family,Pain and Secrets Chicken Little Fanfic Chapter 1: Buck's Secret None of this belongs to me i"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"The Ugly Duckling, Another Chicken Little Incident","Author":"Franco MonoLoque Francaisberg","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11677370","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: I do not own any Walt Disney content or anything relating to it. This story I made is based at least 70% on the 2005 movie Chicken Little, A couple of storyboards on the internet that I found, which are from Disney, and the rest I just thought of with other ideas and my very own ideas. I mean no copyright infringement. I am a person who enjoys the movie Chicken Little and things relating to it because this movie understands me. Tell me what you think and I hope you like it. Chicken Little 2: The Ugly Duckling Story [ 500 Miles by The Proclaimers b egins to play] In Chicken Little's house, Chicken Little's alarm at 8:30 goes off and wakes him up. He gets up and stretches his back. Tired and still sleepy, he looks at his calendar. Chicken Little speaks in a happy excited voice,\"It's June 5th, time to go to school. I'm actually looking forward to this!\" He runs into his closet and changes into his everyday outfit, the green shirt and brown shorts. He combs his comb back to keep it looking cool. Chicken Little snatches his standard looking backpack and and rushes downstairs. [Song begins to die down temporarily] The small chicken entered the kitchen and told his father,\"Dad, we should get going, I think its time to go.\" His father, Buck Cluck, in a kind-of-happy voice replied with,\"Your absolutely right, lets go.\" Chicken Little was ready to go, so they both went outside their house and into their car and exited their driveway, and on towards to the central part of the town, the Oakey Oaks Town Square. [The song returns, until it ends] As they are driving to the bus stop, Chicken Little looks out his window, and sees the billboard about the movie that they made about him, and remembers about all the events the has had previously in his life. From the acorn incident to the invasion, from his victory in the big game to acknowledging his relationship with his love, he just tries to keep everything positive. After all, nothing in his life could go wrong, it was all good, and it should have always stayed that way. Chicken Little's father tells Little that they have reached their destination. Chicken Little gets out of the vehicle and says,\"Bye Dad, i'll see you later.\" He closed the door and walked down the block to his bus stop. He was smiling, no worries, and he was determined to be the best he can, nothing much could get in his way. People bothering him and harassing him was no longer, in fact it went from him looking up to people, to people looking up to him. As he proceeded his walk. people greeted him, everyone always seeing him as a hero, the savior, and as some people see him, the \"lord\". The little chicken went on to his stop where he talked to his friends. Everyone wanted to be his friend, which they were all at that time. But the ones that i'm talking about is his crew, Runt, Fish, and Abby, his closest friends. Chicken Little did his normal, non-irregular greeting with the people he talked to the most. First his secret hand shake with Fish, then a usual hello to Runt and Foxy, since they were just being their normal selves. Foxy Loxy, the one that has recently became a whole lot nicer and more accepting to people, was finally in a relationship with Runt. Finally, he sees his girlfriend, Abby Mallard, and they kiss simultaneously, almost trying to make out there in front of everyone, as if they were both planning to do so when they saw each other. It wasn't true that Chicken Little wasn't vulnerable to law, but it almost seemed like it because he was respected even by the law, like some kind of king. The pair went on to the bus when it arrived, Fish and the other pair also went on the bus, And every other person went on the bus. [The screen pans up like the first film of Chicken Little , and The movie title displays Chicken Little 2: The Ugly Duckling Story . As the bus proceeds down the road, it does that thing were the cast, director, and crew appears on the screen, while the song Tarzan Boy by Baltimora plays.] [Aprox. half hour later] The bus arrived at the town's educational facility, Oakey Oaks Middle School. Please tell me what you think about it, and thanks for taking time for to read it. Sorry if I ever messed up or you don't like it. If you don't like it, don't say things like it sucks, or its an abomination that does not deserve to exist. just tell me that it wasn't good if you didn't like it, and rate it. If you did like it rate it from 0 to 100. I will try to make more of it very soon this week, or anytime I can. This is just 1 of around 20 or 30. share this and To Be Continued...[Chapter 2] Again, I do not own any CHICKEN LITTLE characters, anything belonging to it is Disney's. This is just my personal rendition. Enjoy. Chicken Little 2: The Ugly Duckling Story Chapter 2 Mr. Woolensworth, Chicken Little's Friend's Teacher, was teaching the students about a new vocabulary in the subject of Mutton. As everyone in the classroom is nearly bored to death, Chicken Little is passing notes to all his friends, reminding them for the one-hundredth about the after school party they will be having. They all were aware, and sort of tired of it. Nobody cared, they would just let him continue. Oakey Oaks Middle School has gotten a Italian exchange student. Her name is as simple as simple can be. Rafaela. Yeah pretty much. Anyways, she comes from the urban part of Rome, nothing special. Since she is European, she can speak multiple languages, from Italian, French, and English, to Czech, Russian, and even Greek. When the bell rang, and it was time for lunch, Abby waited outside for Chicken Little and the others. The group all walked in a synchronized way, as they all moved in the same way, in the same direction, at the same speed. Very simultaneous. While Abby and Chicken Little walked, they also discussed about more important things than school, but not too important, because again, nothing could go wrong. Rafaela appears out of nowhere and begins to talk to Chicken Little, interrupting Abby. \"Ciao Piccolo Pollo, come stai?\" Chicken Little had though about it for a second, but then had no idea on how that could even be replied to. \"Um...Hey, you must be Rafaela...right?\" Runt and Foxy had walked off, Runt said \"Yeah we'll be over in the cafeteria, the same place as always.\" \"Anyways, do you have any plans after school?\" After Rafaela had said that to Chicken Little, Abby thought about how bad that sounded, and what would of happened she had not heard that . \"Um actually he does, so yeah back off !\" Chicken Little did not expect that from Abby, so he replied with \"Woah, ha ha ha, um well, actually if you want, you could come to our party at Fish's house.\" Rafaela liked the sound of this, so she said \"Perfetto, it sounds great, when is it exactly?\"it's at 6\". Abby was not sure that inviting Rafaela would be good idea, even when she accepts almost everyone. She just had a feeling, that tonight would not be good time. Abby thought about something, she needed some advice, so as always she looks up to the magazines, especially Modern Mallard. She told them a excuse, but she was so nervous, it was very noticeable, but she had just quickly gone to her locker to read a paragraph about her current situation. \"When you come across obsession or aggression, pound it out, get your message out, Closure. Close it and prevent it.\" I don't know, I am not an expert at storytelling, let alone a being a normal storyteller. This is not my 100% best, and I just give out simple ideas, generic thoughts, the smallest of things that happen in this story. I don't even have a well developed plot. Its hard to think about it because its a girl and a boy who go through a bit of trouble with their social and relationship life, caused because multiple factors including that they are teens, and are dating. This girl is definitely, the Ugly Duckling, and she shouldn't be judged because of her appearance, she is just trying to fit in, aren't we all? Anyways none more of that, so yeah here is the soundtrack, not including Score, and is still a work in progress. 500 Miles by The Proclaimers Tarzan Boy by Baltimora Battery by Metallica Happy Together by The Turtles Can't Buy Me Love by The Beatles Surfin' Bird by The Trashmen I Love Rock'N Roll by Joan Jett Yesterday by Paul McCartney Earth Angel by The Penguins performed by(voice actor for Runt) The Twist by Chubby Checker Shout by The Isley Brothers performed by(Voice Actors of Chicken Little, Abby, Runt, Fish, Foxy, And Many other characters) Score by - Sure, give it a 0/10 for all I care, because This is just a prototype, beta testing, its not done, and even when it is, its only 60% of the story will be used, plus look at the title THE UGLY DUCKLING, thats the main subject. As Chicken Little said ,\"All I Need Is A Chance.\" ","Summary":" Note: I do not own any Walt Disney content or anything relating to it. This story I made is based a"},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"The New obsession","Author":"I love creepy things","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6871186","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yeah it's a new story but I am making it until I figure how to continue the other. Also, for Akatsuki fans, I started the next CotD chapter (the dog one) and edited up to chapter 7 of Kitten Curse. There will be no Ocs for this one. ~Prologue~ It was a peaceful night in London. Besides a couple of night owls (1) and party people, everyone seemed warm and snug in their homes. There was no crime being committed and the air seemed warm and comforting. It had been a long time since the London air had been as peace as it was tonight; if only it was as peaceful in a certain home. \"No, Simon, for the last time we are going to leave Lisa out of this!\" a 30 year old Mary Sheepered, formally Mary Van Helsing, said strictly, clearing wanting the subject to drop. Simon, Mary's husband, sighed in exhaustion. \"Mary, Lisa has a right to know. You know perfectly well that he will go after her if he ever got out. He did the exact same thing with; after all she has his blood just like you do. If Lisa knew the truth about that she could take our place as guardian of the vault when we die and she will be better prepared to protect herself.\" Simon tried to reason with his wife, who he was married with for six years. Mary chewed her bottom lip as her arms hugged her sides, hanging her head as she looked worried. It had been eight years since Dracula had been killed by the sunlight.. Mary, with the help of Simon, returned the burnt body to the silver coffin, which had been found in the green house Dracula took Mary to when she was turned into a vampire (2) . Once the vampire was back where he had been for the last hundred years, Mary and Simon worked on making better traps and enhancing the security. Nether of them wanted a repeat of last time, seeing as it only led to death and kidnap. So, once making sure the new traps were in place and adding a blood sample lock, so only Mary and Simon could get in, the both left to let the vampire rot away to nothing. Two years later Mary and Simon got married and had a baby girl a month later. Both Mary and Simon were terrified that Dracula would go after their daughter like he did with Mary. Their daughter had the blood of Judas Iscariot, the betrayer of Christ and the first vampire. Like Mary Lisa was born with vampire blood. Even locked away Mary feared for her daughter; for years Dracula haunted her dreams so who's to say he wouldn't do it to her? \"Simon, Lisa is only six years old. It's not fair if we take her out of the world of make belief and fairy tails just yet. If you agree to allow her to have a normal childhood, I'll agree to tell her when she turns fifteen.\" Mary compromised, continuing to chew her bottom lip as her head turned to stair at the bedroom door belonging to her young daughter. \"Yes, Lisa deserves a normal childhood. I just hope he doesn't sense her like he did with you. I'd hate to have lie when she asks about those nightmares.\" Simon said with a sigh, brushing a hand through his short, dark, almost black, hair. \"Alright, we will tell her when she turns fifteen.\" He agreed and they both smiled sadly. Startlingly, they both turned their heads when they heard a tried moan. Standing in the door of the now opened room was a small six year old girl. Her light brown hair went below her shoulders and was a mess from sleeping on her. Her green eyes were sleepy looking and she was rubbing the left with her hand (3) . The little girl was wearing a pink and blue mix night dress and was holding onto a white stuffed bunny with her free hand. \"Lisa? What are you doing out of bed? Did you have a nightmare?\" Mary asked in panic, the idea of Dracula already getting to her frightening her like nothing else would. Instead the little girl just shook her head. \"No mommy. I just want some milk. Why do you look scared?\" The little girl known as the six year old Lisa asked her mom with curious eyes. Mary just smiled tenderly as she knelled down to hug her daughter. \"It's nothing, hunny. Your daddy will go get you some milk and I will stay with you, alright?\" Mary asked while Simon had already left to get the milk. Lisa smiled up at her mom and hugged her leg without dropping her bunny. \"I love you mommy.\" The girl said cutely, giggling while Mary nearly felt her heart break. Then and their she decided to do anything to protect Lisa, even if it would result in taking her own life. The chapter is short since it isn't actually chapter 1 yet. Chapter 1 will take place in the furture but NOT at age 15 ;) (1) By that I meant night people, now actually owls. (2) I think it was a green house. That's what it looked like anyway (3) Note that I tried finding things like eye color and couldn't see and I was too lazy to look too hard.[Chapter 2] Here is chapter one and I hope you like how it turned out :) oh and to warn you I might kill Simon and Mary off within time. Also Dracula will look like the Dracula from Dracula 2000, not the sequel ~Four years later~ How did it ever come to this? How did Lisa Sheepered end up in the family vault that had been locked for the past twelve years? Why was it that a white smokey fog was creeping out of the silver coffin and surrounding the confused and slightly scared young girl? Lisa didn't attend for any of this to happen; she had just wanted a good place to hide. ~Earlier that day~ \"Come on, lets play hide and seek.\" A boy names Robin Cox, a friend and classmate of Lisa's said with a grin on his freckled face. A girl named Sarah Links grinned at the idea while Lisa frowned. It was a Saturday afternoon and Lisa had invited four of her best friends from school over to play. It had been a while since the last time Lisa had been allowed any friends, seeing as how busy her parents normally kept her. On most Saturdays she helped in the shop, Sundays they went to church and she usually had homework after school. Yet the shop had been closed for today so Lisa and her friends were now playing in her room. \"Well, if we are going to play we have to be very careful; we can't play around my parent's antique shop.\" Lisa said nervously as she gazed around at her four friends. Another boy, who's name was David Lovely, smiled brightly. \"Don't worry Lisa, we don't want to make your parents mad. We'll stay out of the shop but the front lobby counts as hiding space.\" The boy said with a goofy grin, the black glasses on his face completing the silly look. The other ten year old children smiled as Lisa nodded. \"Alright, then lets play. From the front lobby to my family's living area's count as hiding space; just stay out of my room, OK?\" Lisa asked and suddenly smiled childishly, \"NOT IT!\" She shouted with a giggle, which was copied by the four other children and said last by Alexandria Fox. \"OK Alexandria, count down from fifty to give us time to hide. The last person found wins. In fact how about we make it interesting. The winner gets five dollars each from the others..\" Robin explained the rules. The others smiled at the idea of money and quickly agreed. \"What about me? How will I win?\" Alexandria asked, crossing her arms at finding the idea a little unfair. She needed a way to win or else it really would be unfair. Lisa tapped her chin in thought. \"How about if you can find all of us within the first hour and a half? This place is huge so it will take a while to find everyone.\" Lisa explained her offer. The others nodded their heads in agreement to the fairness. \"Where should I start counting? You said you didn't want anyone hiding in your room but can we use it as the counting room?\" Alexandria asked Lisa, thinking of no other place that they were allowed and wouldn't be used to hide in. Lisa thought about it for a moment, thinking no one would go through her things, and nodded. \"Yeah I'm OK with that. Just please don't through my things while I am not here.\" Lisa said with a slight frown, feeling slightly worried. Her friends were a little confused by her sudden look but just looked at each other and didn't question it. Lisa had a lot of things most children her age would consider weird for a ten year old girl. Unlike any other ten year old girls, Lisa was more interested in the supernatural instead of princesses. Lisa was more interested in vampires than she was in fairies. She didn't know where this interest came from but she determined it was just in her blood. So, as Alexandria started to count, Lisa, Robin, Sarah and David filed out of the room to find places to hide. Robin decided to hide in the pantry that was in the kitchen. Sarah hid behind a potted tree that was in the living room. David was a bit braver and, holding his breath, hid in the dirty laundry hamper that was downstairs in the washing room. Lisa went down to the lobby and headed to hide behind the front security desk; until she saw the family vault. A big grin came onto Lisa's face as she made her way over to the security, blood sample lock. Lisa was told that the vault was once broken into two years before she was born. Her parents told her that a blood sample was the only thing robbers couldn't hack seeing as the Sheepered family didn't donate blood. Now, she knew it would be cheating since no one else would get it, but Lisa saw it as the best hiding place that would help her get that twenty dollars. Lisa had been wanting to buy the Bram Stoker's Dracula book for a while now but nether Mary or Simon would buy it for her. So she had been saving up to buy herself her own copy. Twenty dollars would help her complete her goal and she could even get the book today if she talked her parents into taking her. Lisa took out a small silver pocket knife out of her pocket. Simon had given it to her just last month and she kept it hidden, seeing as a pocket knife for a ten year old wasn't normal. Flipping the knife open, Lisa slowly and carefully cut her finger until a drop of blood fell into the lock and began to open the lock. Seeing as she had both Mary and Simon's blood, she was the only one besides them that could open it; if they didn't want her to they shouldn't have told her how. A strange and cold wind rushed out of the vault to meet the ten year old's tender, warm skin. Lisa shivered but felt a thrill of excitement run down her back; never before had she been in the vault as he parents had forbidden it. Normally Lisa was a good little girl that wouldn't hesitate to listen to her parents and yet she was despite for money for that book. So, taking a slow step, Lisa entered the Van Helsing family vault. Seeing that there was no lock or handle on the inside of the vault door, Lisa knew she'd have to leave the door open for a way to get out. Maybe her friends would just think that her parents were counting the family money so they wouldn't come in. Lisa didn't think of anyone else coming in the closed store, as their home was upstairs, and deciding to enter the vault to rob it. She did know her parents would be upset in her but it would all be worth it for the money. Lisa walked down the hall of the vault, confused yet interested in what she saw. The walls were made of dirt with small shelves dug out of them There were a few unlit candles around the room and on a few of the shelves. Yet most of the shelves contained a skull with fangs. \"Vampire Heads. That's so cool (1) .\" Lisa whispered out loud, smiling to herself as she tried to keep quiet. With the way Alexandria counted she probably already started looking by now. Lisa suddenly jumped at the sound of a soft, male sigh. The young girl quickly looked all around her but found no one there. Gathering her nerves, Lisa took her eyes off the skulls and walked into another room that help items that looked to be a few hundred years old. There were old candle sticks, books, old paintings and even a horse carriage (2). Seeing as how old these things were, and some even looked rare, Lisa guessed that the items could be worth a few hundred each. Again Lisa jumped at hearing a sigh, only this time it was closer, deeper and clearer. It sounded like a man but, if it was Simon, he would probably yell at Lisa for being in here, not sigh. The ten year old girl looked down the passage way, noticing another hallway. Curiosity taking the better of her, Lisa walked down the path, only to meet a blocked off door. \"Um, hello?\" Lisa called, half expecting somebody to answer her. Instead Lisa was startled as a rat ran by her and pushed its way into a rather big hole into the next room. Noticing that some of the board that covered the hole were loose, Lisa walked over and took out her knife to prey them away the door. The first two boards were easy for the ten year old, as they nailing had come loose. It was the third board that was difficult. Although there was now enough space for Lisa to crawl through so she just gave up and crawled to the other side. Instantly Lisa had to cover her nose as the stench of death hit her. All around were dead rats, bird and a couple bats; all which looked to have blood on their fur. Dull sunset sunlight was shining through cracks in the ceiling, surrounding a large silver coffin which was covered in crosses which sat on a slab of stone. Lisa felt another cold shiver go down her back as she saw that most of the dead animals surrounded the coffin. \"Why does mom and dad have a coffin down here? Why was it locked up like this and why didn't they want me to know about it?\" Lisa whispered to herself, having completely forgotten about the hide and seek game as well as the twenty dollars. As if reacting to her voice, a sudden white smoky fog started to pour out of the coffin by the crosses. Confused, Lisa started to back up towards the door she had come through, now feeling a bit uneasy and wanting to leave. Yet, before she could get to the other side, some of the smoke appeared behind her and pushed on her back as if a person. Lisa was only confused for a second before she screamed as spikes came swinging down, now covering the door. Whatever the fog was, it had just saved her life. \"Lisa.\" A raspy soft whisper of a male came from inside the coffin and Lisa could only stare at it with wide eyes. Even more smoke poured out of the coffin as she stared at it. 'No, it's impossible. It can't be a vampire. They aren't actually real; are they?' She thought to herself but suddenly remembered the skulls and items. Among those items were old looking weapons; vampire hunting looking weapons. \"Lisa, please let me out. Open the coffin, Lisa.\" The man's voice said once again. Lisa shivered once again although, like the first time, it was in excitement. \"Who are you? Why should I trust you?\" Lisa asked, slowly inching closer to the coffin as the smoke surrounded her like a damp blanket. She heard a dry laugh come from the coffin, as if the person's throat was lacking liquid. \"Your parents locked me in here twelve years ago. Don't you want to know the truth, Lisa? Lisa, please set free and I will tell you whatever you want to know.\" The man's voice pleaded and Lisa gulped, now feeling nervous. Her parents knew about this and yet they never told her. Lisa felt sad, betrayed and she wanted to know the truth. \"How... how do I open it?\" Lisa stuttered, not sure if she should be listening to this man, or vampire as she suspected. Her parents must know about this, if they were truthfully the ones to lock him away. They must have had a reason to keep it secret from her all this time. Yet, what would have been the danger in letting her know vampires were real and there was one locked up in the family vault? A locked up vampire was a harmless vampire in Lisa's eyes. A muffled contented sigh was heard from inside the coffin. \"Thank you my dear. Turn the left cross to the right and the coffin will open .\" The man instructed and Lisa did just that. The coffin lid swung opened and smoke filled out like hornet escaping poisonous gas. Once the smoke cleared Lisa saw a pale man with curly brown hair and closed eyes. His clothes looked burned and barely held together. His body looked burn in parts and it made Lisa shiver. (3) The young girl couldn't stop her startled gasp as the man's eyes suddenly opened, looked over at her and he sat up slowly. \"You... you are Mary's daughter. You... are real (4) .\" He whispered as he reached out a bunt looking hand to touch her face. Frozen in fear and amazement, Lisa couldn't move as the vampire's hand stroked her cheek. The ten year old girl felt like she was in some kind of trance as she watched the vampire look at her, his fangs poking from his top lip. She knew she should have been more aware and alert, seeing as she was all alone with a vampire that drank human blood. Yet he had mentioned that her parents were involved and it brought up so many questions that she wanted to ask. Yet, before ether of them could do anything at all, a loud siren sound began to go off, causing the vampire to let go of Lisa and look up in annoyance. \"They'll be here soon. I have to go.\" The vampire mumbled just as annoyed as he suddenly disappeared from the coffin in a puff of smoke. A moment later he was standing next to Lisa as spikes fell down on the empty coffin. \"Wha...\" Lisa began to ask but the vampire cut her off by grabbing her chin and making her look into his eyes. \"Shhh. It is time for you to sleep, Lisa. For now I have to go and regain my strength but I promise I'll will return for you, my princess.\" The man whispered as his green eyes began to tint to red. Lisa found herself powerless and helpless as she began to fall onto the cement ground and the vampire turned into smoke, disappearing through the now night sky seconds before the oncoming built could even graze him. (1) She doesn't believe in real vampires yet, she is just interested in them and that is what they look like to her (2) That was just made up by me. I am just thinking of the things I saw and thinking of things that might be down there (3) He healed a bit from all the animal blood (4) Next chap will be really long as it will explain this and who shot at Dracula[Chapter 3] I don't care if I get a lot of reviews/comments or readers. I post it because I like to write. Here is chapter two. Oh and I think I might time skip again, only five years though ~Earlier with Mary and Simon~ \"Simon, I'm getting really worried about Lisa. She is getting much too interested in vampires; she'd determined to get that Dracula book.\" Mary said with an uneasy frown while she watched her husband examine an old vampire hunter gun that was cased in silver. Simon sighed as he put the gun away. \"Yes, I agree with you. I'm starting to fear that his blood is starting to affect her own. I think we need to be extra careful from now on. I have a really bad feeling that something is about to happen.\" Simon replied as he brushed a hand through his dark brown hair. Mary crossed her arms and chewed on the thumb of her other hand. \"Simon, my dreams of him stopped ten years ago. Even after we locked him away he would still haunt me. Yet, once Lisa was born...\" Mary cut herself off, not wanting to continue her own thought for just the thought put a shiver down her back. Simon frowned as he walked to his wife, hugging her comfortingly. \"Mary, Lisa is going to be safe. He locked up and cannot hurt Lisa. Not once as she complained or mentioned when she has had a dream about him. In five years we will tell Lisa the truth.\" Simon said soothingly, rubbing Mary's back but it didn't comfort the woman one bit. Somewhere in her own blood, the blood that had once belonged Dracula was stirring. She could just feel that he was still alive and just waiting to become free. \"But what if Lisa hates us for not telling her the truth sooner? You know her interest in vampires. She won't understand what Dracula has done to us.\" Mary started to sob in fear of what hadn't even happened yet and Simon cringed at the name of the vampire. Ever since Dracula tried to make Mary kill him, Simon never wanted to say his name, ether of them, ever again. \"Mary, please calm down. Lisa is a smart young girl, she'll understand. That vampire is the reason she'll never get to see her grandfather.\" Simon said, cupping Mary's face with one hand as the other dried the tears off of her face. Mary smiled weakly as she nodded her head, trying to push her fear to the back of her mind and be strong for her daughter. Before the two could do anything else, both their eyes widened in fear as they heard the alarm in the vault go off. Nether neither Mary nor Simon said anything, they just both went into action. Simon grabbed the gun he had been looking at earlier while Mary left to go find Lisa and her friend before Dracula ever could. Simon rushed downstairs and noticed right away that the vault was open. Yet the only way to open the vault was to use their blood for the DNA scanner. He and Mary had been upstairs in the office all day so that only left... \"Lisa... No!\" Simon whispered, his eyes widening in fear. Besides him and Mary, Lisa was the only other one that could open the vault seeing as she shared both of their DNA. \"Lisa?\" Simon yelled as he entered the vault running. He ran past the vampire skulls, the artifacts and ended up in front of the blocked off door. Simon paled as he noticed that the boards had been removed and the door was opened but covered by the spikes. Acting fast, Simon grabbed the hidden lever that made the spikes rise and turned off so they wouldn't kill him when he left. He rushed into the room only to see the burnt looking vampire stand next to his fainting daughter. Simon aimed the gun at the vampire's head and shot but Dracula escaped before the built could even graze him. \"DAMN IT!\" Simon shouted, his voice echoing through the vault. A second later his echo was over taken by the loud sound of shoes slapping on the ground, moments later Mary entering the room. \"Simon, I couldn't find Lisa. Her friends said they were playing hide and seek and that she headed for the lobby! I sent the other children home but I still can't find our daughter.\" Mary said worryingly. Her face was red in sweat, she was huffing from all the running she did and her eyes held fear which got worse when she noticed her daughter laying on the cement floor right next to the coffin. \"The bastard! He got to her!\" Simon shouted while Mary dropped to her knees, grabbed her daughter and pulled her against her chest. The woman then frantically searched for a pair of bite marks before thanking god to see Lisa's neck untouched. \"He didn't bite her, she is still alive. I don't know what he did to her.\" Mary said as tears fell down her face. Simon gave up looking at his day light trap (1) before walking behind Mary and looked down at his daughter. \"We will just have to wait and pray to god that that monster did nothing to hurt our little girl.\" Simon said as he placed his hand on her shoulder. Mary dried her eyes with one hand as she then placed it on Simon's. \"I swear to god himself I am going to kill that bastard. First he let those brides kill my father, then he tries to make me kill you. Now he is targeting our daughter.\" She sniffled, wiping the snot that ran down her nose with her sleeve. Mary's voice was bitter and filled with so much rage it made Simon tense, yet he didn't hesitate to agree with his wife. \"We will kill him together and this time we will bury him under cement so no one will be able to find him. Here, give me Lisa. Go call your friend from New Orleans, that David person. He's a priest, right?\" Simon asked as he took Lisa from Mary and headed toward the door, looking behind him at his wife. Mary stood slowly as she nodded. \"Yes he is. Do you think he can help us?\" Mary asked, hope in her voice. David was the one that she first person she had mentioned Dracula too, before she even knew he was a vampire and even real at all. At first David didn't seem to believe Mary when she told him her dreams and visions were real, but after they showed him the burnt body of Dracula, he apologized for not believing her sooner and even promised to help in any way he could. \"Yes. I want to see if he can bless her in god's name, undo whatever that monster did to her.\" Simon replied as he turned his head away, walking with Mary out of the vault. The woman nodded her head and walked to the front desk as soon as they left the vault. \"I'll call David right now. Take Lisa into our bedroom and stay with her. We don't know where Dracula could have gone; he can still be in this area for all we know. God help those children got well enough away.\" Mary said with slight worry at the last part as she dialled in the phone number. Simon frowned, also in worry, as nodded his head without words and hurried off to his and Mary's room, not planning to leave until David got there. ~Time skip~ \"How long as she been like this?\" David (2) asked as he sat beside the sleeping child. It was already noon the next day, as the plane ride took a lot longer than thought to be, but Lisa was still in her trance of sleep. \"She's been sleeping like this since I found her at nine thirty at night. He had been standing next to her before he ran away. I know that monster has something to do with this.\" Simon said as he took his daughters hand, rubbing it softly but the girl didn't even flinch. Mary was pacing on the other side of the room, one arm around her chest as she chewed on the thumbnail of her other hand. David gently pulled open the young girl's eyelid to get a look at the eye. It was looking down as she continued to sleep. The priest took out a small flashlight that doctors used, clicked it on and shone it into Lisa's eye. The eye twitched, as if bothered, but did not look up. With a sigh David let go of Lisa's eyelid, turned off the light and looked at his old friend and her husband. \"I think she is just hypnotized; in a sleeping trance.\" He reported and the Sheepered couple felt slightly relieved. At least they now knew the worst of what could have happened didn't. \"Lisa has always been a deep sleeper. Simon and I always need to wake her in the mornings for school and it normally takes her half an hour to fully get out of bed. Sometime she won't wake at all and we have to dump water on her face.\" Mary said, lowering her one hand from her mouth as she looked hopefully at Simon. Simon's head snapped up in realization and hope as he suddenly darted to the kitchen, soon coming back with a glass of water. \"Lisa, wake up.\" Simon said strictly, as if she were sleeping in from school instead under a vampire's trance. He hopped it would be the thing to work as he dumped the cold water onto Lisa's face. Within seconds of the water hitting her face, Lisa's eyes popped open and she sat up quickly. The young girl coughed as if some of the water got into her lungs. The child then quickly scanned her surroundings, confused to why she was in her parent's room with a strange man and her parents with her. \"Lisa! Thank god you're alright!\" Mary shouted and hugged her daughter, followed by Simon hugging her from the opposite side. Lisa grunted as she tried to push them away. \"Mom, dad, you're hurting me. I feel like a ham sandwich.\" Lisa whined frowning. She was confused to why her parents were hugging her so tightly and why the man, who she noticed was in a priest uniform, was looking at her in worry as well. David cleared his throat to get the couple's attention. Mary and Simon let go of their daughter to look at David. They both know that he wanted to question Lisa about what she saw and if she even remembered it. For all they knew Dracula could have made her forget all about him, yet it seemed unlikely if he wanted her as his own. So Simon and Mary got off the bed and went to the other side of the bedroom, keeping their eyes on their daughter and being ready to tell her the truth if they needed to. Father David walked over and sat on the bed beside Lisa, smiling warmly. Lisa only looked at him in confusion, unsure why a priest looking man was here with her. \"Hello, Lisa. My name is David; I'm a old friend of your mother's. They asked me to come here because your father found you in the vault. What do you remember what happened while you were inside that vault?\" David asked so serious it confused the ten year old girl. Although, noticing her parents looked weirdly worried, Lisa blinked a few times as she tried to remember. \"I remember going to hide in there because my friends made a bet with our hide and seek game. The last person found gets twenty dollars. I remember seeing weird skulls on shelves; they looked like vampire skulls. Then I remember a room with a bunch of eighteenth century things. I must have fallen asleep after that because I think I dreamed about a vampire. He was in a silver coffin and he kept asking me to let him out. He said mom and dad put him in there twelve years ago and promised to tell me the truth if I freed him. I remember, in the dream, I opened the coffin and a burnt looking man with fangs was in there. He touched my face before turning into smoke to leave the coffin. Spikes fell on the coffin and the last thing I saw was his green eyes turning red. The last thing I heard was him calling me princess.\" Lisa said as she recalled her so called dream. Mary was covering her mouth with one hand as she shook in fear as Simon held onto her comfortingly. David smiled warmly as he stood up from the bed and walked over to the parents. Lisa stayed on the bed as she watched the tree adults leave the room, probably to talk in privacy. Although, being over curious, Lisa quietly got out of bed and went near the door so she could hear what her parents and the man were talking about. \"She thinks is was all a dream. In a way that really scares me.\" Lisa heard the man named David tell her parents. Lisa heard her parents both sigh, which confused the young child. \"Lisa is in danger. He called her Princes; he's going to go after her. We can't let that happen.\" The voice of Lisa's mother said in a weirdly sad voice. Lisa was now really confused; why were they talking about her dream as if it really happened? \"That monster is looking for a mate, like he did with you, Mary. Lisa is too young for him right now. The best thing that could happen was if he were to wait a few years. It'd give us time to try to hunt him down and train Lisa.\" Simon's voice was so serious it put a shiver down Lisa's back. She frowned as she remembered the dream, seeing no way how it could be real; vampire just didn't exist no matter how exciting it would be. \"I suggest you wait a while before you tell her. It might be best if you don't train her to be a vampire hunter. Dracula has a hypnotic power over women and he can easily use it against her.\" David's voice said again and Lisa's young eyes widen in shock. 'Did he just say Dracula and vampire hunter? Is this some kind of joke; do they know I'm listening in and teasing me... or was my dream real?' Lisa thought as she pulled herself away from the door to think about it. Now that she recalled her dream she remembered how the cold burnt hand felt on her check; the dry flakes of skin lightly scratching her. \"Alright, we'll wait then. We'll wait and see if Lisa starts having nightmares about that monster. If everything goes well we won't tell her until we first planned. We'll tell Lisa everything on her fifteenth birthday.\" Lisa's father sounded like he was agreeing with something. Softly cursing to herself (3) for not paying enough attention Lisa quickly got back into the bed second before the door opened. \"Well, it was very nice to meet the daughter of one of my old friends but I must leave now.\" David said, looking at the girl with a soft smile. Lisa smiled back brightly, acting as if she knew nothing of what he and her parents talked about. \"Goodbye Father David.\" Lisa waved her hand, giggling happily. Unnoticed to her, Simon and Mary exchanged nervous looks; Lisa seemed much too happy for someone that had a nightmare . \"Just give me a call if you need my help.\" David whispered to the two adults before he exited the room. With the priest gone, Simon and Mary forced smiles as they looked at their daughter. \"So, what would you like for lunch?\" Simon said in a chipper tone, clapping his hand together. Lisa grinned wide as she jumped out of the bed. \"Can we go out to Wendy's?\" The ten year old asked, eager to go to her favorite fast food restaurant. The Sheepered parents couldn't help but laugh; Lisa was just so innocent and they wanted her to stay this innocent for as long as she could. ~With Dracula/16 hours ago~ After being trapped for twelve years Dracula was feeling light headed and weakened by the lack of blood. Although, thanks to the new traps Mary and Simon installed, it allowed small animals to enter. The vampire had a bit of strength left and caused his smoke to guide the creatures over the coffin before he'd crush their throats so the blood would spill in the coffin. Also he was nowhere near as weak as he was last time; twelve years was nothing compared to over one hundred. Dracula also resisted fighting to get out, as it did nothing the last time; he could only wait for something to go wrong like it did last time. So, to pass the time he would just sleep and dream. Most of his dreams contained of Mary and once in a while he'd ask to be set free, though, of course the answer was always no. Dracula did feel a need to get revenge on Mary; she had betrayed him and then locked him back up even after he realized her from the curse. He didn't want to kill her like he did with Abraham, since he still had feelings for her, but he knew she needed to be punished. Although, after only two years of being inside the coffin, Dracula's dreams of Mary stopped and they were replaced by dreams of a baby girl. The vampire wasn't sure what to think of it. Was it a sign that Mary had a baby, as the last time he had a dream like this, Mary was the baby. Or was he finally going crazy, his mind so hurt by Mary's betrayal that it made up a replacement. None the less Dracula kept having dreams of this young girl named Lisa for ten years. He watched her grow and would talk to her once in a while. The vampire was surprised that the girl didn't show fear like how Mary always did; with Mary it almost made her think she was going crazy. Dracula knew that, by chance this girl really was Mary's daughter; he would make her his mate. She'd be his and he be hers. Not even the girl's parents would stop him, as he would kill them if needed; even Mary if he couldn't convince her to come back to him. Dracula was sure he was dreaming when he heard Lisa's voice lightly echo through the vault. Yet, dream or somehow real, it made the vampire sigh contently. How he wished he could see Lisa in real life instead of just her dreams. His perfect revenge on Mary would be to kidnap her child and raise her as his own until she was old enough to be his mate. So the vampire called her name softly, and he suddenly saw her in his chamber (4) . There she was, staring as his coffin while the smoke poured out. He saw the girl back towards the door she had come from and, acting quickly, he controlled his smoke to rush behind her to push her forwards before the spikes would swing down to kill her. Once he was sure the girl would be safe he called out her name, watching as her eyes widened in shock, looking at his coffin. He smirked softly at her thoughts; clearly Mary and that pest Simon never told her about him yet. Stupid mistake seeing as he now had the advantage. \"Lisa, please let me out. Open the coffin, Lisa.\"He begged, making himself seem pathetic to gain pity. Dracula smirked, satisfied as he watched the girl slowly walk to his coffin, even after questioning why she should trust him. 'Heh, she is already under my influence. She'll be much easier to control than Mary was. I hope this is all real.' The vampire thought to himself while he uttered a bitter chuckle. \"Your parents locked me in here twelve years ago. Don't you want to know the truth, Lisa? Lisa, please set free and I will tell you whatever you want to know.\" Dracula promised and meant it. If he could make her hate her parents it would just end up better for him. Dracula smiled when the young girl asked how she opened the coffin. He wasn't even using his power on her; not that he actually could; she was just trusting him because she wanted to. The vampire gave her the instructions to how to open the coffin and second later he was opening his eyes to see the girl standing next to the coffin. He was no dreaming; Lisa was indeed real. If his heart still would have worked, Dracula knew it would have ether stopped for a moment or speed up. The girl he had dreamed about for twelve years was real. He couldn't help himself as he sat up in the coffin and reached out a hand to touch her cheek. The girl didn't even flinch and it made his lips twitch into a pleased smile. He wanted to go further, his blood lust starting to take over, but he was suddenly interrupted by the security alarm. Cursing to himself, the vampire used what power he had to turn into smoke to leave the coffin quickly, before the spikes could hurt him. He quickly reappeared beside the young child before hypnotizing her before she could even say one word. At that time Simon entered the room and Dracula took his escape, knowing he lacked too much blood to hold up a fight with a hunter. ~Now~ Dracula was resting in a cemetery crept, which was void of sunlight and had tuns of room since the crept held only a cremated rich people family. The vampire, still wake, only looked at the vases with a slight amused smile. \"What's the point of getting them cremated if the person does not wish to keep them? Even as ashes they remain spoiled.\" He said to himself, chuckling softly as he leaned back against the stone wall. Closing his eyes, the vampire tilted his head up and thought of Lisa. He didn't want to leave her back in the vault; Dracula wanted to talk her with him but he knew he couldn't. For one thing he was too weak to transport away with her and he'd probably end up biting her. He had little control of himself that night and only had control in the vault from his surprise and happiness. It was when he got outside that he lost control of his blood lust. When Dracula got outside he had searched for the strongest of men that he could find. He quickly got his strength back after he drained the bodies of three men. He didn't care if they'd turn into vampires as the hunters would kill them if the sun already didn't. He hadn't bothered look for any brides yet as he didn't need them right away. Once he was settled, and had a house of his own, then he would look for some brides before working on his plan to kidnap Lisa Sheepered. Perhaps he'd wait five years and allow her parents to think he lost interest. Oh yes, that would be just perfect and the looks of shock on the two human's faces would just make his revenge complete. Chuckling to himself, Dracula laid himself down to allow himself sleep, hoping to have dreams of Lisa. (1) He means those cracks in the ceiling. I also watched the movie again last night and saw that sunlight came through where the spikes had been (2) He has no last name that I know of. It just says Father David (3) I know Mary should have said something like; he couldn't hypnotize me, but she said that when Lisa wasn't listening, OK? Also Lisa only says Dammit (4) It's like he is some kind of ghost or he is part of the fog (bonus) Oops, I forgot to say earlier that Lisa as had dreams of Dracula, but I didn't know how to add it. I will mention it in the next chapter[Chapter 4] Hey, for those that actually read this give Kinded Isa 's Dracula 2000 story a look. It isn't in the Dracula 2000 story list, as some don't appear in the lists. But I read her story and liked it so I am recommending it. It is called; Dracula 2000 Blood of my Blood. Also a story that isn't in the list called Blood of My Blood? Just Freakin Peachy by grimmylikesazrael Now, this chapter was going to time skip 2 years but I wanted to make a chapter to show how Dracula found his brides. I was just going to talk about it but it is a little tricky for me. So I think the next chapter will be the time skip... maybe... No Now I want to warn you that some chapters might get really long; like maybe 5000 words. Oh and I want a twist to the story so Lisa and Dracula wont become mates. But he will still kidnap her and maybe turn her; I am still thinking. If I full through with this Dracula wont end up with Lisa but there might be a sequel ~1 month later~ ~The first Bride~ It had been a month since his escape and so far Dracula had the luck of avoiding any hunters; not that there were many to avoid to begin with. Perhaps they all believed vampires were extincted seeing as he was the only one that could turn humans and he hadn't been a round to make any new ones. It didn't matter to him, it just made things much easier. Although he had expected Simon or Mary to come for him around this time. They were probably taking care of their daughter instead. Just the thought of Lisa made the vampire smirk. He decided it'd be best to wait a few years before he went back to take her. First he had to prepare a lot of things and he didn't know if he could raise her to a certain age before he felt the need to drink from her. For now he would just look for his brides. Because of what happened in the past Dracula wasn't going to pick the first women he saw as brides like he did with Solina and Victoria. They were good brides but he could have gone without their jealousy for Mary. Even Lucy, who was Mary's supposing best friend, mocked her about having Dracula's blood and killing her father. Dracula figured if his brides weren't as jealous as the last three maybe Lisa wouldn't have a reason to fear him; although that also counted on if Mary and Simon didn't talk about him yet. Dracula had also already found a house a week after his escape. It was a three story large house with tons of room. It would fit himself, his brides, Lisa once he took her and some servants if he ever wanted them. There was even a basement that he turned into a prison cell. Now, if he saw fit, he could torture those he wished not to feed on right away. Perhaps Simon would end up there; it was just a matter of time. As the vampire walked into a near by park he looked to a bench where he saw a attractive woman sitting. The woman had long blond hair which was up in a pony tail and her light brown eyes shone as she gently tossed blue berries to some owls that were feeding. Sitting beside the woman was a bag of baby carrots. If he had to guess, Dracula would think this woman was in her mid twenties, not too old and yet not too young for his liking. He could also tell, by the scent of her skin, that this woman never ate meat; she was a vegetarian. This made the the two thousand year old vampire smirk in delight. It had been a long time since he had feed from a vegetarian and he found their blood one of the healthiest he'd ever get. Deciding he wanted to watch her for a moment, Dracula turned himself into a wolf and walked over to the woman. As he approached the owls flew away, scared to be eaten, and the woman turned to see a him walking towards her. \"Oh... where did you come from? Did you escape from the zoo?\" The woman asked as she stood off of the bench and knelt on the ground to be eye level with the wolf . Dracula blinked his green eyes, making himself seem innocent by tilting his head. The woman, who's name was Tammy Wedsterman, no relation to Lucy Westerman, smiled at the big dog like creature. Reaching out her hand, Dracula watched as the human woman started to scratch behind his ear. Just from studying her the vampire could tell that the woman was a nature lover and, if she treated animals this kind, he wondered how she would treat Lisa. Well if things don't turn out the way he wants he could always kill and replace this girl. So, while Tammy got distracted by a sound behind her, Dracula quickly turned back into his human form and knelt down so he would stay eye level. As soon as the woman turned back her eyes widened in shock to see a man replacing the wolf that had been standing there a moment ago. She would have jumped up and screamed in surprise but, at that moment, her eyes were caught in his. Dracula grinned when he saw this. Even when locked away for another twelve years he never lost his charm. The vampire slowly stood up, silently commanding that the woman do the same, which she did. Dracula's grin widened as he held out his hand for her to take; this was much too easy. The woman was already hypnotized and taking his hand. In no time at all, Dracula had pulled her closer and sank his fangs within her neck. Tammy let a soft gasp escape her throat but she did not struggle in the vampire's grip. Tammy didn't even realize that a vampire was sucking the blood out of her. All the woman focused on was the way the man was making her body feel. It felt really good to Tammy; she wanted him to continue and never stop. At that Dracula smiled against the woman's skin, sucking more and more of her blood, pulling away when he felt her go limp in his arms. \"One bride down, two more to go.\" He whispered, allowing some stray blood to roll down his lips while he stroked a hand through the woman's blond hair. When the vampire heard some people starting to approach the park, he countered his mist to teleport himself and his new bride back to his home. Once home, Dracula carried Tammy bridal style down a hall to where he was planning to keep his brides. He nudged the already open door all the way open and entered the bedroom he had prepared. The room was nothing special; nothing compared to his room and what Lisa's room would be anyways. There was only a twin sized bed with a rich red blanket and red and black pillows. The walls of the room matched the bed, the floor was a cold wooded brown with a devil black carpet. The widows had been panted black so not one sliver of sunlight. At one corner was a small wardrobe as most of his past brides didn't much change their clothes so there wasn't a need for very much. \"Ah, there we go.\" Dracula whispered with a smile on his face, placing the dying woman on the bed. Smiling to himself, satisfied with his first bride, Dracula put his hand through her hair like he did while at the park. \"Sleep, Tammy, for when you wake everything you knew is going to change.\" The vampire whispered, having learned the woman's name from drinking her blood. Tammy didn't stir or twitch whatsoever as Dracula got up from his spot on the bed and left the room to let his first bride turn and wake on her own. ~The second Bride~ Only a week after making Tammy his first bride, Dracula was on the hunt for his second. Tammy, who was now wearing a long white, sleeveless dress, was tagging along with her new master, curious to know who her new sister would be. It was also a good time for Tammy to hunt, as Dracula had been bringing home dinner . He didn't want too many people to suddenly go missing at one time, as it would let hunters know where he was and it would ruin his plains with Lisa. So, until his brides would get better control of their blood lust, Dracula kept a few people in his dungeon, taking out their blood with medical supplies to make the blood last longer. Once the prisoner would get too sick, he would allow Tammy to finish off the body before he would throw it into the Westminster Peir. (1) Although, for tonight, he decided to treat Tammy to fresh blood while he hunted for another woman. He was sure that Tammy wouldn't do something as stupid as break into someone's home. Dracula already made it clear to Tammy that he had some rules that needed to be followed. For one thing, because of what happened to Lucy Westerman, the one that lived in the eighteen century, he disallowed the feeding off anyone under thirteen. One other rule was no one could break into a random house. If they had reason to enter then they'd do it. Otherwise he didn't need the attention. \"Master, I smell mortals approaching.\" Tammy hissed with lust in her voice. Dracula looked at his bride before he also noticed the scent of a female woman, as well as a man, approaching. The woman looked to be in her late teens to early twenties. She had short brown, wavy hair and, even from far away Dracula could see that her eyes were a dark gray. She was wearing a green hoodie shirt and tight blue jeans. The woman was laughing about something with the man while she was counting money she had in her hands. Curious to what they were talking about, Dracula got closer and hid in the shadows with Tammy as they listened in. \"Man, babysitting seems like such an easy job. You're lucky, Sarah.\" The man that was walking beside her commented while pushing his hands in his pockets. The woman, Sarah, giggled as she pushed her money in her hoodie pocket. \"Yeah I know, Brand. The parents trust me and the children love me so much they never tell on me when I steal from them. Just look at this watch I took.\" Sarah laughed as she took out an gold Rolex. The man whistled, clearly impressed, as Dracula and Tammy silently followed, continuing to watch this woman and man. \"Wow, next time make sure to get something for me. I mean if the cops don't catch you.\" The man smirked although seemed serious. Sarah sighed as she hung her head, nodding. \"Yeah, I think that car I took finally alerted them of me. I think I am just going to stick with normal babysitting for a while until things cool down.\" The woman sighed and the man didn't argue with her as they both turned down a corner. At that time Dracula stopped following the couple and turned to his bride. \"Tammy, that woman will be my second bride. Although that man will serve no use to us; do to him what you wish.\" Dracula said, his silky voice laced with evil. A vile smile spread us on the one human woman's lips, a giggle escaping her throat. \"If that is what you so wish me to do, Master, I will play with my new pet.\" Tammy giggled some more before using her new inhuman speed to disappear from Dracula's sight. It made the vampire smile proudly; his bride was learning quickly and he hoped the other two learned just as fast as her. Within seconds Dracula was in front of the couple, already noticing that Tammy was sitting on the man's chest, pinning him to the ground. The woman, Sarah, was watching in horror as Tammy was playfully cutting the man's cheek, giggling each time blood was spilled. \"Get off of him you skank!\" Sarah screamed as she went to tackle Tammy off the man but Dracula caught her eyes. \"Don't just stand there! Please help me!\" Sarah said in a panic. Dracula only folded his hand together in front of him as he looked over to Tammy. \"Tammy, don't you think that is just a too little cruel?\" he asked with a sadistic smile forming on his lips. The bride looked up from the confused, terrified man with a matching grin while Sarah was shaking in fear. \"You told me to do whatever I wished to do, Master. I want to have fun before I din.\" The vampire woman giggled while Sarah was taking slow steps back, planing her escape. Although Dracula quickly caught onto this and appeared an inch away from her body, gripping her chin. \"Ah. There is nothing to fear but fear itself, my dear.\" Dracula said in a soft, though evil, toned voice. Sarah shivered but her eyes were soon locked with his and she could not look away. \"Sarah what are you doing? Let her go you bastard! OW! Get off me you crazy bitch!\" The man that was pinned by Tammy shouted, having thought the woman was a wore and that the man only wanted to rape Sarah. Tammy's sadistic grin turned into a snarl as she suddenly bared her fangs. \"Be careful who you talk to, little man. That woman belongs to the Master now and you belong to me. Pity I don't plan on keeping you very long.\" Tammy gave a short giggle before extending her fangs and stabbing them in his neck. The man screamed but it was cut off with a gurgle as blood filled his throat. Well the human man was slowly dying of blood lost Dracula was already feeding on the second woman he chose as a bride. To his delight she had become calm and obedient like Tammy had so Dracula had no problems in changing her. \"Master, someone is coming.\" Tammy hissed in an angry tone. Dracula tore his blood stained face away from Sarah's throat to look in the direction he sensed on coming people. A growl came shortly after as Dracula started to summon his mist. He knew exactly who was coming their way he it mad his blood run cold. Van Helsing wasn't the only vampire hunter out there as one was heading their way now. Dracula knew this by the scent of dead vampires that covered this oncoming hunter. (2) \"Tammy, we're going to teleport. Come here; leave the body.\" Dracula ordered, holding Sarah over his shoulder. Tammy obeyed quickly, rushing to Dracula as he drape an arm over Tammy so all three of them would be transported back to the house they were living in. \"Was that what I thought it was, Master? Was that a human pest that kills out kind?\" Tammy asked with another hiss. Dracula didn't even look at her as his eyes shone with slight amusement, despite a hunter now knowing there were vampires in London. At least it wasn't Mary or Simon. Dracula was amused because his bride was already talking as if she had been a vampire for years instead of just one week. He supposed it had to do with his control over her but nothing stopped them from remembering their human life. His control just made them more evil then they would have been. It was more like they didn't care about their human life anymore which he wasn't bothered by. Dracula might miss walking in sunlight but he didn't miss his human life. \"Yes, never go up against one alone. I can't afford to lose a bride at this time.\" Dracula ordered while he took Sarah to a room much like Tammy's. The only difference of it was the colors were in reverse. \"I understand, Master. I will not go against your wishes. When will my new sister wake?\" Tammy asked eagerly, excited to have a new friend to play with and simply talk to when things got boring. (3) Placing the sheets over Sarah's body, Dracula stood up and looked at the first bride. \"The transformation will be complete by tomorrow morning. Go get some rest, Tammy. The sun will be up soon. Tomorrow we will teach Sarah to feed and then we'll go look for my last bride together.\" Dracula commanded which Tammy easily followed. Separating their own ways, Dracula and Tammy went to their rooms to await for night to come once again. ~The third Bride~ A young, eighteen year old, girl by name of Ashlen Cook (4) held the hand of a smiling six year old boy as they walked down the street together. It starting to get late, as the sun was almost set; only leaving a streak of orange in the sky. The boy was giggling childishly as he started to quicken his pace, pulling on Ashlen's arm. \"Come on, Ashlen, hurry up. I'm going to miss Pinky and the Brain. Then I'll have to go to bed.\" The little boy whined with a yank on the teenager's hand. Ashlen only laughed. \"Calm down, Hunter. It's only nine fifteen. We still have fifteen more minutes to get you home. Look, there's your house right now.\" Ashlen pointed to a two story white house that came into view half a block away. The little boy known as Hunter gave a happy shout as he released the older girl's hand to run the rest of the way home. \"Hunter, watch what you're doing!\" Ashlen shouted the boy just missed a speeding car when crossing the street. \"Keep off the road you crazy kid!\" The man in the car stopped to shout rudely at Hunter, who was now standing in the front yard of his home. Feeling slightly angered for the way Hunter was treated Ashlen walked over to the man. \"By law it is you who should have watched where you were going. You were over the speed limit and my cousin had the right away, sir. I ask you not to be so rude to a six year old.\" Ashlen said politely enough but anyone could still hear the snarl in her voice. The man only turned to Ashlen with a sneer. \"Bitch.\" He mumbled before speeding away once again. Ashlen only sighed as she finished her work to her aunt's house, who happened to be waiting for her on the lawn. \"People now a days have no maters. They don't seem to care about if they break the law. Although, seeing as the cops are occupied with the murders going around, I can see why people think like this.\" Ashlen's aunt sighed as she playfully patted her son on the head. \"Yeah, mom and dad told me a bit about that. They said they were actually the ones to find a male's dead body only a week a ago. Have you also heard about all the people that seem to go missing?\" Ashlen asked while Hunter was gestured inside the house, who was too young to hear about this. He seemed to occupied with his oncoming show to care anyways. \"Yes I have. Eight people in total have gone missing and only one body was found so far. It was found floating in the Canada Water pond (5) and looked to only be a few days old.\" Ashlen's aunt sighed disapproval which Ashlen could understand. She, too, was disappointed in how little his case had gotten so far. Until other bodies were found people feared the killer, or maybe killers, wouldn't be discovered. People were becoming scared to leave their homes at night, as they is when the attacks had happened. People even became uneasy when travailing in a group when the police discovered that a woman was also attacked that night when female blood was found on the ground. \"You know the weirdest thing about both the found bodies was that reports say both had their blood removed by medical supplies and the killer made it look like a vampire attack. It kind of feels like a Criminal minds episode if you ask me.\" Ashlen sighed, crossing her arms with a shiver going down her back. Vampires had always put a fear in the teenager. She once had an interest in them, when they were harmless cartoons and animes but now Ashlen would simply feel dizzy at just the thought of one of the bloodsuckers. She figured it was the fact that they looked human that scared her the most; that is if they didn't appear as some mutant bat or zombie as they did in some movies that she had watched. \"Huh, interesting. I guess I could see this as a Criminal Mind's episode. Well anyways, would you like to stay the night, dear?\" The aunt asked her niece with a kind smile. Ashlen just shook her head, smiling back. \"No, I'll be OK to walk home. I only live a few blocks away. You don't have to worry about me, Aunt Meagan. Not many people are too brave to mess with the daughter of cops.\" Ashlen said while waving her hand, turning around to leave. Meagan, although, was frowning in concern seeing as it was already dark but, seeing as the niece was the stubborn type, she knew she couldn't convince the girl to stay overnight. \"May god be with you and allow you a safe way home, Ashlen.\" Meagan waved a she backed towards the house. Ashlen turned around, grinning as she gave another wave while chuckling. \"You as well, Aunt Meagan, have a pleasant night.\" Ashlen called back before turning her attention away to begin her walk home. Unknown to both woman, a man accompanied by two woman were watching them from the beginning. \"That little boy looked absolutely delicious.\" One of the women whispered, licking her red lips slowly as a sadistic smile followed. The man sharply turned his head to the woman and gave her a red eyed glare. \"I will not have children that young dying by our hands, Sarah. The last time I allowed it to happen it turned out badly. If I ever find out you're feeding from children you'll no longer be of use to me.\" The man threatened in a dangerous hissed whisper. Sarah frowned in slight disappointment while the other one giggled, as she seemed to enjoy when the other was in trouble. \"Master, will she become our last sister? Is that why you made us spy on her?\" The other woman, Tammy, asked as she spotted the young girl leaving. Dracula turned back his head to watch the teenager get farther away, a small evil smile spreading on his lips as he ignored his first bride. Underneath Ashlen's tender skin Dracula could smell a hidden secret that even she wasn't aware off. It was unfortunate in her case; if her parents had let her in on the secret sooner, he'd be off looking for a different bride. Now he decided to kill two birds with one stone. \"Sarah, Tammy, go find two new donors . The last two died of blood lose sickness last night. Make sure no one sees you and hurry right home once you found who you want.\" Dracula ordered as he jumped from the house he crouched on, soundlessly landing on his feet. The two brides follows suit, giggling like school girls; evil school girls. Ashlen felt an odd uneasiness go through her and she was starting to regret her aunt's offer to stay the night. The teenager reached for the silver chain that rested around her on her neck, whatever on it hidden under her shirt collar. Lifting the chain, Ashlen reviled a small, wooden cross, which she held to her lips and silently asking for a safe way home. Ashlen's whole family had been brought up as Christians. They went to church every Sunday and, seeing as her parents were close friends to the priest, went to brunch right after. They were the kind to pray before every meal and for protection before bed. Although, like most Christians, and other religious people, she would sin. Ashlen wasn't the most honest in her family, as she would lie about finished homework or chores. She was kind and generous but also had those hate issues for some people with reasons even she didn't know about. (6) Ashlen had a temper which would end in her swearing if she got angry enough. Ashlen would always feel guilty in the end pray for forgiveness but, as a teenager in her mists of becoming a woman, she still had a lot to learn; no one could blame her if she sinned once in a while. \"Cold night, isn't it?\" A man's voice startled Ashlen as she spun to look behind her, dropping hold of the cross. There stood a man all in black, dark curly hair, green eyes and his hands folded in front of him. \"Um, I don't find it cold, sir.\" Ashlen said uneasily, getting an uneasy feeling from the man in front of her. The man gave a slight amused smile as a small chuckle escaped his lips. \"I guess some people are more costumed to the temperature than others.\" He said and took a few steps foreword. Ashlen replied by taking a few steps backwards, holding back a nervous gulp. \"Excuse me but my parents are expecting me home around now.\" Ashlen excused herself and turned to leave. Yet a startled scream left her throat as the man seemed to appear in front of her within seconds once again. Dracula was smirking in amusement, admittedly having found torturing this girl. By now she should have been under his influence but, because of her special blood, she still had her free will. Dracula actually preferred it that way; it had been a long time since a woman had been able to rejected his charm and it always turned out interesting. \"Ah yes, you're parents. They almost caused trouble for me a week ago. Tell me, have they told you the family secret yet?\" Dracula asked as he reached out a hand to stroke her neck. Although he jerked his hand back when his fingers brushed the silver chain and he finally noticed the wooden cross. Ashlen was once again stepping backwards, not noticing the building she was backing into until her back hit it. Her eyes then got confused when she saw the man's hand jerk away from her and she followed his eyes to see it on her chain necklace. She began to shake in fear when she noticed that the man's green eyes were turning an angry red. Dracula hadn't realized that the necklace that the girl was wearing was real silver; until it burnt his finger. What was worse was their was a cross attached. It was going to be a little tricky getting around the necklace. There was the possibility of biting her somewhere else, though the neck has always been his number one choice. Another choice he had was risking the silver burning him as he yanked off the necklace. \"M-m-my par-parents?\" Ashlen squeaked out as her body shook in fear. Dracula smirked as he took one step closer, making it impossible for the girl to make a run for it. \"I'll take that as a no. Tell me, do you believe in vampires?\" Dracula asked mockingly as his hand reached for the back of her neck. Ashlen whimpered but, seeing as her back was pinned against a building, she was powerless as the man quickly ripped her necklace off, a small hiss of pain escaping his lips as he tossed the silver to the ground. \"Oh dear god help me.\" Ashlen could only reply as her inter body shook uncontrollably. She knew was calling herself all kind of insults for not taking her aunt's offer as the man put a finger to her lips. \"He doesn't care. If he did he would have never created me.\" Dracula whispered, eying her neck with a hunger look. He ignored the girl's whimpers as he felt his fangs lengthen before he reached out a hand and stroked from her cheek down, gently. \"Resisting will only make it hurt even more. You belong to me now.\" Dracula whispered as he brought his face to her ear. Ashlen could only close her eyes tightly and pry with all her might that this was just a horrible nightmare; which went unanswered as she felt the vampire's teeth enter her skin and his lips attack to her neck as he started to suck. Dracula could tell that the girl wanted to scream, he could taste it in her blood and by the way her body tensed up. Yet it seemed as though he finally had his control over her as she only stood there, only her fingers twitching. Dracula only smirked satisfying as he continued to drink from the girl's throat while evil thoughts went through his mind. 'Ah, now lets see what your move will be.' Dracula thought to himself, thinking of an unknown person. As soon as Ashlen slumped against him, he pulled his face away from her neck. \"It's all a mater of time now.\" He whispered while his mist began to surround him. Within moments he was off the streets and back home. (1) That is river by Big Ben (2) Yes it was a random hunter. I don't know if I will bring him into the story or not and if I do he'll be killed (3) By play with yes I do mean sexual things. They are called brides and I think they aren't only Dracula's servant's but I think he uses them to satisfy his sexual needs. Here's why I really think he has three brides; he gets three woman and tries to see which out of the three of them would be a good mate. If he doesn't think they are mate worthy he just uses them until he finds a mate. P.S: I suck at explaining things :( (4) Yes I am putting my character in the story. I have an idea for it and it doesn't mean I am going to pair myself with Dracula. I just have an idea for it, alright? Please don't complain. This will still be about Lisa and Dracula though they might not end up together (5) Look at it on a map. Follow the Westminster Pier until you get to a Surrey Water. Follow the river and you'll get to Canada Water where the trail ends which makes me think it is a river. If anyone knows the true name of the \"pond\" please let me know (6) Has anyone felt that way? You look at a person and you feel like you hate them without a reason? I felt that way with a boy that would just whistle all the time Sorry I ended it like that. I was getting bored with it and I want to get back to Lisa. Also there is a reason Ashlen wasn't controlled by him BUT she does not have Dracula's blood[Chapter 5] I am SOOOOOO sorry for the late reply. I have started Harry Potter stuff, Fenrir Greyback (werewolf if you don't know) stuff. Well here is my update I was going to start with a five year update but then I found this in my files so you might get two chapters in one day. This is like a recap of what happened and talks more about the brides ~Two Years Later~ Dracula spied the Carfax Antique shop from a distance with three young beautiful woman know as his new brides at his side. With his advanced vampire eye sight, the vampire king could see perfectly into the young preteen's bedroom. The window to the girl's window was open, which allowed the vampire to see the girl that shared his blood, laying in her bed and using a lap light to read. Draco was smirking as his greenish blue eyes had a softness that not many people got to witnessed. It had been two years since Dracula had last seen Mary's young daughter. Even though it killed his already dead heart the vampire knew he had to break contact with the child. That meant he didn't even so much as enter one of her dreams and he would continue to do so. The reason behind this had to do with Mary and Simon. He had to make sure that they didn't tell their daughter about him and to make sure he they did not, he kept out of Lisa's dreams to avoid her telling her parents about them. Luckily, Dracula had things that kept his mind occupied so time was going faster than he had hoped. In the first month after his escape, Dracula had found a three story house big enough for himself, his brides, some human servants that he had hypnotized, Lisa when he would bring her to live with him and so much more room. The house was so big and had so much room to spare that the vampire king had turned the house basement into dungeon rooms. That is where he would keep his enemies and the humans that his brides wished to keep as pets until it was time to eat. After a week of moving in and getting what he needed, Dracula had started the hunt for his brides. He didn't want to pick the first women he saw like he did with Solina and Victoria. No, he wanted to make sure they would last longer in battle and wouldn't be overly jealous of his chose for Lisa over them. Solina, Victoria and even Lucy, who was supposed to be Mary's best friend, seemed jealous when Dracula wanted her over them. They had taunted Mary out of jealously and probably made her fear worse. Dracula didn't want Lisa to fear him at all so he had to find brides that wouldn't dare do a thing to hurt or scare his beloved. The oldest of the brides was a twenty five year old woman named Tammy Westerman, no relation to Lucy Westerman. She had long blond hair which grew wavy once bitten. Her eyes had been a light brown but now were a rich vampire, blood red. While human she had been a animal lover and a vegetarian, disliking to eat even tuna. At times Tammy would would go as far as start an angry rant about not eating meat when she saw other people eating beef. She was also a kind, friendly woman and, unless she started a rant about not eating meat, it was easy for her to make friends. Now that Tammy was a vampire she was mean, cruel and sly. She would trick men into a back ally to make sure no one would see her feed off them. The only thing that seemed to stay the same about Tammy was her hatred for me and to feed from meat eaters; she had always explained it made the blood taste bad. So Tammy only drank from vegetarians like how she had once been one. Dracula had spotted Tammy in the park one night while he was searching for something to eat. The woman had been sitting on a bench, throwing out berries and nuts for the owls that came to hunt in that area in hopes it'd save the life of some mice. Thinking that the woman was kind enough to do such a thing, he picked her as his first bride. The second bride was a twenty two year old woman name Sarah Little. The woman had short curly red hair which had turned a orange-gold once bitten. Her eyes had been a green gray but, like Tammy, they mostly appeared vampire blood red. Also, although being younger than Tammy, Sarah happened to be the same height as the older woman. While Sarah had been human she had seemed child friendly, as she babysat since she was thirteen years old. Yet, around that same age, Sarah had become a thief and a pretty good one at that. She had started out with taking small change when she was younger but would move on to bigger things like jewelry and even a mini van as she got older. Her stealing had gotten so bad that the police had gotten involved. Even now that Sarah was a vampire she would steal things off the dead bodies of her victims. Also. like Tammy, Sarah was no longer as friendly as she once was; she might have even been a lot more evil than the older bride. Now, as a vampire, Sarah would crave the blood of young children from time to time but. Although, because of what happened over one hundred years ago, Dracula forbidden his brides from feeding off anyone younger than fifteen. Dracula had met Sarah when he took Tammy out hunting. He and his bride had hid in a tree as they watched Sarah and a human male walk down the street. The vampire king had heard how Sarah was a babysitter loved by children and that instantly told him she would probably be good with Lisa. He also heard that Sarah was a popular thief but that didn't concern the vampire. As Dracula claimed Sarah as his second bride, he allowed Tammy to kill the male human that was with her. The youngest of his brides was an eighteen year old girl named Ashlen Cook. She had long brown hair that seemed curly by nature. It didn't change too much once she had been bitten; at most it got more shinny. Ashlen had light blue eyes that had stayed that color even after she had been turned into a vampire; her eyes only turning blood red when getting blood thirsty. While Ashlen had still been human, she was kind, friendly, loved to joke around, had a childish side and was a Christian. Ashlen came from a big family, which lead her to her love of children. She had three brothers, two younger, one older, and a handful of cousins. She loved her family to death and would even go against bikers to protect the people she loved. She was the bride that impressed Dracula the most. When Dracula had found Ashlen, she had been walking her six year old cousin home. Thanks to his vampire sense of smell, Dracula easily figured out that, even though the boy may have been her cousin, the boy and the girl had no blood relation. Yet, because she shared a blood scent to her aunt, the vampire knew they were family (1) . The vampire king was impressed how the girl defended the young child from the man in the car. He knew he had to have her as his third bride. There was also something special about the girl, something in her blood that he could smell. It was something that Dracula never would have expected but something that made the vampire very happy. He knew by taking this girl as a bride he wasn't just gaining something also getting revenge in that the same time. When the girl had been walking home, Dracula had told his brides to go hunting and made his move. He had thought that Ashlen would be a easy target seeing as most teenaged girls were looking for boyfriends. In his short time in the modern world, the vampire came to learn that girls today were a lot more sluttish than they were back in the eighteen hundreds. Using himself twelve years ago as an example, no mater where he went, there were woman that would stare at him. Though he was used to the staring, he could have gone without some of the perverted looks most had given him. Now a days girls he saw were out partying, doing drugs or having sex with random men. Although, to his great surprise, Ashlen did not react like he had first thought she wound. Instead the teenager showed nervousness and fear when Dracula showed himself to her. She kept trying to get away from him until Dracula made it impossible by making her back up into a building wall. The vampire king was actually very impressed as it had been a very long time since a girl had been able to fight against him. Still, after burning his hand from yanking off a silver necklace, Dracula marked her as his third bride. The vampire had thought that Ashlen would be a easy girl to make a bride. Through his short time in the modern world he had learned that most teenaged girls were looking for boyfriends. They ether wanted to go to parties, have sex and some teenagers as old as fourteen were having babies. Yet there was another reason Dracula had targeted the teenager. There was something in her blood that he never would have expected to but did not regret. Although, when Dracula approached Ashlen, he didn't expect the reaction that he had gotten out of her. Now that Ashlen was a vampire she became a lot more quite, depressed and had a very bad temper. Her temper could be so bad at times that she would completely black out and wake up to dead bodies around her. Ashlen also rarely spoke to anyone unless someone was saying something interesting or she liked that person. Whenever she could, Ashlen would avoid her sisters and take to glaring at them. Although, compared to the other two brides, Ashlen wasn't thought of as evil and she still thought of herself as a Christian. Although, because her body demanded it and she would die without it, Ashlen still had to drank human blood. Although the only people Ashlen drank from were the people she thought deserved to die; murders, robbers, rapist and more. Another thing that impressed Dracula about Ashlen was how much free will she still had. Unlike the other two brides, the teenaged vampire refused to wear a skimpy dress and continued to wear anything she wished. Sarah and Tammy weren't too happy about it but Dracula didn't care; the brides had always choose to wear dress, he never made them. The young vampire didn't seem to take any notice in the two other brides. Dracula was impressed but not that surprised about her free will. After all he knew her little family secret and it made him glad to have her with him; even if she had not forgiven him for attacking her. Continuing to stare up at Lisa's window, the vampire sighed in contentment. He could see how beautiful the young girl was becoming and she would only get more radiant as the years go by. It was getting harder for Dracula to stand in the dark and wait. The darker part of him would keep telling him to take her now but the more logic side of him reminded him he needed to wait. If he broke off contact for another three years, Mary and Simon would believe he had lost interest; hopefully. Tammy and Sarah stood next to Dracula, their skimpy, sleeveless dresses blowing in the wind as Ashlen leaned back against a tree, wearing a hooded cloak and jeans. The two older of the vampire women were looking up at the same window as their master but with jealous eyes as Ashlen kept an eye out for human and possible hunters. All three of the brides knew that Dracula planed to make the young Sheepered girl his mate. While Ashlen cared more about the girl's safety, the other two female vampires had shown signs of jealousy. It was a common side effect that appeared in most women that Dracula would bite. They had a physical, obsessive attraction to the male vampire, most of which Dracula didn't mind. It was because of this behavior that the vampire king was able to do as he wished with the women. He usually just kept the woman as right hand men, but he would often use the woman to satisfy his own needs, which gave them the title Bride (2) . There were some cases that Dracula would even become protective of his brides, as he was with Solina when he found her in that precinct, concerned when the female vampire was being starved. Ashlen was unlike the two older brides. Thanks to her free will she could remember perfectly well how the vampire had attacked her. She would have said that she hated him, but then she'd be lying to herself. There was a small part of her that actually felt sorry for the vampire. He had lived for so long with no one to love him back. Also, even if he found someone that shared his love, she wouldn't be immortal like he was. Although, even if Ashlen didn't completely hate him and felt sorry for him, she would never forgive him for taking away her human life. \"It wont be long now, my sweet.\" Dracula said in a soft whisper. Unnoticed to him, the eyes of Tammy and Sarah flashed darker red as Ashlen only glared at her sisters before she turned her head to the left. \"Someone's coming.\" Ashlen alerted the others. All three other vampires instantly turned their heads away from the Carfax Antique to see there was a hooded man walking in their direction. \"What a tasty little man.\" Tammy hissed with a lick of her lips. Sarah giggled and stood next to her sister. \"Very tasty.\" The younger woman agreed, licking her ruby red lips. Ashlen, her face hidden by the hood, glared at the others in disgust as Dracula held out his arm to keep the two brides back. \"Do not misjudge what you can not see. We are leaving.\" Dracula ordered as he spun around. The two brides looked upset but followed their master without a fight. Ashlen stayed back a few seconds as she looked at the human that was obviously male. She frowned and her eyes softened in sadness. Tugging her hood so her head would sink deeper inside, Ashlen turned her back on her brother and followed the other vampires, silently thankful that Dracula spared his life. (1) Actually in real life we are half cousins; my mother and sister have different fathers (2) That is just something I thought of, I don't know if that is true of not Please don't call Ashlen a Mary-Sue, everything will be explained. If you can not wait, ask in a review and I will explain everything to you ","Summary":" Yeah it's a new story but I am making it until I figure how to continue the other. Also, for Akatsu"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Un Halloween rosa","Author":"Ambar V","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7514375","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hola a tods como están espero que muy bien y los q tengan puente por el día de muertos se la estén pasando increíblemente huevoneando jiji, regreso nuevamente con una historia por los días de Halloween y esta no es mía la escribió mi novia para mí y me encanto por eso quise publicarla y espero les guste tanto como a mí. Un Halloween rosa Típicas fechas en las que la mayoría de tempo nos dedicamos a pensar en que nos convertiremos tal noche que para la mayoría puede ser una noche inolvidable pero para otros una noche más en la que ves a las \"mas buenas\" ir con pequeños disfraces y enormes escotes solo para ir a provocar a tipejos que se fijaran en ellas por el cuerpo que tienen o el tiempo en que se tarden en embriagarlas y bueno… yo asqueada de esos tipos de fiestas decidí no ir a la de todos los años en las típicas casas de los más populares pero para mí fortuna \"mi conciencia\" o así llamaba a mi mejor amiga me obligo a ir por más que desistí no pude ponía ojos de borrego a medio morir y no pude evitarlo. -¡Anda Valen apúrate o ya no encontraremos nada para esta noche! –Pia me vas a arrancar el brazo me esperas por favor Típico de ella siempre eran todos los años lo mismo me pone ojos de borrego y yo accedo ya hasta pareciera que me tiene medida pff como odio eso en ella pero más odiaba mi diminuta resistencia hacia ella. -y bien… ¿Qué te pondrás este año? O déjame adivinar una colita y orejas de gato o espera ya sé que de diablita -Que aguafiestas eres ven vamos a buscar algo para ti y este año me disfrazare de novia muerta o algo así, lo vi en un programa y me agrado mucho la idea así que apúrate porque no quiero llegar tarde. –oye y que hago yo aquí desperdiciando mi tiempo cuando podría estar en mi casa viendo la tv o jugando videojuegos sabes que odio ir a estas fiestas y lo sabes muy muy bien Kaely, y una cosa más por qué no vino tu novia contigo para eso tienes novia no? - am am ok pero no tienes que ser tan cruel conmigo lo sabías? No sé porque eres mi mejor amiga si a veces te pasas conmigo y no te preocupes yo puedo ir a buscar lo que necesito sola gracias No habrá ocasión en que no la cagara con ella, y más sabiendo cómo era tan tierna y tan sensible solo que a veces me sentía mal estando con ella la acompañándola a todos lados siempre ya que ese papel no me correspondía a mi si no a la que se decía llamar su novia y esta misma se desaparecía por mucho tiempo y la mayoría del tiempo que debería compartir con Pia se la pasaba con sus amigos cosa que no entendía por qué mi mejor amiga la seguía amando pero bueno cada quien tenía su forma de amar y ser amado. -nena, nena lo siento de verdad no quería hacerte sentir mal pero me emputa que… - que te molesta? Dime que es lo que te molesta que te obligue a salir conmigo y que no te deje en tu burbujita eso pasa? Cuando se enojaba era lo peor que podía ver en ella tan confuso y contrario me dolía verla así con las lagrimas de fuera y sacando todo el dolor que en mi opinión era causado por la otra y yo era la que terminaba pagando los platos rotos. –nena tranquilízate y quieres saber lo que me molesta, que Cristal se la pase con sus amigos y tu estés siempre conmigo adoro tu compañía digo soy tu mejor amiga pero nena te esmeras tanto con ella y a veces te olvidas de ti lo sabías? – si, a veces pienso eso pero sabes que no quiero perderla o al menos no podría estar sin ella No maaa que necia era pero bueno que podría hacer más que apoyarla podría llenar un libro entero contando las veces en las que le he dicho lo bonita que es y las millones de personas que podrían babear por ella pero era tiempo y palabras perdidas en el aire. -anda seca esas lagrimas o a Cristal no le va a gustar verte así verdad? vamos a buscar ese vestido que tanto querías se hará mas tarde y llegaremos a la mitad de la fiesta y tu odias eso -si anda vamos y por hacerme llorar me debes un helado si? – pues ya que mas me queda -sabes que eres muy mala conmigo pero mira ese vestido esta hermoso no lo crees, crees que le guste a Cristal? -no se nena pero pruébatelo no pierdes nada me pides consejos a mí a la diseñadora de Paris (sarcasmo) jajaja -cierto no tardo no te vayas a ir a ver videojuegos me esperas -si no te preocupes yo aquí me muero un rato No pasó mucho tiempo a decir verdad a que saliera a idiotizarme con aquel vestido pero no había ocasión en la que siempre le ponía un pero a las cosas – bien y esta vez cual es el pero? – ya sabes lo que voy a decir verdad? – mmm digamos que si no por nada te conozco de años Pia y bien que no te gusta del vestido se te ve muy padre nena y no tenemos mucho tiempo así que decide rápido – no me apresures por favor lo que pasa es que yo no lleno el vestido de enfrente y si te lo pruebas tu? Anda di que si – nena sabes que no me gustan los vestido ni siquiera quiero ir vestida de algo iré con mis típicos trapos que llevo a la uni - pruébatelo no pierdes nada si? – está bien ya voy ya voy solo para que digas que te trato mal y bla bla bla Me apresure a ponerme aquel vestido rojo que a decir verdad no me quedaba tan mal digo me veía como muerta ya que la tez me ayudaba a verme mas muerta de lo normal – listo complacida? – no manches te queda espectacular por qué no lo luces esta noche y yo te ayudo a maquillarte y explotar mas ese vestido te parece? – Pia…por favor no! Sabes que no me gusta nada de esto no manches la que venía a buscar su disfraz eras tú yo solo soy la acompañante recuerdas? – mmm lo sé pero ese vestido te queda espectacular anda vamos solo por esta vez y no te vuelvo a molestar anda anda anda – aunque pongas esos ojos no accederé – mala mala – está bien solo por esta vez sí? Vamos a buscar ahora algo para ti faltan pocas horas y mas las que te tardas arreglándote iremos a la fiesta a recoger la basura jaja – ok vamos corre corre y por ahí pasamos por el helado te parece? – convenenciera ok vamos Buscamos por tres mil tiendas hasta que encontró un vestido negro precioso a decir verdad pasamos por su helado de chocolate y termino llendo de bruja sexy y una bruja muy sexy era muy padres los momentos que compartía con ella la única piedra en mi zapato en esos momentos era que no paraba de llamar a su noviecita o mandarle mensajes hervía por dentro cada vez que pasaba eso pero que podía hacer? Solo mantenerme a su lado dándole mi apoyo incondicional. Llegamos a su casa y no tardo mucho en sacar un maletín lleno de instrumentos de tortura al menos para mí que era su estuchera de maquillaje, los boto todos sobre la cama y me apresuro a ponerme aquel vestido que según a ella me quedaba espectacular yo babee por un par de momentos en los que ella se cambiaba enfrente de mí lo único que podía pensar era es ajena a mí y todo lo que viste lo lucirá para su estúpida novia pero bueno se apresuro a maquillarse lo más rápido que pudo ya que la fiesta comenzaría en menos de un par de horas la observe por una hora alaciarse el cabello maquillarse y demás cosas que yo desconocía, termino increíble como siempre trataba de no arrancarme los ojos cada vez que la veía. –que crees? – qué? – que ha llegado tu turno – nooooooo jajaja – ja ja que divertida resultaste eh Valen – lo siento pero odio el maquillaje – ven empezaremos por el cabello te lo voy a rizar te parece – mmm como quieras yo veré tv en lo que me usas de barbie a mi tamaño – ok entonces si te quemo el cabello no te importara? – oye nunca dije desgráciame el cabello – no te preocupes nena no te hare nada malo – apoco se puede más? Digo ya después de que me hiciste ponerme un vestido y ni siquiera se dé que me disfrazaras? Ahhh ya se dé que me vas a disfrazar de Pia no ma si que asustare jajaja – mensa (jalándome el cabello) – auch eso duele lo sabías? – ese era el punto mensa – está bien no ya hablando enserio de que me disfrazaras? – am ahorita lo veras calla y déjate – de que hablamos? – mensa, tonta eres una sucia cochina puerca (golpeándola) – tranquila tranquila ya no me mates No paso mucho a decir verdad me peino y me lleno de polvo tras otro polvo la única parte en la que casi colapso fue en el momento en el que tomo mi barbilla para pintarme los labios según ella era el único detalle que faltaba. – porque te mueves tanto?, ya solo te falta la boca y no me dejas – no eh buedo cotetar – ese idioma aun no lo aprendo lo sabías ya falta poco espera – mensa, Kaely llevamos más de media hora tratando de que me disque arregles y aun no terminas – oye trato de hacer un milagrototote está bien que me vestí de bruja no de maga jaja – ja ja muero de risa no manches – pues ya déjate ya solo te pongo sangre en los labios y listoooo! – me disfrazaste de vampira?, no puede ser sabes cuantas vampiras va a haber en tu dichoso halloween? – miles quizá, pero ninguna tan guapa como tú. Tal comentario me dejo con la boca abierta y toda sonrojada pero me mordía los labios con tal de no decir alguna estupidez. – y bien qué esperas? Apresúrate vamos vamos que quiero ver que dice Cristal de cómo voy apúrate – soy vampira no zombie para que me arranques el brazo. Llegamos y a la primera que busco como loca fue a la torpe de su noviecita y para mi gran suerte no tardo mucho en encontrarla. -mi amor! – ya viste de que bien vine arreglada? Obvio solo para ti mi amor. – am hola nena am si si vienes muy guapa pero… quien es ella ehh? Wow quien es? Hola amiga porque me ves con ojos de asesina eh? – amor amor es Valentina – ahí no manches júralo! No ma nena pues que le hiciste o le diste alguna de tus pocimas jajajaja – Hola Cristal y si me dio pócimas llamadas maquillaje – si se nota que no conocías el maquillaje – nada mas no te digo lo que mereces porque esta Pia si no… - si no que eh? – amor que te parece si vamos por un trago te parece? baby – si nena vamos dejemos a la vampirita sexy tranquila no vaya a ser que me muerda y me desangre aunque… no suena mal la idea (susurrando). A veces me preguntaba quién de las 3 era la más idiota, si Cristal, Pia o yo… creo que era yo por no confesar a la pelinegra lo que sentía, pero estaba idiotizada con la otra idiota y bien la noche fue muy diferente a las demás ya que esta vez iba maquillada y sexy según medio mundo que se acercaba a mí a ofrecerme un trago no quería estar más que luciéndome con \"mi Pia\" no con cualquier tipo o tipa que me insinuaba alguna tontería pase un par de horas sentada tomando whiskys a decir verdad ya me quería ir sorbo tras sorbo me tragaba con la mirada a la noviecita perfecta, minutos más tarde llego la salvación a mí. -Valentina sal a bailar has pasado toda la noche sentada aquí y ya son varios los que me piden que les haga paro contigo porque no accedes a bailar con nadie? Anda ven vamos a bailar te parece deja de estar de amarguis amiga – no nena así estoy bien de verdad no te preocupes vete a divertir con tu sanguijuela perdón con tu novia – sabes me gustaría que se llevaran mejor – si lo sé nena pero no pongas cara triste solo no nos tragamos no toda la gente puede ser tan dulce como tú lo sabías? – si lo sé nena pero bailamos si te parece? – ok nena solo porque lo pides tu – algún día espero que me digas que no a lo que te diga lo sabías? – no tengo la menor idea de lo que me estás hablando – no te hagas la mensa pero está bien vamos a bailar Lo mejor de esa noche fue el estar tan cerca de ella y pasarla tan bien todo era perfecto y había valido la pena esperar y rechazar a medio mundo con tal de pasar esos placenteros momentos a su lado pero llego mi tormento a arruinarme la noche tomo a la pelinegra y la beso presumiéndome lo que ella si podía hacer con mi amiga haciéndome a mí una vez más a un lado de Pia al terminar su largo beso se lamio los labios y me guiño el ojo la maldita. -nena a caso no ves lo que hizo Cristal? – que hizo nena? – se ha pasado la noche entera coqueteándome hace rato fui por una bebida y me dio una nalgada nena te lo juro – no es cierto me estás diciendo todo esto por coraje – nena es verdad – no ella fue por un trago para mí ya estas borracha será mejor que te marches a tu casa – bien dice que los niños y los borrachos siempre decimos la verdad pero en este caso no es un niño ni un borracho quien te está hablando si no tu mejor amiga lo sabías? – claro que no mi mejor amiga no estaría inventando eso – eres una estúpida! Me largo fue la peor idea y sabes que una vez mas y quizá será la última acceda a algo que tú me dices me largo de aquí!, se te hizo de ahora en adelante te diré que no a lo que me digas. – vete y no quiero volverte a ver te odio! – si si lo que digas aja quédate con la perfección a tu lado –que paso amor donde está Valentina? (asombrada) solo fui por un trago y pff desapareció hasta que pusiste en práctica tus poderes nena? – si amor creo que desaparecí a mi mejor amiga – no nena no digas eso para eso estoy yo mi vida ven tomate esto te quitara más rápido el coraje – no gracias no apetezco mas alcohol – como quieras tu amiga te pega lo aburrida – ya calla por favor – que? Solo por que digo la verdad? – está bien dame el vaso y veras que no soy aburrida – ves nena solo te haces del rogar sigamos bailando te parece y olvídate de ella por un momento siempre pelean por tonterías – si esta vez sí peleamos por una tontera, te tomare la palabra sigamos bailando Salí lo más rápido posible de aquel lugar moría de rabia y dolor por dentro ante su terca ceguera trate de cuidarla como mi propia vida pero fue imposible no puede ver que yo la cuidaría y trataría como se merece protegerla como ella lo necesita la rabia invadió mi ser y minutos después mi mano estaba cubierta de sangre culpa del vidrio de el auto de la noviecita, tome un pedazo del vestido subí a mi auto y maneje hasta mi casa siendo cegada por las lagrimas que nublaban mi vista. Al llegar a mi casa llene la bañera de agua caliente eso nunca fallaba para calmarme me cure las heridas y me sumergí un buen rato en la bañera, termine el baño y no me agite en buscar que ponerme para dormir había sido una noche terrible y lo único que quería era dormir, como última acción prepare un café era un fiasco hasta un mugre café me recordaba a Pia preparaba unos café deliciosos que en lo personal amaba, mientras me dedicaba a jugar con el café sonó el timbre cosa extraña ya que era tarde para visitas me ate bien la bata y me asombre al mirar por la ventana era ella… -nena que haces tan tarde aquí y a estas horas? – me prestas para pagar el taxi por favor? Salí corriendo de la fiesta – se nota estas empapada yo iré a pagar el taxi metete a la ducha Al esperar a que terminara de ducharse me preguntaba que la habría o cual habría sido el motivo para que llegara empapada y llena de lagrimas con todo el rímel corriendo por su rostro la curiosidad me invadía pero no podía más que esperar a que bajara y se calmara estaba tan rara, diferente era la palabra correcta. – necesitaba el baño lo sabías? – si se notaba nena toma, te prepare un café no como los que tu preparas pero algo es algo – gracias nena am que te paso en la mano? – Salí corriendo y tropecé no es nada grave – la ventana del auto de… estaba rota fuiste tú verdad? – no nena… ok si fui yo, am olvidemos eso am am que paso nena – me puedes abrazar y te cuento todo? – claro amiga como negarte eso a ti – después de cómo te trate aun me dices amiga? – si nena porque no es tu culpa estar cegada por el amor – amor ja! Eso no existe lo sabias – claro que si nena es lo que sientes por Cristal nena es muy notorio – al terminar estas palabras un mar se soltó en su rostro – que dije nena? – todo lo que me decías era razón era una estúpida que solo me manejaba a su modo tenias toda la razón nena como pude ser tan tonta nena – que paso dime – cuando te fuiste tome demasiado y me deje llevar por Cristal am luego me senté un rato ya me sentía demasiado mal y perdí de vista a Cristal por un buen rato ya me quería ir así que decidí ir al baño a lavarme la cara y… fue horrible una Pia que ni yo conocía salió tan salvaje no lo sé fue horrible y el motivo fue (suspiro) encontré a Cristal besándose-e-e con Anabel – . En esos momentos me partía verla destrozada temblando de dolor tan mal resumidamente . – arriba el ánimo nena si? Esa desgraciada jamás te mereció nena tranquila sé que es la millonésima vez que te lo repito pero am cuanta gente esta atrás de ti y no lo ves – claro que no nena – pero que ciega estas y quién soy yo? crees que no muero por ti todos estos años sufriendo y atando a mi corazón a mi pecho cada vez que sale de mi tratando de acurrucarse entre tus brazos, matándome por dentro para que no notaras nada ensayando mil veces la palabra amiga para que no saliera un mi niña o un mi amor nena vengo sufriendo por años pero no podía perderte no a ti – es cierto todo lo que me dices o solo lo dices para consolarme? – es tan real como el viento que toca tu cara jamás lo podrás ver pero sabes que existe y lo puedes sentir – me besas? – bromeas? – no no bromeo. Los suaves besos terminaron con caricias no sabía si era buena idea continuar con cada fase de este encuentro solo sé que fue irresistible terminar con poca ropa entre las sabanas de mi cama… seria el principio de un amor? Espero les gustara leerla y por favor dejen un comentario para demostrarle a mi pequeña q no escribe mal ya que le hice 1 pequeña apuesta de q si para el fin de semana tenía un comentario solo 1 se quedaba publicada, ayúdenme a que no la tenga q borrar. ","Summary":" Hola a tods como están espero que muy bien y los q tengan puente por el día de muertos se la estén "},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Un dia cualquiera","Author":"Ambar V","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7837894","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hola como están tods yo espero que bien y que este 14 se la hallan pasado genial, bueno aquí les traigo una historia mas y pues quería agradecerle a mi novia porque este ahora si que me sirvió de musa muy bien para esta historia y ya que la idea también salió de escribirle una cartita a la 1 am para su pequeño regalo. Un día cualquiera Era una tarde diferente a las demás, llovía volviendo el paisaje triste, que desentonaba con la festividad que se celebraba aquel día en comparación con los adornos, globos y flores que se veían por doquier. Porque simplemente no podía desaparecer este día del calendario, no se celebraba el amor ni la amistad todo solo era producto de la mercadotecnia no valía la pena gastar el dinero en tonterías que seguramente terminarían en la basura y pareciera que el tiempo estuviera de acuerdo con sus pensamientos porque en todo lo que llevaban del día no había parado de llover, motivo que muchos ocuparon para estar mas cerca de sus parejas compartiendo refugio del agua. Sin embargo había una pelirroja que desentonaba con todos los demás, no tenia razón para festejar y mucho menos para compartir un solo paraguas con una persona especial y no es que no tuviera a alguien si no que tenían poco de que habían pelado y llevaban días sin hablarse, a estas alturas ya había olvidado porque empezó aquella discusión porque se marcho y se alejó de su lado hasta donde sabia pasaba las noches en casa de una de sus amigas. No estaba dispuesta a ir y pedir perdón por algo que no fue su culpa, tenia que disculparse ella por ser tan insegura por reclamarle cosas que jamás seria capaz de hacerle a su novia sin embargo eso no podía decírselo porque solo generaría una nueva pelea y solo lograría separarla aun mas… y como extrañaba ese tibio y pequeño cuerpo a su lado. A estas alturas no le importaba mojarse así podrían perderse sus lagrimas con el agua podría enfermarse y no se preocuparía necesitaba caminar y pensar con claridad lo que estaba pasando si todo ese dolor que puede causar el amor valía la pena sufrirlo por una persona... -Ella es tan única-susurra a la nada, recordarla siempre hacia que una pequeña sonrisa se asomara por su rostro, podrían odiarse hasta la muerte pero eso no significaría que dejaría de amarla podrían pasar los años y que el mundo cambiara por completo pero eso que siente por ella no lo haría nunca. Camina unos minutos mas sin un rumbo en específico solo desea seguir avanzando para no llorar aun más con el cielo, ¿Cuánto tiempo más podría soportar sin su rayo de luz? -Gracias por estos 50 años-voltea sorprendida a ver de donde viene esa voz y esas palabras- han sido los mejores de mi vida y espero aun pasar mucho mas a tu lado. No podía quitar la vista de esa dirección era una señora ya mayor las canas se asomaban en su cabeza asombrada por ver el amor que le profesa al receptor de esas palabras. -Yo también mi viejita-le dicen como respuesta tomando su mano-espero seguir a tu lado todo el tiempo que me preste la vida y mucho mas allá de la vida, y no tengo la forma de agradecerte lo feliz que me has hecho no existiría regalo que pudiera darte a cambio de todo lo que me as dado-se levanta de la silla en la que se encontraba para darle un tierno beso. Era la escena mas espontanea y hermosa que podría haber presenciado, sabia que eso era lo que quería para ella que en un futuro existiera una persona tan enamorada de ella después de tanto tiempo que fuera capaz de demostrárselo con una solo mirada que las palabras fueran un estorbo, esto le había demostrado que el verdadero amor existe. -¿Yo sabré cual es mi verdadero amor?-siguió con su camino concentrada en sus pensamientos, viendo pasar uno y otro local adornado con corazones, ya cansada de seguir caminando y con frio se detuvo unos minutos y decidió regresar el camino andado pasando por un local que en un principio no había visto o no había prestado atención a él. Su vista se perdió un momento con el lugar decidiendo que hacer. No había tardado ni dos segundos en retornar a su casa, todo debido a un pequeño mensaje en la pantalla de su celular, el nombre era el que tanto deseaba ver desde hace días, eran apenas un par de palabras pero para Valentina tan importantes y esperadas que no dudo en poner en marcha su camino, le regresaban de alguna manera las ganas de seguir, su cuerpo recuperaba cierto calor que perdió por la intensa lluvia del día. Estando en la puerta del edificio en el que ahora vivía su corazón se aceleró haciendo que abriera la puerta a tropezones una vez puesto un pie en el lugar una fuerza desconocida para ella que tal vez podría ser la del amor que aun le tenia a pesar de todo lo que pudieran decirse y lastimarse. Las escaleras las subió de 2 en 2, algunas si pudo hasta de 3 antes de casi caerse, no podía esperar un minuto mas la urgencia por verla era ya tan grande que empezaba a dolerle. Llego al sexto piso tercer puerta y ahí estaba parada tratando de calmarse de verse serena que no se notara que lloro por un momento, con tranquilidad metió la llave a la cerradura y la giro a la derecha como hacia cada noche al regresar a casa después del trabajo, era una rutina que tenia después de ya un par de años de vivir en el mismo lugar, le gustaba sorprenderla con un beso en la mejilla o si podía robarle un beso de saludo. ¿Hoy podría hacerlo? -Hola Valen- la saluda su pelinegra sentada en el sofá esperándola-estas empapada espera te doy una toalla. -No-casi le grita cuando hace ademan de levantarse, pero Pia no le hace caso y sigue con su tarea, sin embargo es sostenida por su muñeca impidiéndole seguir con su camino-no es necesario de verdad, gracias. -Pero te vas a enfermar, estas escurriendo-la señala de pies a cabeza-y yo no voy a trapear. Dicho comentario las hace reír con ganas, una risa sincera no como la que ambas escucharon esa tarde tan difícil socarrona y burlona. -Yo tampoco trapeare, eso puede esperar-dice con una sonrisa atrayendo a si a la pelinegra, buscaba ese calor que solo ella podía regalarle no le importaba si la separaba y le daba una cachetada lo iba a volver a hacer hasta que lo aceptara. -Déjame-empieza a gritar Pia molesta por el acto, tratando de zafarse del agarre lo cual es inútil-necesitamos hablar-dice resignada abrazando a la pelirroja. -Tienes razón por favor siéntate-contesta soltándola. Ambas se dirigen al sofá pero solo una de ellas se sienta la otra permanece de pie observándola detenidamente, aquella mirada podía atravesarla, ver lo mas oscuro de su ser y de su alma, haciéndola pensar que esa mirada era nueva que algo significaba pero por primera vez desde que se conocieron no supo identificar, así que espero que hablara. -Hoy me di cuenta de muchas cosa-dice con pausas-de como quiero que sea mi vida de aquí en adelante, que quiero un poco mas de lo que tengo que esto ya no es suficiente para mi-sus palabras suenan seguras haciendo que la que se encontraba sentada agachara la mirada escondiendo unos ojos cristalinos-y que no necesito un día tan tonto como hoy para dar ese amor. -Puede ser cualquier día del año. -A eso me refiero que no es indispensable un día en el calendario marcado para que sea el mas romántico en mi vida y ya no quiero que vuelva a ser así. -Si-dice con tristeza y unas lágrimas empiezan a recorrer su rostro, podían pelear un millón de veces pero lo que sentía por esa pelirroja necia y atrabancada no desaparecería y ahora la estaba perdiendo. -Por eso hoy quiero darte algo que posiblemente cambie nuestras vidas-se acerca a Pia depositándole una caricia desde las mejillas hasta bajar a su mentón, tomándolo con delicadeza para levantar su rostro y pudiera verlo, verla a los ojos y poder decirle lo que desde hace tiempo deseaba pero que no encontraba la manera de expresarle, estaba harta de su vida de como vivían las dos era justo que esto sucediera por el bien de ambas-no valgo si quiera una de tus lagrimas. -Yo… -¡ Shh !-la calla poniendo uno de sus dedos sobre sus labios, se inca para quedar a su altura, sonriendo un poco sacando una pequeña caja morada de su chamarra de piel-creo que tarde mucho tiempo en tomar esta decisión, vale de todas maneras tarde pero te aseguro que no me arrepentiré de ello. Podría parecer que es solo una pequeña caja sin importancia, pese a lo que todos digan hoy no es necesario un gran regalo, un ososte o un globote para demostrar el amor que uno siente por esa persona especial, el tamaño de las cosas no determinan el amor que puede sentir una persona y esta pequeña caja será la mas importante en nuestras vidas estoy segura de que sabrás apreciar lo que yo aquí te regalo, sabes que mi corazón ya es tuyo pero no quiero que eso se te olvide por eso yo aquí te lo entrego se q no es lo mas grande ni lo q tu mereces pero es algo con lo que te puedo demostrar cuanto me importas sin importar lo que todo el mundo diga de nosotras-abre la caja y un pequeño destello dorado sale de el-y espero aceptes a esta pobre loca de amor en tu vida, no solo hoy si no por el resto de nuestra existencia y mas allá de ella-saca un pequeño anillo delgado de color dorado y una muy fina piedra incrustada en el centro-por eso hoy 14 de febrero quiero preguntarte si te gustaría ser mi esposa, no prometo que las cosas serán fáciles ni sencillas o sin peleas pero si puedo prometerte que cada día que transcurra será nuestro día del amor, ya que yo Valentina cada segundo que paso a tu lado me enamoro mas de ti y sin ti estoy perdida-sin recibir respuesta le puso el anillo y aguardo por su reacción. Guardaron silencio por lo que pareció una eternidad la pelirroja se encontraba asustada y expectante por lo que podría pasar y Pia solo podía ver el anillo puesto en esa pequeña y delgada mano, no sabia que decir se encontraba completamente sorprendida ella no esperaba eso no después de la gran discusión que tuvieron hace unos pocos días. -¡ACEPTO!-grita con animo echándosele encima a la pelirroja la cual termino en el piso, su pequeña estaba llorando. -Pia no tienes porque llorar-dice preocupada. -Lloro de la felicidad que me das Valen y si acepto ser tu esposa, no desearía estar con nadie mas que contigo eres la única en mi vida y deseo que siga siendo así. Dicho esto ninguna de las dos hizo ademan de querer moverse y permanecieron así un tiempo abrazadas y besándose sin importarles nada mas, a pesar de lo que Valentina pudiera pensar este 14 de Febrero había sido especial de una forma en que jamás podrían olvidar. FIN Espero les haya gustado FELIZ DIA DEL AMOR Y LA AMISTAD un poquito tarde pero pues lo logre y muchas gracias por leer mis historias chafas, espero comentarios ya saben son bienvenidos buenos o malos a mi me ayudan y me gustaría saber su opinión para que mejore como escritora mi pequeña pasión secreta n.n espero la próxima semana subir otro historia y en esta la continuación de mi fic U n demonio llamado amor ","Summary":" Hola como están tods yo espero que bien y que este 14 se la hallan pasado genial, bueno aquí les tr"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Dilema","Author":"StephG3107","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6640371","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Valentina's POV Ya muchas veces le he dado vueltas al asunto y aún me es difícil el entender con certeza mi propia situación. He llegado al punto en que le dije a Axl que saliéramos para poder encontrar una respuesta ya que desde que Pía me besó estoy más confundida que nunca, mi mente está hecha un sudoku. No siento nada por él, es más, me resulta intenso y hasta prefiero mantener cierta distancia para que no trate de besarme. Le conté a Pía sobre ello y ella se molestó bastante, es más, me dijo algo como \"No tenías que hacerlo solo por eso\" yo le negué el hecho de que en realidad sí lo hice para… No sé, para no pensar en que sí podría tener otras tendencias? Luego le hice algo muy malo a Pía, revelé su secreto a la Agrieta, no pude caer más bajo solo porque no quería que me llamará lesbiana, que yo no tenía nada con Pía. La mosca muerta esa llamó a Pía zorra delante de todas y dijo que fui yo quien le contó todo y Pía salió corriendo, yo la seguí para pedirle perdón, para que supiera porque lo hice. Cuando la alcancé le comente el por qué lo hice y ella se sintió más ofendida, creo que le pareció una excusa sin fundamento. Entonces me dijo algo como \"no puedo creer que le hayas dicho a Greta sólo para que no te dijeran lesbiana\" y salió del cuarto. Al día siguiente Teo nos comenta durante el desayuno que Adela se había escapado, lo cual era realmente malo ya que Maca nos dijo que hoy venían unos supervisores a evaluarnos o entrevistarnos… como sea… para darle solución a ese asunto sugerí a Maca que llamara a Piti, Fatu y Axl para que la buscaran. Entonces los llamé y me contesto Piti le conté toda la situación y al poco tiempo llegaron a la casa. Empezaron como hacer deducciones que la verdad no tenían sentido dado que decía que posiblemente Adela habría sido secuestrada por Edward… tuve que intervenir para aclarar que eso no tenía sentido y bueno luego pidieron entrar al cuarto de Adela y empezaron a registrar sus cosas y en un momento dado Fatu recibió un mensaje de Ignacio que decía la ubicación de Adela. Esa noticia me pareció la excusa perfecta para hablar con Pía. Ella estaba en la biblioteca. - Ya sabemos donde esta Adela - Mmm, bien – dijo ella sin mucho interés - Es un pretexto, pues porque la verdad no me importa dónde fue Adela…y mucho menos a ti, pero es que, Pía no me gusta estar así contigo, no aguanto que estés molesta conmigo… - Molesta es poco, Valentina—habló Pía con cara de enojo reprimido. - Pero quiero pensar que se puede arreglar Pía. Me equivoqué, fui lo peor… pero tenía miedo Pía finalmente levanta le mirada hacia mí. - ¿Miedo de que? - Con Ana fue lo mismo, la gente empieza a hablar y empiezan a decir cosas – suspiro – y ahora pasa contigo… pues estoy como empezando a pensar que… que lo que decía la gente es verdad, que soy astronauta. Pía ríe y yo también. - Astronauta? – y vuelve a reír. Entonces yo le dije que ella también lo es y le sonrio. Acto seguido Pía se levanta de su asiento y se acerca a mí y dice - Bueno y... y que si es verdad- me mira fijamente y me acaricia la cara – qué problema tiene, ah?... astronauta Yo también la miro y siento una especie de alivio al ver que ya me ha perdonado, me siento realmente feliz y tranquila. Ella me toma la cara con ambas manos, estamos realmente cerca y nos quedamos en silencio, mirándonos mutuamente, sobran las palabras, finalmente estamos reconciliadas. ","Summary":" Valentina's POV Ya muchas veces le he dado vueltas al asunto y aún me es difícil el entender con ce"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"amame","Author":"elismax18a","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9325388","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tus besos me provocan Adela parpadeo un par de veces acurrucada sobre un largo sofá de cuero en forma de L, un bostezo se colgó de sus labios y al estirarse la luz de la mesilla de la esquinera realzo su reflejo. ''deberías estar en la cama Adela '' el reproche muy familiar pero dulce que tanto deseaba escuchar se había manifestado. ''ya sabes que no hago caso'' replico ella levantándose del asiento para mirar un sonriente y siempre cálido Ignacio de brazos cruzados en el pecho, ella se movió hacia él y este la rodeo con sus brazos pegándola a su cuerpo. ''yo también te eché de menos'' dijo el con ironía, el conocía bien a Adela y sabia que reconocer sus sentimientos no era su fuerte, ella lo miro con una sonrisa traviesa y lo beso rápidamente en los labios para luego hacer un puchero mientras él, la mecía entre sus brazos. '' ¿hablaste con el senador?'' Ignacio resoplo ante su pregunta y ella se separo del '' ¿qué pasa? nachito..'' él le tomo el rostro entre las manos con ternura. Se besaron despacio, saboreándose el uno al otro sabiendo que tenían tiempo, mucho tiempo. El mundo se había desvanecido a su alrededor. Sus labios se movían unos contra otros, abriéndose, cerrándose, sus lenguas buscándose, gustándose. Pronto se fue elevando el tono de los besos, de sus caricias. El contacto de sus cuerpos era eléctrico. Adela aferro sus manos en la cabellera su nachito intensificando el beso, sus besos eran el mejor majar que existía y era solo para ella, se separaron cada uno con una sonrisa en sus labios respirando entrecortados. ''eso es jugar sucio'' dijo ella golpeándolo en el hombro para salir corriendo consiente que él iba tras ella ","Summary":" Tus besos me provocan Adela parpadeo un par de veces acurrucada sobre un largo sofá de cuero en for"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Far Away","Author":"GinebraRemyHadley","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6802488","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hola, antes que nada quiero agradecerles mucho a todas las personas que leyeron mi one-shot \"Más que a mi vida\" en verdad me alegra mucho que les haya gustado. Tambien me quiero disculpar por no haber publicado nada más de Pia y Valentina desde entonces pero no había tenido oportunidad, espero que en estas semanas tenga más tiempo para seguir escribiendo pues tengo en mente algunos otros one-shot, y les pido que no se impacienten a las personas que me han pedido el fic largo pues espero poder publicarlo pronto. La canción que utilicé para este one-shot es Far Away de Monica Alban, que estoy segura recordarán por haber salido en la novela y en algunos momentos muy lindos de las chicas, cuando escuché la canción completa me pareció que la letra quedaba muy bien con la historia de las chicas. En fin espero que disfruten de este songfic y les pido una pequeña disculpa si la tonada de la canción no queda muy bien con la historia pues está un poquito rápida pero hice lo mejor que pude jeje. No puedo creer que por fin salí de Casa Maca, llevaba meses esperando este momento, pero ahora cuando finalmente lo he logrado, cuando puedo caminar libremente por las calles y hacer lo que quiera, siento que algo no esta bien, siento que algo me hace falta. Los días pasan y el hueco que siento dentro de mí cada vez se hace más grande, trato de convencerme de que solamente extraño mi vida en Casa Maca, y que los problemas y discusiones, cada vez más fuertes y más frecuentes, que tengo con mi familia no me ayudan en nada. Trato de convencerme de que solamente extraño a las chicas, a Maca y a Teo, que extraño la rutina a la que me acostumbré durante el tiempo que viví en la casa, y aunque en gran parte todo eso es cierto no puedo seguir negándome que más que nada te extraño a ti. Extraño tu compañía, extraño tus miradas y tus sonrisas, tus caricias y tus abrazos, extraño todas las bromas y las pláticas, las peleas y las cosquillas, extraño el que seas la primera persona que veo por las mañanas y la última que veo antes de dormir, simplemente extraño sentirte cerca…necesito sentirte cerca. Pero por más que trato de distraerme y pensar en otras cosas, conforme los días pasan cada vez me arrepiento más de todo lo que te he hecho, de la forma en la que te he tratado, pero lo peor de todo es que con cada día que pasa me convenzo más de que cometí un grave error al decirte que solo te quería como una amiga. Aún recuerdo el dolor y la desilusión en tu rostro, la tristeza que vi en tu mirada. Cuando te miré a los ojos me sentí la persona más ruin del mundo por haberte lastimado así, por haber lastimado a la persona más importante de mi vida. Con los días, el sentimiento de culpa y de frustración crece cada vez más, sonrío tristemente mientras recuerdo la forma en que me abrazaste después de que hablamos, después de que te deje en claro que solamente podríamos ser amigas, se que te hice miserable y tu estarías en todo tu derecho de odiarme pero incluso después de todo el daño que te causaron mis palabras tu seguiste siendo la misma de siempre, te seguiste preocupando por mí y seguiste demostrándome tu cariño, e hiciste algo que me hizo quererte y valorarte más que nunca, me ofreciste tu amistad. Me prometiste que siempre seríamos amigas, sin importar los sacrificios que tuvieras que hacer para verme como tal. Esta acción no solo me hizo adorarte más, si no que también me hizo dudar, me hizo dudar de haber hecho lo correcto, me hizo dudar de mis sentimientos, me hizo dudar de mi misma. No hay día que no piense en ti, no hay día que no recuerde todos los bellos momentos que pasamos juntas, no hay una sola noche en que no sueñe contigo. Pasan las semanas y lo único que puedo hacer es imaginarme todos los posibles escenarios en los que tu y yo podríamos encontrarnos nuevamente, pero ninguno de ellos ocurre, se que en parte es mi culpa pues no he hecho nada por volver a verte y ni siquiera salgo de casa, pero la única razón por la que no te he buscado es porque no quiero lastimarte aún más, no quiero encontrarme contigo hasta que no aclare al 100% mis sentimientos por ti, hasta que no este dispuesta a enfrentarte y a enfrentarme a mi misma. -¡Valentina!- escucho a mi hermana llamándome desde fuera de mi cuarto-Mamá y yo vamos a salir de compras. -Está bien- respondo sin ni siquiera voltear a ver a mi hermana que abrió la puerta. -Estoy segura que no quieres acompañarnos ¿verdad?- sin esperar respuesta continuó- Bueno, no te preocupes te compraremos algo lindo, pero sigo pensando que deberías salir de aquí, tomar algo de aire fresco, porque no vas al parque es un buen lugar para encontrar muchachos. Sin ocultar mi enfado resoplo mientras mi hermana simplemente se da la vuelta y se va, es sorprendente como puede decir tantas tonterías en tan solo segundos, no entiendo como podemos compartir el mismo ADN, aunque quizás, después de todo tiene razón y un poco de aire fresco me hará bien. Por la ventana veo como mi madre y mi hermana salen de la casa, así que tomo mi ipod y salgo yo también. Comienzo a caminar sin rumbo alguno con mi ipod a todo volumen, el día está gris y nublado, y hace un frío que cala los huesos pero aún así no tengo ganas de volver a mi casa por una chaqueta. Sigo caminando y no me doy cuenta de hacia donde me dirijo hasta que me detengo fuera de Casa Maca, justo frente al portón de la entrada, en el lugar en que nos habíamos despedido con un abrazo, una sonrisa y la promesa de vernos nuevamente. Con tristeza observo la ventana del que fue nuestro cuarto y sonrió ligeramente al descubrir a Greta saludándome desde ella, siento como las lágrimas comienzan a formarse en mis ojos mientras le devuelvo el saludo. Una de las lágrimas escapa rodando por mi mejilla cuando en mi ipod comienza a reproducirse una canción que refleja a la perfección mi situación y mi estado de ánimo. I can't believe that this is me I keep on wondering what I missed Pain keeps growing under me and I'm so lonely Agacho la mirada, no se bien porque pero me siento avergonzada y es que me siento exactamente como dice la canción, me siento incompleta, me siento lastimada, herida y más que nada me siento sola. I can't believe that there is nothing left of me I had to lie to find a smile... Levanto mi vista una vez más hacia la ventana desde la que Greta me observa ahora preocupada, trato de sonreír un poco más pero al parecer mi gesto no es nada convincente pues puedo ver como se aleja del cristal y se dirige de prisa hacia la puerta. 'Cause I've tried it all But I can change myself no more I had it all But now I'm on my own No puedo aguantar más, y una por una las lágrimas que había estado reteniendo comienzan a rodar libremente por mis mejillas, siento que todo comienza a girar y estoy muy desorientada. A lo lejos escucho la voz de Greta que me pregunta si estoy bien, escucho sus pasos acercarse hacia mí, pero sin darle ninguna respuesta simplemente me doy la vuelta y me voy. I'm far away From everything I used to be I'm far away From everything I know But I'll find my way Away from this deceiving place Just need to stop the bleeding of my soul And find myself... Corro lo más rápido que puedo, ni siquiera se hacia donde voy lo único que sé es que estoy siguiendo tus pasos, que estoy corriendo en la misma dirección por la que te vi alejarte aquel día. Y la verdad es que por cada paso que doy, en ves de sentirte cerca te siento cada vez más lejos, y la impotencia comienza a crecer en mi interior, no puedo dejar de pensar en lo que habría pasado si hubiera corrido de esta forma aquel día, si te hubiera seguido y no te hubiera dejado ir, si te hubiera retenido en mis brazos. I can't believe this thing I see There is a monster inside me I'm in the darkest place I know With no one near to hold Las lágrimas no me permiten ver hacia donde me dirijo y siento como se me dificulta la respiración, me detengo durante algunos segundos y después comienzo a correr nuevamente, como si corriendo pudiera escapar de este sentimiento de vacío, de soledad. And now I feel my past just keeps on judging me and there's no place where I can go Atravieso un pequeño parque y aumento la velocidad, todo a mí alrededor se ve borroso, difícilmente distingo algunos rostros que me observan extrañados y sin saber porque me recuerdan a mi familia, recuerdo la forma en que me miran como si fuera un bicho raro, como si estuviera loca o enferma, recuerdo la forma en que trataban a Ana, la forma en que te trataban a ti, y la rabia que siento dentro de mi comienza a crecer. 'Cause I've tried it all But I can change myself no more I had it all But now I'm on my own Todos los músculos de mi cuerpo comienzan a dolerme pero de alguna manera siento que me lo merezco. Siempre he tratado de complacer a las demás personas, y por hacer eso perdí todo lo que tenía, te perdí a ti y me perdí a mi misma. I'm far away From everything I used to be I'm far away From everything I know But I'll find my way Away from this deceiving place Just need to stop the bleeding of my soul And find myself... Una fuerte lluvia comienza a caer del cielo y no pasan más de dos segundos antes de que mi ropa esté empapada, siento como el frío penetra en mi interior y se aloja ahí sin ninguna intención de marcharse, pero en ves de sentirme débil todo eso me da más fuerza para seguir corriendo, para seguir alejándome de mi realidad. 'Cause I lost myself I lost myself and now I'm far away I'm far away I'm far away from all I am Entre mi llanto y las gotas de lluvia comienzo a reír, me parece absurdo la forma en que esta canción parece haber sido escrita para mí. Una vez más me detengo pero no porque me falte el aire si no porque llegué a mi destino. Dejo de reír al ver a donde me trajeron mis pasos. Con la yema de mis dedos toco la puerta que se encuentra frente a mí. And I couldn't see I needed space away from me But no, not from you I've only got myself to blame Los recuerdos comienzan a inundarme y me siento culpable por haberte alejado de mi, siento que mi corazón va a salirse de mi pecho, respiro profundo tratando de calmarme, junto todo mi valor y golpeo la puerta, con la esperanza de que al abrirse tú me mires sorprendida y te lances a mis brazos como la última vez que vine a visitarte porque me dieron la noche libre en Casa Maca. And I couldn't see that I was sick and tired of me but no, not of you I'm becoming someone else Escucho algunos pasos acercarse a la puerta y siento como todo mi cuerpo comienza a temblar, estoy más nerviosa de lo que he estado en toda mi vida. Observo como la puerta se abre pero al levantar mi vista no me encuentro con tus ojos negros ni con tu hermosa sonrisa, si no que me encuentro con una anciana que me pregunta que quiero, con mucho trabajo logro articular tu nombre. I'm far away From everything I used to be I'm far away From everything I know But I'll find my way Away from this deceiving place Just need to stop the bleeding of my soul And find myself... Escucho como la anciana comienza a explicarme que ya hace tiempo que te marchaste, pero después de escuchar eso no oigo nada más, siento que todo a mí alrededor se desvanece y que todas mis fuerzas se me van. Sin poder creerle entro a la casa esperando encontrarte sentada en el sillón abrazando a tu peluche favorito pero no es así, todo está completamente distinto. Sin decir palabra salgo de la casa dejando a la anciana atrás. I'm far away From everything I used to be I'm far away From everything I know But I'll find my way Away from this deceiving place Just need to stop the bleeding of my soul And find myself... Siento un fuerte dolor expandirse por todo mi cuerpo y sin poder evitarlo caigo de rodillas sobre el pavimento, la música me comienza a provocar dolor de cabeza pero no la apago pues después de todo esa canción finalmente me está haciendo comprender todos mis errores, me está haciendo comprender y por fin estar segura de lo que siento por ti, me está haciendo ver que es lo que tengo que hacer para poder estar contigo. Se que no será fácil, pero ahora que estoy segura de que yo también te amo no me voy a dar por vencida, voy a hacer todo lo posible por encontrarte y demostrarte lo mucho que te quiero, sonrío con tristeza, ahora puedo buscarte sin miedo a hacerte daño pues lo único que tenía que hacer era encontrarme a mí misma... y ahora ya lo he hecho. Just need to find myself again Espero que este pequeño one-shot les haya gustado y que me den su opinión mediante un review. Les agradesco de antemano que lo hayan leído y nos vemos en el próximo fic :) ","Summary":" Hola, antes que nada quiero agradecerles mucho a todas las personas que leyeron mi one-shot \"Más q"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"¿Casualidad o destino?","Author":"Ambar V","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6841034","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Holas a todos aquí, les traigo nuevamente una historia que esta vez no es mia, la verdad es de mi novia? Rayos aun no se que es ella para mii pero si se que es muy especial para espero que les guste tanto como a mi al leerla. ¿Casualidad o destino? Era una noche fría, decidi salir del estado por una par de días o meses aun no lo sabia, últimamente me había sentido sola y quien no en un apartamento sola, atareada de trabajo y saliendo en muy pocas ocasiones, quien no se sentiría asi, y decidi que era una noche perfecta para viajar, era una noche diferente y algo me impulso a salir este dia, tome la maleta que guardaba en el closet meti algo de ropa, tome las llaves del auto y sali de inmediato sin pensar en el por que huia o mas bien de quien huia, me subi al auto y arranque ansiosa por salir de ahí. En el camino mientas mi mente se perdía, unas gotas chocaron contra el parabrisas era señal de que comenzaría a llover i efectivamente a los pocos minutos una tormenta se desato, continúe e ignore la lluvia. Mientras manejaba pensaba hacia a donde iba a ir, solo sabía que no quería regresar pero el problema fue que no planee el destino de mi viaje, solo conducía por inercia sin saber a dónde ir, en eso paso algo inesperado, la llanta del auto se poncho, para, mi fortuna…. ya que no sabía nada de autos. -rayos y ahora?, o me salgo y me empapo o me quedo a la deriva de la carretera?, pues ya ni modo me mojare pero no pienso quedarme sola a media carretera- Salí y no podía cambiar la llanta, intente un par de veces asi que me di por vencida, esperanzada bajo la lluvia esperaba que un auto pasara y así poder pedir ayuda pasaron 15 minutos hasta que una luz ilumino la carretera, era un auto! Gracias a Dios!, hice unas cuantas señales y este paro empapada corrí hacia la ventana del auto, el misterio era quien era ya que la lluvia impedía ver quien lo conducía, pero…no se bajo la ventana si no que la puerta se abrió y del auto bajo una mujer, al verla quede impactada por la belleza que radiaba en ella, tenía unos ojos negros profundos como la noche, una piel blanca como la nieve, un cabello negro hermoso i sedoso, unos labios que provocaban besarlos y un cuerpo divino, al verme callada y empapada sonrió. -necesitas ayuda por lo que veo- No podía hablar no sé si el frio había entumido mis labios o el impacto que causo en mi, a los pocos segundos reaccione. -am este…si un poco je je je, llevo rato aquí parada y tengo un problema con la llanta del auto, soy un fiasco con estas cosas (apenada)- -si ya veo, el problema es que estoy igual que tu la verdad no se como cambiar la llanta, pero lo que podemos hacer es llamar una grua y que te lleve a ti y al auto a tu casa, si no te cubres pronto pescaras un resfriado- -lo se…pero no quiero regresar a mi casa- -esta bien, no hay problema, oh disculpa llevamos tiempo platicando y ni siquiera te he dicho mi nombre, soy Pia y tu?- -Valentina, gusto en conocerte Pia- -el gusto es mio Val (sonriendo), entonces que haras? Ya se mira llamamos a la grua y que lleve tu auto a mi casa, en lo que te cambias y tomas una ducha para no resfriarte te aprece?- Obviamente le dije que si sentía en mi interior como el corazón se salía al escucharla, trate de disimular mi emoción. -este…claro me parece la idea pero am no será mucha molestia digo aun no me conoces y ya me estas tomando confianza, y no quiero causarte tantas molestias- -que asbsurdo, claro que no sube y enseguida le llamo a la grua- En el momento que llamaba a la grua y daba la dirección de su casa solo pensaba en porque había sido tan amable, me daba gusto, me sentía bien por su amabilidad, pero al mismo tiempo causaba muchas preguntas. -listo, en un momento la grua lleva tu auto, sube Val que mas empapada no puedes estar- -gracias solo tomo la maleta de mi auto- Nos subimos al auto y empezó a conducir. -tienes frio verdad Val? (en el momento se quitaba el abrigo)- -este…no gracias tu también te empapaste, también has de tener frio- -si pero ya estoy acostumbrada al frio, en cambio tu veo como estas temblando de frio, asi que póntelo por favor- No sabia si estaba temblando por el frio o eran los escalofríos que me causaba su presecia. -por fin llegamos, deja estaciono el auto y te abro- -muchas gracias en verdad, eres muy amable- -no tienes por que agradecer, normalmente no soy asi con la gente pero tu eres diferente no se por que Val- Sus palabras dejaron helado mi corazón, bajo del auto y se apresuro a abrir. Al entrar mis ojos se enfocaron en cada detalle de su hogar. -vaya! Enserio vives aquí?- -asi es Val pasa por favor, toma asiento en lo que que preparo el baño para que te duches, asi te podras calentar un poco- -que pena la verdad pero gracias- Me quede sola en la sala observando, escuchando como corria el agua de la regadera, y pensaba esto no es normal, no puedo quedarme en casa de alguien que apenas conoci, tomare la ducha y continuare mi viaje, aja y con que auto? rayos…. tendre que esperar a que traigan mi auto y lo arreglen. -listo Val, tomate tu tiempo y no se si quieras tomar algo, un café, una copa, un chocolate no lo se gustas algo?- -no gracias, con la ducha es mas que suficiente- -esta bien pero te perderas de el rico café que preparo, ya que solo eso se preparar jajajaja (apenada)- -no gracias- Me meti al baño y tome una ducha no mayor de 5 minutos cuando sali, había dos tazas en la mesa de la sala. -abrigate bien Val si no de nada sirvió la ducha, prepare un te asi que por favor tomatelo, o me vas a negar una simple tasa de te?- -ok, lo tomare ya que insistes, gracias de nuevo am…Pia has sido muy atenta conmigo pero no puedo seguir abusando de tu hospitalidad asi que en el momento que llegue mi auto continuare con mi viaje, no es que no quiera estar aquí es solo que no se- -um no entiendo Val? Pero esta bien mira tomate el te que te prepare, esta bien? perdón por ser imprudente pero veo en ti tristeza, algo te ha pasado? O alguien te hizo daño, se que es muy descortes de mi parte preguntártelo, ya que no me conoces, o será que no me puedes tener confianza? Se que es raro, que cuanto nos conocemos 1 hora qiza? Pero desde que entraste no he podido sacarte una sola sonrisa, por conclusión algo te pasa, perdón pero no lo se- -no es tristeza Pia, es mas bien soledad, sali de mi casa por que ya no soportaba el estar sola, llevo mucho tiempo sola y solo quería huir de ahí, por eso decidi viajar hacia donde el destino me llevara, y el destino me llevo a estar aqui no se porque pero aquí me tienes, me gusto tanto tu hospitalidad, asi que me sentí abusando de ella, por eso decidi agradecerte y continuar el viaje- -mira ya es noche tu auto, ya llego a la hora en la que estabas tomando la ducha y le pedi al señor de la grua que cambiara la llanta, mira te propongo lo siguiente, ya es tarde para que sigas manejando y sigue lloviendo a cantaros, quedate esta noche la piensas y mañana temprano te vas si quieres te parece?- Su manera de pedirme las cosas impidieron que me fuera esa noche, su belleza y su voz me ataban a ella como si la conociera de toda la vida, necesitaba compañía y que mejor compañía que ella. -esta bien me quedare esta noche, muchas gracias, y dime por que estas sola? Digo estas muy bonita y eres una persona muy amable con un carácter muy padre, entonces la pregunta sigue siendo esa por que estas sola?- -ya te lo había mencionado, normalmente no soy atenta con la gente, pero tu eres diferente lo puedo sentir, supongo y es por eso que ando sola como dices y puedo entender lo que sientes. Hace poco fracase en una relación y decidi alejarme de aquel sentimiendo tan burdo que en ocasiones te hace feliz pero en otras te deja heridas irreparables, creo que eso fue todo….. Pero ahora mi pregunta es la misma que la tuya, porque dices que estas sola? Digo tu al igual estas muy bonita como para estar sola, y salir de esa manera de tu casa es algo que no entiendo, porque Val?, claro si se puede saber- -ultimamente había tenido decepciones amorosas, muy fuertes, normalmente soy de las personas que se enamoran fácilmente, y qiza esas heridas tan grandes me llevaron por ende a sentirme sola, qize alejarme del mundo y qiza asi sanar mis heridas, dejando que la soledad y el tiempo hicieran lo suyo- -Tan bonita i lastimada, no puede ser posible, yo no lastimaría a alguien como tu Val, perdona el atrevimiento pero es verdad, porque tienes algo especial, algo que inspira ternura, dulzura, en fin quieres que siga?- -(apenada) yo causar todo eso? Mmm… no lo creo la verdad, pero esta bien te creeré, no se porque lo dices, si solo conocieras mi pasado, los amores por los cuales yo he pasado, es tan difícil enamorarte y pensar que todo puede empezar de nuevo, que tonta ni siquiera se por que te estoy contando todo esto en verdad que pena- -jajaja no te disculpes si me lo contaste fue porque qiza necesitabas sacarlo, ahora veo por que huias yo también lo hubiera hecho. Espera ya es tarde son las 4 am tanto tiempo platicando no lo sentí de veras, será mejor que nos vayamos a dormir, te prepare el cuarto de huéspedes, si tienes frio me avisas para que te lleve mas cobijas- -gracias, por milésima vez jajajaja enserio agradesco tus atenciones- Subi al cuarto de huéspedes, pero realmente no pude dormir esa noche sabiendo que la tenia tan cerca, y no podía hacer nada para seguir con ella, no quería alejarme esa noche de ella, no podía, mi corazón latia cada vez mas y mas fuerte, había sido el destino que planeo todo a la perfeccion, o quizá fue una señal divina la cual me decía que merecía una segunda oportunidad? No lo se…daba de vueltas por la cama pensando en que ella estaría durmiendo, moria por ir a acariciar esas mejillas, contemplarla mientras dormía, susurrarle lo que mi corazón le decía, me aferraba a la almohada pensando en que era ella. En eso la puerta se abrió lentamente. Mi corazón se congelo en ese instante al ver que era ella, por la cual mi mente no dejaba que descanzara esa noche, ella la causa de mi insomnio. -te desperté?- dijo Pia -no, de hecho no podía dormir…- -yo tampoco podía, (apenada) anduve pensando en la platica de hace unos instantes, en tus ojos, en tu voz, en tu piel, en cada detalle tan perfecto que te describe, eres tan tan bonitha Val, es la primera vez que alguien me quita el insomnio, jamás pensé que seria una mujer, y menos una mujer como tu…- En eso se lanzo a mis brazos abrazandome muy fuerte. -Valentina, no te vayas!- (en tono de desesperación), -no me prives de seguir a tu lado, no seas cruel y me dejes sola, no te puedo obligar a que te quedes, pero si te quedas prometo curar tus heridas, sanarlas, jamás! te juro que en mi vida había sentido esto por nadie, seras tan cruel y dejarme asi?- -Pia, Pia calmate por favor, mirame… que ves en mis ojos?- -no lo se, unos cafes y hermosos ojos? No lo se, que quieres que vea?- -acaso no puedes ver que me gustas? No notaste el impacto que causaste en mi al momento en el que bajaste de tu auto?, no temblaba por frio, temblaba por nervios, (suspiro)…. Yo estoy igual que tu no creía en el verdadero amor, no soy de ser melosa con la gente ya que la gente que me fue lastimando, borro esa parte tan bella de mi, para muchos el ser cursi es aburrido, tonto y monótono para mi era la razón de, el ser feliz, ya que a muy pocas personas se les da el ser asi, y las personas que crei amar intensamente arrancaron esa parte mi, eh hicieron olvidarme de lo bonito que es el amor, esta noche te conoci porque el destino me puso en tu camino, porque creo que asi como estaba yo de perdida lo estabas tu, no lo se… pero asi como tu llegaste inesperadamente a mi vida, yo llegue a la tuya- Tomo mi rostro y con una lagrima cayendo por su mejilla me dio un temeroso pero tierno beso… -disculpame Val, pero ya no pude resisitirlo- -si no lo hubieses hecho tu. Lo hubiese hecho yo, pero no debes de llorar, no me voy a ir, me quedare contigo Pia, ven durmamos que mañana no podremos levantarnos, qiza pasemos todo el dia de mañana juntas y me gusta la idea, a ti no?- -claro nena, dormamos, pero abrazame, que es una noche fría- -no tienes por que pedirlo sin duda lo hare…..y jamás te soltare- ESA NOCHE POR PRIMERA VEZ CREI EN EL DICHO… \"AMOR A PRIMERA VISTA\" Es una forma de resumir lo que esta noche paso de todo lo siento nena, aun hay mas pero no sabria decirlo, te quiero mucho nena, cambiaste mi vida por completo, de cómo al conocernos de la nada y que en tan poco tiempo, nació algo bello entre las 2 simplemente me hiciste feliz te pido que no te vayas de mi lado, asi sean las circunstancias, o lo que sea nena, me da miedo perderte, perderme nuevamente. Fin. 7 ","Summary":" Holas a todos aquí, les traigo nuevamente una historia que esta vez no es mia, la verdad es de mi n"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Tan solo un beso","Author":"Ambar V","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6622602","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tan solo un beso. En realidad no me costó tanto trabajo darme cuenta que serias demasiado importante en mi vida, desde el primer día en que te conocí .Era tan solo una extraña para ti y sin embargo me recibiste con los brazos abiertos dispuesta ha escucharme y hacerme simplemente compañía. Creo que no sabes cuánto te lo agradezco de verdad, por primera vez en años sentí que a alguien le importaba sin condiciones, sin nada a cambio. Poco a poco nuestra amistad fue creciendo tanto que incluso te pusiste en riesgo por saber de mi lo que nunca quise contarte hoy se que fue un gran error. Sin embargo nunca pasan las cosas solo por accidente, ya que gracias a ello ahora sé que no solo te quiero como amiga, sino que también te quiero como mujer. Tan solo un beso falto para darme cuenta de lo obvio, de lo que sucedió desde la primera vez que nuestras miradas se encontraron, un sencillo roce de labios logro que me elevara al cielo y sintiera que podría morir siendo la persona más feliz del mundo. No sé cuál sería el nombre de lo que siento hoy al verte y solo el tiempo dirá que sucederá con nosotras. Solo me queda darle las gracias por leer y espero que les gustara cualquier comentario será bien recibido incluso si quieren acepto los jitomatasos me ayudaran a mejorar. 1 ","Summary":" Tan solo un beso. En realidad no me costó tanto trabajo darme cuenta que serias demasiado important"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Back To Black","Author":"AryaBaratheon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6564563","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Discliminer: Niñas Mal es propiedad de MTV We only said good-bye with words I died a hundred times You go back to her And I go back to... I go back to us Back to Black A Greta la sonrisa simplemente se le había quedado congelada en la cara, simplemente porque ya no sabía qué hacer, no quería llorar en frente de todos, pero simplemente lloraba en silencio al verlo a él…A Emiliano, a su Emi, con otra chica y, ni siquiera era eso, lo peor era que se había besado en frente de ella (aunque él no la vio) Dios ¿Por qué no le dijo a Emiliano lo que sentía antes? ¿Por qué siempre se empeñaba en negarlo? ¿Por qué su obsesión con Kike hizo que lo perdiera? Y lo más importante… ¿Por qué no le dijo que ella se comprometió con Linares solamente para dejarlo salir? Se sentía igual, no, peor que con Kike. Las lagrimas salían mientras ella corría, no sabía a dónde ir, Emi la había querido de verdad y no sabía qué hacer, finalmente supo, que tal vez necesitaría un tiempo más en aquella casa, para darse un tiempo, para darle un tiempo a su Lola interior así que toco la puerta y vio a Maca con cara de confundida, se le tiró a los brazos mientras sollozaba y susurro. \" No aprendí nada, Maca. No aprendí nada\" Ese final fue decepcionante, la verdad me imaginaba más, solo me hizo feliz que Adela estuviera con Nachito (aunque hubiera preferido que los dos se fueran a NY) y que Mari haya abandonado su obsesión con Nina y la haya visto como una amiga me encantó. El titulo es de la canción Back to Black de Amy Winehouse Pero me molestó el final de Valen y Pía, amaba como se veían juntas, really, además que lo de Greta, reconozco que me dio pena, pobrecita, aunque la odiaba. Espero que haya una 2da temporada :D ¿Reviews? :3 ","Summary":" Discliminer: Niñas Mal es propiedad de MTV We only said good-bye with words I died a hundred times "},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Fade to Black","Author":"AryaBaratheon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6560466","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Discliminer: Niñas Mal no me pertenece. \"I have lost the will to live Simply nothing more to give There is nothing more for me Need the end to set me free\" Fade to Black La Diva se paró frente al balcón mirando para abajo, tenía la mirada perdida, no pensaba bien, desde ese incidente de la 'boda falsa' estaba totalmente destrozada, bueno ¿Quién no lo estaría? Tras descubrir que su hermano Rafa le había mentido y que era la única persona en la que confiaba. También se sentía mal por ese chico…Pitu, Pete ¡Ah sí, Piti! No quería romperle el corazón de esa manera, porque pese a todo, Nina no era una mala persona, todos los momentos de su vida pasaron por sus ojos, desde la discusión con su madre, el accidente que la llevó a esa casa del infierno, cuando andaba en la terraza con Rafael, todo… Esa casa infernal, con esas 6 estúpidas que andaban ahí. Adela, esa odiosa y ridícula hija del senador, era tan rebelde y amaba meterse en problemas, para colmo, no quería admitir sus sentimientos por Ignacio, pese a todo, le envidiaba porque tenía alguien quien quería Greta, esa nena-rica con doble personalidad (como le llamaba Adela \"Lola Happyhour \") era tan sofisticada y con cara de ángel, pero, al igual que Adela tenía a Nacho, ella tenía a Emiliano. Pía, esa chica con ese pasado tan horrible, al tan solo imaginarse las cosas que hizo ¡asco! Y, pese a todo, era mejor persona que la misma Nina, y al igual que las otras dos, tenía alguien que la quería y se preocupaba por ella… Valentina, la 'diferente' del grupo, esa siempre andaba confundida sobre que le gustaba o Pía o el tal Axel, era suertuda en cierta manera, tenía a dos quienes se preocupaban por ella, fuera lo que fuera Marisa…como dejar atrás a la gordis, a la que pese a todos los desprecios, siguió llamándose Nina-fan, fue la única persona en preocuparse por ella, incluso después de lo de la boda, y le dijo sobre todo, sobre Nicolás (nombre que no quiere recordar), tal vez, podría considerarla 'su amiga'. E, indirectamente, le dio la idea de \"tomarse un descanso de todo\" Brenda, a esa poco le conoce, pero le salvó de hacer una estupidez como incendiar la casa y le agradece por ello. Sonrió antes de mirar al abismo y, con una sonrisa murmuró. \"Adiós chicas, adiós madre, adiós Rafa…adiós mundo…\" Y se tiró, lo único que recuerda es el sonido de un vaso rompiéndose y la voz de Mari gritando horrorizada. — ¡NO! — El titulo esta basado en la canción de Metallica 'Fade to black', sé que Nina vivirá pero igual, quería escribir drama :3 ¿Reviews? ","Summary":" Discliminer: Niñas Mal no me pertenece. \"I have lost the will to live Simply nothing more to give "},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Más que a mi vida","Author":"GinebraRemyHadley","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6609681","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hola! Por días había tenido esta idea para un one-shot sobre Pía y Valentina, y por fin logré escribirla y publicarla jeje. La historia está narrada desde el punto de vista de Pía. Utilicé los eventos ocurridos en el capitulo 8, cuando todas van al centro comercial, decidí respetar algunos diálogos pero modifiqué la historia para que ocurriera lo que todas queríamos que pasara jeje - PIA- Aún recuerdo la primera vez que nos besamos, la primera vez que nos tocamos, la primera vez que estuvimos juntas. Ya han pasado muchos años pero aún tengo todo presente, recuerdo cada roce, cada beso, cada detalle como si lo hubiera vivido ayer. Ocurrió solamente dos semanas después de que nos conocimos, dos semanas después de que entraste a casa Maca. Recuerdo que desde que nos conocimos algo nos unió, desde el principio nos llevamos muy bien y en pocos días ya éramos inseparables, era como si algo en nuestro interior nos dijera que estábamos predestinadas a estar juntas. Después de dos semanas éramos las mejores amigas, aunque eso ya no era suficiente para mí, y ahora sé que tampoco lo era para ti. Y creo que fue por eso que todo cambió en aquel centro comercial, en aquella tienda de ropa, en aquel probador… Recuerdo que caminábamos por el centro comercial acompañadas de Maca y Teo que habían insistido en asesorarte personalmente con tu ropa, pues al parecer creían que tu estilo no era el adecuado para una dama de sociedad y mucho menos para el dichoso té benéfico que habría en casa Maca… ja quien diría que los invitados ni siquiera se fijarían en nuestra ropa si no en el escándalo que armaron Greta y Adela. Y la verdad es que no entiendo porque la gente intentaba cambiar tu estilo y tu personalidad, si tú siempre has sido perfecta tal y como eres. Después de vagar sin rumbo por algún rato, Maca insistió en entrar a una tienda un poco abarrotada, sobretodo por chicas de nuestra edad, y aunque al principio nos resistimos un poco, al final nos resignamos y obedecimos. Tú inmediatamente te dirigiste hacia la pequeña sección masculina de la tienda, pero Maca te tomó por el brazo y te guió hacia unos mostradores en donde había una gran cantidad de vestidos. Yo simplemente sonreí al ver tu expresión de derrota. -Maca, yo no pienso que ninguno de esos vestidos se me vea bien- Tengo que decir que yo estaba en total desacuerdo contigo, pues estaba segura de que te verías hermosa con cualquier cosa. -Ya verás que si, estoy segura de que te verás preciosa en más de alguno- dijo Maca mientras comenzaba a escoger algunos vestidos. -Y tu también Pía- me dijo Teo sacándome de mis pensamientos- Busca algo lindo. -Si Teito- respondí mientras comenzaba a vagar por los pasillos. En menos de diez minutos escogí un conjunto sencillo pero que tengo que decir me quedaba muy bien, me lo probé y lo pagué, por supuesto sin quitarte la vista de encima durante el proceso. Después de realizar mi compra me reuní con Maca y con Teo que estaban de pie fuera de un probador esperándote. Tengo que admitir que después de un rato comencé a desesperarme, pues ya había pasado casi media hora y tú te rehusabas a salir. -¿Qué pasa?- preguntó Maca al parecer igual de desesperada que yo- ¿Te queda ajustado? -No-respondiste entre quejas- Me queda fatal. -¡Ay sal!-exclamé con un poco de fastidio, pues en verdad dudaba que algo te pudiera quedar fatal. -No puedo-respondiste mientras asomabas tu cabeza entre las cortinas del probador-¿No hay algo como con pantalón?-comencé a reír, en verdad eras increíblemente adorable. -¡Ay ni que fueras un hombrecito!-dijo Teo haciéndome reír aún más mientras yo me cubría el rostro con mi cabello- O sales de una vez de ese vestidor o voy y te saco Valentina. -No le hagas caso a Teo- dijo Maca- Con lo que tu te sientas bien te verás chick. -Pues no me puedo ver bien, no me veo chick… me veo horrible- dejé de reír momentáneamente pues comenzaba a sentirme un poco culpable, en verdad sonaba como si estuvieras sufriendo. -Bueno bueno ya sal- dije intentando darte ánimos-¡Valen sal! Escuche como diste un sonoro suspiro y después observé atentamente como retiraste las cortinas y saliste lentamente. Al verte no sabía ni que pensar, aunque definitivamente te veías un poco extraña lucías muy linda, en verdad te veías encantadora, aunque por tu actitud parecías una niña pequeña. Sin poder evitarlo comencé a reír. Al ver que me lanzabas una mirada rara cubrí mi rostro con la capucha de mi suéter intentando disimular mi risa incontrolable. -Pía ya se está riendo- dijiste avergonzada, aunque no parecías estar molesta pues sonreías un poco. -No, no, no- dijo dejando de reírme y acercándome a ti. -Me lo voy a quitar- te diste la vuelta e intentaste entrar nuevamente al vestidor, pero yo te detuve tomándote por el brazo. Tú te giraste resignada, yo simplemente te sonreí y subí el cierre de tu vestido pues tú no lo habías hecho. -Ay ups- dijiste sarcásticamente mientras yo me alejaba un poco. -Haber date una vueltita-rodaste los ojos y obedeciste a Maca. En verdad parecías incómoda, pues se notaba que ni siquiera sabías en donde colocar tus brazos. Recuerdo que intentaste cruzarlos pero Maca te reprendió, y tú simplemente optaste por poner tus manos en tus caderas-Se te ve precioso Valentina. -Estás divina- agregó Teo con una gran sonrisa. -¿De verdad?-preguntaste poco convencida aunque un poco más animada. -Si, si, se te ve bien- respondí sinceramente y sentí como mi sonrisa se hacía cada vez más grande. Tú soltaste un suspiro que parecía ser de alivio. -Pues es que no me pongo vestido desde que se casó mi hermana, es muy raro... -parecías realmente incómoda y muy nerviosa-¿Ya?-preguntaste ansiosa de volver al vestidor y quitarte el vestido. -Ya-respondí aunque sabía que esa pregunta no era para mí. Suspiré, por algún extraño motivo no podía dejar de sonreír y no podía quitarte la vista de encima, en verdad lucías hermosa, tenía razón al pensar que no importaba lo que usaras siempre lucirías bellísima. -Me voy a ensayar otro- dijiste mirándome de una forma algo rara, y sin decir nada más entraste al probador. Una vez más el tiempo comenzó a transcurrir lentamente. Maca observaba su reloj constantemente, al parecer la hora que nos había dado ya casi pasaba. -Valentina, Teo y yo iremos a la camioneta, tienes veinte minutos para elegir lo que te quieras llevar-después de decir esto se volvió hacia mí-¿Te quedas con Valentina? -Si-dijiste asomando una vez más tu cabeza entre las cortinas, yo te miré sonriendo y tú agregaste con una mirada de súplica-Por favor, quédate. -Me quedo-afirmé y me giré hacia Maca y hacia Teo- Ustedes vayan tranquilas que yo me quedo con Valen. -Muy bien, tienen 20 minutos- repitió Maca, y ella y Teo salieron de la tienda. Pasaron varios minutos más y tú todavía no salías. -¿Valen pasa algo? -No… bueno si…- pude identificar un poco de vergüenza en tu voz. -¿Qué pasa?-pregunté una vez más. -Es que… bueno yo… -Vamos dime- dije acercándome hacia las cortinas. -Me quedé atorada en un vestido- dijiste al fin completamente avergonzada, sin poder evitarlo una vez más comencé a reír. -No te rías y ven a ayudarme. Aún sin dejar de reírme entré al probador, te diste la vuelta y me observaste seriamente, con todo mi esfuerzo comencé a calmarme poco a poco. -Extraño mis jeans- dijiste mientras comenzabas a forcejear con el vestido, haciéndome reír nuevamente. -No exageres, se te ve bien- rodaste los ojos ante mi comentario y después hiciste una mueca de sofoco. -Ayúdame-dijiste al fin mientras te dabas la vuelta. Yo me acerqué y comencé a forcejear con el cierre, tú sonreíste como recordando algo- Te estabas riendo, se me ve… -No, para nada-dije sonriendo mientras luchaba con el cierre y por accidente te di un pequeño pellizco. -¡Ay! ¡Ayúdame, ayúdame!- dijiste dando pequeños saltitos. -Perdón, perdón-dije algo preocupada mientras intentaba sacarte de ese vestido. Después de algunos intentos más te miré seriamente-Valen… -¿Qué paso?-preguntaste preocupada viéndome a través del espejo que estaba frente a ti. -Es que creo que se te va a cumplir tu peor pesadilla-vi que sonreíste un poco. -¿Qué? -Quedarte encerrada en este vestido- respondí riendo. -Sálvame, sálvame, sálvame…-dijiste entre risas y gestos mientras yo intentaba que te quedaras quieta para poder liberarte. -Ya, ya, quieta, quieta, quieta, quieta…ya, ya, listo, listo, listo-al fin logré bajar el cierre y tú inmediatamente, al sentirte liberada, comenzaste a sacudir tu cuerpo y el vestido comenzó a resbalarse por el hasta llegar al piso. Yo seguí la prenda con mi vista durante todo el recorrido, poco a poco sentí que mi boca se comenzaba a secar y de repente el espacio de aquel vestidor se me hacía demasiado pequeño. Tu cercanía en verdad me estaba afectando, podía sentir el calor que irradiaba tu piel y sentí como mi temperatura corporal comenzaba a aumentar. No podía retirar mis ojos de tu cuerpo, sabía que si seguía viéndote de esa manera tú te darías cuenta, pero en esos momentos mi mente estaba en blanco y mi cuerpo no obedecía mis órdenes. Sin poder evitarlo llevé mi mano a tu espalda y toqué tu piel, era tan suave como yo lo había soñado, lentamente comencé a acariciarte mientras que colocaba mi otra mano en tu cintura y me pegaba un poco más a ti. Tú simplemente me viste a través del espejo, pero tu mirada no era la que yo espera, no parecías pedirme ninguna explicación ni parecías juzgarme, eso me dio un poco de confianza, y con más seguridad dejé un pequeño beso en tu espalda. Observé como cerraste tus ojos y soltaste un gran suspiro. Poco a poco te diste la vuelta aún con los ojos cerrados. Por un momento temí que al abrirlos me encontraría con tu rechazo, pero no fue así. Cuando finalmente abriste tus ojos pude ver que me mirabas con ternura, y me di cuenta de que había un brillo especial en ellos que no había visto nunca antes en tu mirada, un brillo que estaba segura tu veías en mis ojos. Bajé mi mirada hacia tus labios y vi de reojo que tú hacías lo mismo, cada vez me encontraba más nerviosa, estabas tan cerca, tu rostro estaba a solo centímetros del mío, cerré los ojos disfrutando de tu cercanía, pero antes de hacerlo vi como cerrabas la corta distancia que nos separaba. Cuando sentí tus labios sobre los míos me quedé completamente estática, sentí que por un segundo mi corazón dejó de latir, y al segundo siguiente todo comenzó a dar vueltas. Cuando por fin procesé el hecho de que me estabas besando sentí que te separaste de mí lentamente, yo abrí mis ojos al no tenerte cerca y me di cuenta de que me mirabas directamente a los ojos y me sonreías. Yo te regresé la sonrisa automáticamente, acorté la distancia que nos separaba y te besé, te besé como nunca en mi vida había besado a nadie, te besé con ternura, con pasión, con dulzura y con todo el amor que sentía por ti. Sentí tus labios moverse al ritmo de los míos y sonreí aún más, en esos momentos me sentía inmensamente feliz. Tu sostenías mi rostro con tus manos, y yo recorría tu espalda con las mías, poco a poco el beso fue subiendo de intensidad y yo lo único que podía hacer era intentar acercarte más a mi cuerpo. Finalmente nos separamos por falta de aire y una vez más nos miramos a los ojos, esta vez no vi ternura en tu mirada si no pasión, tus ojos estaban oscurecidos por el deseo, el mismo deseo que yo sentía por ti. Volvimos a besarnos pero esta vez lo hicimos más intensamente, nuestra respiración era cada vez más pesada y entrecortada, y mis manos parecían tener voluntad propia pues recorrían tu cuerpo con gran avidez, mientras las tuyas hacían lo mismo con el mío. Es indescriptible lo que sentía al acariciar tu piel, no creo que existan palabras para describir todas las sensaciones que tú despiertas en mí. Mi ropa comenzaba a ser un obstáculo, pues lo único que deseaba era sentir tu piel contra mi piel, y creo que tú pensabas lo mismo que yo pues intentabas con desesperación deshacerte de mi suéter, yo te facilité la tarea levantando mis brazos y en pocos segundos la prenda desapareció, tu comenzaste a desabrochar mi pantalón y a deslizarlo por mis piernas mientras yo me quitaba mi blusa y la tiraba lo más lejos posible de nosotras, con un rápido movimiento me deshice también de mis zapatos y retiré por completo mi pantalón. Nos besamos nuevamente, esta vez en igualdad de condiciones y lentamente nos recorrimos hasta llegar a una de las paredes del vestidor. Tú comenzaste a besar suavemente mi cuello mientras me apoyabas contra la pared y yo solamente era capaz de suspirar, tomé tu rostro con mis manos e hice que me besaras en los labios nuevamente, tus besos son adictivos. Mientras recorría tu espalda con mis manos desabroche tu sujetador y lo deslicé lentamente por tus brazos dejando al descubierto tus pechos. Te miré, en verdad te veías hermosa, estabas un poco ruborizada y mirabas hacia el piso, yo tomé tu barbilla con una de mis manos y con la otra te acerqué más a mí, hice que me miraras a los ojos, y a través de esa mirada nos dijimos todo. Te besé una vez más y te sentí temblar en el beso, sabía que esta era tu primera vez y aunque por desgracia yo tenía mucha experiencia, esta era también mi primera vez, era la primera vez que estaría con alguien a quien amara, era la primera vez que haría el amor. Te separaste un poco de mí y retiraste mi sujetador con un poco de nerviosismo, yo te sonreí tratando de darte un poco de confianza y al parecer funcionó pues te acercaste a mí y me besaste con seguridad. Lentamente comenzaste a bajar dejando pequeños besos en mi cuello y en mi clavícula, hasta que te detuviste en mis pechos. Yo no podía reprimir los gemidos que salían de mi boca, en el fondo de mi mente sabía que estábamos en un lugar público y que en cualquier momento alguien podría entrar y descubrirnos, pero ahora mismo eso no me preocupaba, lo único que importaba eras tú, tu esencia, tus caricias y tus besos. Bajaste un poco más y sin darme cuenta besabas mis piernas y subías por mis muslos acercándote peligrosamente a mi sexo, por unos instantes te detuviste y yo abrí mis ojos de inmediato, tu me miraste y vi que intentabas pedirme mi aprobación, a modo de respuesta sonreí y pase mis manos por tu cabello, al parecer eso fue suficiente para ti pues delicadamente te deshiciste de mi ropa interior. Sentí tus tímidas caricias y te ame más que nunca, sabía que esto era difícil para ti pues también lo era para mí. Tome tus brazos e hice que te pusieras de pie nuevamente, te besé intentando transmitirte todo lo que sentía a través de ese beso, y torpemente hice que te sentaras en una pequeña banca en la que se encontraban los vestidos que había escogido Maca, tú sonreíste cuando las prendas cayeron al piso. Yo me arrodillé frente a ti, y mirándote a los ojos me deshice de tu ropa interior. Lentamente comencé a besar tus pechos y sentí que tu respiración se hacía cada vez más rápida, bajé tomándome el tiempo necesario para aprender de memoria cada centímetro de tu piel, y conforme iba bajando iba dejando un rastro con mis besos. Acaricié tus piernas, y besé detenidamente tus muslos, mientras tú enredabas tus dedos en mi cabello. Finalmente llegué hasta tu entrepierna y comencé a acariciarla y besarla, te sentía temblar con cada toque y tus gemidos comenzaban a llenar el pequeño probador. Exploré con mi legua tu interior mientras con mis manos acariciaba tu abdomen y tu espalda. Tus gemidos comenzaron a intensificarse, sabía que estabas al borde del placer e intentando prolongar ese momento me puse de pie y me senté a horcajadas sobre ti. Tu inmediatamente me abrazaste acercándome a ti y me besaste con desesperación, al sentir tu ansiedad baje mi mano hasta tu entrepierna y comencé a acariciarte lentamente. Después de algunos momentos sentí que comenzabas a tocarme tímidamente de la misma forma que yo lo hacía contigo, y después de algunos segundos nos acoplamos a la perfección. Nuestros corazones parecían latir al mismo tiempo, nuestros cuerpos se movían al mismo ritmo, nuestros almas danzaban juntas al mismo vaivén. Finalmente sentí tu cuerpo convulsionarse al mismo tiempo que el mío, y escuche un último gemido que salió de tus labios en forma de susurro. -Pía… En ese momento me sentí más feliz que nunca, desde el segundo en el que dijiste mi nombre en medio del éxtasis supe que eras mía, al igual que yo soy tuya desde el momento en el que posaste tus ojos sobre mí por primera vez. Nos quedamos en silencio abrazadas sobre aquella banca, podía sentir los latidos de tu corazón que al igual que tu respiración poco a poco se comenzaba a re estabilizar, sentí como comenzaste a trazar figuras indescifrables en mi espalda y sonreí, me incorporé un poco y levante mi cabeza de tu hombro. Tú simplemente me miraste a los ojos antes de sonreír, yo te regresé la sonrisa y con mi mano retiré un mechón de cabello que se encontraba pegado a tu frente debido a una ligera capa de sudor. Mi sonrisa se hizo aún más grande cuando tú acariciaste mi rostro y dejaste un tierno beso en mi frente. Y después lo dijiste, dijiste las palabras que me harían la mujer más feliz del mundo… -Te amo Pía. Yo me quedé en silencio sin poder creer lo que me habías dicho, por alguna razón me era imposible creer que me amaras, pero al verte a los ojos supe que decías la verdad. Sin poder evitarlo me acerqué a ti y capturé tus labios nuevamente, al separarme suspire y junté nuestras frentes, y mirándote a los ojos por fin confesé lo que había guardado en el fondo de mi alma desde que te conocí. -Yo también te amo Valen… más que a mi vida. -Pía… amor… ¿qué es lo que haces? -Valen- dije sonriendo mientras tu voz me regresa al presente. -¿Qué es lo que escribes?-me preguntas mientras me abrazas por la espalda y ves sobre mi hombro la pequeña libreta que sujeto con mis manos. -Nada, solamente recuerdo el día más feliz de mi vida. -¿El día más feliz de tu vida?- preguntas juguetonamente mientras me besas en la mejilla-¿El día que Nina se retiró para siempre de la música? -Tienes razón, olvidé por completo ese día- respondí siguiéndote el juego y besándote tiernamente en los labios- En ese caso recuerdo el segundo día más feliz de mi vida. -¿Y puedo saber cual es?- sonrió pues estoy segura de que sabes a que día me refiero. -Claro- respondo mientras siento que comienzas a besar mi cuello- Estaba recordando nuestra primera vez juntas. Te separas de mí y veo de reojo que te diriges hacia el armario de nuestra habitación. -¿Qué haces amor?-pregunto con curiosidad. Después de algunos minutos de búsqueda pareces encontrar lo que estabas buscando y sales una vez más al balcón con unas hojas de papel en una mano y un vestido en la otra. Sonrió al reconocer el vestido en que te quedaste atorada, el vestido que hizo posible que todo eso pasara, el vestido que decidiste comprar solo porque según tus propias palabras, siempre te recordaría lo que pasó en ese probador. Te arrodillas frente a mí y me tiendes las hojas, yo las tomo algo confundida. -Escribí eso un día después de que estuvimos juntas- Siento que mi sonrisa se hace aún más grande- Te dejo leerlas si yo puedo leer lo que tu has escrito. Yo acepto tu propuesta pues aunque se que me dejarías leer lo que escribiste incluso si yo no te lo permitiera a ti, quiero que tú leas lo que escribí, quiero que sepas como viví yo esa maravillosa experiencia. En silencio ambas comenzamos a leer, tu te sentaste en el piso con tu espalda recargada en mis piernas mientras que yo me quedo en mi silla acariciando tu cabello mientras leo. Con cada palabra siento como mi amor por ti crece aún más, como lo ha hecho cada día desde hace diez años… -Valen…-levantas tu mirada y yo sonrió al reconocer el mismo brillo que vi en tus ojos en aquel probador- Te amo… -Yo también te amo Pía… más que a mi vida… Espero que les haya gustado este one-shot, he estado pensando en escribir un fic largo con esta pareja pero quiero saber si les gustaría. Por favor diganme lo que piensan a traves de un review :) ","Summary":" Hola! Por días había tenido esta idea para un one-shot sobre Pía y Valentina, y por fin logré escri"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Rival Vampiro","Author":"PiaXValentina","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6607095","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hola mis amigos aqui les voy a presentar una historia con mis ayudantes:Aras y Muertesa ningos de los personajes son mios menos Sandra que ya les voy a explicar como es. Aras:Hola leantes como estan ? :D Muertesa:Ya callate quiero ver la historia Aras: :( Sandra: Altura : 5 pies con 6 Pelo: Negro como la noche,ondulado y llega hasta las rodillas. Parece salvaje como se alguin hubiera pasados sus dedos por el o como si el viento lo mantuviera soplando. Ojos: Negros como la noche y con un pocito de rojo cerca de la pupila. Personalidad:Sadistica pero amigables con quienes sean sus amigos verdaderos, capaz de hacer todo para tener lo que quere. Ya que tienes la idea como se ve empezemos la historia :]. _ -Valentina- Estoy feliz. Pia y yo nos cuadramos y las dos vimos que debemos ser mas que amigas.\"Nada nos podra separara ahora\" pense felizmente. \"Valen ya estas lista porque nos vamos sin usted\". Escuche que me dijo la voz de Pia. \"Si ya salgo\".Le ese momento veia divina con ese vestido...Pero el vestido se vera mejor en mi cama cuando-No valen chika mal! \"Te ves linda\"Le dije \"Tu te ves mejor\" \"Cuanto apostamos\"? Nos quedamos mirandos varios minutos hasta que cierta senadorcita interumpio el silencio \"Ustedes se pueden besar en otro momento pero ahora vamonos\" Dentro de media hora estabamos en el Limite pasandole mas bacano cuando de repente me senti enferma peo lo deje pasar creindo que no era nada y sigue bailando pero eso solo me empeoraba y se me iba las ganas de quedarme. Como que Pia lo habia notado porque empezo caminando hacia mi. \"Valen estas bien\" Me pregunto sus ojos lleno de procupo. \"Si estoy bien no te procupes por mi...Ve y diviertete\" Le dije poniendome mas enferma con los segundos \"Bueno..ten cuidado y que te mejores...\" Saliendo senti que me estaban observando y camine mas rapido pero despues sinti algo cortar mi estomago y mi brazo y cae al piso... = Sandra = Me lambi los labios no era la mejor sangre que habia tomado pero me vastara, la proxima busco a una virgen. Del club salio una su cara y su bellaza me soprendio .Aunque estava palida se veia bien. pelo rojo que le cubria un ojo , su piel era clara y blanca como la era muy alta pero no importava. \"De mi no me escapas pequenia\" pense con una sonrisa Como que sentio mi presencia porque empezo caminando mas rapido. Aun no sabe que en realidad esta detras de ella. Le corte el estomago cuando voltio para ver. Rojo se ve tan lindo con su ver mas y con eso le corte el brazo. Se cayo al piso por causa el dolor.\"Tonta! Como puedes ser tan boba ahora morira \" me grite en la mente. Voltio y me veo \"Q-quien eres?\"Me dijo su voz temblando. Tan linda definitvamente sera mia \"Soy Sandra pero tu me puedes llamar Sandy\" \"Me vas a matar...?\" \"No te hare algo mucho mejor\" Le mordi el cuello y su sangre se entro en mi boca .Dulce pero tiene algo picante...Me no sobrevivira sin mi sangre...Me corte una vena y se la puse a su boca primero no lo bebio ententava escapar pero le coji la naris y empezo bebiendo sus ojos poniendos mas vampiricos y mas huecos sace la vena y me miro con ojos lleno de hambre.\"Me podria acostumbrar a esto\" pense. Me pare y la vi mirandome \"No te recordaras de mi hasta que nos volvamos a ver\" Ella se fue y pidio un maravilloso fue este dia no crees? ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Pia~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Mi pobre Valen estava enferma no podia esperar hasta llegar poder abrazarla y cuidarla. El carro llego a la casa y sali volada al cuarto pero nadia estaba. Baje y fui a buscar a Teo \"Teo ya has visto a Valentina?\" \"No,ella no esta, aun no a entrado\" Me quede esperando en la sala esperandola las demas ninas esperando conmigo... Despues de diez minutos tocaron la puerta pero tan debil que casi no se escuchava. Teo lo abrio y sus ojos se abrieron con miedo en menos de un segundo porque ahi parada estaba una Valentina palida como un fantasma, sangre choriando su ropa y piel, su estomago tenia un corte igual que su brazo...Pero lo que mas me asusto fueron sus ojos que siempre estaban tan alegres y llenos de vida ya estaban sin emocion. Como si en lugar de ojos tuviera dos huecos. Ella miro por todos lados como si estuviera perdida y callo al piso. \"VALEN!\" Todas gritamos yo mas duro que otras. \"Tenemos que llevarla al doctor\" Dijo Maca y fue a cojer el telephono pero un brazo sangriento le cojio la pierna \"Doctor no...\"Le dijo su voz daba miedo era callado y causaba escalofrio...Esta no era la voz que voy conocia Le hizo una mirada que parecia que le estubiera rogando y se desmallo. \"Pia llevala al cuarto y limpie sus heridas hablara manana...\" Me ordeno Maca La coji y le limpie las seria capaz de lastimar alguien como ella pense mientras la quede mirando mientras dormia sobandole el pelo de repente dijo algo. \"S-sandy...sangre...ayudame...ojos negros...\"... Quien era Sandy? ============================================================================================================================================ Sara:Ojala les gusto :) Muertesa: Me gusto y pongan en sus comentarios que queren que pase o se quieren que sandra la manden para la casa Aras:Si quieren otras historias diganos :3 y te doy una galleta ^^ Muertesa:Bleh usted me da asco me voy Aras:Ella porque me odia? :( Sara:Porque usted le gusta Aras:En serio :) Sara:Si...sabes mejor me voy chao gente ","Summary":" Hola mis amigos aqui les voy a presentar una historia con mis ayudantes:Aras y Muertesa ningos de l"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"Friends and Enemies","Author":"Florida's Firefly","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2866357","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yep, it's HERE! Chapter 1: First Day of School[Chapter 2] Chaptern2: The Playground Outside,nthe yard seemed so big to a youngster as small as Chicken Little. Henlooked around at what seemed to him miles of activity. Henlooked up at Ms. Dinah, who smiled at him and motioned with her headnto go ahead and explore. The little chicken looked back out onto thenplayground and sighed to himself. Then, he went forward as Ms. Dinahnwatched him go off. ChickennLittle walked through cautiously, looking around all the other kidsnthat didn't even seem to notice him there. He walked by a group ofna little bunny, a mutt puppy, a leopard cub, and a donkey fillynthrowing around a red ball to each other. Thenleopard cub, who apparently had a very good arm, threw the ball tonthe mutt puppy. Seeing it was coming too fast, the puppy gasped andnducked as the ball flew over his head. It rebounded off the wall andnthe four players stared up as it shot out into the air. Thenball went flying through the air right towards Chicken Little. Hensmiled and gasped. This was his chance to show the other kids what hencould do, despite how small he was. \"Ingot it, I got it!\" He went running out to try and catch it. He rannas fast as he could, keeping his eye on the ball as it flew towardsnhim. But, he wasn't watching where he was going. Hencollided smack-dab into a form bigger than him. He fell back to thenground on his tail. With his glasses only halfway on his face, he satnup. He pushed his glasses back on and looked up. Thenfigure that he had run into was a fox kit with reddish-brown hair inna braid, a little yellow shirt, and blue shorts. With her stood anwhite gosling wearing a small purple dress. The fox kit had the big,nred ball Chicken Little had been playing with in her paws. Both thenkit and the gosling stared down at him and blinked. \"…Um…\"nChicken Little finally spoke up. \"I was playing with that. C-Can Inhave it back…?\" He paused, knowing he was forgetting something,n\"…please?\" \"Oh,nsure!\" the fox kit smiled and held out the ball to him. He smilednand reached up to take it. But the kit suddenly pulled it up, holdingnit high in the air. \"Hey!\"nChicken Little exclaimed. \"Give it back!\" he jumped up and triednto grab it. The fox kit gloated as she continued to hold it justnbarely out of the little chick's reach. Both she and the goslingnwatched, amused as he jumped up and struggled to reach it again andnagain. Finally,nChicken Little stopped jumping and glared at them. \"Stop it, guys!\"nhe argued. \"I had it first! Lemme have it!\" \"Okay!\"nthe fox kit smiled and threw it at the school building's bricknwall. Chicken Little turned to follow it, but before he could gonanywhere, it ricocheted right off the wall and back into the kit'snpaws. \"Too slow!\" she grinned, to which the gosling laughed innhonks. Evennfor his very young age and very small size, Chicken Little was andetermined and stubborn little guy. Frustrated, he ran towards thenkit to take a running leap for the ball, but the kit stuck out hernpaw and held him back by the forehead as he came. He gritted hisnteeth and struggled against her, but his efforts were futile. \"Younwant it?' the kit asked. \"Take it.\" She tossed it right intonhim, and he fell back to the ground again. The ball bounced off andnChicken Little looked up at the two bullies as they came towards him.nSoon they had the poor little chicken with his back against thenbuilding's brick wall. He looked up at their looming figures,nterrified. \"Hey,nFoxy!\" he suddenly heard a voice yell. He looked over and saw anlittle girl duckling his age standing behind the fox kit. She wasn'tnwhat a lot of people would've called attractive or evennnormal-looking. She wore a little pink shirt and her hair was up inntwo small pigtails. The thing that Chicken Little noticed most aboutnher though was the way she was standing confidently and fearlesslynwith her hands in fists at her side. \"Why don't ya pick onnsomebody your own size?\" she glared sharply at Foxy Loxy. \"Aww,nwhat are you gonna do?\" Foxy turned towards her and saidnsarcastically. \"Huh, Ugly Duckling ?\" Asna reply, the spunky little duckling stuck her tongue out at her. \"Getnher, Goosey!\" Foxy grinned at her sidekick. Thengosling honked in acknowledgment and ran towards her victim. Thenbrave little duckling glared and attempted to try and put up a fight.nFoxy tossed the ball back over her shoulder and followed after herngoose friend. As she did, she stuck out her paw and shoved ChickennLittle onto the ground. Thenlittle chick landed on his tail with a grunt and looked up. Seeingnthat things were about to get mean, he scrambled to his feet andnbegan to scurry off. But before he got very far, he stopped. He heardnFoxy and Goosey laughing. Henlooked back over to where the bullies were teasing the poor duckling.nFoxy had her in a weird hold and Goosey was yanking at one of hernpigtails. \"Ow!\" yelled the duckling, struggling against them andntrying to fight back. \"Ow, ow, let go!\" ChickennLittle knew that he had to help…somehow. He looked around quicklynuntil his eyes rested on the ball he had been playing with. It wasnjust about as big as him, which made it hard for him to hold. Oncenthat Foxy plucked one of her feathers from her tail, the ducklingnfinally got tired of the bullies and spun around, taking a blindnswing at Foxy. Goosey stuck out her foot and the duckling fell to thenground on her stomach with a grunt. After a second, she gasped andnrolled onto her back, looking up at Foxy and Goosey hovering overnher. Justnthen, Foxy felt something bump her in the back. She blinked andnglanced over her shoulder. ChickennLittle had stumbled forward when he had thrown the ball at the fox,nor rather forced it from his hands in her general direction. Itnhadn't been a great throw, but it had been spirited. The youngnchick pushed his glasses back up on his beak and got to his feet.n\"Leave her alone!\" he demanded and drew himself up to try andnlook bigger and scarier (the result was that he drew himself up anfull ten inches!). Thenduckling blinked. Never in her life had she seen a more plucky kidnher age. Foxynand Goosey looked from Chicken Little to each other. They smirkedndeviously. Thenduckling gasped. She knew those looks from anywhere and they were notngood. She looked over at Chicken Little and scrambled to her feet.nShe bolted off, snatching his hand into hers. \"Run!\" she yelled.nThey both raced off across the playground as fast as they could. \"Getn'em!\" Foxy yelled, and she and Goosey chased after them. FornChicken Little and the duckling, the playground was a dang obstaclencourse. The hardest part was going past the swings, and both of themnnearly got a couple of kicks to the head. Oncenthey got past the swings, they looked at each other. \"Split up!\"nthe duckling yelled over to Chicken Little. The two youngstersnquickly turned and darted in opposite directions. Foxynand Goosey skidded to a quick halt when they saw them split up. Theynlooked from one to the other. \"You go after the round-headed kid!\"nFoxy finally told her sidekick. Gooseynnodded and the two bullies darted after their assigned victims. Thenduckling weaved through obstacles and ran around the yard until shenlost her pursuer. Looking around frantically, she ran over to thenplayset and quickly tried to climb up the metal pole on the side. Foxyncame running in and looked around quickly, having lost all visual ofnher prey. Her eyes switched back and forth as she searched around.nFinally, she gave a pout and leaned her shoulder against the metalnpole, not thinking for one moment to look up, where the duckling wasnholding on to the pole with herself wrapped around it and watchingnFoxy from right above her. Butnbeing the smart little duck she was, she kept quiet and didn't movena muscle. But what the heck was she supposed to do now? ChickennLittle yelled as he ran as fast as his little legs could carry him,nwith Goosey right behind him. Thinking quickly, the little chickennclambered onto the nearest playset he could find and started climbingnfor life with Goosey right behind him. Thenduckling continued to hang onto the pole as much as she could. Hernhands were getting too tired and Foxy hadn't moved. She desperatelyntried to keep from losing her grip and falling, but suddenly, hernhands slipped. Bothngirls screamed as she came down right on top of Foxy and theyncollided right into the dirt. \"Hey!\" Foxy yelled. Abbyngasped and scrambled to her feet, this time scaling up the pole andnleaping onto the playset in record time Shenran up to the top and came to a quick halt right at the top of thenslide. She looked back and gasped as Chicken Little suddenly raced upnright behind her, not looking where he was going. ChickennLittle tried to stop in time, but collided right into her. Bothnyoungsters tripped forward with a collective yelp of surprise as theyntook a speedy and unexpected ride down the long slide. At the bottom,nAbby tumbled into the dirt on her stomach, and Chicken Little camenright behind her, tumbling backwards down the slide and landed on topnof her. His tail feathers barely touched her bill. She sneezed. Atnthe sound of the sneeze, Foxy and Goosey spotted them. \"There theynare!\" Foxy pointed. \"AAAHHH!\"nChicken Little and the duckling scrambled to their feet and took offnagain. \"Getnback here, ya big babies!\" Foxy yelled as she and Goosey tooknpursuit again. ChickennLittle and the duckling raced back through the playground, trying tonlose the bullies. \"C'mon, hurry!\" Chicken Little yelled backnand he raced ahead. Hensuddenly realized how close they were to a corner of the brick wallnof the school and quickly stole away behind it, getting out of hisnpursuers' line of sight. Henwaited for a moment. Then, as the duckling ran by, he lashed out andngrabbed her hand, yanking her in with him. The two youngstersnflattened themselves against the wall and got quiet as they watchednFoxy and Goosey run by. Oncenthey had gone, they let out a sigh of relief in unison andnunflattened themselves from the wall. \"Thatnwas…really, really close.\" the duckling sighed. Thentwo of them took a moment to catch their breaths. Then, the littlenduckling looked over at Chicken Little, remembering how he had stoodnup for her and practically rescued her - twice. She had never had anyone do something like that for her. She'dnalways seen in the movies how the handsome prince would always comento save the princess when she was in danger or in captivity of thenbad guys. It was always so romantic. Now it seemed to her that shenhad found her prince. The way he drew himself up after henthrew the ball at Foxy made him look so handsome. \"…Um…thanksnfor saving me.\" she smiled sweetly. \"You were really brave.\" ChickennLittle's eyebrows rose right up. He almost felt an invigoratingnchill down his spine. \"Oh…\" he grinned sheepishly. \"Uh,nthanks… Y-You were kinda brave too.\" Therenwas an awkward silence as the two of them just glanced at the ground. \"Um…hey,\"nChicken Little spoke up. \"They didn't hurt you or nothin', didnthey? I-I saw them pulling your hair.\" \"No,\"nthe duckling replied. \"I-I'm okay.\" \"Sonwhat was their problem anyway?\" \"Indon't know… They always tell me I'm ugly…\" she glanced atnthe ground. \"Well, everybody does…\" \"Inget picked on, too. But my dad says it's 'cause their heads comento a point…whatever that means.\" Chicken Little stepped forwardnand picked up the ball they had been playing around with before theynwere chased. \"Besides, I don't think you're ugly.\" hensaid as he offered her the ball. \"I think you're kinda cool.\" Thenlittle duckling looked at him and smiled after a moment. \"…Mynname's Abby.\" \"I'mnChicken Little.\" he smiled back. Abbyngiggled and took the ball from him. \"You're kinda weird, ChickennLittle…but I like you.\" Theynlooked over when they heard Ms. Dinah calling them to come inside.nAlmost all of the other kids were already in the classroom. ChickennLittle looked at Abby and smiled. \"C'mon, Abby.\" he said andngrabbed her hand. Abby smiled as the two youngsters ran across thenyard back to their teacher. Neithernof them could've been happier. For the first time ever, they bothnhad a friend.[Chapter 3] Chaptern3: A Couple More Additions Allnof the kids started to sit down on the floor around Ms. Dinah insidenthe classroom. \"Coward.\"nFoxy stuck her tongue out at Abby, to which she replied by stickingnout her tongue as well. \"Okay,nguys.\" Ms. Dinah smiled and patiently quieted the class down. \"Now,nbefore we get started today, we have a new classmate joining usntoday.\" She looked at Chicken Little and nodded to him with angentle smile, motioning for him to come up. \"Would you like tonintroduce yourself?\" Althoughnhesitant and a bit shy, Chicken Little got to his feet and slowlynwalked up to his teacher's side. He turned and looked at the restnof the class sitting on the floor. \"…Ummm…hi.\" he waved anlittle. \"I'm…Chicken Little?\" \" Whoo-hoo !!\"nAbby jumped to her feet, smiling and applauding for her friend. Hensmiled back a bit when he saw her. Afterna moment, her clapping slowed and she looked around at everybody elsenjust sitting there and staring at her in surprise of her suddennoutburst. Abby blushed, slightly embarrassed, and finally sat backndown on the ground. ChickennLittle was discouraged by his quiet welcome. But then, somebody elsenin the room backed Abby up. Chicken Little looked up and saw a perky,nlittle fish sitting beside Abby with big, black, sparkling eyesnwearing a diver's helmet filled with water. He bubbled happily withna smile at Chicken Little, jumping up from the floor and clapping hisnfins vigorously. Chicken Little smiled back. Maybe his mom had beennright. Maybe since he had found friends, school would be actuallynkinda fun. Ms.nDinah smiled. \"Okay, why don't you go over and sit with Abby andnFish there, huh?\" ChickennLittle smiled and hurried over. Abby scooted over and allowed him tonsit in between her and Fish. Henand Fish looked at each other. In a silent exchange of greetings,nChicken Little smiled and stuck out his hand palm-up. Fish smiled andnslapped it. Then, in the little-kid fashion, he suddenly hugged thenrandom kid that was Chicken Little. He liked him already. Anlittle while later, all the kids were doing activities around thenclassroom. Fish and Chicken Little were hanging around the blockncenter. ChickennLittle carefully put the last block on his tower. \"Ah-ha.\" Hensmiled and leaned back to look at his creation. \"Hey, Fish, checknit out!\" he looked over at his new friend, but then suddenly shooknhis head in a double take. Fish had been busy with a tower of hisnown. \"Whoa.\" was all Chicken Little said as he stared up at thenblock tower that was almost three times his height. He smiled over atnFish. \"Hey, you're…good!\" Fishnsmiled and blubbed what Chicken Little guessed to be a \"Thank you.\" \"Hey,ncool!\" Abby smiled. \"You're like one of those arky-ki-tecs!\" ChickennLittle blinked. Abby herself had been building as well, they justnhadn't noticed her there. \"Hey,\" he said to her. \"Why're yanover here?\" \"Huh?\"nAbby looked at him. \"Shouldn'tnya be like, playing dress-up or something?\" Abbynblinked. \"…Why?\" \"…'Causenyou're a girl…?\" Chicken Little reasoned, scratching his headnin confusion. \"So…?\"nAbby shrugged. \"I wanna be over here. I like blocks n' stuff.\" ChickennLittle didn't say anything. He cocked his head, more confused thannever. Blocks and trucks weren't girl things…so why in the hecknwas Abby playing with them? Bynthe time lunch came around, the unlikely friends had learned a lotnabout each other. They sat beside each other at the table. Asnperky as ever, Fish jumped onto the bench beside Abby. He made ansound like he was clearing his throat and tapped her on the shoulder. \"Huh?\"nAbby looked at him. \"What is it?\" Fishnreached into his bag and pulled out a little tin of fish food. He setnit on the table and pointed at it. \" Blub-blub! \" he toldnAbby. Absolutelynconfused, Abby blinked and stared at him. Fishnfinally used his fins to communicate with her. He pointed to Abby,nthen down at the fish food tin, and then made a motion towards hisnmouth. \"…Oh!\"nAbby finally got the message. \"You want me to feed you?\" \" Blub! \"nFish smiled and nodded. He reached up and popped open the lid of hisnhelmet. Abbyndid her best at feeding him, but, being the age she was, she was anlittle clueless on just how much (or in this case how little) to putnin. She was yet to see the humorous \"effect\" it had on her littlenfish friend. \"Inwas kinda scared when I first got here, too.\" she told ChickennLittle, as they had been talking. \"But my daddy told me everythingnwould be okay when I found a friend.\" \"That'snwhat my mom told me, too.\" Chicken Little put in. \"She was wrong,nthough. Wait 'til I tell her I didn't just get one friend, but Ingot two instead.\" He smiled. \"I guess I'm lucky or something.\" \" BUUURRRRRPPP!!! \"nFish's helmet rattled as he suddenly let out a huge burp. Henquickly put a fin over the glass where his mouth was and blinked innsurprise of himself. He looked over at his two friends with wideneyes. So that's why his mom had warned him not to eat toonmuch... Abbynand Chicken Little stared at him in shock. They looked at each other.nThen, all three of them burst out laughing, almost falling off of thenbench. Oncenthey began to settle down again after a moment, Chicken Little lookednaround at all the other tables and the kids at them. He noticed onentable that had no one sitting at it. But he then saw something pinknvery slowly poke out from under its tablecloth and cautiously looknaround. It looked like a little…piglet. Atnthe sight of the young chicken watching him, the timid littlenstranger gasped and ducked his head quickly back under the table. ChickennLittle blinked and got up from his seat, heading towards thenabandoned table. Confused,nAbby and Fish watched him suddenly go off. They looked at each other,nand then followed to find out what it was he was after. As ChickennLittle approached the table, he got down on his hands and knees andnstuck his head underneath the low tablecloth. Under the table, he sawnthe little piglet staring at him with wide eyes, wearing a blue coatnand cap. \"Hi.\" the little chicken smiled. \"What's your name?\" \"…I-I'mnnot supposed to talk to strangers.\" the piglet told him. \"I'mnnot a stranger, I'm Chicken Little. So now that I told you my name,nyou're supposed to tell me yours!\" he smiled. Thenlittle piglet was quiet for a moment. \"…Runt.\" he finally said,nbut he didn't come out from under the table. \"Whatchandoin' down here?\" Chicken Little asked curiously. \"Mynbig brother told me to hide down here.\" \"Oh…nWill you come out and meet my friends, Runt?\" Runtnshook his head vigorously. \"Well…that'snokay.\" Chicken Little said. \"They can come down to meet you.\"nHe called back over his shoulder. \"C'mon, guys!\" Justnthen, Abby and Fish stuck their heads under the tablecloth at hisnsides. \"Guys,nthis is Runt.\" \"Hey,nRunt.\" Abby smiled. \"I'm Abby. And that's Fish.\" \" Blub !\"nFish smiled and waved. \"Why'snhe hiding under here?\" Abby asked. \"Is Foxy after him, too?\" \"He'snlying down low here 'cause he's scared and 'cause his bignbrother told him to.\" \"Hentold him to lie under a table?\" \"Indunno.\" \"I'mnnot scared!\" Runt defended. \"I'm…sensitive!\" AsnMs. Dinah walked by, she looked down and noticed the three tails ofnAbby, Fish, and Chicken Little all poking out from under thentablecloth. She blinked. Undernthe table, Runt was explaining why he was supposed to hide under thentable, in the words that his brother had put it. \"Hensays that I'd scare everybody, and he's right because I have annunusually high center of gravity for a kid my age! And he says thatnI'm a disgrace to the genus of swine.\" Thenthree friends just stared at him, totally lost by his words. Abbynleaned towards Chicken Little. \"What's a 'swine'?\" shenwhispered, to which the young chick just shrugged. \"Abby?nFish? Chicken Little?\" they heard Ms. Dinah called. Thenthree youngsters pulled their heads back far enough to look back andnnotice their teacher. \"Whatnin the world are you three doing down there?\" she smiled with hernpaws on her hips. \"We'rentryin' to get Runt out from under the table.\" Chicken Littlenexplained simply. \"Oh,nokay…\" a glimmer of realization came onto Ms. Dinah's face.nThis wasn't the first time this had happened…but she knew thenantidote for it. \"Well, you tell Runt that he needs to come out andneat his lunch.\" \"Okay!\"nChicken Little smiled as she turned to walk away. He poked his headnback under the table. \"Hey, Runt? Ms. Dinah said you need to comenout to have lunch.\" He looked at Abby. \"Abby and I know how tondeal with Foxy, so we'll protect you.\" \"Yeah,nyou can sit with us!\" Abby suggested. Runtnstared at them, then at the floor. \"…'Kay…I guess so…\" Hisnthree visitors smiled. Abby and Chicken Little reached out andngrabbed one of his arms and Fish grabbed the other. They all pulledntheir new friend out the rest of the way from under the table. Abbynran in front of him and struggled to push him up to his feet. Runtnhelped out a little by standing up on his own. Chicken Little gotnbehind him and pushed him forward. Abby and Fish looked at eachnother, smiled in amusement, and laughed as they ran ahead of theirnfriends. \"C'mon, hurry!\" Abby called back. \"Hey,nwait!\" Chicken Little shouted, and he and Runt chased after them. ","Summary":" Yep, it's HERE! Chapter 1: First Day of School[Chapter 2] Chaptern2: The Playground Outside,nthe ya"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"A New Friendship","Author":"Ultimate Fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2712795","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Wow. I never thought I'd submit another Fanfic in this site. Well, here it goes… I hope you like it! DISCLAIMER: Chicken Little and all related characters, locations, etc, are © Disney. Chapter 1 \" Goosey Loosey's New Friend.\" \"Did you hear guys? Foxy Loxy is in the Hospital. Seems like she wanted to break your record, Runt.\" Abby gossips her friends during recess at the cafeteria.[Chapter 2] I greatly apologize for the delay. Christmas Holidays, on the contrary to what I had thought, took away the time I could have spent writing these stories. Nevertheless, I now offer you Chapter Two of \"A New Friendship\": A NEW FRIENDSHIP Chapter 2: \" This is Stalking!\" Abby didn't bother telling her friends what had happened with Goosey. She thought of that as something irrelevant that would soon be forgotten by both. The following days were pretty nice for the misfits. There was no Foxy Loxy to bully them around, and without her, not only they could be more noticeable in sports class, but also Goosey Loosey had no reason to annoy anyone either. But for her, on the contrary, things got very grim. Loneliness became her only company, and since she didn't have the smartness that was needed to use a telephone or to get to the hospital, she had no way of communicating with or seeing Foxy. But perhaps the worst part was that she always got lost on her way back home. She wandered for hours looking for her house, and she didn't find it until night. She didn't have the courage to tell her parents. She hated it whenever they treated her like a brainless baby. But she didn't want to bother Abby again… Finally, Goosey Loosey realized that she had only one choice left… \"Look, she's watching us!\" Runt said while walking out of the school, along with Chicken Little, Abby and Fish. They quickly caught on: Goosey Loosey was watching them from a distance. \"What do you think she wants?\" Asked Chicken Little, a bit angry and, at the same time, a bit worried. Goosey Loosey began to walk towards them. \"Oh man, here she comes…\" Said Abby. Finally, Goosey was only a few steps from her. They all observed her with serious, intrigued expressions, even Fish, and Chicken Little finally gathered the courage to ask her: \"Well… what do you want?\" Goosey Loosey answered by pointing at Abby. \"What is it, does Foxy wants you to take her to the hospital, so both of you can have fun by torturing her!\" Asked Runt furiously and suddenly he found himself gasping for air. Goosey seemed a bit scared due to Runt's yell. She turned around and began to walk away, losing all hope of getting home early… \"So… you want me to take you home again?\" Goosey turned around, surprised. Abby walked towards her, ignoring Chicken Little, Runt and Fish's surprised faces. \"But Abby, she's…\" Began Chicken Little, not knowing what to say next. \"She's not really a bad goose; she was just hanging around with the wrong crowd.\" Said Abby, while placing her right hand on Goosey's left shoulder. \"Why don't you guys accompany us?\" Goosey seemed happy of having physical, non-violent contact with Abby, Chicken Little, Runt and Fish exchanged silent looks many times, and Runt finally said: \"Um... Ok… but there's no need to enter her house? I mean…\" \"We're only gonna take her home, but we don't have to enter, do we?\" Abby sighed annoyed. \"You're worrying too much, guys…\" \"Well… here you are… again…\" Goosey clapped her hands happily as she recognized her house. \"I never thought I'd say this, but… I hope Foxy gets well soon.\" Said Chicken Little. \"If somebody's gonna be Goosey's escort, it'll be her!\" Added Runt. \"Glub.\" \"Well, that really solves one thing or two.\" Said Abby, after she saw Goosey rushing to her house and opening the door with her key. \"Now, let's go before the movie starts!\" Upon hearing these words, Goosey turned around. It had been a really long time since she last had been to a movie theater… There was no line at the theater, so Chicken Little, Abby, Runt, and Fish didn't have to wait much in order to get into the theater. They headed to the booth and Runt, being the tallest (Read: Biggest) of all of them, ordered: \"Tickets for all of us for 'Chaos Control 3', please.\" After paying, Runt received the tickets and the change, which he quickly checked. \"Um… excuse me, ma'am, but… you just gave me five tickets. We're only four.\" The bunny at the booth seemed a bit confused by that. Runt noticed it, so he decided to explain it in the most polite way possible: \"Look, it's one (he pointed at himself), two, (he grabbed Chicken Little and placed him up to the bunny's sight), three, (Abby was then showed up), four, (He then showed Fish) and… five! (He was shocked when he saw himself holding Goosey Loosey)… Ok, I'm gonna need my bags…\" Runt then coldly placed Goosey on the ground and, without saying another word, he pulled his two paper bags and began to calm himself down with them. \"What are you doing here!\" Asked a badly shocked Chicken Little. Goosey smiled and clapped her hands. Then, she pulled some money from her pocket. \"Looks like she wants to come with us…\" Said Abby, who was surprised, too, but she wasn't paralyzed like Chicken Little was. \"She followed us! That's stalking! I'm gonna tell the police, the navy, the air force, and Super Goof!\" \"Oh, put a cork in it, Runt! You're exaggerating!\" Said Abby, visibly annoyed. After calming down, she continued: \"There's nothing wrong with it… I mean, she's even brought her own money…\" \"But… Abby… we're talking about Goosey Loosey…\" Added Chicken Little, while taking a step forward. \"Glub.\" \"Yeah, well… aw, c'mon, guys! Give her a chance!\" For the second time in the day, Chicken Little, Runt and Fish exchanged looks and Runt finally answered, while pointing at Goosey, who didn't seem to understand what was going on: \"If she tries something funny, she'll have to find her house on her own!\" \"So… are you kids going in or what? You're delaying the others, and the movie's about to begin…\" Asked the bunny, while pointing at the disgruntled people that we're waiting behind the misfits. \"Oh… right. Sorry.\" Said Chicken Little, as he and the others entered the theater. Then, he asked Runt in a whisper: \"'She'll have to find her house on her own'… is that the best you could think of?\" \"Hey, threatening is an art!\" TO BE CONTINUED… That's all for now. Again, I apologize for the delay. Hopefully, soon I'll be able to offer you chapter three. One more thing. Please, review. Now that I think about it, perhaps the main reason why it took me so long to write chapter two was that, since my first Chicken Little Fanfiction got only one review, whereas other stories from other authors had many more, I didn't feel very motivated to keep on writing. It really feels bad when almost nobody tells you what s/he thinks of your work… has that ever happened to you?[Chapter 3] A NEW FRIENDSHIP Chicken Little is © Walt Disney Pictures. Finally! After months… enjoy chapter three! Foxy Loxy Fan, this chapter is dedicated to you! Chapter 3: Breaking News! The Electro–Cardiogram's endless \"beep…beep…beep…\" wasn't the only thing that annoyed Foxy Loxy, Oakey Oaks' darling. The 'Get well Soon' bouquets and flower pots many citizens had sent her (Including Mayor Turkey Lurkey) filled her Hospital room to the point she could hardly watch the big TV her mother had brought her. And although she had received many visits, that dumb goose hadn't come to give her the report on what was going at school during her hospitalization. Surely she had lost the paper that detailed how to get to the hospital. \"That fool… I wonder what I was thinking when I made her my personal bodyguard…\" Wondered Foxy. She looked at the Electro–Cardiogram. It wasn't necessary at all! Her mother was such an alarmist; she had even brought some excellent doctors from New York to attend her daughter… just because of a small, stupid stomachache! Foxy sighed and turned on the TV with the Remote Control. She would have instantly looked for the House of Mouse show, hadn't it been because on the TV there was a Breaking News report, and the scenario was none other than the Oakey Oaks Elementary School. There was something going on at her base of operations! On the TV, the reporters quickly closed in on a distracted CL. Before he knew, he was already being poked with mics… again… the journalists mercilessly began to bomb him with questions… again… \"Chicken 'Little' Cluck! Are the rumors true?\" \"Is it just another fake alarm?\" \"Are you really a chicken?\" Surrounded by reporters, TV cameras and mics, CL was shocked and surprised… again… he could only mutter something that sounded like \"Guh… Abby… friend… acorn… Elvis…\" \"What did he say?\" Asked a journalist. \"Guh… Abby… friend… acorn… Elvis…\" CL repeated. Foxy smiled and wondered: \"I wonder what Chicken Loser did now…\" On the TV, something suddenly caught the reporters' attention. They focused their cameras to something on the distance. They left CL behind and quickly ran to get their Nobel Award-winning article. Foxy was filled with intrigue. What could be more attractive for journalists than a new Chicken Little Scandal? Soon the answer was on TV. And that was something nothing could have prepared her to see. Her Electro-Cardiogram went \"beep, beep, beep, beep!\" as she began to feel very bad. \"Abby Mallard! Is it true you're Goosey Loosey's new best friend?\" \"Goosey Loosey! Are the rumors about you and Foxy true? You're not friends anymore?\" \"Ms. Mallard! Why is it that you wear no pants or skirt?\" \"Ms. Loosey! If you were a Princess, which one would you be? Snow White, Cinderella, Alice Liddell, Aurora, Ariel, Jasmine, Pocahontas, Belle, Mulan or Kairi? Foxy lost her grasp on the Remote Control, which fell to the floor, breaking itself apart. She put her hand on her chest as she began to have a horrible heartache. The Electro-Cardiogram went nuts with \"beepbeepbeepbeep!\" \"Well, I…\" Began Abby on the TV. Goosey began to honk furiously at the reporters, as she really disliked strangers. \"Goosey, please stop!\" Said Abby. \"Whoa! She's attacking us!\" Pointed out one journalist. \"She's against the Freedom of Press!\" Said another one. \"She doesn't wear any skirt or pants either!\" Fish appeared out of nowhere and jumped in between Abby, Goosey and the Reporters. He seemed pretty serious. He inhaled some air as if he were about to scream and said: \"Glub.\" All of the reporters gasped in awe. \"Really?\" \"So that explains it all! But still… it can't be!\" \"It's even more surprising than when we found out Major Turkey Lurkey wears heart-stamped underwear!\" \"Yeah, we're friends now.\" Said Abby. \"I don't understand what's wrong with that…\" Goosey clapped happily as she heard those words. She then hugged Abby, who did the same to her in return. Foxy Lox's Electro-Cardiogram went beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep… Then the dog journalist turned to face the camera. \"You've heard it, ladies and gentlemen! Abby Mallard, 13 year old, and Goosey Loosey, 13 year old, are now BEST FRIENDS! We'll bring you more detailed news tonight, on…! A flower pot was then thrown at the TV, smashing it. After disconnecting herself from that annoying Electro-Cardiogram, Foxy found herself gasping for air, filled with rage. Her face was redder than usual, her eyes were bloodshot and her fists were clenched. What she had felt when Chicken Little stole the triumph she had worked so hard to get, during the Baseball Championship from one year and a half ago, was nothing compared to what was flooding her spirit now. \"That brainless goose… how could she… how could she betray me like… like this… for that… THAT FEATHERED MANURE!\" She remained there, gasping, trying to recover herself from that shock. She had to make things straight… ………….. That evening, in the Loosey Family home, the phone ringed for almost twenty minutes before Goosey could figure out how to answer it. She honked happily, thinking it was her new best friend. And she honked happily again when she realized it was her old best friend. Goosey wondered whether she had already recovered. \"Listen, you idiotic piece of garbage. I want you to prove your loyalty. I'll get out of the hospital in a few days, and I want you to prepare everything for... well, you know what already. And if the video camera doesn't have a fully-charged battery this time, you're doomed. Buried. Finished. Six feet under. Did you understand, you piece of CsENhSOiREDt? \" Goosey honked happily. Her old best friend had really recovered! TO BE CONTINUED… Be prepared for something nasty in Chapter 4 ! Nothing explicit or traumatic, don't worry too much either… ","Summary":" Wow. I never thought I'd submit another Fanfic in this site. Well, here it goes… I hope you like it"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Somos una abstracción matematica","Author":"Ambar V","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9547013","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Somos una abstracción matemática No sabía cómo es que había terminado aquí, sentada un día más en esa butaca tan incómoda poniendo atención a lo que su profesor trataba con tanto entusiasmo que sus alumnos aprendieran, sin embargo a cada minuto que pasaba menos podía entender de qué hablaba. Días como este se decía que este no era su lugar, toda su vida pensó que su guitarra y esa alma bohemia serían las únicas que necesitaría para servir la comida en su mesa pero unos meses atrás pensó que debía hacer algo diferente de su vida, hasta este momento no sabía que la había impulsado a seguir con sus estudios… a quien quería engañar claro que conocía la razón de estar calentando esa banca, desde que Pia decidió retomar sus estudios no quiso quedarse atrás y también ella lo hizo. Y ahora está en la universidad estudiando algo que no le encuentra ni pies ni cabeza, porque no mejor decidió estudiar música eso si se le da de maravilla, que quería demostrar con esto, ¿Qué no era tan inútil como pensaban? o que podía hacer algo más que solo tocar la guitarra. -Entienden, a esto se le conoce como abstracción matemática-señalaba el profesor el pizarrón mostrando una suma-estas dos variables sabemos que existen en el sistema y no podemos medirlas pero sabemos que su suma da una estructura cristalina. -Entonces, si no podemos medirlas ¿cómo sabemos que existen? Valentina sabía que en este punto de la clase el profesor se desesperaría al ver que sus alumnos son muy tontos o no le prestan atención, para su suerte este era el momento en que su fastidiado profesor los dejaría salir y tendría unos minutos para ella y su fiel acompañante su guitarra. Nunca esperaría ver a la razón de sus desvelos constantes afuera buscándola para tener un tiempo de calidad, claro como amigas únicamente. -Hola Valen- la abraza Pia haciendo malabares con su mochila y la caja de pizza. -….. Pia. -Creo que te comió la lengua el ratón-se separa regalándole una hermosa sonrisa-creo que por la cara que traes no te caería nada mal un poco de esto. Sonríe la pelirroja y asiente, yéndose a una banca lo más alejada de los alumnos que les pueda dar un poco de intimidad. Este al parecer era algo fuera de lo normal, Valentina se sentía como pez fuera del agua en un lugar del cual no entendía nada, ni la razón de su decisión sin embargo si entendía que su cuerpo al estar tan cerca de su amiga se comportaba diferente, sus manos temblaban aunque a simple vista fuera imperceptible, sudaba con más intensidad a pesar de que el día se encontraba un poco nublado y su voz, era lo que más notaba ya que le costaba que saliera de su garganta y no fueran solo gruñidos o que su lengua no se enredara y empezara a decir cosas incoherentes como le había pasado en los últimos meses. Era una fuerza que no podía describir que le era difícil de precisar de dónde provenía, muy en su interior sabía que a todo eso podía llamarle nervios al estar cerca de ella pero una parte de ella la cual quería negarlo todo. -Hoy estas más callada de lo común, te pasa algo Esa voz, no podría mencionar cuantas melodías había inspirado hasta ahora y sabía no se detendrían ahí. -No estoy bien-le sonríe comiendo un pedazo de piza-gracias moría de hambre. -Vamos Vale puedes confiar en mi lo sabes, y sé que algo te pasa te conozco. De donde provenía esa fuerza que la había golpeado tan estrepitosamente a la cara dejándola tan aturdida. ¿Era posible eso?, que la conociera tan bien que intuyera de tal manera que le negaba la verdad a pesar de que había aprendido tan bien a mentir. -Me sorprendiste mucho mi Vale- la mente de la pelirroja no podía creer lo que había escuchado, era \"su\"-cuando decidiste seguir estudiando y no fuera en relación con la música. -Tú tampoco crees que pueda. No era una pregunta, era una afirmación de los que muchas otras personas ya le dijeron, todas esas personas que creen es una inútil que no puede hacer nada mejor que tocar esa estúpida guitarra que no puede ni dejar para dormir. -No, no es eso disculpa sé que puedes lograrlo pero fue una decisión que no esperaba. Con cualquier otra persona podría haber dicho que le estaba mintiendo que solo lo decía para hacerla sentir bien y no seguir alimentando su mal trecha autoestima, porque sin duda alguna de Valientina no tenía nada, sin embargo era Pia la que lo decía un alma pura e inocente que no sería capaz de dañar a nadie y mucho menos a ella, tal vez estas eran las únicas palabras de aliento que necesitaría para no sentirse un pez fuera del agua. -Ni yo la esperaba, pero debo irme ya empezara mi siguiente clase. -Está bien, ¿es tu ultima clase cierto?-solo asiente-te espero. Sin un comentario más Valentina se dirigió a su salón, dentro solo estaban unas compañeras, como es su costumbre se sentó en el lugar más alejado pero no servía de nada, seguía escuchando la conversación al parecer una de ellas estaba enamorada pero lo negaba rotundamente. En su mente visualizo una pequeña ecuación según sus compañeras y lo que entendió de su conversación. Nervios + emoción de ver a esa persona + quedarse sin habla + mariposas = enamorado Vamos eso no podía ser cierto, no era verdad esas eran choradas de las revistas que leían las estúpidas como sus compañeras, ninguno de esos \"síntomas\" de enamoramiento eran reales, en ella no aplicaban no estaba enamorada de su amiga de eso estaba segura. Era Pia su amiga que a pesar de lo que vivieron hace unos meses seguía con ella confiando, queriéndola y apoyándola hasta en las más locas decisiones que tomaba. El salón se llenaba lentamente y los alumnos se sentaban enfrente de Valentina sin hacerle mucho caso, a pesar de que los años pasaban nada cambiaba seguía sin ser la popular o una persona más abierta a hacer amistades, no era por hacerse la interesante simplemente no encajaba con ellos, solo dos personas la entendían y la única que seguía con ella la esperaba afuera del salón. El profesor va entrando con su montón de libros como es costumbre, Valentina sin dudarlo saca su libreta es una de las clases en las que si se pierde un solo movimiento de la muñeca de ese viejo profesor sabía perfectamente que durante una semana no entendería los cálculos ni porque de repente aparecía una nueva x o una y en su ecuación. Desde que se sentó no se había percatado que en su butaca estaba escrito muy bien remarcado. Tu + Yo = 3 Se rio por la ironía de la vida, varios de sus compañeros voltearon a verla al no entender su diversión, aquel pequeño garabato había servido para distraerla por completo de la clase debido a que sus pensamientos se centraron en la pelinegra la cual le causaba tantos desvelos en su relación y lo que realmente sentía por ella por más que negara las cosas sabia en el fondo que no podía seguir así o ¿sí? La clase termino sin anotar nada en absoluto, guardo sus cosas se colgó la mochila al hombro y salió del aula corriendo dejando atrás la banca donde antes se encontraba sentada en la cual demostraba su actual pensar. Tu + Yo = ¿? Continuara… Hola yo otra vez aquí sigo viva y coleando solo que la escuela últimamente me absorbe mucho así que se lleva por completo mi inspiración para escribir y en algunas ocasiones me da ideas para historias como esta, debido a que estudió ingeniería en materiales usan términos medio raros y extraños que luego mi mente empieza a elaborar una historia y aunque no la termino luego luego ahí se queda. Sin más espero les haya gustado y les interese si dejan reviews prometo que actualizare pronto tanto esta historia como la de un demonio llamado amor.[Chapter 2] Hola regrese espero les guste el desenlace de esta historia. Somos una abstracción matemática. La esperaba en una banca sentada cerca de su salón, al parecer estaba concentrada con algo porque no apartaba la vista de esa libreta. Algo que le gustaba de Pia cuando se encontraba así era que por más que uno le hablara jamás le prestaría atención, de esta manera podía quedarse viéndola un rato y observar con diversión como sacaba la lengua moviéndola de uno a otro lado como si ese acto la ayudara un poco con la tarea que estaba haciendo, a pesar de que ella lo negaba por completo muchas veces en casa de Maca la vio haciendo lo mismo y por más que le hablaba ni la pelaba hasta mucho tiempo después. -¿Pia?- la nombrada volteo a ver a Valentina con una sonrisa que la deja embobada. -Valen ¿estás bien? Por supuesto que estaba bien, después de que le regalara una hermosa tarde juntas y bueno ni que decir de esa sonrisa encantadora que le confería un aspecto tan tierno, se veía hermosa y tenía mucho tiempo que no le veía así de contenta y que además lo irradiara de esa manera que le era imposible apartar la mirada o inclusive de que fuera capaz de formar alguna silaba coherente para contestarle a su pregunta, posiblemente olvido como hablar en ese momento y aun así seguía indecisa de lo que su corazón le gritaba negándose por completo a creer que estaba perdidamente enamorada de aquella pelinegra. Regreso a la realidad hasta que una mano delicadamente se posó sobre su frente logrando que se pusiera roja y se tensara su cuerpo al notar tan cálida caricia, rogando porque su acompañante no notara. -No tienes calentura ¿Segura que estas bien? -Siestoybien-las palabras salieron atropelladamente de su boca, regañándose de inmediato porque solo delataba su nerviosismo por estar tan cerca, porque su lado racional pedía que se alejara de inmediato y pusiera un mundo de por medio, un espacio que la dejara pensar nuevamente con claridad, pero su corazón al contrario ordenaba frenéticamente que se acercara más que se permitiera volver a sentir esos labios que tanto extrañaba y que no reconocía. El comportamiento de Valentina era algo extraño muy distinto a lo que conocía Pia, no pasó desapercibido claro esta y como no lo haría si esa no era su Valen, si a veces solía ser un poco torpe pero no a ese grado hasta podía decir que parecía colegiala enamorada… \"Ella no está enamorada de mí. ¿Estará enamorada? No, no puede ser eso o será que alguien le gusta de sus compañeros\"-se preguntaba Pia un poco triste al darse cuenta que tal vez esto de verdad sea su separación definitiva. Valentina se ofreció a acompañarla hasta su casa puesto que la noche no tardaría en apoderarse del cielo que cubría a la ciudad, preocupándose por la seguridad de su \"amiga\" acto que le devolvió un poco de felicidad a Pia puesto que lo galante no lo perdía por nada. Todo el camino fue en silencio completo absortas en sus pensamientos que a pesar de ser muy distintos entre sí tenían el mismo destino y que para su mala suerte no deseaban compartirlos, tenían dudas que la otra podría responder pero que su orgullo no les dejaba formular, si solo una se decidiera a dar el primer paso. Solo se oían sus respiraciones acompasadas a sus pasos, en un principio cualquiera que las viera desde fuera diría que es un silencio muy incómodo, ellas pensaban algo muy distinto puesto que la compañía que se ofrecían iba mucho más allá de las risas o las largas platicas, en algunas ocasiones solo bastan los silencios donde las palabras salían sobrando para comunicarse. Los días habían pasado desde ese encuentro, Pia no había vuelto a visitar a la pelirroja en la universidad ni una llamada o un mensaje que le deseara un buen día o que le anunciara que podría suceder un milagro y se volvieran a encontrar. No saber nada de la pelinegra se volvía en una tortura que con cada día que pasaba se volvía mayor empezando a creer que no lo soportaría mucho tiempo. Ella seguía entrando a sus clases, tratando de poner atención y aprender todos esos conceptos tan extraños que le comentaban los profesores los cuales insistían constantemente que estos serían la base de sus próximos cinco años de estudio sobretodo en una carrera como esa, y si no entendían desde el principio lo básico no podrían con los cursos avanzados. Todos los días, sobre todo cuando les daban estos sermones no entendía su elección por estudiar una ingeniería si era más que obvio que la música era su vida y la mejor opción, podría evitarse todo este martirio. Resignada seguía prestando atención, hasta que la clase se había vuelto tan tediosa que prefería ponerse a escribir pedazos de canciones en el pupitre, acto que la hizo encontrarse con el garabato que antes había escrito y concentrarse en los signos de interrogación, preguntándose que significaba Pia en su vida, ¿la quería a su lado como algo más que una amiga?, o ¿era solo eso una amiga a la que le tenía bastante aprecio? ¿Cómo podría responder a sus dudas? ¿Cómo lo habían hecho todos esos físicos que ahora estudiaba? Porque antes de ser teorías aceptadas y estudiadas desde entonces se preguntaron que era ese fenómeno extraño que pasaba a su alrededor e ideaban formas de medirlo o simplemente de manera espontánea su mente imaginaba las cosas simplemente que sorprendentemente era correcto. Tenía que hacer algo ya para despejarse de todas esas dudas y lo primero en la lista era ir a buscar a Pia, como dicen si la montaña no va a Mahoma, Mahoma va a la montaña. No entraría a su siguiente clase e iría a la preparatoria en la que estudiaba su amiga no estaba muy lejos de ahí así que solo le tomaría unos minutos llegar los que aprovecharía para pensar lo que le diría al verla, posiblemente practicar un poco… no eso estaba de mas no iba para confesársele solo era una visita como amigas, solo quería verla un rato platicar reírse y con suerte encontrar una que otra respuesta en medio de todo eso. Se encontraba tan absorta en su decisión de ir a verla que no considero la posibilidad que ahora se presentaba frente a sus ojos, que tonta había sido porque no se le ocurrió antes, era más que obvio Pia no iba a visitarla ni le hablaba porque había alguien más. Ambas se encontraban animadamente platicando, riendo y esa desconocida cada vez se acercaba más a la pelinegra (a su parecer), este era el peor escenario uno que no se imaginó que podía pasar por extraño y egoísta que suene esperaba encontrarla sola como si la estuviera esperando. Se sentía paralizada en la puerta no podía avanzar ni un paso más, los músculos del cuerpo estaban rígidos un calor distinto sentía que se distribuía hacia todo su cuerpo desde el pecho, en un principio era enojo, que rápidamente paso a ser frustración por no saber que hacer para llamar la atención de Pia y dejara a esa ahí y fuera con ella, pero realmente lo que sentía era tristeza tanto tardo en venir a verla que ahora era inútil averiguar sus sentimientos. Sin pensarlo dos veces regreso el camino andado, sería una pérdida de tiempo quedarse ahí esperando a que la pelinegra le prestara atención, se supone que debería estar feliz por ella, está conociendo nuevas personas, formando nuevas amistades… porque tenía derecho a tener más amigos no tenía un contrato de exclusividad, lo sabía muy bien pero no por eso hacía que doliera menos y ¿si le gustaba? La pelirroja trataba de convencerse de que no le dolía en lo absoluto pues según esto debería serle un alivio después de todo no le correspondía, se daba mil argumentos para decidir olvidar a Pia, estando tan ajena a lo demás que no se percató que llevaba varias calles persiguiéndola la susodicha que la llamaba a gritos sin resultado alguno. Ahora estaba segura eso era a lo que debían llamar celos, que no se pueden explicar o medir hasta que no se experimentan. -Valentina-la alcanzo después de pegar una carrera de media calle, poso una mano sobre su hombro para voltearla y quedaran frente a frente. La pelirroja se encontraba sorprendida estaba frente a ella, pero como era posible eso estaba segura que no la había visto irse de la escuela, una olea de algo similar a la felicidad le recorrió por todo el cuerpo, su corazón palpitaba con mayor fuerza y una sonrisa involuntaria se coló por sus labios. -¿Valen estas bien? Estaba todo claro, entendía el concepto que el profesor intento explicarles por casi una hora sin éxito cuando era tan sencillo. -Si-le respondió tomando su rostro firme con ambas manos, ya no había duda solo respuestas no necesitaba decir nada mas solo le bastaba una cosa: ese beso que ambas anhelaban se volviera a dar. Eran un postulado. El amor era el fenómeno que necesitaba observar para poder explicarlo pero nunca podría haberlo hecho solo con las definiciones del diccionario, tenía que experimentarlo para poder entenderlo como lo había hecho este día pasar desde los celos hasta la felicidad de verla y la euforia incontenible al besarla. Tal vez no sería una científica reconocida pero había deducido SU postulado: Tu + Yo = 3, el cual se explicaba como a la interacción entre ambas generaban una fuerza llamada amor. .-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-. Por fin logre terminar este extraño fic que a pesar de todo me encanto espero que a ustedes también y no l s haya enredado, espero sus comentarios/críticas para saber que les pareció. Por ultimo les voy a explicar que es un postulado porque de hecho fue la idea que me ayudo a seguir con la historia, la diferencia entre una teoría y un postulado en física es que el postulado no cuenta con una conjetura (operación) matemática que lo valide, pero si se puede validar por una parte experimental. Y como el Tu + Yo es una abstracción matemática (es decir algo que no se puede medir) al final no es conjetura matemática valida. Es cuestión de ejemplificar cosas que no son posibles de explicar o que el ser humano pueda imaginar cuando no conoce un fenómeno parecido por decirlo de alguna manera. Am am espero me hayan entendido porque creo que yo no me entendí n.n nos leemos pronto. ","Summary":" Somos una abstracción matemática No sabía cómo es que había terminado aquí, sentada un día más en e"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"te quiero solo a ti","Author":"elismax18a","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9325372","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tus besos me provocan Adela parpadeo un par de veces acurrucada sobre un largo sofá de cuero en forma de L, un bostezo se colgó de sus labios y al estirarse la luz de la mesilla de la esquinera realzo su reflejo. ''deberías estar en la cama Adela '' el reproche muy familiar pero dulce que tanto deseaba escuchar se había manifestado. ''ya sabes que no hago caso'' replico ella levantándose del asiento para mirar un sonriente y siempre cálido Ignacio de brazos cruzados en el pecho, ella se movió hacia él y este la rodeo con sus brazos pegándola a su cuerpo. ''yo también te eché de menos'' dijo el con ironía, el conocía bien a Adela y sabia que reconocer sus sentimientos no era su fuerte, ella lo miro con una sonrisa traviesa y lo beso rápidamente en los labios para luego hacer un puchero mientras él, la mecía entre sus brazos. '' ¿hablaste con el senador?'' Ignacio resoplo ante su pregunta y ella se separo del '' ¿qué pasa? nachito..'' él le tomo el rostro entre las manos con ternura. Se besaron despacio, saboreándose el uno al otro sabiendo que tenían tiempo, mucho tiempo. El mundo se había desvanecido a su alrededor. Sus labios se movían unos contra otros, abriéndose, cerrándose, sus lenguas buscándose, gustándose. Pronto se fue elevando el tono de los besos, de sus caricias. El contacto de sus cuerpos era eléctrico. Adela aferro sus manos en la cabellera su nachito intensificando el beso, sus besos eran el mejor majar que existía y era solo para ella, se separaron cada uno con una sonrisa en sus labios respirando entrecortados. ''eso es jugar sucio'' dijo ella golpeándolo en el hombro para salir corriendo consiente que él iba tras ella[Chapter 2] Tus besos me provocan Adela parpadeo un par de veces acurrucada sobre un largo sofá de cuero en forma de L, un bostezo se colgó de sus labios y al estirarse la luz de la mesilla de la esquinera realzo su reflejo. ''deberías estar en la cama Adela '' el reproche muy familiar pero dulce que tanto deseaba escuchar se había manifestado. ''ya sabes que no hago caso'' replico ella levantándose del asiento para mirar un sonriente y siempre cálido Ignacio de brazos cruzados en el pecho, ella se movió hacia él y este la rodeo con sus brazos pegándola a su cuerpo. ''yo también te eché de menos'' dijo el con ironía, el conocía bien a Adela y sabia que reconocer sus sentimientos no era su fuerte, ella lo miro con una sonrisa traviesa y lo beso rápidamente en los labios para luego hacer un puchero mientras él, la mecía entre sus brazos. '' ¿hablaste con el senador?'' Ignacio resoplo ante su pregunta y ella se separo del '' ¿qué pasa? nachito..'' él le tomo el rostro entre las manos con ternura. Se besaron despacio, saboreándose el uno al otro sabiendo que tenían tiempo, mucho tiempo. El mundo se había desvanecido a su alrededor. Sus labios se movían unos contra otros, abriéndose, cerrándose, sus lenguas buscándose, gustándose. Pronto se fue elevando el tono de los besos, de sus caricias. El contacto de sus cuerpos era eléctrico. Adela aferro sus manos en la cabellera su nachito intensificando el beso, sus besos eran el mejor majar que existía y era solo para ella, se separaron cada uno con una sonrisa en sus labios respirando entrecortados. ''eso es jugar sucio'' dijo ella golpeándolo en el hombro para salir corriendo consiente que él iba tras ella ","Summary":" Tus besos me provocan Adela parpadeo un par de veces acurrucada sobre un largo sofá de cuero en for"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"mas que sexo","Author":"elismax18a","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9325403","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mientras entraban al granero Ignacio mirándole a sus orbes avellanos, le decía: \"Por qué no me has llamado, he pasado toda la mañana preocupado e intrigado por tu mensaje de anoche\" camina hacia una de las columnas apoyando a Adela en ella. Adela mirándole a sus ojos, le responde: \"Porque he tenido a Maca pegada como a una sombra\" coloca su rostro entre sus manos, le sonríe \"tengo buenas noticias\" le besa en una mejilla \"regreso a Nueva york… voy a estudiar , el senador me lo dijo anoche\" Ignacio sonríe, le da un pequeño beso en sus labios y le dice: \"Es la mejor noticia que he escuchado\" le besa de nuevo con la misma pasión de afuera, Adela le corresponde, aprieta su cuerpo contra el suyo, empieza a frotar su miembro contra el suyo moviéndose suavemente, continúan así unos minutos separan sus bocas recobrando el aliento, Adela le empuja para bajarse de sus brazos, Ignacio frunce el ceño y no le suelta diciéndole: \"¡Vamos Adela! ¿Qué te pasa?\" Adela comienza a forcejear, le dice: \"No me pasa nada \"Ignacio le suelta \"alguien puede venir\" Ignacio le da la espalda camina unos pasos y mira hacia afuera, algo enojado, le dice: \"Tienes razón\" se cruza de brazos \"es mejor que me vaya\" Adela se acerca a él rodea su cuerpo con sus finos brazos, le da un besito en su espalda, reposa su barbilla, mirándole la nuca le dice: \"Entiende, después de enterarme que Ic y compañía andan detrás de mí, es mejor mantener bajo perfil \"Ignacio se da la vuelta hacia ella sin salir de su abrazo \"no quiero lastimar a nadie y me preocupa que te descubran por mi culpa\" se entristece \"sin pensar que haría mi padre\" sentía miedo. Ignacio le abraza de la misma manera, le mira su triste rostro, le dice: Nachito ya lo hemos hablado, nada malo me pasará si se enteran, tu papa tendrá que aceptar que soy parte de éste mundo y lo que tu significas en mi vida\" Adela separándose de él da unos pasos, le dice: \"Eso es lo que me da miedo Adela, no conoces a mi papa él es capaz de..\" suspira \"he perdido a las personas que son importantes para mí\" le da la espalda, sus ojos se llenan de lágrimas \"no quisiera perderte a ti también\" vuelve a darle la cara, se acerca a él, le toma el rostro con sus manos, enfrentándose a su mirada. Una sonrisa se escapo de los labios de Adela y esta le robo un fugaz beso. Pegando su frente con la del. el lentamente inclina su rostro hacia el suyo en busca de sus labios, la chica acerca su rostro al suyo para estrellar sus labios contra los suyos fundiéndose en un beso apasionado, sus bocas comienzan un baile sensual donde sus lenguas luchan por dominar a la otra; Nacho degustaba sus carnosos labios como si fueran un apetecible manjar, succionándolos placenteramente; Adela gozaba de los suyos de la misma forma que él, rodea su cintura con sus brazos empujándole contra su cuerpo, Nacho le abraza de la misma manera, camina poco a poco hasta apoyarla en una pared, desliza la parte inferior de su cuerpo al ras del suyo, deja rodar sus manos hasta su trasero masajeándole sus pompis.[Chapter 2] a tientas busca el borde de su franela, levantándole despacio dejando caer sus manos en la desnudez de su espalda, comienza acariciarle con la punta de sus dedos de arriba hacia abajo suavemente, lo que hizo que la piel de Nacho se erizará y se estremeciera cada fibra de su cuerpo; continuaban besándose resistiéndose a separar sus labios, pero la falta de oxigeno les obligo, mientras recobraban el aliento; Clark miraba sus orbes avellanos preguntándole algo; Adela enfrentándose a su lujuriosa mirada, asiente con la cabeza, inmediatamente Nacho la levanta en sus brazos al estilo damisela y sube a súper velocidad a su desván, sentados en el diván. Nacho con Adela sentada en su regazo comenzó a detallarle su sexy atuendo; una franelilla blanca de algodón, que dejaban al descubierto sus sensuales y suaves hombros, ajustada en sus bien proporcionados y redondos senos, por último unos viejos shorts de jeans poniendo al desnudo sus largas y esbeltas piernas, posa una mano sobre una de sus rodillas deslizándola ascendentemente pasando por su vientre hasta llegar al borde de su camiseta metiendo su mano debajo de ella la deja rodar hasta encontrarse con sus redondeados montículos amasándoles con ansias; con la otra acariciaba su espalda mirándole con deseo; Adela se sentía en la gloria con sus caricias sobre su cuerpo, le miraba intensamente mordiendo su labio inferior con cada toque de Nacho en ella, posa sus manos sobre sus hombros, comienza a arremangar su camiseta con sus uñas poco a poco para retírala; Nacho deja lo que estaba haciendo levanta sus brazos para que Adela le quite la prenda, la hija del senador lo despoja de sus vestidura lanzándola al piso. ''Adela'' un grito los paraliza en seco ''no puede ser'' murmura Adela con los ojos apretados ''ve'' ","Summary":" Mientras entraban al granero Ignacio mirándole a sus orbes avellanos, le decía: \"Por qué no me has"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"The Very Worst Fanfic In The World","Author":"Fell Shirtler","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3040944","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DISCLAIMER: I do not own Chicken Little or any of the characters apart from a few space-fillers such as Nat Cat and this stupid story. REQUEST Please tell me where I can sign up for the Bad Writers competition. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ One lunchtime in the hallways of Oakey Oaks Secondary School, Foxy Loxy waltzed over to her gigantic group of fairweather friends. \"Hey! You know that loser over there is having a sleepover? Let's crash it!\" Goosey refused to even give eye contact to her friend. Claire Bear just stood there speechless. \"Aw, come on! It'll be soooo fun! We could scare everyone, put tacks on his bed...\" \"Lookie here! 'He is so cute. I want to pick him up and squeeze him and - Well, do other stuff. I hope they don't call him Chicken 'Little' for a reason...' \" Nat Cat giggled. \"Wait, and there's more! - Just wait until I can translate this, so many spelling errors!\" Foxy listened curiously to what Nat was saying, then realised that she was reading from a book. \"You got the ugly duckling's diary? You rule!\" \"Well, actually... Yes, it is a diary, but it's not hers...\" \"Who else'd like that Chicken Loser anyway?\" \"Good question. Here's the answer, Foxy!\" Nat Cat snorted, showing Foxy the cover of the diary. Written in kindergartener-esque handwriting on it was Foxy Loxy's Diary. Private. DO NOT READ . Claire dry-retched, \"Eww! Foxy! How could you?\" Goosey honked in agreement before the entire group abandoned Foxy, whispering unkind remarks to each other. The embarrassed fox blushed so hard it seemed as if her face going to explode right there in the hallway and make a very unpleasant job for the janitor. \"Uhhh... Guys! Wait up! Someone must've written in my diary!\" She projected her voice significantly more than usual, though this didn't make the group turn around. In fact, the result was quite the opposite. Lenny Leopard did come back to her however, yet only to harshly tell her to shut up before leaving her once more. She was just about to deck him when the buzzer rang for class. TIME WARP The gym teacher blew his whistle. \"Alright, children! Be quiet! Now today we are playing Football! Again, Popular VS Unpopular!\" Runt slapped his forehead as the students separated into their teams. \"Not again...\" The still blushing Foxy found the confidence to strut her way back to the popular side only to be confronted by the others. \"Get out.\" Nat hissed, her electric green eyes narrowed into slits. The rest of the gang glared at their ex-member. \"Nat! YOU get on the other team!\" Foxy snapped. \"I'm prettier, smarter and better than you. You should be called Foxy Moron... You are a fox, an oxymoron and a moron. You see, your name describes you as sexy and cunning, but really you're ugly, dumb and you can't come up with a good insult. So therefore you should join the unpopulars who are also ugly, dumb and cannot come up with a good insult.\" Nat smirked as Foxy just stared at her blankly for a full ten seconds before finally saying something. \"Uhh... I call Chicken Little a loser, but I should save that for you.\" Nat Cat gave a slight giggle. \"Foxy Moron, I've won every debating competition I've entered and even Furthertown Boys High is afraid of my skills. If I were to talk to the teacher about this, you would surely be put on detention for incompetence.\" Foxy strained her exceedingly tiny-in-comparison-to-her-body brain thinking this through until she was pushed over to the unpopulars by Nat. Chicken Little gave her a strange look, before whispering to his friends, \"Hey, what is Foxy doing on our team?\" \"Standing there... I guess...\" Runt responded, sounding a bit uneasy. The ugly duckling gave a shrug. \"I don't know, but did you see how they looked as if they no longer accepted her? Social Swan said somewhere that popularity is all a big contest and whoever becomes queen bee often only remains so for a short period of time...\" Foxy quickly gave Little the one-finger salute, he then returned the favour. Runt Of The Litter's eyes were fixated on the vulpine's backside. \"Wow... I never knew she had such a nice...\" \"Runt!\" Abby scolded. \"What? Just because her personality and hair colour are back to normal doesn't mean...\" \"Stop staring at my butt - you pig !\" Foxy screeched at Runt, who backed away slowly. \"Glub.\" Fish Out Of Water had spaced out for a few minutes and had no idea what was going on. When he finally noticed Foxy on the team, he did a terrible impression of a heart-attack. The rest of the group gave small chuckles as Fish got back up, but Foxy Loxy didn't seem all that pleased. The PE teacher blew the whistle. \"The game starts NOW!\" The first player to kick the ball was Diesel Weasel. The strength in which he kicked caused the ball to smack right into the wall and bounce right back at his feet, he then passed to Goosey. Goosey Loosey was an expert at this - She kicked the ball right through Runt's legs and into the unpopular's goal. This was when Foxy grew aggressive. Although she made a vow not to be kind to any of her four team-mates, she hated to see herself lose - no matter which side she was on. She began trailing the ball through the crowds of her ex-friends toward their goal when she was violently tackled by Wonkey Donkey and Sunny Bunny simultaneously. Being the skilled athlete she was, she managed to regain her balance and -she hated to do this to her best friend, but she really didn't care anymore- knock out Goosey before she could manage to kick another goal. Mr Bear blew his whistle once more. \"Stop!\" He walked over to Goosey's unconscious body, shook her slightly, and then gave Foxy a look of anger when she didn't respond. \"Foxy Loxy... Principal's office! THIS INSTANT!\" The office was small and painted with bright yellow wallpaper. A poster of a cheerful yellow smiley hung behind the principal's desk. Foxy took a seat, then looked up expecting to see Principal Fetchit's big brown eyes looking down at her, but instead saw the frowning, wrinkled face of a goofy-looking giant bird who later turned out to bethe not-so-kind replacement. She opened her mouth to say something, but the principal spoke before she had the chance. \"Well, well, well... If it isn't the town's shining star FOXY LOXY... Old Fetchit was very fond of you, I heard. It seems you have been misbehaving now, what did you do?\" She decided this was the correct time to crank up the charm. \"I knocked out Goosey, sir. But it was an accident! We were playing soccer and our heads collided! Oh, I feel terrible about this... I'm soooo sorry!\" \"Don't apologize to me! Apologize to the poor girl you injured when she awakens! Do you know how many times Mr Fetchit has let you off for attacking another student completely due to your species?\" Foxy began to realize the old charm-trick which worked so well on the former principal wasn't going to soften this old crank up. \"Just as not to waste any time on another occasion, I've seen your academic records and it is unacceptable for a girl your age to be performing at such a low academic level. You don't want a third year of eighth grade, don't you? If this continues, you're going to be married with two children before you finish highschool! No wonder you were exiled from Tulip Beach... What school would want to keep a girl like you for over three years?\" She had began to sweat slightly, her heart beating at a higher rate than a fly's batting wings. Although Foxy may have been a real meanie around her younger classmates, she didn't stand a chance against authority figures. They had power, she didn't. Yet, the cold-hearted school administrator continued his speech on her stupidity. \"Do you know you were ushered into sports training rather than allowing you to join the debate team, young lady?\" He received no answer from his nervous student, who now had her right thumb in her mouth. Mr Ostrich then gave a sigh. \"It seems you're too stupid to even process that! And get your thumb out of your mouth. That is extremely childish behaviour. You should indeed be in kindergarten the way you carry on like that!\" Her tough exterior had already cracked. Her mind was like a mental volcano erupting in a violent explosion of emotions. \"Look! This (shot)house school wouldn't look so damned good if I didn't win all those Baseball tournaments for it! I'm the 'HERO OF OAKEY (fork)ING OAKS' aren't I?\" She growled, bearing her sharp, braced teeth in a threatening way towards the old man, her claws digging into the dark redwood of the desk. The new principal just gave a small laugh. \"You do have a strange view of the world, young lady. You just happened to be flavor of the year; that is reality, sorry to say. Remember, nothing lasts forever, and it'll be a matter of time until you fade into obscurity once more...\"[Chapter 2] As a reminder, this fanfic has nothing to do with anything sexual apart from a bit of coarse language and slightly suggestive themes. This is when it really starts to go weird, sorry if it's a little choppy and took too long - I was busy with homework and was having terrible writer's block until I started reading about the Black Dahlia murder. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- CHAPTER 2 - When It Starts To Get Weird. \"I miss Fetchit! Why does he have to be replaced with that piece of crap Ostrich? Don't get me started on those worthless piles of (shirt) I used to call my friends!\" Foxy moaned. Goosey wondered why she was even on the phone at this time. She was sick of listening to her ... err... 'Friend' whinge and whine over the phone at 3:00am. The nerve of the girl! First she knocks her out, doesn't apologize and then she expects her to listen to her PMS-ing nonsense way past their bedtime. \"And you better kick that stupid cat out of the group! She needs to go, and you need to get my diary back from her, understand? Or are you on her side now? If you are, I'm going to kill you and skin you and roast you on a-\" Goosey finally cracked and hung up. The phone rang once more. Just in case it wasn't Foxy, she picked up again. \"You hung up on me! I hate you! How dare-\" Click! Goosey unplugged the phone line then tried to bring herself back to sleep. It had only been a day since she had lost her false popularity and Foxy was already growing depressed. Rage built up inside her system - She needed revenge. She had considered trying to obtain Nat's diary, although it was clear that she didn't keep one. Foxy sat alone before school started; outside the library where she plotted her way of removing Nat's popularity the way she took Chicken Little's place in the social crowd - humiliation. Abby noticed the fox's chunky figure on its own in the open. She gathered up the courage to approach the ex-queen-bee. \"Hi Foxy...\" Thoughts were running through her miniscule brain, she then realized that the 'losers' indeed had true friends - something she didn't. Not even the nastiest person had the nerve to try and make friends with her bullying victims, but Foxy responded to the duckling's greeting. \"Uhhhh... Abby? You're still a loser but... I'm sorry for hurting you all those times.\" And with that, she promptly walked off to find a quiet spot on her own. CL looked to Abby, confused. \"Abby... what were you thinking?\" \"I really think Foxy is returning to the person she was before the acorn incident... Maybe she'd be nice to us again.\" Abby realized how stupid she sounded, though Runt of the Litter her took what she said to heart. \"Yeah, I think the whole popularity thing got to her head…\" \"Glub.\" Fish out of water simply looked behind him, ogling a butterfly. \"Abby… Have you lost your mind! She's probably going to EAT us!\" CL shouted, shocked at what the ugly duckling had said. \"Eatcha? Tha three a y'all, maybe...\" A single-striped skunk placed her hands onto the shoulders of Abby and Fish, her tail wrapping around Chicken Little. Her turquoise eyes looked up at Runt of the Litter. \"As fo' YOU... She told me she was onnah diet... I don't think she'd be botha'd ta go through all ya fat...\". \"Leave us alone, Skunky!\" Runt shook his cloven hoof at the female skunk in front of him. \"Whoa man! I was only statin' that there ain't a chance that Foxy's gonna eatcha!\" Funky Skunky ceased all physical contact with the group, looking away from the pig's glare. Runt advanced further onto Funky, a crazed look in his dark brown eyes. Abby Mallard was quick to notice what was happening. \"Runt, please...\" \"Oh, ya wanna fight then? Yanno, it ain't fair... ya might fall onta me!\" The musteline's tail swished up and down while her right foot clawed against the ground, a warning sign of what was to come next. The swine was preparing to make the first strike when his opponent swiftly turned her hindquarters towards him, then spraying him with pungent liquid. \"I think thatsa improvement on how ya smell!\" She chuckled at her own joke before leaving the now terrible smelling pig and his friends alone. \"Gee… She's like Foxy with stink glands! – except she has a grudge against you and not me…\" Little commented on Funky's obnoxious behavior while covering his nostrils. Abby fanned her face. \"Sorry Runt, I read in New Scientist that no matter how often shower, only time will get rid of that stuff… Unless you have something like Stink Sherriff that shortens the lasting period to three days if used twice daily.\" Fish looked over to the others, feeling quite fortunate that he cannot breathe air. His attention quickly turned to a spot of dirt on the glass. After he finally managed to clean it off, the bell for first period rang. The first class that day was Personal Development with Mrs Shortbeak the toucan. \"Okay, children. Today we are learning about prescription drugs. Can any of you tell me what an analgesic is?\" A gray mongrel of a gecko wearing a shocking amount of makeup eagerly raised her hand. \"Yes, Greta?\" \"It's something you stick up your butt!\" The reptilian female answered, one-hundred-percent confidant her answer was right. The entire class burst into laughter, even the misfits couldn't hold in their giggles at the ignorant lizard's answer. \"Err, quite close...\" Mrs Shortbeak was blushing slightly. \"An analgesic is a pain-killer, like Panadol or Herron. Some analgesics are in fact suppositories, which are the pills you place in your rectal area.\" Runt of The Litter raised his hand. \"What is it you have to say, Runt?\" \"I had a suppository put in yesterday afternoon at the doctor's.\" \"Err.. That's... Nice to know... Now please take out your textbooks and turn to page 193...\" Foxy had managed to blend her sulky premonthly mood with her usual mean streak by now, leaning back to whisper into the enormous pig's ear, the fact she was holding her nose made her sound quite comical. \"Oh Runt, let me guess the doctor put BOTH his hands on your shoulders?\" Runt glared at the older student in front of him, until suddenly remembering the event was in fact how she had described it. Greta Gecko decided to butt into the conversation. \"Was it Doctor Crapper by any chance?\" \"CAP-per...\" Runt whispered back, harshly. \"Don't pick on me, Greta.\" \"Him? He has a reputation for sodomizing kids. Especially mammal boys who smell bad!\" Greta grinned, bearing her teeth to allow her to breathe through her mouth. Despite being a mere inch-and-a-half taller than Chicken Little, she often scared those around her. Mrs Shortbeak peered over her glasses at the whispering students. \"Please get back on task.\" Runt got back onto his work while Foxy got back onto doodling pictures of her killing Nat with a chainsaw in her exercise book. Greta simply leaned back and did what she did in every lesson she bothered to attend - absolutely nothing. Foxy leaned diagonally backward, practically breaking her back to reach Greta's desk. \"Greta, you're in class for once...\" \"Yeah, I was dragged into this by Claire. She told me Sex Ed was on.\" Greta eyed Foxy's position. \"Why didn't you just pass a note?\" \"Arg, Shaddup. That makes me feel dumber than you...\" Foxy grumbled at the scaly little wall-climber, returning to a more comfortable pose before tearing a piece of paper from her book. Nat Cat tapped on Chicken Little's shoulder. \"Psst. Pee-Wee… Look at this.\" She passed him Foxy's diary, opened to the page where she had written about her crush on him. CL thanked her, then read through the page in disbelief. \"That's disgusting… Abby… A relationship is all about honesty, and I'm being honest when I show you this.\" He passed the book to his girlfriend, who felt sick as she read each misspelled word of the page. \"That's shocking… I never thought she of all people would think such a thing…\" \"I know. I've always wanted to read Foxy's diary… so I can blackmail her with it… but I could have gone the rest of my life without knowing this disgusting piece of information.\" The tiny chicken was turning green, he felt as if he couldn't read any longer without regurgitating – he then realized it was only the smell of skunk spray which lingered around Runt which was causing him to feel nauseous. Nat smirked while trying to hide the fact she felt like she needed a bucket fast. She was quite proud of herself for snagging the place of queen bee and hoped that the diary would be passed around to everyone in the entire school. As the days went by, Foxy was humiliated further by the discovery of her personal information to the point she truanted entire schooldays. That Saturday, a 10-year-old puppy named Robert Howler found the dead body of poor Nat Cat. Robert called out in shock as soon as he realized what he had seen was real. Soon, the scene attracted a very large crowd. It was a horrifying sight - Her limbs, tail and torso had been separated from each other, the wounds sealed with wax. The face on her disembodied head, found around two feet away from what was left of her body was grotesquely mutilated, slashed from the corners of her lips to her temples, giving her the macabre grimace of a deranged clown. Her lime-green eyes, lids expertly sliced from her face, stared into the sky without seeing the crowd whom peered over her. \"Poor girl... I sure hope she died of something else before that bastard cut her up like that!\" \"...Or bitch. I heard about how she'd been reading out Foxy's diary. I think she tried to silence her.\" Myrtle Turtle's breathy, sugar-sweet voice was rarely heard, as she hardly spoke. After flicking her ash-blond side bang from her face in a failed emo hair-flip, she gently pushed it back onto her face with a stubby golden-brown flipper. \"Foxy is pretty stupid, but not stupid enough to leave the body in clear view. This is just like the Beth Shrew murder!\" CL exclaimed. \"Have you ever killed a spider and just LEFT it there as a warning? Cause I have, and that's what happened with Nat, I guess... There are probably more to come.\" Greta Gecko explained in her usual psuedo-intellectual techno babble. She hadn't screamed at the sight of Nat's corpse, as there were others around her. Runt of The Litter angrily stomped a hoof, his eyes fixated on the rejected ornamental reptile in front of him. \"How would you know, Greta? Perhaps you did it, didn't you, you cold-blooded killer!\" Abby sensed conflict brewing once more, and so gave a quick response as she did during the incident involving Funky. \"Don't jump to conclusions, please! Gret does actually have a point there... Someone wouldn't have gone to all that trouble of sealing the wounds and mutilating the face if they didn't want the body to be seen...\" \"Well most people think only an idiot would think the sky is falling! CL is not dumb! I still think Greta did it!\" Runt said this all pretty quickly and loudly, and then began to hyperventilate. \"I actually think it's a good chance Foxy did it... She just gets so jealous over nothing...\" The turtle stated the obvious, seeming unusually calm about the matter at hand. \"It'd sure explain why she hasn't been around to make my life hell for the last few days...\" Chicken Little responded to Myrtle's comment. Greta shook her head. \"I don't think Foxy did it, though... She's not evil. And for your information, Runt the C, I would be trying my best to frame someone like her if I did it!\" The surrounding animals grew quiet - so quiet, in fact that one could swear they could hear Greta's cranial nerve-endings mourning over her brain - as they did believe she had lost her mind since she used the last of her wit and charm to attract the popular crowd. \"Bubble Bubble GLARGH!\" Fish out of Water's eyes widened in an expression depicting a mood of disbelief. \"What is it, Fish?\" Abby asked, concerned. The orange goldfish pointed his fin towards a dragonfly – perhaps someone's pet - dressed in the usual attire of a burlesque queen. \"Fiiiish! Nat's been murdered and you're looking at some spoilt dragonfly! How… mean!\" Greta scolded Fish, who looked up at her, confused. Myrtle turned to leave, then looked back and gestured for the others to do the same. \"… Let's go, the police wouldn't want us clogging up the scene.\"[Chapter 3] I'venmade the story even weirder and unbelievable, but hey. I'mnnot teling of who killed Nat Cat, but I'll be dropping hintsnthroughout the next chapters, so be sure to voice your suspicions,nyou might be right. Sorry,nFire Angel Charm, if I got Taylor all wrong... I've never writtennsomeone else's OC before. ;; Inam also apologizing for the extremely short length and lack of actionnin this chapter. It's more of an 'explain the situation' thing. Oh,nand I notice that they do not mention the name 'Earth' in thenmovie... Sorry if I make anyone sick by mentioning the planetn'Mythica' in the galaxy 'Purple Glitter'(Sorry, I am in love withnMythology right now and I'll shape up when I find a new obsession). ---------------------------------------- \"Furtherninvestigation had been done on the murder of Nat Cat by officersnGecko and Guinea. Both have come to the conclusion that the murderernhad been a carnivorous animal, due to the nature of Miss Cat'snmutilation.\" Taylor,nan 11-year-old pink poodle almost choked on her coffee as she watchednthe news report. \"Did ya see that picture? That was GRAPHIC!\" FunkynSkunky nodded, giving a disgusted look. \"Well, at least theynain't givin' us tha sanitized version...\" \"Whatnkind of horrible person would do such a thing?!\" \"Indunno... Some sick perv wit no respect fo' women! ... Def'nately anman. No gal would evah do somethin' like that ta anothah gal and boysnjust don't usually go that far.\" Taylornignored Funky's theories on the killer's identity. \"Inthink I already know who did it! When one jerk kills another jerk- Incan tell Foxy did it!\" Funkynshook her head, blond ringlets slipped from the large hairclip shenwore atop her head. \"Foxy's a real bitch. Lit'rally. But she'llnnevah kill someone like those scary guys ya see in horror movies.\" Atnthat moment, a tiny fairy with a bag filled with near-microscopicnletters fluttered in through the window and onto the coffee table. \"QueennEvangel- Oh! Uhhh... Town, Country?\" She nervously asked,nstraightening her miniscule little yellow hat and brushing down herngreen dress. \"OakeynOaks, New Fairytopia?\" Funky raised an eyebrow at the smallnwoman. She leaned over and whispered to Taylor. \"I think we'renonta somethin'... We've gotta fairy here.\" \"Sorry...nI was looking for OLD Fairytopia!\" The tiny winged creaturenslapped her forehead with a dainty creamy-white hand. \"Fairytopianis a state in southern Fantasia. It's located between Draco andnPyromania\" Taylor kindly informed, secretly annoyed by thenmagical being's interruption. \"Oh,nI feel dumb.\" The fairy stuck out her cherry red lip in ancherubic pout. \"This is my first day as a messenger fairy... Indon't know how to navigate using the stars and I lost my GPSntracker.\" \"Can'tnfairies just use magic to find their way around?\" Taylor askednthe minor female deity, whose blue and purple compound eyes flickedntowards hers. \"Oh,nof course not! We can only use up so much of our magical power beforenwe have to refill. Much in the same way skunks only have enough musknfor a ceratin amount of sprays before having to wait ten days.nCommunicating with the dead uses up more power than anything else,nother than resurrection which requires at least one hundrednhigher-fairies with wands...\" \"Therengoes tha 'Ask Nat' idea...\" Funky sighed, holding her head innher hands, her hair now covered her face completely as she leanednforward. Taylornsuddenly came up with an idea. \"Could you read minds?\" Thendoll-like partial insectoid nodded. \"Yes, Taylor. I justnrecently learned how to.\" \"Great!nWe can get her ta read all tha suspects' minds. Tay, ya genius!\"nFunky exclaimed in delight, thinking the murder was about to bensolved. \"ButnI need to get these letters to the Fairy Queen! She'll execute me ifnI take much longer... I have to fly, catch you later!\" And withnthat, the miniature woman took off on her monarch butterfly wings. Funkynran to the window and shook her fist. \"Flakah!\" Thencase of Nat Cat's murder spread throughout the entire town of OakeynOaks like an infection, almost as if she was calling out for helpnfrom beyond the grave. Itnbecame a great part of daily conversation, even an obsession fornsome. Accusationsnwere already being made, many a crackpot 'psychic' had stepped upnclaiming to be able to communicate with Nat's spirit and tell thenpolice who killed her while the Cats and Weasels mourned over ansignificant person in their lives. Hernuntimely ending was branded the 'Case Of The Century' in Newspapers,nMagazines and Television. Anmonument had even been erected to comemmorate the unfortunate youngnkitten, the citizens of Oakey Oaks would place flowers around it andnwrite notes on the statue to express their sympathy to the poorngirl's brutal ending. Eachnday, Chicken Little took the bus to school. There was no Foxy Loxy tonthrow her lunch at him and no Nat Cat to wind up a violent, noisynoutburst from the notoriously hypersensitive Greta Gecko, who was nonlonger trusted to take the bus and was walked by her father instead. Atnthe very back of the bus, it was just him and Abby, cuddling up toneach other while other students chattered about current affairs innthe front seats. Itnwas what he would call a dream, athough it bothered him that one ofnhis classmates - the girl who gave him access to his arch nemesis'ndiary - had died, let alone had died in such a gruesome manner andnhave her body arranged on the sidewalk as if it were a bag of marblesnspilled onto the ground by a young child. Sometimesnhe wondered if the same had happened to Foxy, if she had also beennkidnapped, torn into pieces and dumped in a public area or if she hadndone herself in out of remorse after commiting murder. Whilenat school, the normally cruel 'popular' students had lost enthusiasmnin all aspects of school and socializing. Their celebrity gossip, TVnshow line repetitions and girl/boy talk had changed to discussions onnNat's assailant, injuries and how someone could hate her so much asnto kill her in such a horrific manner. GooseynLoosey was freed from being a personal servant and was attempting tonlead the pack, but she had quite a bit of trouble what with the statenthe other members of the group were currently in. Runtnof the Litter had been getting a lot more conversation than henusually did. He didn't mind it, though the topic was always the samenthing over and over - Nat, Nat, Nat. Fish,nlike Goosey, didn't understand why everyone was acting strangely asnmurders happened every day in the certain area in south-east OakeynOaks known as Gloomy Point. It seemed to make all the difference ifnone knew the victim.[Chapter 4] I took REAL long tornupdate, huh? XX Oh, and Reverend Lovejoy,rnI also apologize if Emma's a bit out-of-character and doesn't have arnbig enough part... Thanks for giving me the idea to involve TurkeyrnLurkey, though! BTW, I watched the moviernagain and yes, it is Earth. ;;; Sorry! Well, I've consideredrnperhaps shifting it slightly so that it's a fantasy-land. You know the placernNeverland in Peter Pan? Mount Olympus/Hades in Mythology? Fairytopiarnin Barbie? Runescape? New Fairytopia's just... the \"new\"rnFairytopia. One of a few enchanted lands where any animal that setsrnfoot on it becomes anthropomorphic. If a human goes there, they willrnturn into an anthropomorphic animal best suited to their name. Although I haven't beenrngiven any negative reviews so far but I've just enabled anonymous -rnif anyone flames me, I'll be writing more anyway so prepare to bernticked. - Only counts if actualrnattacks are made. Constructive criticism without being too harsh isrnfine. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- CHAPTER FOUR ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Thernfollowing Thursday morning at the city hall, Mayor Lurkey and hisrnrepresentatives were discussing plans on preventing that kind ofrngruesome incident from happening again when Rico Gecko with his hatrnbetween his teeth dropped from the ceiling and onto the table, hisrnbroad toepads made a sickening splat as he landedItrnhad turned out he had entered through a window on the top floor andrnbypassed security that way. Ricornremoved the hat from his mouth and placed it onto his head, thenrntaking a deep breath. \"Mayor!rnMayor! Minnie Guinea and I have found some evidence that may point tornthe identity of Miss Nat Cat's killer!\" The gecko jumped off therntable and stood by Turkey's side; his petite, slightly built figurernlooking like a toothpick next to an orange. Thernold mayor raised an eyebrow, as his bodyguards had held up a cue cardrnto do so. Whatrnis it, Mister Gecko?\" \"Arnwhite feather trapped in the wax, which suggests the culprit is anrnavian.\" Ricorncleaned his eyes with his long slender tongue, then stood nervouslyrnawaiting Turkey Lurkey's next cue card, which - unluckily for him -rnread 'Scold Him for Taking Too Long' \"Ifrnit was in the wax, why did it take you and that incompetent rodent sornlong to find it?!\" The Mayor hit the table with his fist forrneffect. \"Minniernis far from incompetent! It was just that we...\" It was obviousrnthat Rico was out of words. Turkeyrnshook his head and glowered at the gecko. \"I'vernHAD IT with the two of you playing hanky-panky while you're supposedrnto be doing your jobs!\" \"Irnassure you, sir, that there is nothing going on between Minnie and Irn- The feather took so long to find because the equipment we used tornmelt the wax malfunctioned multiple times.\" Normally, Rico was arnhardworking individual accustomed to being harshly honest but rightrnnow he was forced to lie to save himself and his workmate. \"Inrnthat case, I apologize.\" Turkey seemed quite embarrassed,rnalthough the cue card displayed told him to 'Look Furious'. Ricornwas surprised to discover that the Mayor actually had some autonomyrnof thought, though he tried his hardest not to show it. Herngave a nervous laugh and a nod. \"It's all good, sir. The othersrnat the station tend to spread rumors about us so we're used to it.\" \"Daddy!\"rnA small female turkey of around 7 years of age entered the room andrnran over to the Mayor, followed by an older male gnu who sat down inrna vacant seat. \"HellornEmmy! This is a perfect time to introduce you to Officer Rico Gecko.\"rnTurkey put a wing on the shoulder of his young daughter, who wavedrnshyly at the gecko.rn\"Hello Emma!\" Rico gave a smile andrnreturned the wave, then whispered to the mayor. \"MayrnI leave, sir?\" Hernheld his breath as Turkey's bodyguard held up a cue card which readrn'Dismiss'. \"Ofrncourse, Mister Gecko. You are dismissed.\" \"Thankrnyou, Mister Mayor. Bye-Bye Emma!\" Withrna tilt of his hat, Rico left the building. Asrnthe lizard left, Turkey couldn't help but think about how strange itrnwas that birds were killing cats rather than the other way around. Hoursrnlater at Oakey Oaks High, Chicken Little had been thrown into his ownrnlocker along with the almost as tiny Greta Gecko by Wonkey Donkey.Givenrnthe miniature size of the two victims, they both fit insidernperfectly. \"Yournknow, Greta... I thought you were popular!\" CL exclaimed. \"I'mrnnot popular. People only think that because I'm friends with Foxy andrnGoosey and Funky, but them and Tay are hardly ever around me. I needrnfriends. Can I be friends with you?\" It proved how incrediblyrndesperate the lonely lizard was, asking someone for friendship. Hernalways saw her as quite childish and a bit too strange to be popular,rnthough he didn't know she was in fact childish enough to ask forrnfriendship. He now knew why the prominent bullies Foxy Loxy andrnGoosey Loosey liked her so much - She was very easily manipulated with easily hurt feelings yet with veryrnunusual habits to keep them entertained. \"Arernwe going to be friends?\" Greta raised her lower-classrnWorcestershire accented voice slightly to ensure that CL wasrnlistening. \"Irnguess, since we were forced to be dance partners in PhysEd last monthrn- Might as well not be enemies.\" Poor Chicken Little knew herncouldn't say no to Greta's request what with being in a small spacernwith her and her unpredictable behavior. \"Really?rnOhmigosh!\" Greta squealed throwing her arms around ChickenrnLittle, squeezing him almost to the point of suffocation when therndoor suddenly swung open, causing them both to fall onto the hardrnlinoleum floor below along with a few schoolbooks. Thernembarrassed lizard stood and helped her new friend up before hernattempted to explain the situation of the two of them being in hisrnlocker to his glaring friends. \"Abby,rnRunt, Fish, Taylor... I swear, it's not what it looks like!\"rnLittle was uneasy in his words - he knew that Abby wouldn't believernhim. Taylorrngave a laugh. \"Oh, I understand. It happens to me too!\" Herrnsmile fell. \"Oh, you know I saw Greta's dad this morning and herntold me that he told Mayor Lurkey to tell all the birds that have anyrnwhite feathers to go to the police station. I sure hope they find thernkiller! - But I know it's not you or Abby!\" \"Ohhhrnum, doesn't the fact it's a white feather mean Little goes and Abbyrndoesn't?\" Greta asked, feeing as if she's just corrected Taylor. \"Arernyou blind? Take a gecko at her pigtails, Gecko!\" Runt laughed,rnalthough no-one else seemed to get his joke. \"Oh come on... Getrnit? 'Take a gecko, Gecko?' The way geckoes look at things and thatrnshe IS a gecko?\" \"Irndon't think most people get your jokes, Runt. Cygnet Scene has arnwhole section on how to be funny, and one of the rules is to pick arntopic that your friends understand. Also, don't try too hard - itrnmakes you look desperate.\" Abby explained, then shook her head.rn\"Yeah I do have white feathers. Come on, Little! Let's sign outrnand go to the station!\" CLrnnodded. \"Sure thing, Abby! We could miss class.\" Fishrngargled frantically, 'running' after his friends and clinging tornAbby's foot. \"Bubble Gargle Bubble!\" Don't leave me tornsuffer alone! What's left of the popular group are going to batterrnand fry me and serve me with fries! \"Fish,rnget off Abby - Goosey is going, Wonkey is in the crazy class and Foxy has disappeared so they can't be -that- bad!\" Taylorrntold the goldfish, who refused to listen. \"Yournknow, Taylor has a very good point there. Besides, her and Runt willrnprotect you. Right, Runt?\" Abby looked up at the enormous swine,rngiving him a look which just screamed 'say yes or you die'. \"Y-Yes!rnWe'll protect you...\" Surprisingly, Runt and the others were arnlot more afraid of Foxy's friends than they were of Foxy herself. Itrnmay seem an illegitimate fear, but after reading her diary theyrnrealized Foxy set Goosey as her bodyguard for a good reason - She wasrnexcellent at sports, but was utterly hopeless when it came tornfighting. Forrnthis reason, half the school believed she may have been anotherrnvictim of Nat's assailant with her sudden disappearance. Othersrnbelieved she was the assailant. CLrntapped his foot against the ground, waiting for Fish to let go of hisrngirlfriend. \"Er, Fish. Everyone's made their point. I think yournshould get off now.\" \"-Almost-rneveryone's made their point!\" Greta piped up, advancing on thernduckling and her friend. \"It's about time I made mine!\" Andrnwith that, the gecko began attempting to forcefully jerk Fish offrnAbby's leg. After a few tries and a little help from Taylor, it was arnsuccess. \"Blub.rnBlub. Gargle bubble.\" Oh fine then, leave. But it's so quietrnwithout you! Fish pouted as the two birds left, but quickly gotrndistracted by some of the fallen books and a yoyo dangling fromrnChicken Little's wide open locker. \"Greta!rnI thought you were popular?\" Runt raised an eyebrow, givingrnGreta a dash of Deja Vu. \"Irnthink I should record the answer to that. Or like, stick it on thernschool noticeboard!\" Greta sighed, her back turned to Fish as hernpiled up the books. Whilernthe others continued their boring conversation Fish had constructed arnpedestal and had climbed onto it with the yo-yo in hand, the stringrnstill caught in the locker door's hinges. Givingrnout a Tarzan-esque cry, he jumped off the pile of books swinging onrnthe yoyo as if it were a vine. As he accelerated, he picked up therntiny lizard by her waist shortly before the string broke and he wentrncrashing against a wall. Luckily for Greta, she had stuck herselfrnonto the door of a locker before gravity had its fun. Runtrnand Taylor rushed to Fish's side only to discover him laughing hisrnscaly little orange head off and clapping his fins. Withrnalmost the entire avian population of Oakey Oaks at the policernstation, Mayor Lurkey was thankful this was a small town. Had it beenrnany larger, the station would be more crowded than a candy store onrnthe school holidays. Hernsat in a large comfy chair with little Emma by his side surrounded byrnbodyguards and a good view of the birds whose feathers would bernpulled from their bodies to compare against the specimen found in thernwax. Arnsickeningly adorable cream and bronze guinea pig scuttled towards thernline of birds, her almost silver eyes acanned the room before shernraised her pair of tweezers and tiny sealable specimen bags, each onernlabelled with the subject's name. \"Everyone else turned aroundrnand touched the ground before I did. Sorry.\" She gave a sadrnsmile, knowing this event would damage her reputation for years torncome. ","Summary":" DISCLAIMER: I do not own Chicken Little or any of the characters apart from a few space-fillers suc"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Te estoy perdiendo","Author":"teffah95","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6847367","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hola! Pues la verdad que me pareció malisimo el final de Valen y Pia, así que aqui tienen otra historia de estas chicas hermosas, espero un review de si te gusta o no, o simplemente comentarios o recomendaciones ;) No podía sacarme de la cabeza que ya hacía 8 meses que todas habíamos estado aquí, divirtiéndonos todas como amigas, fue la primer vez que salimos todas juntas, sin peleas ni discusiones por un momento, es cierto, peleé con Pia por estupideces, por, no sé, creo que fue por Anna o porque vio al imbécil que le jodió la vida; siempre pienso en ese día, en como la deje de lado, en como permití que viera al tarado ese en cómo se sintió sola y solo necesitaba que yo estuviera ahí y yo no estuve, ya sé, fue hace mucho tiempo, pero me arrepiento de lo que hice. Pia… Pia, mi amiga, la verdad no estaba pensando en las chicas, pensaba en \"La chica\", pensaba en Pia, -me quite un mechón de pelo que caía sobre mi cara- aun intentaba convencerme de que era solo eso, que Pia era mi mejor amiga y solo me arrepentía de haber sido tan fría, mala con ella, de no haber estado con ella cuando me necesitó – No dejaba de darle vueltas a la tasa del juego- , estaba mareada pero no me importaba, solo quería dejar de pensar, pero era imposible, solo recordaba la casa de maca, todo lo que pasé allí y como ya desde hacía 3 meses que todas habíamos salido, a excepción de Nina y Greta (sus razones habrán tenido, no sé), pero a veces las entendía y quería estar allí de nuevo, no me importaba estar al punto de desmayarme por dar tantas vueltas… De pronto una voz me sacó de mi trance, un muchacho que trabajaba ahí me dijo que ya iban a cerrar así que debía bajarme ya, yo accedí un poco aturdida por el juego, lo veía todo borroso y no podía distinguir nada bien. Seguía pensando en Pia, las 3 primeras semanas que salimos de Casa Maca todo fue genial, estábamos juntas todo el tiempo y la pasábamos genial, íbamos a cine, a comer y a dar vueltas por ahí, pero luego todo se volvió raro entre nosotras, creo que Pia ya no podía soportar ser solo mi amiga y yo no podía sentir que le hacía daño, no fueron necesarias las palabras para que ambas lo notáramos y poco a poco nos alejáramos;aunque no del todo, aun nos hablábamos, pero ya no éramos tan amigas, a veces sentía que mi relación con ella era solo porque ella era alguien que había vivido un tiempo conmigo y eso era todo, era una conocida, a veces sentía eso, como fue que todo entre nosotras se volvió tan extraño? -Valen- oí que dijeron tras de mí, así que me di vuelta y quedé en shock -Mari?, Holaa! -Aun no podia creer verla ahi- -Woww! que bueno verte -mientras me abrazaba como solo Marissa podia hacerlo- -Igualmente -mientras intentaba recuperar el aliento que me quito el abrazo de Marissa- Y, ¿Qué haces por aqui, vienes sola? -Mmmm, no Valen, de hecho vine con Fatu -Heyyy -la miraba picaramente- ¿Ya se formalizaron? -Heheheh como?, Valen ya sabias que Fatu y yo...? -Obvio Mari, quien no se daria cuenta -Pues si, ya decidimos dejar de escondernos, si la gente nos señala o se burla de nosotros es su rollo, no nuestro, y ademas que importa si dicen \"ayy los gorditos juntos\", lo importante es que nos amamos y ya no tememos mostrarlo al mundo, sabes es muy bonito cuando solo te importa esa persona y nada mas a tu alrededor, no crees? -Si, supongo -no pude evitar pensar en Pia, por un momento la habia logrado sacar de mi mente, pero no duro mucho tiempo el que ella no fuera todo lo que estaba en mi cabeza- -En esa casa no fue la unica conexion que se dió, ¿no? -Sabia perfectamente que se referia a Pia y a mi- Emm si tu lo dices Hablamos por un rato de varias cosas, disfrutamos de las pocas atracciones que aun estaban abiertas pues ya se estaba haciendo noche y comimos un par de cosas que se le antojaban a la gordis cuando pasabamos por la plaza de comidas. -Oye y Pia? -Mientras llegabamos al punto donde se habia quedado de encontrar con Fatu- -Pia?, ¿Por que lo preguntas? -No se, porque ustedes dos son tan amigas que me imagine que estarian todo el tiempo juntas, es mas, me extraña no verlas juntas aqui y ademas porque no se de ella desde hace un montonooon de tiempo -Emm -senti como se empezo a formar en mi estomago un nudo y como me contenia para no estallar en llanto, pues era verdad lo que Mari decia, antes eramos las mejores amigas y ahora ¿Que eramos? - si, si, creo que bien -Mari un poco desconsertada por mi respuesta- Pero ella y tu no eran, no se... , tu me entiendes, mas que amigas? -Emm, no, solo amigas -creo que ya ni eso- -Pero se veian tan bonitas juntas, tan especiales, tan perdidas por la otra, tan ... -La interrumpí- Si, si, fueron buenos tiempos, mira Mari, yo con Pia me siento la mas, se me vuela el tiempo cuando estoy con ella, nos divertimos tanto estando juntas, es que Pia es genial -solte un suspiro- yo por Pia siento que... -Hola dragoncita -Fatu dijo agarrando a Marissa de la mano- -Dragoncita? -Algo confundida y divertida por aquel comentario- De donde es esa antiguedad? -Haaa, antiguedad?, Axl no para de hablar de ti -Emm -Axl, tambien a el lo habia metido en mi confusion, pero el si era solo mi amigo y ya, nada mas que eso- bien, y que hacen por aqui? -Nada Valen vinimos a divertirnos al parque, como en los viejos tiempos , no? -Hehe si -Oye y Pia -pregunto Fatu rascandose su cresta- no la veo por aqui -Emm, no, no esta - algo incomoda- Hubo un momento de silencio algo incomodo que solo fue roto por Marissa -Mmm, bueno ya es alo tarde no Fatu, creo que ya nos vamos Valen -Si arañita, adios Drago... emmm Valen -Adios chicos -Eyyy y Valen aqui te dejo mi numero de celular -mientras me daba un papel doblado- para que no nos perdamos de nuevo, okey? -Hehe si Mari, no me olvido de eso, Bye -Y tu no te olvides que Pia te quiere A que venia el comentario de Mari?, simplemente lo dijo y se fueron agarrados de la mano -Saque de mi bolsillo mi Ipod y pare un taxi- No podia dejar de pensar en lo que dijo \"Pia te quiere, Pia te quiere, Pia te quiere, Pia te quiere, Pia te quiere\" -Señorita ya llegamos -dijo el taxista interrumpiendo mis pensamientos- -Gracies -Le pagué y me bajé- Llegué y me eché en la cama, necesitaba descansar, despejarme, dejar de pensar tanto, solo caí a la cama y me quedé dormida A LA MAÑANA SIGUIENTE... -Valentina, Valentina, despiertate es una amiga tuya al telefono... Me levante de golpe al oir esas palabras -¿Seria Pia?-[Chapter 2] Beliefer Monse: Me alegra que te halla gustado el capitulo, y si, que mal que Valen justo se halla dado cuenta, gracias x tu Review, saludos hasta Mexico Kdl94: Gracias por tus comentarios y por seguir la historia ;) Kellyth: Genial que te guste como escribo, saludes compatriota y claro que la voy a seguir... Elisabloom: Hehe y al final si era Pia, pero no la trato como Valen esperaba, Valen sufrira un poquito xD Emm, Hola?- Intentando, en vano, ocultar la ansiedad en mi voz y resistiéndome a que se formara un nudo en mi garganta- -Buenos días, con la Señorita Valentina Rubiales Hinojosa -Sí, con ella habla - una amiga con voz de hombre?- -Buenos días señorita Rubiales, hemos estado viendo su cuenta bancaria y a pesar de que no es usted mayor de edad, tiene un crédito aprobado aquí en el banco y nos encantaría que venga a nuestras oficinas y... -No, no me interesa -Pero Señorita Va... Tiré la bocina demasiado desilusionada y algo molesta, me di la vuelta y di uno o dos pasos en dirección a mi habitación y me encontré con la pesada de mi hermana de nuevo, dos veces en el mismo día era demasiado! -Quien era Valen? -No sé, yo creí que era una amiga mía, no fue lo dijiste? –Buscaba en sus ojos la más pequeña muestra de vergüenza por lo que dijo, pero no había tal cosa- -Emm, no, pero pues era la voz de un chico!, y sabia que no lo atenderías si no te decía que era una de tus desadaptadas amiguitas esas de la Casa de Martha -¿Martha?, Casa de M A C A!- -Bueno Martha, Maca, como sea, quien era el chico? -Eran del banco, y… no sé ni porque te lo digo, a ti que te importa quien me llame o no me llame, es mi lio -Tú y tus líos hermanita -Percatando la forma en que lo había dicho y el doble sentido de aquella frase solo suspire y lo pase por alto, ya eran normales sus indirectas hacia mí, tanto de ella, como de mi mamá- … Ring Ring... Era el teléfono de nuevo -Ayyy, ve tu Valentina- dijo mi hermana dándome la espalda -Deben ser del banco buscándote de nuevo, que gente!, no se cansa de llamar y... -oía su voz, cada vez menos audible a medida que se alejaba -¿Qué?- Dije de mala gana y en un tono agresivo- Ya le dije que no me interesa, y deje ya de molestar a la gente, no vuelva a llamar, le dije que no y... -Tanto así me has extrañado -Era la voz más dulce y hermosa que me había interrumpido ése día- -Pia? -Sí Valentina, soy Pia, ¿estás bien? -Sí, todo bien –Valentina? , Desde cuando Pia me decía Valentina? Unas pocas veces me lo dijo, pero siempre era cuando habíamos discutido o le había dicho algo que le molestaba- -Lo decía porque estas como alterada y bueno pues… -No, no, es solo que me llamaron del banco y,…bueno no importa… Hubo un momento de silencio, conteste estando muy alterada antes, no sabía ni que decir, me moría por hablar con ella pero no encontraba las palabras, eran demasiadas emociones mezcladas en un solo instante… aun demasiado sorprendida y emocionada le dije lo que tenía en la cabeza en ese momento … -Wawww Pia! , no puedo creer que esté hablando contigo, te he extrañado tanto, no dejo de pensar en ti, me haces demasiada falta y… -arrepintiéndome de lo que había acabado de decir (como siempre) traté de ocultar mis emociones y cambié mi tono de voz drásticamente- ¿A qué debo tu llamada? -Pues quería ver si nos podíamos ver -No, no puedo, tengo que… emm, ir de shopping con mi hermana –Fue lo más estúpido que pude decir, ambas sabíamos que eso no era algo que yo haría ni en 1000 millones de años, y ¿Por qué le dije que no?, me moría por verla, estar con ella, admirar todo su ser, ver su sonrisa, sentir su aroma, su tacto, Pia causaba tantas emociones en mi, el tan solo oír su voz me llevaba lejos de la odiosa casa en la que estaba… - -Ahhh veo, que raro, no sabes cuándo o a qué horas pero aun así casualmente iras de Shopping, y con tu hermana, como sea, no importa ya –Su voz tenia tono sarcástico y un resignado- -No, no quería decir eso es solo que… -Tranquila, no sería la primera vez que me rechazas así que… - intentó remediar lo que dijo de algún modo- ehh, discúlpame, no quise decir eso, solo que, ehh bueno yo le aviso a las chicas que no puedes ir -¿Las chicas? -Sí, las chicas, Adela, Nina, Greta, Marissa, ¿Te suenan? -No seas pesada Pia, claro que sé a quienes te refieres, es solo que creí que… -Creíste que solo iríamos las dos, pues no, despreocúpate que no es así, pero bueno ya que sabes que es con las chicas, irás?, no sería lo mismo sin ti, estaremos todas. -Sí, sí, claro que iré y discúlpame no me refería a que no quería estar contigo es solo que… -no encontraba palabras para remediar lo que había dicho, la había embarrado hasta el fondo, mis palabras habían sonado demasiado mal - en serio no tendría ningún problema si fuéramos solo las dos, es mas creo que sería genial que intentaramos… -No tienes porque darme explicaciones, yo sé, bueno es mañana en casa de maca a las 3, te veo allá, adiós! -Hola?, Pia?, sigues ahí? –Pia ya había colgado- creo que cada vez te alejo mas de mi, adiós mi Pia, mi dulce Pia–Colgué la bocina también yo- -Pero que carajos hiciste Valentina, eres una estúpida, siempre lo dañas todo, que pasa contigo, dejaste ir a Pia una vez más, por qué te comportas así con ella, sabes perfectamente que ella es alguien demasiado importante para ti, siempre lo supiste; aun así sigues intentando negarlo, por qué negaste a ti misma y a ella que no la querías como ella quería que la quisieras si en el fondo sabias que no la querías solo como amiga, por qué le dijiste que tenía que encontrar a alguien más, por qué después que te besaba simplemente hacías como si no pasara nada y te ibas si en el fondo te derretías con su mirada, sus hoyuelos, sus labios, su cabello, su forma de acariciarte, de abrazarte, de tratarte, de besarte, ¿por qué? … definitivamente eres una tarada Valentina -¿Hablando sola hermanita, por qué dices que eres una tarada, es que acaso al fin te diste cuenta de que Axl es el chico de tu vida? -No!, y ya me jodas, no aguanto más, tengo bastantes cosas en mi cabeza como para escuchar tus delirios y hacer como si no hubieras dicho nada, hoy no -Pero, qué demonios te pasa Valentina, ¿por qué me tratas así? -Ni yo sé porque trato a los que me importan así, sea como sea eres mi hermana y algo de cariño de tengo y en alguna forma muy muuuy insignificante, me importas, pero por qué trato a los que siempre han estado conmigo y los que me hacen felices así, ¿por qué te trato así Pia, a que le tengo miedo? -Disculpa?, creo que no me perdí un capitulo, me perdí el libro completo, estábamos hablando y de un momento a otro te elevaste hasta la estratosfera y parecía como si hablaras con alguien más, empezaste a decir que le temías a no sé que cosas, ¿qué te pasa hoy?, estas más rara de lo normal, ya van dos veces que te encuentro o hablando sola o hablando con alguien más cuando no hay nadie -No sé ni porque hablo contigo, es mi lio, siempre ha sido mi lio, ya, no te metas, y si, hoy no es mi día, no ha sido un buen día desde que salí de Casa de Maca -Pero… -Ya, dejémoslo así, tú nunca vas a entender -Entonces, te vas a encerrar en tu cuarto como todos los días? -Pues si Luego de encerrarme en mi habitación no pude evitar imaginarme que hubiera pasado si estuviera en Casa de Maca, seguramente Pia me hubiera preguntado qué pasaba y me hubiera dicho que tal vez solo se comportaba así porque en el fondo se preocupa por mí, un abrazo suyo me hubiera alentado y poco a poco hubiera olvidado toda la situación con solo ver su sonrisa, en un instante nos hubiéramos reído de alguna tontería y la amargura no sería una palabra de mi vocabulario, sus mimos y abrazos me hubieran hecho sentir como si algo valiera la pena, pero no, Pia ya no estaba ahí, ni como una conocida, ni como mi compañera de cuarto, ni como mi amiga, ni nada, simplemente no estaba, nunca me sentí tan miserable, el problema nunca fue que no la quisiera, porque desde el primer momento en que dormimos juntas el mismo día que entre a Casa de Maca supe que Pia era alguien muy especial y sentí la necesidad de protegerla, de cuidarla, de estar con ella, y cada momento que pasaba con ella me hizo quererla mas y mas, pero ya las cosas no eran como antes entre ella y yo, tuvimos una conexión inigualable desde el primer segundo, a la que ninguna de las chicas ni se acerco a tener con otra en esa casa, ahora había cierta tensión entre nosotras, no era tan fácil hablar ni relacionarnos, era como un tipo de timidez, la misma como cuando recién conoces a alguien y te mueres por hacer algún comentario pero no lo haces porque no hay suficiente confianza y aun no conoces al otro como para saber qué pensaría o como actuaria frente a lo que hagas, era lo mismo, nos limitábamos con muchas cosas, parecía que ya no nos conocíamos cuando dos meses atrás sabíamos que pensaba la otra con solo ver sus expresiones o su forma de hablar, prácticamente hablábamos con la mirada y muchas veces no necesitábamos pronunciar palabras para saber cómo comportarnos, así de bien nos conocíamos, pero eso era antes… -Ufff ya Valentina, que día el que tuviste, ya es de noche, como se pasa el tiempo cuando solo piensas en \"que hubiera pasado si…\" o \"tal vez si yo hubiera hecho tal cosa…\", ya basta de escuchar canciones tristes y llorar, mañana la veras de nuevo y con eso bastará para que olvides estos últimos dos meses que has pasado sin ella, ésta no es la Valentona que siempre fuiste Solo hablaba conmigo misma y de vez en cuando con mi mama o con mi hermana cuando salía a comer o iba al baño, pero no eran diálogos como tal ni conversaciones complicadas y profundas, eran más bien palabras necesarias para una convivencia más o menos aceptable -Ya arreglarás mañana todo lo que has hecho, ya verás mi Pia, mañana verás una faceta de Valentina totalmente distinta, seré una Valentona de nuevo, no seré más la niñita tímida que llora todo el día y no se lamenta del pasado… ya lo verás mi Pia.[Chapter 3] … La noche fué eterna, estaba nerviosa, sentía mariposas en el estómago, me temblaba el cuerpo, sudaba mucho, no podía pensar claramente, cualquiera diría que estaba enamorada de Pia! Jajaja qué tontería, yo enamorada de Pia?, eso era imposible, a menos que…. -Valen! –Fuí envuelta en un abrazo muy efusivo, tipo Marissa - Que bueno verte! -Heyyyy Adela! Te han sentado de maravilla estos meses con Nachito, no? Estas radiante! Qué bueno verte! –Le dije con una sonrisa picara y juguetona -Valen, Valen, Valen –Dijo con una sonrisa disimulada - … no pensarás quedarte ahí afuera, tranqui que Maca no te va a dejar encerrada –Seguía siendo la misma Adela, me encantaba su espontaneidad y la forma en que nos entendíamos- Pasa… -Wawww, la casa de Maca no ha cambiado nada –Seguí a Adela hacia el living- excepto que está mucho más tranquila, tal vez porque Adela Huerta ya no está haciendo de las suyas, no? -Uyyy golpe bajo Valen! –Ambas reímos- Aun así Maca sigue lidiando con Nina, Greta… y Lola, no solo yo causaba los líos aquí, y acordándome bien siempre tenía de cómplice a una chica llamada Valentina… -Valentina? Emm, no, no ni idea de quien me hablas -Hehe, Valen no has cambiado nada –Adela deslizo la puerta del living y entró, yo la seguí - Tal vez algún día te presente a Valentina… -… Si, tal vez algún día encuentre a la verdadera Valentina -¿Cómo dices? -Ehhh? Nada, nada… y ¿Cómo va tu vida Adela? -Todo bien Valen, siempre me acuerdo de la época en que estábamos aquí, he cambiado mucho, ya no le temo a enamorarme, sabes, ahora junto a Nachito me siento completa, y pues ya me arreglé con el senador y Edward … -Valen, que bueno verte! De nuevo mi mundo se paralizó momentáneamente, no me atrevía a darme la vuelta de mi sitio para buscar la voz de la chica que me saludó, más no fue necesario porque casi al instante una mano tocaba mi hombro insitándome a darme vuelta -¿Cómo has estado Valen? No sé si me sentí aliviada o decepcionada –Todo bien Greta y ¿tú como andas? -Todo muy bien, pero pasa y te sientas mientras esperamos a que lleguen todas las chicas, aún faltan Mari y Pia -Si, yo... - Últimamente era interrumpida siempre - Valentina! Qué bueno que viniste! -Teito, hola! Te había extrañado mucho! -La casa no es la misma sin ustedes aquí haciendo sus desastres –Todas reímos- -Ayyy no es para tanto Teo, seguro que Maca está feliz de no lidiar con nosotras! -Adela ¿Cómo dices eso?, si Maca las adora ! –Dijo Teo mirándola con cara de incredulidad- -Si, lo sé, no te enojes Teito era una broma! –Adela haciendo pucheros, eso sí era algo nuevo!- En eso bajó Nina, extrañamente preguntando si ya había llegado Mari; las cosas sí que habían cambiado mucho durante estos 2 meses, ahora me preguntaba, que sería de la vida de Pia… -Solo faltan Mari y Pia, verdad? –Trataba de ocultar mi cara de ansiedad, pero parece que fué en vano- -Ayy no te hagas Valen- dijo Nina arreglándose el cabello con su mano- ¿Qué no sabes a qué hora llega Pia?, esa no te la creo! Todas soltaron una carcajada -Si Valen! Es más, ¿por qué no se vinieron junticas?- Decía Greta casi ahogándose con su risa- -Si- Fue lo único que respondí, súbitamente se estaba formando un nudo en mi garganta y parecía que cargaba con todo el mundo en mis hombros, ahora tenía la mirada fija y triste en lugar fijo, fuera del living, ventanas hacia afuera- Las chicas seguían normalmente su conversación, reían, peleaban, bromeaban, excepto porque al parecer ya todas éramos amigas y habíamos crecido y madurado juntas, aún éramos las mismas desadaptadas burlonas que habíamos entrado a casa Maca ya casi hacía 9 meses Teito interrumpió mis pensamientos ofreciéndome un vaso de limonada, bueno en verdad no pensaba en nada, tenía la mente en blanco, no estaba ahí, simplemente tenía la mirada perdida en el patio de la casa -Valen, hola, que alegría ! -Mari? Hahah hola, ¿A qué hora llegaste? No me dí cuenta -Hace como 10 minutos maso, jajaja ayy Valen! ¿Cómo era posible que ya hubieran pasado casi 20 minutos desde que había llegado y no habían ni rastros de Pia?, solo faltaba ella por llegar!... En eso un grito de diva interrumpió mis pensamientos... -Mariiiiii ! - Efusivamente Nina dió un abrazo a Mari -Holaaaa mi Nina ! El resto de la conversación me fué inherente, seguí con mis pensamientos perdidos en algún lugar fuera del living, pero al ver a una chica hermosa de cabello liso y de sonrisa hermosa en la reja todo cambió, era Pia! ... se veía radiante, hermosa, eran indescriptible los sentimientos que me invadieron con tan solo verla... Todo a mi alrededor pareció hacerse boronas al ver que esa chica, que mi Pia, mi Pia no venía sola, la acompañaba una chica igualmente hermosa a ella; aunque para mi Pia era la mujer más hermosa, la chica que la acompañaba no se quedaba atrás, era una chica alta, delgada, de cabello negro ondulado muy brillante y unos ojos grises que se llenaban de brillo con tan solo mirar a Pia -¿Qué tiene de malo que Pia tenga una nueva amiga?, si amigas, eso es lo que son! -¿Qué dices Valen? -Dijo Adela mirándome de reojo separando su vista de su limonada por un momento -Ehh, que Pia ya llegó Adela se levantó efusivamente de su asiento y se acercó a mi para confirmar que lo que le decía era verdad -Wooow! Pero Pia está radiante -Lo sé -Dije mirando a Adela por un segundo- -Valen -Dijo un poco incrédula- ¿Quién es la chica que la acompaña, la conoces? -No, este, ehhh, no, no sé -Iba a volver mi mirada hacia ellas, pero Adela me detuvo- -Y, ehh Valen, ¿Cómo vas con tu música, tu familia, tus amigos? ... tu vida ¿Cómo va todo? Noté a Adela rara, un poco incómoda, su voz al igual que su cuerpo estaban temblando -Fruncí el ceño- ¿Estás bien Adela? ... voy por agua o algo? -Si, si mejor ve para la cocina -Ok, ok, pero tranqui ! ¿Qué tienes? Ahora su mirada estaba fija en la entrada de la casa, así que mi mirada lentamente también se posó en aquella reja de barrotes gruesos, mi respiración aumentó y seguramente si tuviera mas fuerza hubiera roto el vaso con limonada ... Pia y la chica extraña se encontraban frente a frente, a tan solo centímetros de distancia, pero rápidamente el espacio entre ellas se fué reduciendo, poco a poco Pia se acercaba a la cara de aquella extraña ","Summary":" Hola! Pues la verdad que me pareció malisimo el final de Valen y Pia, así que aqui tienen otra hist"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Anunque lo niegue","Author":"WONDERRAVEN","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6583315","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Valentina caminaba hacia su casa tranquila, sintiéndose libre Pía había aceptado q su relación era solo amistad, pero ¿lo era? esa pregunta aun le rondaba la cabeza. Lo suyo era solo amistad o era ese miedo incondicional a perderla, las amistades duran para siempre pero las relaciones se acaban pronto, eso le había dicho a Pía. De repente un recuerdo una imagen fugas se le cruzo por su mente, Ana su amiga incondicional su hermana, la había perdido para siempre y aun se preguntaba que les habría preparado el destino. Pero la vida es injusta y se la llevo pronto siendo aun un aniña con miles de sueños por cumplir. Si no hubiera sido por Pía nunca se hubiera enterado de lo q tenia, Pía Pía … siempre estuvo con ella en las buenas y las mala , le perdono todo,, contar su mayor secreto, por cobardía. Sus cambios de humor, maltratarla delante de las chicas, todo, Pía siempre le perdono todo. \"Al demonio\" Verla partir le rompió el corazón, aunque ya lo tenía destrozado. Siempre amo a valen, desde el primer día…. Nunca las juzgo nuca le exigió que le contara su pasado, siempre estuvo ahí, pero como…amiga. Amiga le dolía pensar esa palabra, si ella supiera, si sintiera todo lo que sintió. Primero Ana, los celos, la ira, cuando estaban juntas los demás desaprecian. Luego Axl . Siempre hubo otros delante… siempre. Ya estaba, prefería tenerla como amiga a no tenerla, pero es imposible catalogar de amistad lo que sentía por ella, el amor de amigas es una cosa pero lo que sentía no era ese amor, la amaba, la deseaba, la necesitaba, pero…. Valen no sentía lo mismo Como odiaba su casa, su hermana, su familia. 5dias habían pasado desde que salió de la casa de Maca y le verdad es que extrañaba todo, incluso a Nina y sus manías de querer prender fuego la casa. Compartir cuarto con Greta/Lola fue malo, escuchar a Nina cantar también, pero nada es comparable a la tortura de tener a su hermana alado. Como extrañaba levantarse y ver a Pía en su cama, escuchar su vos \"Valen levántate\" . _ Hey Valentina baja de esa nube _EEE. Su hermana venia a joderle la existencia _ Hace como dos horas que te hablo y nada, viste mi vestido que bonito (luego de la cara de valen de what ) no se para que te pregunto si te vestís como un hombre _ Que quieres (de manera cortante) _ Vamos a ir al cumpleaños de unos tíos de papa, va a estar toda la familia, t e dejamos plata en la mesa y comida en la nevera, cualquier cosa nos llamas. _ Ok Toda la familia claro, todos menos ella, la verdad es que odiaba esas reuniones familiares, ver a sus hermanas/os con sus maridos, esposas, hijos, tíos. Odiaba que le preguntar \"tenes novio \" , \" algún chico te gusta\" , o la típica frase que oía de todos \"si sigues así te vas a quedar sola \" , lo odiaba pero mas que nada odiaba ver la cara de su mama , ver la vergüenza que sentía en sus ojos, ver q todos se callaban cuando pasaba cerca de alguien ,a veces se aguantaba las ganas de gritarle ya se que están hablando mío. Pero aunque las odiaba, le dolía que sus papa no la quisieran llevar con escusas bobas de que debes estar cansada, etc. , para ella era obvio se avergonzaban de ella era la rara de la familia. Extrañaba a Pía demasiado, no tenia a Ana, sin las chicas lado se sentía sola muy sola. En un lugar en otra parte 5dias y Valen no la había llamado, no tenia noticias de ninguna de las chicas pero VALENTINA NO LA HABIA LLAMADO. Su humor ya era bastante malo, pero vivir con su mama lo empeoraba. Nada había cambiado, bueno ella ya lo sabia pero la esperanza es lo último que se pierde. Necesitaba una mama no un amiga, ya se lo había dicho pero solo escucha lo que le conviene. Cuando abrió la nevera y su humor fue peor, _ Vacía, genial Ring Ring Al abrir la puerta Pía sonrió como no lo había hecho todos estos días y se tiro a sus brazos Valentina solo alcanzo a decir –opa- porque Pía casi la deja sin aire, pero ver su cara, ver sus ojitos, hizo que valentina se olvidara de todo, de su familia de sus miedos, en ese momento se fundo en su abrazo . Pía aspiraba su aroma amaba como olía el pelo de valen, su valen _ Hay abrazas más fuerte que Marisa (si definitivamente era su Valen) JAJA Pía me estas asfixiando (muy a su pesar la soltó) _ Porque no me llamaste _ Primero hola como esta Valen, q has hecho, te invito a pasar a mi casa ( la carita de valen hizo que se olvidara de su enojo, como la amaba Sonrió _ Pasa _ Perdón mi casa es un caos (Pía le acaricia el pelo) pero porque vos no me llamaste _ Por lo mismo (Valen la abraza y siente que su corazón se acelera cuando la tiene en su brazos) _ Y tu mama _ (cara de disgusto) no se, últimamente no pasa en casa ( la mano de valen recorre su mejillas y Pía tiene que aguantar el impulso de besarla \" te adoro pero como amiga\" ) pero no es tan malo (sonrió) por lo menos estoy tranquila en casa ( y se abalanzo sobre valen haciéndole cosquillas ) Horas más tarde _q tarde es Valen tus papas te van a decir algo _Tranqui no hay nadie en casa, hoy me quedo solita _(dudando) si quieres te puedes quedar acá en casa , no creo que mi mama venga hoy ( nerviosa) así no nos quedamos ninguna de las dos solas, pedimos unas pizzas o algo En el rostro de valen se dibuja una sonrisa, y Pía desea con todo su corazón q diga que si _ (seria) vos llamas a la Pizzería (sonríe y Pía siente que su corazón no puede estar feliz) _ ORDENDE posdo dormis _ Valen traga primero que no te entiendo _Donde duermo Pía se aguanto las ganas de decirle\" en mi cama mí) pero en ese momento la razón pudo mas _ yo duermo en el cuarto de mi mama y te dejo el mío _ Bueno ya esta( acomodando la cama donde dormiría Valen) si tenes frio en la noche en esa ropero hay frazadas , almohadas, o cualquier cosa me llamas o sino… (Interrumpiendo) Jaja no me va a pasar nada En el transcurso de la noche Pía no podía dormir teniéndola en el cuarto de alado, en su cama , definitivamente no lavaría las sabanas, trataría de que el olor de su valen durara el mayor tiempo posible . Suspiro \"debe estar dormida\" camino silenciosamente hacia su cuarto, si estaba dormida. Valentina abrazaba a su tortuga, Pía no pudo evitar que en su rostro se le dibujase un sonrisa, la estuvo buscando por todos lados antes de irse a dormir. Se acerco sigilosamente a Valentina e intento sacarle su tortuga. Luego de un rato, casi se da por vencida, la tenia muy bien sujetada. Pero ella no podía dormir sin ella, era su Tortuga . Se quedo parada enfrente de Valentina, dudando si gritarle que le devolviera su tortuga o directamente acostarse alado de ella . De repente un ruido quebró el silencio de la habitación. Pía casi se cae del susto. _Jajaj si sigue ahí parada te vas a morir de frio _estabas despierta (si estaba enojada y mucho) _TODO EL TIEMPO (prende la lámpara de luz y vea una cara que por un segundo le da miedo) es que fue muy gracioso ver como intentabas quitarme la tortuga jajaja _ Bueno (seria, pero ahogando una risa ) ahora que esta dormida me la podes dar por favor _ No (la cara de Pía es igual al día en que las chicas vieron a Nina, intentando cocinar, valen agarra bien fuete la tortuga y se tapa la cabeza con las sabanas, Pía se sube arriba de su cama e intenta por todos los medios conseguir su adorado peluche ) _ Vamos val dámelo no puedo dormir sin el _ No no no soy la visita, y a la visita se la trata bien jajaja, no Pía no, jaja cosquillas no jajá Luego de muchas pelas, cosquillas, berrinches, el sueño empezó a hacer efecto en ellas y decidieron q lo mejor era dormir juntas. Ninguna de ellas dos quería dormir si la tortuguita. Abrazadas una a la otra, el mundo las catalogaba como una amistad rara., para Valen era una gran amistad, pero se sintió por primera ves desde que dejo la maca de casa, tranquila y aspiro el aroma del pelo de Pía como había extrañado como olía. _Tun tun_ sentir el corazón de valen a su lado hizo que el suyo propio latiera mas rápido, Pía solo quería que el tiempo se detuviese para siempre , para que ese momento durara toda la eternidad, pero mañana seria otro día, otro día que tendría que comportarse como su \" amiga\" Amiga, como podía llamar a lo que ella sintiera como una amistad, si lo amaba siempre la amo y siempre la amaría. Pero tenerla ahí a su lado hacía que todos sus miedos desaparecieran y por primera vez en estos 5 días no soñó con su pasado. -Valen, valen _UUU Pía, no, es temprano déjame dormirrrrrr ( y se gira para un lado y otro de la cama) Pía solo la observaba y le acariciaba un mechón de pelo, sonriendo _ vamos ya es tarde son las 9 _Pía no estamos en la casa de Maca, déjame dormir _Dale valen, se va a enfriar el desayuno Abrió lo ojos por primera ves y la vio sentada a su lado con un a bandeja de comida, pero no pudo evitar pensar lo hermosa que se veía Pía _Gracias (le acaricia el rostro y sonríe ) que hacemos hoy _ Lo que quieras, pero tendrías que volver a tu casa si tus viejos vuelven y no te encuentran _ Fueron a una de esas fiesta de familias re aburrida se van a quedar unos di asmas por allá, es que tiene muchos chisme que contarse _ Jajaja que mala _ no enserio se junta todas ahí y se rajan una a la otra sabes que el marido de esta la engaña (imitando a su tía) y ellas son una cornuda pero, jaja, o mira como engordo jajjaja _ Jajaja quieres ir al centro comercial hoy _MMM si Muchas cosas pasaron por la cabeza de valen, cuando estaba con pía comparaba la amistad que tenia con Ana, con la supuesta amistad que con Pía. Pero que clase de amistad era esta, donde los celos están presentes. Intento convencerse que era miedo a perderla, a que tuviera otra amiga, que ya la dejara de lado, pero después de un tiempo se dio cuenta que no eran Celos de amiga. Porque tenia que aparecer Brenda, no lo entendía, no entendía porque de la noche ala mañana eran tan amigas, si solo estuvo poco tiempo en la casa. Además esta bien que eran solo amigas pero no soportaba que Pía rechazara salir con ella para estar con Brenda Estaba en su casa últimamente ya ni estaba en la suya, sus problemas con su familia cada día eran peor. Como la mama de pía directamente no estaba en su casa, solo le faltaba traer sus cosas para que este fuera directamente, su nuevo hogar. Como extrañaba la casa de maca, a las chicas, no había sabido mucho de ellas durante este mes. Adela estaba desaparecida por ahí, en algún pueblo, perdido por el mundo con nachito. Habían recibido un apostal de ella, diciendo que estaba bien. Nina y Greta aun seguían en la casa, no sabia mucho de ella y Marisita bueno Marisa vivía halla llendo a visitar a su Nina, como buena Nina fan q es, no pudo evitar reírse Maca debía estar furiosa, pero A Nina le hacia bien estar con ella. De Brenda lamentablemente sabía mucho, venia muy seguido a la casa de Pía , lo pero es que había mucha confianza entre ellas, arr odiaba a Brenda. No podía evitar interrumpir con comentarios tontos cuando las veía muy concentraditas conversando, o sentarse en medio de ellas en el sillón, si las miradas mataran Brenda ya estaría muerta resucitada y nuevamente muerta. Odiaba que Pía le dijera que las dejara solas en su cuarto, no podía se quedaba alado de la puerta escuchando que conversaban y cuando no sentía sus voces entraba al cuarto con la escusa \"quieren algo para toma\" \"Pía no sabes donde deje m Ipod \". _Vamos Pía vamos a la palaya daleeeeeeee _ Mm no se _ Vamos el verano esta pasando y no hemos ido un día (se acerco le acaricio la cara lentamente, le encantaba como la piel de pía era tan suave tan delicada tan…) Cuando sintió sus manso en su rostro no pudo evitar cerrar los ojos, sentir su tacto, estos tiempo había sido una tortura para ella, teniéndola tan cerca, pero a su ves tan lejos , muchas veces tubo que aguantar el impulso de besarla, pero si lo hacia arruinaría su amistad para siempre , y no soportaría no verla nunca mas , la amaba demasiado para perderla y se conformaba con tenerla cerca amándola en silencio , deseándola, pero teniéndola a su lado Valentina sintió un cosquilleo en su estomago, como mariposas volando, tenia a pía tan cerca con los ojos cerrados, sentía su respiración tan cerca, que inconscientemente se fue acercando a sus labios, de apoco, con mucho cuidado, tenia miedo, mucho miedo, pero verla ahí a la luz de la oscuridad tan linda, tan frágil, pero a su ves tan fuerte y valiente. Pía no se movía estaba quieta sintiendo las caricias de su \"amiga \", recordando su ultimo beso. Estaba tan cerca, tan cerca, que tenia miedo que los latidos de su corazón la delatasen , pero ver su boca a centímetros de la suya , sentir su aroma , su respiración hizo q se olvidar de todo y por primera ves en su vida se dejo llevar por el momento. Cerró sus ojos y la beso Pía pensó que estaba soñando cuando sintió los labios de val en los suyos, se quedo quieta tenia miedo q si reaccionara, si le seguía el beso, valentina se asustaría. Valentina se separo lentamente de Pía abrió los ojos muy suavemente y lo primero que vio fueron sus ojos hermosos. Se miraron por un rato en silencio y lentamente se acercaron una a la otra. Cuando se separaron Pía pensó que despertaría de su sueño o peor Valen se arrepentiría pero no estaba ahí a su lado mirando al y hizo algo que le sorprendió aun mas, la abrazo El tiempo trascurría rápido, deprisa para el resto d e las personas, para ellas dos ,desde esa noche el tiempo no era tiempo, era vida, eran segundos que pasaban una a la otra, disfrutando cada momento casa instante. Ya no habías temores, a no había miedos, ya no le importaba q las etiquetaran como novias. Les, homo. Ya no importaba porque eran lo que eran, se amaban y lo que opinara el resto del mundo no importaba. Valentina siempre odio las etiquetas, siempre pero cuando la gente se daba vuelta en la calle, mirándolas porque iban abrazadas de las manos, no le importa las \"etiquetas\", Ya no se negaba a si misma, quería a Pía la quería más q un amiga , lo de Ana fue amistad. A pía, la amaba. _ vamos a la playa _ Que ¿ahora? (Pía se sobresalto, valen solamente le sonrió le agarro de la mano y salió corriendo) Pía la seguía duras penas, amaba lo impulsiva que era, amaba todo lo que estaba pasando no podía creer lo q estaba pasando, tenia miedo de q estuviera soñando y se despertase con la cruda realidad de que la quería como amiga, pero borro ese pensamiento de su mente , había sufrido demasiado en su vida , se merecía esto, no había sido mala para que le apsara todo lo que le paso , pero la vida le había regalado a valentina , su valentona a y si tuviera que haber pasado todo lo q paso para conocerla, no le importaba. La noche fue ganado le al día, pero ninguna de las dos se dio cuenta , valentina junto ramas y luego de dos horas intentando hacer fuego lo consiguió , Pi ano paraba de reírse viéndola intentar hacer fuego. L anoche era hermosa, valentina abrazaba a pía desde detrás y las dos miraban la noche, las estrellas, el reflejo de la luna llena en mar. _mira una estrella fugas pedí un deseo (valentina le señalo la estrella q moría pero segundos entes de desparecer, nos deslumbra) ya este? _ si ya esta _ q deseo pediste _ No si te lo cuento no se cumple mi deseo Valentina la miro sorprendida Vamos Pía contarme, dale ( beso su cuello con ternura) Jajaj me haces cosquillas , nade de juegos emocionales conmigo Ahí pía se escapo de sus brazos y correo a lado de la fogata Valentina se paro e intento atraparla. Se abalanzo enzima de ella y las dos cayeron al piso valentina enzima d e pía. _ Vamos q pediste _ Desee q esto no fuera un sueño, y que si lo era, no me quiero despertar (la miro a los ojos, sus miradas se encontraron, y se confesaron unas a otras que se amaban) Esto fue demasiado para valentina se acerco a sus labios y la beso con amor, pero con el transcurso del tiempo al amor lo acompaño la lujuria. Valentina temblaba nunca había estado antes con nadie, tenia miedo de arruínalo todo , de lastimar a pía , la amaba demasiado ,El primer beso fue suave, pero poco a poco se fue trasformando en un beso más intenso, se necesitan una a la otra, vale corto el beso, miro a pía y esta sonrió nerviosa , bajo sus labios a su cuello y lo beso cuidadosamente . Pía tomo el control pronto , sentía a valentina temblar, y sabia que no era por el frio, Las ropas desaparecieron poco a poco, molestaban , la observo un rato bajo la luz de la luna , era hermosa, la beso suavemente primero en sus labios luego su cuello, clavícula y fue bajando hasta su ombligo. Era su primera ves también, ya que nunca hizo el amor con nadie, siempre la obligaron, siempre abusaron de ella, pero este momento era único, inolvidable para las dos Ambas sentían su corazón latir cada ves mas fuerte con cada beso con cada caricia, se sentían una a la otra, sentían su amor, su pasión, y se dejaron guiar por sus instintos ,El calor de la llamas calentaba sus cuerpos desnudos y las iluminaba, pero ninguna de las dos le prestaba atención a su alrededor se estaban amando en ese momento, el mar le sonrió a la luna y esta a las estrellas y todos fueron testigos de dos almas q se entregaban una a la otra. El sueño las inundo, y se quedaron dormidas abrazadas un ala otra, bajo la luna y la luz de las llamas, que poco a poco empezaron a ceder, la luna le dejo su lugar al sol. Pía fue la primera en despertarse, contemplo a valen por un tiempo, le beso la espalda y se visito. _Valen despierta, ya es tarde, nos quedamos dormidas Valentina se giro sobre si misma, y murmuro cosas inteligibles para un odio humano _ Pía se rio , beso su labios y le dijo_ Amor esta en desnuda , en una playa publica, si alguien nos ve , terminando en la casa de maca por alterar el orden publico. Palabras mas exactas no pudo decir, Valentina se levanto de un sobresalto y si definitivamente estaba como dios la trajo al mundo, vio la cara de Pía y no pudo evitar q un rubor recorriera sus mejillas. Y comenzó a vestirse deprisa, antes la atenta mirada de su amada. Pía auguraba en silencio, expectante que haría valen, porque lo q hicieron anoche, eso no lo hacen las amigas, tenia miedo q a valen le entrara el miedo, la culpa, y se aparta, se confundiera de nuevo y vuelva a ser distante con ella, eso si que no lo soportaría. _ Valen pareciera que leyó en la mirada de Pía lo q sentía , se acerco , le dio un beso muy tierno en la mejilla,. En son de broma soltó: _ No es justo vos ya estas vestida Pía le sonrió le acaricio la cara y le alcanzo su camperita, que estaba muy lejos se pregunto como había llegado allí y la inundaron los recuerdos de la noche anterior y enrojeció por un momento, si ya recordaba como fue a parara ahí. Valen se paro a su lado, le agarro de la mano y las dos caminaron juntas por la playa , rumbo a sus casas sin sabe lo que las esperaba . Las cosas cortas, los papas de valen notaron su ausencia, llamaron a maca preguntándole donde podría estar su hija. Esta les dio el número e la mamá de pía. Al recibir la llamada de los papas de valen, la mama de de pía se dio cuenta q su hija no estaba en la casa. Acto seguido ambos llamaron a Maca, y a continuación a la policía. Las chicas no esperaban venir lo q se le avecinaba, al llegar a la casa de la mama d pía estaba la policía los papas de valentina y maca Hasta un no vidente se daría cuenta de lo q paso anoche entre ellas. Maca noto la marca morada del cuello de pía, noto que cuando las chicas entraron a la casa estaban agarradas de las manos, y también noto el terror en los ojos de valentina al ver a sus padres ahí junto a la mama de pía. Actuó rápido se disculpo con la policía y dijo que todo había sido un mal entendido y se puso entre medio de las chicas y sus familias , porque sabia que lo que se avecinaba no seria nada bueno para ambos. Dicen q las personas compresibles, perdona todo, pero a veces la persona, que más quieren los defrauda de una manera que no lo pueden comprender, los lastiman demasiado y ya no los pueden perdonar, anqué les dula .Ese día fue el punto final para Pía. Le había perdonado todo, todo a valentina y le podría perdonar mucha cosas mas, pero supo en el instante q valen le soltó la mano, que lo q se avecinaba no iba a ser bueno para ella. Pero las palabras q salieron de su boca cuando su mama le pregunto q tenia con ella (\"Pía y yo solo somos amigas \") calaron hondo en su corazón, fue como una navaja que desgarraba todo su ser, después de lo q había pasado apenas horas atrás, negaba todo y volvía a su actitud distante. No llamo, no mando un msj de texto, no dio señales de vida en una semana. Se reprocho una y mil veces el haberse ilusionado, el haber creído que la amaba, pero aunque le doliera y le desgarrase el alma, valen no la amaba como ella quería. Lloro, lloro y mucho, pero dicen q llorando se saca el dolor del cuerpo, Llorando se sienten las penas y no las ocultas de tu corazón, y cuando parece que no se podrá dejar de sufrir, cuando ni lagrimas quedan, el dolor se va. Eso fue lo q le paso a Pía un día s e levanto y dejo de sufrir por valen, siempre la iba a querer pero, la dejo ir , aunque eso significase dejar su corazón dañado. Dicen q un clavo saca otro clavo Brenda _ S e te ve mas animada (acariciándole el rostro, estaban sentadas en la cama del cuarto de pía) Brenda la había acompañado durante esta semana, había sido su acompañante, su pilar, la ayudaba a superar el dolor q sentía por valen, y se ayudaban mutuamente a superar su pasado, tenían muchas cosas en común, nadie comprenderá jamás lo q ella paso , solo la q pasaron por lo mismo la entendería y Brenda era una de ellas. Pía_ Es q hoy toque fondo, decidí dejar de sufrir ( y le regala una gran sonrisa a Brenda Poco a poco, Brenda se acerca a los labios de Pía y cierra sus ojos, ella sabe lo q viene y recuerda lo q una ves le dijo valen (mereces q alguien te quiera de verdad) si realmente se lo merecía, cerro sus ojos y acto seguido se besaron. En su corazón sintió una chispa cuando sus labios se tocaron y e l agujero q tenia pareció irse llenando. De algo q le parecía familiar Valentina estaba perdida en un mar de confusión. Quería a pía con su corazón pero su mente le decía que no podía quererla de esa forma, que era su amiga, su familia la trataba de rara se avergonzaban de ella, estaba perdida y lo pero sola, no tenia con quien hablar, Ana no estaba la había perdido para siempre y tal ves también había perdido a Pía. No la había visto. Se dijo una y mil veces q la llamara, pero la cobardía pudo mas su mente fría le decía que era mejor así, q no la viera, q no la llamara. Sentía pena por Pía, otra ves la había traicionado, peor aun la defraudo, lo sabia. Estaba enojada con ella misma por no ser valiente, `por no demostrarle al mundo entero q amaba a pía, pero sobre todo estaba enojada porque una ves más la había lastimado. _Pía se dio cuenta de lo q estaba pasando y se aparto abruptamente de Brenda _ perdón, creo q esto no esta bien estoy estoyyy confundida y no deseó acerté daño y…. Brenda la miro y le sonrió _ Esta bien Pía, no tiene q darme explicaciones _Vamos al centro comercial (sonrió ante a mirada de perplejidad de pía le agarro su mano y tiro de ella para que la siguiera) Valentina decidió salir necesitaba despejarse, caminar, pensar y sobre todo salir de su casa, la situación con su familia cada día estaba peor necesitaba huir de todo, pero sobre todo de sus sentimientos. Lo q la inundo cuando vio a Pía de la mano con Brenda la encegueció. La razón quiso entrar en ella, diciéndole es lo q quieras q fuera feliz, pero recordó sus besos sus caricias y no podía evitar querer q fueran solo para ella, Pía era de ella. Pero no solo fue rabia, fue miedo a perderla, Valen siempre supo q Pía la amaba siempre estuvo segura del amor q esta le profesaba, pero por primera ves tubo miedo de que ya no la amara. Por primera ves en su vida valen se dejo guiar por los Celos. _PIA TENEMOS Q HABLAR (no fu un pedido, se lo exigió, esta a miro por un rato confundida y soltó la mano de Brenda) Luego miro de una forma a Brenda q esta sintió un pequeño escalofrío recorrer su espalda _ Vete, pía y yo tenemos q hablar _ Me iré si solamente si Pía me lo pide (acto seguido las dos la miraron, esta no sabia q hacer, estaba sorprendida por la reacción de valentina, muy sorprendida nunca la había visto así, parecía ¿celosa? Su corazoncito dio un brinco al pensar esto, pero la mirada de Brenda la saco de su nube, en su mirada vio lo q Brenda le decía en silencio, \"no vulvas a caer te lastimara de nuevo, valentina es así es un ser que no puede amar a alguien en especial, es un ser libre\") Pía miro a Brenda y le dijo _ me podes dejar sola un momento con valentina, tengo cosas q arreglar Valen sintió en ese momento alegría y miro a Brenda cuando partía con cara de me eligió a mi es a mi a quien ama. Pero de la forma en q le hablo Pía la saco de su momento de felicidad, parecía fría, distante _ valen que quieres (bueno esto si no se lo veía venir, no esperaba un abrazo, pero que fuera así tan indiferente no le agrado, esperar q le reclamara o que estuviera adolorida apero q actuase como q no le importase, eso si q no) _ Que haces con ella (estaba de mal humor de muy mal humor) _ No tengo porque darte explicaciones de lo que hago o no hago valen (estaba disfrutando este momento y mucho su valen parecía estar celosa de ella y en ese momento su alma pareció revivir, pero se asusto de la forma en q valentina la miro, retrocedió dos pasos y esta la siguió Pía leyó lo que le decía la mirada de valentina, su reclamo \"después de lo q paso en la playa me vienes con eso\" y dijo en vos alta contestando lo q pensaba valentina _ Tu y yo somos amigas (acto seguido la dejo sola,) Valentina se quedo parada con su rabia y celos a flor de piel, no le importaba q la gente q pasaba por el lugar la miraran raro, no le importaba nada , solo quedo pensando en lo ultimo que le dijo Pía, y tubo miedo no fue un reproche su vos denotaba tristeza, y ¿resignación ?[Chapter 2] Perdón por la demora, este cap es mas corto q el resto, le di un pequeño giro a la historia , para q pudiera pasar lo q pretendo , pero no son preocupen valen va a sufrir en mi fic y mucho jejeje Valentina pensó que nada podía estar peor pero cuando volvió a su casa, se dio cuenta que las cosas estaban mal, muy mal. _ Maca (estaba sorprendida, su vos denoto sorpresa, pero no era para menos al ver a maca sentada con sus papás en el living de su casa) _ Valentina ( su vos era firme y con un gesto de sus manos le dijo que se sentara , cosa q acato ,se sentó enfrente de ella , esperando que le dijera los motivos por lo cual fue a visitarla)., bueno como veos que has notado esto no es una visita para ve como has estado , ya les comunique el motivo de mi visita a tu s papas . _ Valentina podrías ir recogiendo tus cosas, por favor (fue su mama la que hablo, por la expresión de su vos no era una broma, estaba desorientada no entendía nada) _ No entiendo que (su mama la interrumpió) _ Solo recoge tus cosas Valentina, vuelves a casa de Maca, Maca te lo explicara todo luego. Se retiro a su cuarto a armar su maleta, Dejando a maca y su familia en el living Bueno definitivamente estaba perdida, que había hecho para volver a casa de Maca de nuevo, no entendía nada, pero un aparte de su ser estaba feliz de irse de esa casa que alguna ves llamo hogar. Su mama apenas la despidió, ni siquiera la saludo, ni un beso, ni un te vamos a extrañar nada, sabia que para ellos era un alivio que no estuviera ahí en su casa, sentían vergüenza de ella , y ella sentía rabia mucha rabia por ellos _ Nos vemos pronto valen ( fue su hermana la que hablo, se le notaba la alegría de que se fuera , al fin tendría el cuarto para ella sola) Valentina viajo callada, no pidió una explicación, sabia que maca se la daría al llegar a la casa. Se bajo Teo abrió la puerta y le sonrió, esta la abrazo, pero sintió un abrazo de oso, y la reconoció al instante _Marisa me estas ahogando _Jaja (sintió una riza familiar) _ ¿Adela? (pregunto, y cuando se pudo escapar de las garras de Marisa vio que no estaban solas) Esta la saludo con en gesto en la mano , asintió , pero su mirada se perdió , en otra persona de la sala alguien que estaba muy callada , sentado en un rincón. _ Pía (bueno definitivamente no entendía nada, porque estaban las 4 ahí si hace apenas poco más de un m s habían salido) Aunque estaba enojada con ella , verla ahí hizo que se animara un poco, bueno no era malo irse de su casa, y tenerla a Pía ahí en casa de Maca le daría el tiempo suficiente para q le explicara q hacia con Brenda y sobre todo estaría lejos de esta ultima. . Se sentó y espero las explicaciones de Maca, esta las miro una a una y luego de un silencio que pareció entero hablo. _ Adela me podrías dejar sola con las chicas, por favor Esta miro a Maca, luego sonrió y se fue de la habitación _ Bueno chicas, se que tiene muchas preguntas y tratare de respondérselas. Valentina no prestaba demasiada atención, solo miraba a Pía, esta no se le levanto a saludarla, ni siquiera la miro , Valen no pudo disimular su fastidio ante la actitud de Pía .. Por lo que escucho provenir de Maca, el juicio con kike, declarar ante el juez como perdió la casa, no le dio mucha credibilidad ante el juzgado, Por lo cual una tutora alterna, fue por casa de las chicas para evaluar si la decisión de maca fue la correcta o no, evaluar si estaban apta s para intrigarse en la sociedad. Ninguna de las tres supero la prueba, Al parecer la las señora o señor, hablo con sus papas, vecinos, etc. . Pero lo que definitivamente no las ayudo a ella y a Pía, fue la denuncia por desaparición que tuvieron. Por lo que dijo Maca, ese día fueron a hacerle una entrevista del juzgado, menuda suerte pensó, de todos lo días que podrían haber i do a su casa van justo ese, en el cual sus papas hacen un escándalo porque no fue a dormir a su casa, como si les importara, estaba segura que la desaparición, mas lo que le dijeron sus papas, la había echo volver a la casa. El caso de Pía fue distinto Maca tubo que explicar ante el juez porque acepto firmar el contrato con los Linares, no le quedo más remedio que confesar que Pía se había robado el dinero de la casa, motivo por el cual perdió aun mas credibilidad ante el juzgado . Bueno todo era color de roza hasta que Maca le dijo a ella y a Pía que dormirían en cuartos separados. Nunca en su vida encontró tan lindo el piso, era bellísimo, bueno eso no era cierto. La vergüenza que sintió cuando Maca les dijo eso, fue inmensa, el color de su rostro fue el mismo al de su pelo. Marisa las miro con curiosa, y sonrió pícaramente. Pía estaba igual que ella, al parecer ninguna de las dos se había dado cuenta antes de lo hermoso que era el piso de la sala de la casa de Maca. Por lo que contaron la chicas la situación estaba bastante complicada, El juzgado no veía con buenos ojos la actuación de Maca con las chicas, lo que paso con Kike, la administración de la casa, en fin la cosa estaba difícil, pero en el fondo, para valen fue un alivio volver, este era su verdadero hogar. Mari al parecer volvió porque Carlucho la denuncio por agresión, de nuevo, por lo que conto, el pobre no podrá tener hijos. Lo que realmente sorprendió a Valentina fue ver a Adela en la casa. Había vuelto hace como dos semanas, no conto bien porque, pero Valentina sabia la respuesta, definitivamente se habría peleado con Nachito y con el senador. Todo estaba genial hasta que Mari pregunto con tono inocentemente _ Y chicas donde fueron la noche en que desaparecieron ( las miro pícaramente ) Adela y Greta intercambiaron una mirada, Nina estaba perdida en su mundo y no se dio cuenta de la indirecta de Mari. _ La pregunta mi querida Mari es donde habrán durmieron (pregunto Adela en tono divertido) _Sera que habrán dormido (comento Greta en vos alta) Esto estaba mal, muy mal, y temió la reacción de la chicas cuando Mari…´ _MMM No se, pero Maca nos la deja compartir cuarto Pía la miro por primera ves , su mirada lo dijo todo en ese momento como ella deseo que al tierra se las tragara. _ Mari, es que seguramente no nos dejarían dormir de noche (Comento Nina en tono despistado, pero con malicia) Greta y Adela no podían para de reírse, hasta que esta ultima soltó. _ Sera que le sale como una lolita de adentro ( acto seguido miro a Greta que para evadir las cargadas que le venían solto9 _ Bueno, bueno. Mientras no nos deje atada a Valentina como a Kike , todo bien El Cuarto estallo de risas. _JAjaja ¿Sera?, para mi es al revés (Comento Adela casi ahogándose de riza acto seguido todas miraron a Valen, menos Pi a que encontraba interesante el piso de la habitación. Estaba roja lo sabia _Chicas a acostarse que es tarde ( Como amo a Teo en ese momento ) Pía se apresuro a subir las escaleras, Valen la siguió, era más que obvio que huían de la situación. Las chicas se quedaron abajo protestándole a Teo _ Pía espera (esta se dio vuelta y Valen no se pudo contener, la beso) La necesitaba, la extrañaba, no le importaba aguantar las bromas de las chicas, si podía estar con ella. Pía se dejo llevar, aun estaba enojada con Valen, pero sus labios, sus besos eran adictivos ._ Cof Cof (alguien tosió detrás de ellas y un sudor frio les corrió por el cuerpo) perdón por interrumpir su muera de \"amistad\" . Pero quisiera entrar a mi cuarto a dormir. Era Greta mañana seria un día muy, muy largo pensó Valentina le dio lugar a Greta para que apsara esta las miro con un picardía en los ojos . si mañana será un gran día pensó con aplomo. _Me voy a acostar Se acerco cuidadosamente y le dio un beso en los labios, Valen la miro embobada por un rato , luego se dirigió a el cuarto , le tocaría dormir con Adela Aun tenia muchas cosas que resolver con Pía, como por ejemplo que hacia la otra ves de la mano con Branda , pero ya habría tiempo para hablar,. Brenda estaba lejos, y tendría solo para ella a Pía Que tonta, si supiera que Brenda no se daría tan por vencida.. Pero mañana seria otro día, con mucha sorpresa, agradable para unos, pero muy desagradable para Valentina. Continuara …[Chapter 3] ACLARO NO ODIO A valen ,, por la persona que me pregunto , solo q estoy enojada con ella , pero no la odio jejeje acá va un nuevo capi espero q les guste Se levanto temprano, necesitaba desayunar sola, pensar. Lo había hecho de nuevo, la había perdonado. Estaba enojada con ella , por hacerse ilusiones, , aunque le doliese pensarlo , valen tarde o temprano se confundiría de nuevo . Y a no podían tener una simple amistad , ya no . Pero temía perderla, las chicas ya se dieron cuenta de lo que pasaba entre ellas, y sabia lo que se les venia, pero temía que valentina no fuera capas de enfrentarlo. Porque el mundo las iba a señalar, y el resto de las personas no serian tan compresivas como Adela Nina Marisa y Greta. Sinceramente dudaba que Valentina estuviera lista para defender su amor, para gritar a los cuatro viento lo que tenían, pero ¿que era lo que ellas tenían? _ Hola (Pía se sobresalto, estaba tan inundada en sus pensamientos que no sintió que había alguien cerca de ella) _Hola Brenda (le dijo sonriendo pero no pudo evitar preguntar) ¿que haces aquí ? Brenda sonrió y dijo : _ No te alegras de verme Si se alegraba y mucho , necesitaba una amiga en ese momento _ No seas boba, claro que me alegro, es que me sorprendió verte aquí Brenda la miro un rato y luego agrego contenta _ Es que Maca me pidió ayuda por unos días, es que Teo se va a ver a su familia o algo (acto seguido le acaricio la cara, Pía cerro los ojos, disfrutando el momento) Ninguna de las dos se dio cuenta que alguien las observaba Valentina también se había levantado temprano, quería hablar con Pía la busco en su cuarto y vio que ese había levantado. Pensó que seguramente estaba desayunando, pero cuando bajo al comedor lo que vio no le agrado en lo más absoluto. Brenda estaba hablando con Pía, su Pía y esta parecía feliz, en ese momento su corazón se detuvo. Pero cuando Brenda oso acariciarla, sintió una furia _ Perdón (su vos era seca y áspera, miro a Pía y luego le dirigió una mirada asesina a Brenda, esta entendió el mensaje y saco la mano del rostro de Pía) Valentina hizo algo que sorprendió a Pía y mas aun a Brenda La beso en los labios, Pía no se lo esperaba, y acto seguido agarro su mano, se sentó al lado de ella y miro fijamente a Brenda. Aunque Pía estaba sorprendida por la actitud de Valentina, no pudo negarse a s i misma que estaba disfrutando el momento. Tanto que decidió hacer una maldad, una pequeña venganza a Valentina. _ Brenda me alegra mucho que este unos días en la casa tengo muchas cosas que contarte (soltó la mano de Valen y agarro entre las suya las de Brenda) _ Brenda puedes venir un segundo (Maca la llamo ) _ S i voy Maca (le entrego una gran sonrisa a Pía , no miro a Valentina tal ves por miedo , solo ella sabe) Valentina estaba quieta muy quieta, el enojo empezó a entrarle de a poco, miro a Pía y esta se asusto nunca la había visto así , se levanto y huyo a su cuarto , pero valen no iba a dejar las cosas así como así. La siguió, que era lo que acababa de pasar se preguntaba, aun están aturdida, Pía había soltado su mano para agarrar la mano de Brenda, definitivamente no entendía lo que pasaba , pero necesitaba explicaciones y Pía se las iba a dar hoy ,si o si . Pía entro apresurada a su cuarto, no vio que en el estaban Adela y Greta conversando. Se sentó en su cama y agarro su tortuga, bueno directamente las estaba estrangulando. Greta y Adela la miraron con curiosidad y se preguntaron en silencio porque parecía tan nerviosa y miraba a la puerta de la habitación. Hallaron la respuesta rápido, Valentina entro hecha un furia miro a pía y se percato de que no estaban solas Adela y Greta entendieron que la cosa se pondría fea, valen miraba con odio todo lo que se le cruzaba enfrente. _ Nosotras ya nos vamos (dijo Greta) _ Si conversen tranquilas (ese tipo de comentario fue de Adela, ella sabia que tranquilidad no iba a ver) Pía las miro con suplica en los ojos la verdad que tenia miedo de enfrentar a Valen en ese momento, pero las chicas apreciaban mucho su vida para quedarse ahí . La dejaron solas , Valen la miro por un segundo , camino con amague de irse de la habitación o por lo menos fue la pequeña esperanza que tubo Pía . Fue peor tranco la puerta, para que no pudiera huir o no interrumpiera nadie. _ Que fue eso ( su vos sonaba tranquila, cosa que no tranquilizo a Pía) _Nada Valen _No me mientas, que tienes con ella (Pía levanto al vista y la miro a los ojos, por primera ves vio a Valen sufriendo por miedo a perderla para siempre, no como amiga, sino como mujer) Le demostró un gran sonrisa, estaba feliz, Valen la quería como ella quería que las quisiese. Le estiro una mano para que Valen la agarrase, esta titubeó un rato pero el amor pudo mas. _ Aun no has contestado mi pregunta (dijo, su tono era triste , Pía sintió lastima por ella en ese momento) Agarro su rostro entre sus manos con delicadeza, la miro a los ojos y le dijo: _ Con Brenda solo nos une una gran amistad, un pasado en común, solo eso, pero a ti te amo, mi Valientina. La beso con ternura, cerro sus ojos y disfruto cada instante, los labio de valen eran adictivos, muy a su pesar se separo de ella Valen la miro y le beso, pero este beso fue distinto, no era con ternura, ni mucho menos delicado, era pasión. Esta ves Valentina tomo el control de la situación, la acostó en la cama y se puso encima de ella, sus besos eran locos, apasionados, había deseado tener de nuevo a Pía entre sus brazos , que no podía esperar mas. Ni ella supo como pero en cuestión de segundos su ropa y la de su amada quedo desparramada en la habitación, se detuvo un momento y la observo por un instante . Pía se ruborizo, valen se rio ante esa reacción de su cuerpo y con una sonrisa picara, la beso en los labios lentamente, se alejo de nuevo un instante y vio en los ojos de Pía el deseo a flor de piel. La quedo mirando, era su pequeña venganza por lo de Brenda, Pía lo sabia , impaciente se modio el labio inferior , esto fue demasiado para Valen, el castigo termino siendo un suplicio para ella . Retomo lo que había dejado hace un instante atrás, no se aguanto las ganas y mordió el labio de Pía , y apresuradamente comenzó a recorres su cuerpo. Pía estaba perdida en otro mundo, esta ves solo disfruto de todas las sensaciones que despertaba en ella, su Valentina. Tiempo después , Valen estaba acostada con Pía, le acariciaba la espalda con mucha ternura, , hasta que un sonido saco a ambas de su transe,. Alguien intento abrir la puerta, pero al darse cuanta que estaba cerrada la golpeo y pregunto Paf paf _ Porque la puerta esta cerrada, HABRAN YA MISMO. Se miraron con pánico, saltaron de la cama y trataron de vestirse deprisa , si esa persona las descubría en esa situación … Continuara …. ","Summary":" Valentina caminaba hacia su casa tranquila, sintiéndose libre Pía había aceptado q su relación era "},{"Movie":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","Title":"Stranded","Author":"meowloudly15","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13204872","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hey, guys! It's meowloudly15 at the helm! And today, I've got for you the start of a story that I've been working on for the past month and a half! It feels so great to finally get it out there! I mean, I'm not done writing it, but still, you know that feeling, right? I saw Into the Spider-Verse the day after Christmas. I was already in love with Butch!Gwen, and the movie did nothing but help. But one thing about her origin story made me think. If she showed up to Brooklyn a week before the collider accident happened, what did she do during that week? And how did she really find her way to Miles? Those were the questions that I sought to answer by writing this fic. I'm currently set to post chapters twice a week on Mondays and Thursdays. Here's hoping that I can actually stick to a schedule for once in my life. DISCLAIMER: I do not own Spiderman: Into the Spider-Verse or any related characters. I am using them without permission. Please don't sue me. I hope you like it! PERSONS TAKING NOTICE Gwen slowly elevated herself to a sitting position on the solid concrete, rubbing her aching head. She breathed a sigh of relief upon noting that she was still wearing her Spider-Woman mask and costume, because people were gawking at her crash landing. At least, that was what she assumed her spider-sense was warning her about. Gwen scanned the area and noticed a disheveled man propping himself up from his seat on the stoop of an apartment building and looking her way. She also noticed a stained brown paper bag lying on the ground next to him. With any luck, the man would dismiss her as just being a drunken hallucination or some fashion of specter. She didn't see any other people nearby, so she presumed it safe to remain visible. UNFAMILIAR TERRITORY Right. Where on earth was she? Was she on Earth? Gwen stood up and studied the somehow familiar yet unfamiliar landscape. There was something about it that made it appear almost unrealistic. The city resembled Connecticut City, but was it? It was a different dimension, wasn't it. Gwen remembered what her spider-sense had repeated over and over as it went haywire right before she was sucked into the, uh... the weird bubbly thing. It kept saying \"INTERDIMENSIONAL TRANSPORTATION IMMINENT\". If that wasn't a tip-off, she didn't know what was. She ought to ask someone about where she was. But Gwen couldn't go talk to people at random while she was in her costume. They'd freak out. RISK OF NUDITY Right. She didn't have street clothes. They were back at her house, wherever that might be. She'd have to get some somehow. Gwen rummaged through her pockets, taking inventory. Extra web fluid; very important... phone; hopefully she'd get service... driver's license; probably not valid here... house keys; she hoped she'd be home by curfew but kind of doubted it... a notepad and pen; tools of the trade... earbuds… aha! Money! Only seven bucks worth of it! The stores here might not even accept her cash. Gwen sighed. She could steal something. Gwen clenched her fists. There really wasn't any other way, was there? IMPENDING MORAL CRISIS \"Thanks a lot,\" Gwen muttered under her breath, \"but I already saw that coming.\" And she needed to get a wallet, too, Gwen thought as she stuffed the crumpled bills back into her pocket. But that could wait. She had to find a store. In the process, she could explore this place. There was also a lot of other weird feedback from her spider-sense, Gwen recalled as she shot a webline towards the nearest street sign (it read \"Wideway\", which wasn't the name of any street that she knew of) and swung into the city. Something about \"HAIR-RELATED CRISIS\", and \"PIGEON SWARM\", and \"LOZENGE BOMBARDMENT\", and \"BLOODY PREDICAMENT\". She shrugged them off as her spider-sense just going haywire from the extreme duress that she was un- PIGEON SWARM Gwen looked up and found herself just feet away from a flock of pigeons which was headed straight towards her. She yelped in a rather undignified fashion and dodged between the startled birds, somehow managing to navigate through with only a few scratches. Okay, maybe the spider-sense was right that one time. But it was just a coincidence. Wasn't it? Gwen sighed and continued to web-swing, searching for a store as she traveled. What the... Bold Navy? Gwen swung to the building, clinging to its face and crawling down to peer in the shop windows. There were racks of clothes and mannequins inside. A few shoppers and clerks milled through the brightly-lit aisles. Huh. This place must have been this universe's version of Gold Navy. So what was the plan, what was the plan? SHOPPERS INCOMING Gwen flinched and crawled backwards to avoid being noticed by two young women who were emerging from the store. She had half a mind to steal the clothes from their bags, but she didn't know if they would be the right size or not. Instead, she vaulted through the automatic doors and clung to the wall above it inside the store, staying out of range of the cameras. The shoppers were another thing that her spider-sense had warned her about while going through the bubbles. Two coincidences? Maybe they weren't coincidences, Gwen wondered. There was no time to think about that. She needed to steal herself some clothes. But Gwen still hesitated, more out of nerves than anything. Should she be here? INCONCLUSIVE She sighed. She was here already; she might as well get it over with. Gwen clambered across the white-painted rafters on the ceiling, looking for something that she would wear while also avoiding the people passing beneath her. Nobody ever looked up. But it was best to stay safe. That grey shirt looked decent. Gwen used a webline to snag it from a pile, slightly disturbing the clothes to either side. She held it up to herself. A bit small, but it would fit well enough. A little further down, Gwen spotted pairs of khaki pants. She snatched one up, then returned it to the shelf upon realising that it was the wrong size. This time checking the label, she grabbed the correct one. Gwen grabbed a jean jacket and backpack to complete her ensemble and had started to stuff the clothes in the pack when she remembered that she had to take off the dye tags. She crawled back to the front of the store and took a tag remover, using it to pull off the tags and promptly returning it to its proper location. Gwen put the clothes away and took out her notepad, scribbling a quick message to the Bold Navy employees and firing it down to the checkout counter with a webshot. It read: \"I took some clothes from your store and I'm sorry but I needed them urgently. I'll pay you back asap. SW\" Gwen was about to leave when she realised that she needed different shoes. She couldn't run around town in teal ballet slippers. She hurriedly snatched a pair of blue sneakers before swinging out of the store. She landed on a nearby rooftop, searching for cover in which to don her new outfit, and spotted a stairwell entrance. That would be perfect. PERSONS TAKING NOTICE Gwen threw herself to the ground, anxiously glancing around for whomever might be looking at her. She saw nobody but still commando-crawled to take shelter behind the stairwell. She threw on the outfit on top of her costume, replacing her ballet slippers with the sneakers, and tossed her mask, gloves, and slippers into the bag. Standing up, Gwen examined herself as she tore the price tags off of her clothes, casting them onto the ground. The pants fit surprisingly well, as did the jacket, which also conveniently concealed her hood and web-shooters, but the shirt was a bit tight and the sneakers were far too loose. She was ready to go down and brave the city. GUARD ON WATCH Gwen opened the stairwell door and almost immediately found herself staring down a security guard. She froze in place. RUN NOW Gwen obediently turned tail and fled. The guard exclaimed and ran after her, waving his baton and flashlight. Gwen's feet slipped inside her oversize sneakers as she rounded a corner, heading towards another rooftop. The new shoes were only slowing her down; at least she was still running comparatively quickly, thanks to her super speed. She propelled herself to the next roof, her feet sliding as she jumped and reducing her traction on the ledge. She landed awkwardly on the raised lip of the other roof and rolled onto the gravel rooftop just below before the guard could see where she had gone. Gwen watched a flashlight beam pass over her head, waver from side to side, then vanish. She heard the distant crunch of boots on gravel receding and a man muttering something. She'd be caught if she stayed up here much longer, Gwen knew. But she couldn't exactly go wall-crawling down buildings in civilian garb. What if she asked the security guard where she was? Then again, she was wearing stolen property. And she was trespassing. Gwen did not want to risk getting arrested. ATOMIC DISJUNCTION What in the ever-living heck did that mean? Gwen was seized with a violent tremor, like an electric shock but extending through every inch of her body. She convulsed as startlingly bright colours flashed before her vision. She shrieked involuntarily through clenched teeth. The strange seizure ended as abruptly as it had begun. Gwen was left with only a pounding headache for her troubles. Through her rapidly receding pain, she heard louder, faster crunches of gravel and a man distantly saying, \"... someone on the roof, some girl just yelled. Probably the same one. I'm checking it out.\" Gwen stood up on unsteady legs and started to run. Her newly-stolen backpack thumped uncomfortably against her torso. She leaped to the next roof, tripped, and fell on her face not far from its edge. She picked herself up but froze in the blinding glare of a flashlight. Holding the flashlight was the same security guard that she had run into previously. Gwen must have jumped onto the first building in her confusion. She figured she already knew the answer but wanted to ask just to be safe: should she be here? NOT A CHANCE[Chapter 2] This sucked. Gwen asked herself again in the police station if she should be here. NOPE She attempted to facepalm but was restrained by the handcuffs attaching her to the metal chair. She looked back up at the police officer sitting in the opposite corner of the office. He was studying the contents of her pockets, which were laid out on a plastic tray on the desk. The cop held her driver's license up to the light and inspected it carefully. \"Forgery,\" he said, making a note on his tablet. \"That's another addition to the charges against you.\" Gwen stared at her feet. The license wasn't counterfeited, and neither was the money. It was just made by a government from another dimension. But the man would never believe her if she told him. \"And these pills,\" the officer continued, holding a capsule of web fluid between his thumb and index finger, \"are unlike any drugs I've seen.\" \"They're not drugs,\" interrupted Gwen. The officer – his name was Officer Robertson, according to his badge – turned to look at her. \"I'm sorry?\" Gwen backpedaled, knowing that she couldn't reveal the web fluid's real purpose. \"They're, well, they're drugs, yeah, but they're prescription. For my headaches and stuff. You know, the bad things. The ones you need medicine for?\" Officer Robertson raised his eyebrows. \"Migraines?\" Cover stories weren't exactly Gwen's forte. \"Yeah, yeah, I think so. Or wait. You mean migrations, right?\" \"They're called migraines, miss, uh, Gwendolyn Stacy. That is your name, right?\" \"What? Yeah. Yessir. That's right. But you can call me Gwen. Sir.\" \"And how old are you?\" \"S-sixteen last June, sir.\" Officer Robertson nodded and jotted down another note. \"Your fingerprints aren't anywhere in our database, so there's no existing charges against you, you'll be happy to know.\" He picked up Gwen's notebook and started to flip through it. Gwen knew that there was nothing incriminating in her notebook, since it was still fairly new. She'd used up what, two of them now? Regardless, there wasn't much in there. Gwen tried to remember what she'd written down so far. A shopping list, some lyric ideas for her band (although she knew Em Jay probably wouldn't care), random doodles; stuff like that. Nothing revealing her secret identity, thank goodness. It was weird being on the other side of the cuffs. Gwen was no stranger to the police force – her father had been a captain for as long as she could remember – but even that one time, after P-... after her friend was killed, she hadn't been interred. But, of course, Gwen knew what was coming next. She'd be thrown in a cell, she'd be given an attorney, she'd go to trial, she'd end up in prison, she'd be stuck on this parallel universe for the rest of her pitiful existence. It was enough to make her want to scream. Another factor which induced the same irritating effect was the constant feedback from her spider-sense, the incessant warnings of \"HOSTILE SITUATION\". Gwen knew that she was in hot water, and she didn't need to be notified about it a thousand or so times. But she didn't scream. She'd had a lot of practice bottling up her emotions. And if she did, it would likely get her in even more trouble with the cops. Officer Robertson set down the notepad and unzipped Gwen's stolen backpack, which, she now noticed, still bore the Bold Navy price tag. He removed Gwen's mask, gloves, and ballet slippers, and set them on the tray. A young red-haired man burst into the room. \"Hey! Hey! Handwriting sample! There's a thing!\" Officer Robertson turned to look at the man, who couldn't be much older than Gwen. \"Jake. What do you need?\" Jake held up a slip of paper with a ragged top edge which was partly covered with writing. \"This was recovered from Bold Navy just a little bit ago, and it has some sort of... chemical stuff on it. Dunno what it is, but it's sticky.\" He removed his thumb from the paper, holding it upside-down on his index finger, and it didn't move. Gwen's eyes widened. \"Your point is...?\" asked Officer Robertson. He examined the paper more closely, then looked back down at the notebook, flipping through it, finding a matching torn edge. His eyes lit up. Officer Robertson snatched the paper from Jake's hand and said, \"Go get a graphologist.\" Jake obediently ran out of the room. The cop studied a page in the notebook carefully, comparing it to the page from Bold Navy. He looked up at Gwen. \"This notebook belongs to you, right?\" \"Yessir.\" \"And you're the only person who has written in it?\" Gwen hung her head. She knew where this conversation was going, so there was no more point in keeping anything from him. \"Yeah. I wrote that note, and I stole the clothes.\" Officer Robertson raised his eyebrows. \"Is that so?\" \"Yessir. I'm wearing them right now, sir. Please, don't take them from me. The, uh, the stuff I'm wearing is the only clothes I've got right now.\" She wasn't lying. Her suit was under her clothes. Officer Robertson folded his arms across his chest. \"That's fine. You can wear them for the time being. We'll get you a jumpsuit tomorrow. But for now, you're staying overnight in the holding cell.\" Gwen nodded dejectedly. The uniformed man seemed to notice her downtrodden mood. \"Do you have any family to call and talk to?\" \"No, sir, uh, not around here.\" Again, she wasn't technically lying. \"All right then, kid.\" Officer Robertson unlatched one of Gwen's handcuffs and led her out of the room and through the halls to a holding cell. It was bare except for a cot, toilet, and sink. He released her into the cell, then shut the heavy metal door behind her. \"Try to get some sleep. I'll see you in the morning.\" Gwen stood in the middle of the cell, shaking, waiting for the man's footsteps to fade away. She punched the door, leaving a fist-shaped dent in it and making her hand throb. She fell backwards onto the bed and tried to sleep. Everything about this sucked.[Chapter 3] It was 1:33 am, according to the new guard, and Gwen hadn't slept a wink. She lay back on the cot, pondering what her spider-sense had said before she was sucked into the stupid vortex. She had come to the conclusion that the messages were precognitive, like the messages from her spider-sense were per usual, but came to pass after an unusually long time. The messages made no sense, though Gwen assumed that she would understand them when the time came, as with a typical prophecy. She felt like she had mistakenly received a backlog of messages that weren't supposed to be delivered so soon. So she was prophetic? It would explain a lot. Gwen's spider-sense was a voice inside her head, an inhuman sort of guide giving her a sense of trouble, of where and when danger existed and some notion of what form it took. At the same time, it was, for lack of a better term, weird. Its descriptions were unclear, and its sense of timing was erratic, if it spoke up at all. The sense confused her even after two years of having it around, and these new revelations didn't help in the slightest. All Gwen could conclude about her spider-sense was that it wasn't human but also wasn't a foe. But the clues, as she chose to call them, could help. That is, if she could figure out what they meant. \"BLOODY PREDICAMENT\"? What the bloody heck did that mean? Was Gwen going to bleed out or something? Did she need a transfusion? There was another particularly confusing one, too: \"MILES OF INTEREST\". Well, they were all confusing, but this one in particular had so many possible interpretations. Was there a super long line at the bank? Was there some fascinating road race coming up? And really? \"GAYNESS IMPEDIMENT\"? What even? Gwen was confused, but she wasn't going to let that one bother her. It didn't seem particularly important. \"MILES OF INTEREST\": now that one sounded important. So did \"PRIVATE SHED\". It sounded like it might refer to a private eye, but she doubted any of those still operated in the city. Or wait! A private school! Maybe? Gwen stood up and started to pace back and forth; she finally resigned herself to not getting any sleep. Where would there be a private school? From what she had seen while web-swinging, this alternate city – it was apparently called New York City – had a very similar layout to the Manhattan that she knew. It was the names of everything that were the most different (along with the state borders). Wait. What was that one message? \"VISION OF BROOKLYN\"? What was Brooklyn? Was it the name of a school? Another city? Some shed? Gwen needed a map. Would Googol Maps work on her phone? She needed to get out of here. IMPENDING MORAL CRISIS While Gwen hated the thought of breaking the law – again – and of breaking out of jail, she needed to figure out how to get home. And she couldn't do that if she was stuck in this stupid cell. But how to get out? Gwen walked to the steel door, looking out through the metal grating that served as a viewport. The guard was standing maybe ten feet from the door, stifling a yawn. She had half a mind to tear the door from its hinges and hurl it into the man. But that would attract too much attention, and she didn't want to injure anybody that much. So what could she do? ATOMIC DISJUNCTION Oh boy. Gwen gritted her teeth and somehow avoided crying out again. Another convulsion wracked her body, sending her reeling forward. But she didn't crash into the door. When she came to her senses, Gwen found that she was on the other side of it, standing in the hall. She wasn't complaining. GUARD ON WATCH Gwen leaped up and clung to the ceiling as the guard looked her way. Luckily, he didn't notice her. She crawled along the hall and found herself in a junction of corridors. Where was her stuff? She needed to get that before leaving. Now was a good time for her spider-sense to speak up. Nothing happened. Gwen sighed. She'd have to do this the old-fashioned way. Where did cops put their evidence again? Was it still in the office? Gwen tried to recall which way Officer Robertson had led her to her cell. They took a right, then a left. She retraced her steps, avoiding passing within the field of view of the security cameras. No cameras were ever set to look up. That was always a plus. Gwen reached the room and tried the door. It was locked. But what about the window? It was probably alarmed. No way. She could try to pick the lock, but she didn't know how. She could break or disable the lock somehow. But she didn't want to visibly tamper with anything. Was there a keyring somewhere? On the guard? Gwen looked behind her, analysing the guard's outfit. She didn't see any keys visible on his uniform. Oh, wait! She could just wait for another, uh, what was it called... atomic disjunction and phase through the door! It might take a while, but if Gwen had anything going for her, it was time. She positioned herself in front of the door and waited. For a while. ATOMIC DISJUNCTION The spider-sense woke Gwen up. She only just had the presence of mind to scramble over and cling to the door before the spasm hit. She passed through the door and landed awkwardly on the floor, lucky that she hadn't broken her neck. Gwen stared around her, still reeling from pain, breathing heavily as if her alarm clock had gone off and she had fallen out of bed. This was the office that she had been in, all right. She checked the clock on the wall and noted that it was now 2:50 am. She had definitely missed curfew by now. Where was her stuff? Gwen ran to the file cabinet set against the wall. It might be in there. She tried to open the bottom drawer. It was locked. She opened the next drawer up, hoping that her stuff wasn't locked up. Luckily, it was all in the unlocked drawer. Gwen pulled on her mask and gloves, shoved her phone into her pocket, stuffed the rest of her possessions into her backpack, and threw it on. She shut the drawer, trying her best to not make much noise. Gwen rushed to the window, hoping it wasn't alarmed. She opened the window, which serendipitously didn't have a screen, and leapt out. Now where would she go?[Chapter 4] Gwen pulled off her mask and ran away from the police station, looking back over her shoulder to assure herself that nobody had seen her leave. Nobody had, but she still needed to put as much distance between them and her as possible before they noticed that she was gone. She rounded a corner, slipping and nearly falling because of her blasted oversized sneakers. She really needed to make them fit better, since they might cost her a battle or something. But first, Gwen needed to get to a safe space. That low rooftop didn't look like it had any means of access. Gwen leaped onto the side and wall-crawled to the top of the building. Upon reaching the roof, she took a deep breath and tried to relax. Nobody was gonna find her here. No need to freak out. Her spider-sense would give her plenty of warning. Somehow, Gwen managed to calm down to the point where exhaustion overcame her and where she was about to fall asleep. Then she realised that it was a terrible idea to fall asleep on the top of a building. Where would she go in the morning? She needed to find some source of food, a shelter, a place to live for the time being while she figured out what to do next. And she had better start soon. Gwen knew that she needed to sleep, that her exhaustion would soon get the best of her. But she needed food and shelter just as much. She forced herself to stand up, stifling a yawn. She was struck with an idea all of a sudden. Gwen threw her backpack to the ground and took out the slippers. She removed her sneakers and put them back on over her ballet slippers. She stood up again and tried running. Surprisingly enough, her plan worked. Her shoes felt less awkward, and they didn't slip at all with the slippers filling up the extra space. Gwen nodded, satisfied. She felt more comfortable in her sneakers, at least, which was nice. Now she needed to figure out where she was. Gwen pulled out her phone and opened up Googol Maps. Surprisingly enough, she still had service, even in this alternate dimension (she wondered if she should give a positive Welp review if… no, when she got home), but the app threw an error when attempting to find her location. She sighed and closed the app. Gwen then opened up her texting app. She was about to text her dad when she wondered if there was another person in this dimension who had the exact same phone number. It looked like she was on her own. No way to contact anyone she knew; they were a universe away. No way to just hop on a bus and ride back home. Gwen was stranded. And she was alone. She was alone, with only her spider-sense to guide her, and lost, and... She didn't know what was up with her so-called atomic disjunctions, but they couldn't mean anything good. Gwen clenched her fists. There had to be some way to get home. There just had to be. She had gotten here, so there had to be a way back. She had no choice but to find it. Maybe her spider-sense could guide her. Maybe that was the purpose of the backlog of messages. Maybe they would help her get home. She took out her notepad and wrote down as many of the messages as she could remember. SHOPPERS INCOMING MILES OF INTEREST GAYNESS IMPEDIMENT RUSSIAN SPY PRIVATE SHED VISION OF BROOKLYN BLOODY PREDICAMENT OCTAGONS REPTILIAN BUG LINCH KING PIGEON SWARM HAIR-RELATED CRISIS LOZENGE BOMBARDMENT She hoped that she would have enough web fluid to last until she returned home. Gwen laughed to herself. She was lost, alone in a parallel universe, and she was worrying about her supply of web fluid. That would be the last of her concerns if she ended up stuck here forever. Speaking of which, she needed to get some sleep. Better now than never, regardless of whether or not she had real shelter. Rest was important. Gwen set her jacket down on the rooftop as a sort of makeshift blanket. She lay down on top of her jacket, resting her head on her backpack. It probably wouldn't be the best night's sleep she would ever have. Gwen fell asleep while wondering about Brooklyn.[Chapter 5] I just wanted to give a shoutout to gammathetaalpha, who has been so kind as to betaread my story starting with this chapter! Mad kudos! Anyway, enjoy! I hope you've liked it so far! Gwen sat up, blinking away exhaustion. She shaded her eyes from the bright glow of daylight emanating from the horizon. Her back was killing her, her right hand had gone numb from lying on that arm, and her mouth was dry. She mumbled, \"Don' wanna geddup,\" and fell back onto her makeshift pillow. She had a US history test today. She hated that class. Stupid AP courses and their stupid essay questions. Why had she taken it again? And why had she not studied for the test? It wasn't like she actually understood why it was called the French and Indian War, and she definitely couldn't write a whole essay about it in 45 minutes. She was out crimefighting, that was why. She had stopped a cutpurse, then she had gotten into a fight with some new supervillain, then… Oh. Gwen remembered where she was. UNFAMILIAR TERRITORY She had no school today. She smiled to herself a bit upon realising that. Her smile faded when she recalled that she had bigger issues than the indomitable APUSH tests. For instance, Gwen was starving. She needed breakfast. She could raid a gas station or something. IMPENDING MORAL CRISIS Her conscience was bothering her enough as it was from having been imprisoned. And anyway, the cops would almost certainly be on the lookout for her by now. Where could she go? Well, Gwen wouldn't accomplish anything if she stayed on this rooftop. What time was it? Gwen checked her phone. It was a few minutes before 7. In other words, it was way too early to be awake. But what was she going to do, lie back down on the uncomfortable rooftop and try to sleep a little longer? It was too late for that now. Gwen stood up on unsteady legs, rubbing her eyes. She put on her jacket and backpack and, after checking to make sure there were no passersby, leapt to the sidewalk. She put in her earbuds and started playing music through her phone. She walked along the side of the street, looking for any place where she could get food or water. Unfortunately, there was no such place in sight. Gwen turned down another street and immediately noticed that she had made a mistake. There were numerous graffiti tags on the grimy brick buildings. She started walking more quickly. SUSPICIOUS PERSONS A tall, swarthy man with a goatee and glasses looked her way and stood up straight from where he had been leaning against a street lamp on the other side of the road. He looked awfully sketchy. Gwen swore internally. \"What're you doing out so early, sweetie?\" he asked, a cocky grin spreading across his face. Gwen tried her hardest to control her gag reflex. \"That's none of your business,\" she snapped before realising how stupid it was to say anything. Where was her spider-sense – or better yet, her common sense – when she needed it? The man raised an eyebrow. \"And why's that? You lost?\" He walked across the street and stood on the sidewalk, arms folded across his chest. Gwen crossed to the other side of the road and continued on her way. The man walked parallel to her on his side of the street and called over, \"Why don't you tell me if you are? I can escort you.\" Gwen couldn't refrain from making another snarky comment. \"Well, if I'm at Brooklyn, then I'm not lost, so bug off, scumbag,\" she retorted. Well, there wasn't much more harm she could do at this point. The man jogged to her side of the street. \"It ain't. This is Manhattan. Just cross the bridge to the south, and you'll be there.\" Gwen narrowed her eyes and quickened her pace. He was probably lying to her. He seemed like the kind of guy who would find it funny to give people wrong directions. He was probably trying to lead her astray. \"Okay, I've helped you,\" said the man, matching her pace. His insincere grin was starting to weird her out. \"What're you gonna give me in return?\" Wait a second. \"SUSPICIOUS PERSONS\"? As in, multiple persons? She had to get out of here. \"How about this?\" replied Gwen. She whirled to the side and elbowed him in the throat. The man gasped for breath. He yanked out a switchblade. She turned down a side alley, breaking into a sprint. BLOODY PREDICAMENT Gwen dodged a bullet sent at her head and kept running. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw two hulking figures jump out of an alleyway and sprint after her. One waved around a sawn off shotgun; the other brandished a blood-stained baseball bat. Gwen smiled internally. They'd picked on the wrong little girl. She spun around, dodging another bullet that would have hit her arm, and charged at the nearest one. \"Lookit this, the little girl thinks she's gonna beat us up!\" the guy with the bat taunted. He pulled it back and swung. Gwen ducked under the bat, grabbing it and using the thug's momentum to knock him off balance. She ripped the bat out of his stunned grasp and brought it down hard on his crotch. He screamed. Gwen winced. Several hundred pounds of force hurt badly, no matter where the blow landed. She didn't envy the guy, although she didn't feel remorse for him. Gwen swung the bat into the stomach of the thug with the gun. He exhaled sharply and doubled over. Gwen dropped the bat, vaulted over him, and kicked the last guy in the face, snapping his glasses cleanly in half. He fell to the pavement with a thud. RECOVERING FOE The gang member whom she had hit in the gut staggered back to his feet. \"Who…\" he gasped. \"What–\" Gwen punched him in the face. He dropped like a sack of bricks, landing prone on top of the first thug. She inspected her stinging knuckles as she started walking down the sidewalk away from the three vagabonds. They had split, and a trace of blood was running down her fingers. She couldn't tell if it was hers or not. Looking at it sparked a memory. She looked back at the gangsters and noticed that they were wearing matching red armbands. The Bloods. That's who those hooligans were. That was one mystery solved. ATOMIC DISJUNCTION Gwen fell to her hands and knees as another spasm coursed through her. This time, she managed to keep her eyes open just enough to learn that the flashing colours passing through her vision weren't a trick of the mind. Her body flashed neon green, then yellow, then pink, passing through nearly all of the visible colours rapidly, one after another. She also… was she glitching out? When Gwen's disjunction ended, she had more questions than she had had beforehand. Those disjunctions were a mystery for another day. It was time to go to Brooklyn.[Chapter 6] I'm thinking I might take a week-long hiatus after posting this chapter to get further ahead on my queue. We'll see. Gwen figured that she would follow the guy with the glasses' directions because she had no other leads. If he was wrong, well, web-swinging was an awfully rapid method of travel, far faster than was walking. She could get wherever she needed to go quickly. At least, for as long as her web fluid lasted. Gwen mentally facepalmed. Why was she still worrying about that? She shouldn't be worrying about that. That wasn't a primary concern. Gwen looked around her one last time to make certain that nobody was watching, then pulled on her mask and gloves and attached a webline to the side of the nearest building. She broke into a sprint. Her legs moved faster and faster, effortlessly gliding along the ground, then skimming the ground, then leaving it altogether, as the webline pulled her up. She kicked up her legs like a kid on a swingset, let go of the line, and allowed herself to fly through the air for a moment before thwipping out another line that pulled her even higher in the air. Gwen quickly settled into a rhythm, as she always did. Thwip. Swing. Release. Fly. Repeat. But rhythms were boring. She knew that from her experience as a drummer. You had to change the patterns, play with conventions, stick with the framework to keep from crashing and burning, but no more than necessary. So she mixed things up while web-swinging, too. Gwen remembered her first time out web-swinging on her own, not long after Pet- after her old friend had made her a pair of web-shooters. It was hard at the start. But she had developed a rhythm, and that made everything easier. Again, it was just like drumming. You didn't give newbies complex patterns to learn and practice. You gave them a simple beat. They could learn from there. Have fun with it. Improvise, do new things. But at its core, the rhythm was always simple. Thwip. Swing. Release. Fly. But Gwen was no newbie. She was a seasoned web-swinger with over two years of practice, and casting out a line felt almost as natural as breathing did. Cool metal brushed against her as she narrowly passed through a narrow gap between buildings. She backflipped at the top of her swing before descending in a graceful arc, the sounds of distant traffic growing ever closer. Just before she hit the ground, she caught herself on another line. She ran along the side of the office complex to her right, then leaped off and swung as high up as she could, the chill wind whipping around her clothes. The world was the greatest obstacle course ever designed, and she was the playtester. All of a sudden, she ran out of buildings. Gwen shot a webline to the side, and it flew into oblivion. She landed en pointe on a street sign and surveyed the landscape ahead. UNFAMILIAR TERRITORY She saw water, a big river of some sort. There was land, and plenty of buildings on the far side. A large bridge gracefully arched over the water not too far from where she stood. Gwen happened to look down at the street sign as she jumped back to street level. It read, \"Brooklyn Bridge - 1/2 mi\". Street signs. She should have used street signs to find her way around. Gwen facepalmed. She felt like an idiot. At least she knew where to go now. Gwen took off at a jog in the direction of the bridge. It wasn't very cleverly named. She wondered if the island nearby was still named Long Island in this dimension. Her spider-sense went off. It wasn't any discernible message, just an incessant itch at the base of her skull. Gwen whirled around, instinctively taking up a fighting stance. What was the problem? Where was the danger? The spider-sense started to ease up, but its message kept repeating insistently. It was more coherent now. LIKE YOU LIKE YOU LIKE YOU Gwen spotted a flash of red and blue above the buildings on her side of the river. What was that? It showed up again, passing by quickly, then abruptly changed direction as though it had been yanked by a string. LIKE YOU Gwen leaped onto a stop sign, trying to get a closer look. She saw the figure again. It landed on a distant brownstone, darted along the roof, then bounded off and disappeared. It reappeared moments later, soaring through the air in a well-practiced arc. LIKE YOU Gwen's eyes widened behind her mask. The pieces fell into place. It was someone else with spider powers. LIKE YOU Gwen leaped down from her perch and started to run towards where she had seen the spider-person. She tore off the mask and stuffed it into her jacket pocket to avoid catching the attention of passersby. All of a sudden, somebody passed right over her head. Gwen instinctively ducked. The person caught himself on the wall of a building, sticking to it for a second, then leaped down and landed neatly on the street. He had the same bearing, the same acrobatic confidence, that she possessed. \"Sorry about that,\" the costumed man said. Gwen gasped. He had Peter's voice. \"I really should be looking where I'm going more. Sorry. Was in a bit of a rush. I'm gonna be late for class. I mean, fighting crime.\" The person with Peter's voice scratched his head nervously, just like Gwen's Peter would. \"You know. Gotta get out in the field super early, heh. You know how it is. Crime pulls all-nighters. Spiderman's gotta do that, too. I mean, you shouldn't do that, though. It's not healthy, you know. Leave that to the professionals. Like me.\" Gwen didn't respond. She was too busy staring at this… impostor? Who was he? He wasn't the Peter that she knew, that was for sure. She had watched him die. And now he was alive? Peter… this guy sounded just like him. He had the same mannerisms, the same verbal tics. He was even terrible at lying, just like Peter used to be. He was... Spiderman in this dimension? Peter gave Gwen a quizzical look. \"Stop staring, kid. Seriously. I'm too old for you. I mean, maybe. I probably am. I don't know how old I am. I mean, yes I do. But you don't. I mean, not that that matters.\" Gwen wondered how Peter could possibly have kept his identity a secret. \"Wait, how old are you? I'm guessing twelve?\" Gwen would have laughed, but she was too much in shock to react to anything. \"I'm gonna take your silence as a yes. Well, I gotta head off now. Stay frosty.\" Peter gave a salute, then fired a webline into the air and prepared to take off. He was leaving. That snapped her out of her fugue state. \"Wait! Peter!\" Peter's head whipped around. Gwen covered her mouth, immediately realising that she had used the wrong name. \"What? I mean, Peter? Who's Peter? What are you talking about? Are you talking to me? Because I'm not Peter. No. I'm Spiderman, you know. Not Peter. Sorry if I'm being a bit spastic. I had espresso this morning, and it always makes me jittery. But anyways, did you want something?\" Gwen just looked at Peter for a moment, clenching and unclenching her teeth. What could she say to this Peter? She knew this stranger but didn't really know him. She had lost Peter, but here, he was still alive. There was nothing to say. Gwen blinked more rapidly, and cast her gaze downwards. It wouldn't be quite the same. But it was still him. She ought to say something. \"I-I'm sorry,\" Gwen stammered out, before she could second-guess herself. \"Wait, what?\" asked a now bewildered Peter – no, Spiderman. He wasn't Peter. At least, not the same one. Gwen turned tail and ran away. She couldn't bear to face the boy whom she thought she knew for any longer. It was all too confusing for her. She hadn't bottled up her emotions nearly well enough.[Chapter 7] I make my triumphant sort-of-return! Chapter updates may or may not be on schedule from here on out. If they can't be, then I'll post them as soon as they're ready. Thought you guys deserved to know ^w^ Also, I changed the category that the fic is listed under. Thanks to LucyLuna for the heads-up! Gwen stopped running when she saw, not too far in the distance, a large suspension bridge supported by two massive stone columns. She surveyed the area for street signs and saw one that read, \"Brooklyn Bridge /|\". There wasn't much further to go. What would she do when she got to this town called Brooklyn? Again, she needed to find shelter. And food, she recalled, as her stomach growled. She would cross that metaphorical bridge when she came to it. Right now, Gwen needed to cross a literal bridge. Was there a sidewalk running alongside it, or a maintenance walkway? There was only one way to find out. Gwen headed to the bridge. Sure enough, the sidewalk continued up a flight of stairs and crossed the bridge, running parallel to the road. As she walked, Gwen tried not to think about Peter. She couldn't help it. Memories flooded back into her head, memories that she had tried to repress for two years. Peter J. Parker had been Gwen's best friend since junior high, despite being a grade above her. They first met by chance: Gwen was held after school for detention (she had been caught letting Kevin Martin cheat off of her), and Peter had stayed after to attend coding club. Gwen had left the detention classroom and was on her way to the office so she could call her father for a ride, when she passed by Kevin, who was hassling Peter. Kevin yelled at him, \"What did you call me, pipsqueak? What did you call me?\" Gwen walked over to them. \"Hey, Kevin! What're you bothering him for?\" \"Stay out of this, blondie.\" Kevin grabbed Peter's shirt collar and started twisting it. Peter yelped in surprise. Gwen stepped closer, hands on her hips. \"What did he do to you?\" \"He called me a… a… simple-\" \"A simplistic prokaryote,\" squeaked out Peter. \"But, you know, they both mean-\" \"Let him go,\" demanded Gwen. Kevin looked at her. \"What did you say?\" \"Are you deaf and dumb? I said let him go!\" Kevin folded his arms and pouted. \"All right, fine, whatever.\" Peter scampered away, and Gwen trotted after him. They introduced themselves and started to chat. Apparently, they lived pretty close to each other. Peter had been on Gwen's bus until the bus schedules had been swapped around. They also both liked science class best (although Gwen initially claimed to prefer lunch). By the time Peter's aunt had arrived to pick him up, the two had become fast friends. Although their paths diverged upon entering high school – Peter was fascinated by chemistry and studied it intensely, while Gwen chose to neglect her schoolwork in favour of music – the two remained close, although they never ventured beyond platonic friendship. Peter had a massive crush on Em Jay Watson, whom Gwen had admired at the time and who was considered \"simultaneously the most beautiful and most rebellious girl in school\". Gwen dated a couple of guys to seem cooler but was never truly interested in a relationship. After the ill-fated field trip to Ozcorp in which Gwen was bitten by an irradiated spider, she had confided in Peter about her newfound abilities. He, of course, was extremely excited, at least at first. \"Holy cow! Holy cow! Do it again!\" he yelled, eagerly hopping up and down after watching Gwen do a standing backflip in his basement. Gwen grinned, repeating the stunt. She was just as enthusiastic as he was, if not more so. Peter jittered around for a second, then darted to his desk, grabbed a notebook and pencil, and started scribbling down notes. \"Is that all you can do? Just the agility thing?\" Gwen replied, \"I don't think so. That's not even the highest that I can jump.\" She bent her legs and sprang up, easily placing her palm flat against the ceiling, which was around eight feet off of the ground. However, instead of coming down, she remained stuck to the ceiling. \"What the…\" Gwen panicked. She started jerking herself around, trying to unstick herself. She swung her legs up against the ceiling, bracing herself against it and pulling downward. All her efforts only made the drywall crack a bit. \"Peter! Pull me down!\" Peter obligingly rushed over and wrapped his arms around her torso. With their combined effort, they broke the plaster and freed Gwen's hand. She was left with a handful of sharp chips of plaster for her efforts. They looked at each other. \"You can stick to things,\" Peter commented as Gwen asked, \"Is your aunt gonna get mad that I broke your ceiling?\" They both started yelling at each other. Eventually, after a lot more testing and just as much confusion, Gwen managed to get a handle on the extent of her powers, and Peter took it upon himself to design her a costume and a pair of web-shooters. He drew upon research from Ozcorp to develop a fluid that, upon exposure to air, would harden into a solid for a period of time and then disintegrate. Of course, he needed somebody with superpowers to be his guinea pig. Gwen stood on the roof of her house at one in the morning for the first trial of the web-shooters. Peter watched from below, holding a stopwatch and notebook. \"Whenever you're ready,\" he called up. Gwen took a deep breath, stepped backward a few paces, and then ran along the ridge, firing her web-shooter at a nearby tree. She jumped into the air, grabbing hold of the webline, and plummeted to the ground as the line disintegrated in her grasp. Peter ran over to her, saying, \"Hey! Gwen! You okay?\" Gwen extracted herself from a rosebush, grumbling, \"Oh, Dad's gonna be ticked off.\" \"I'm sorry it didn't work. Next time, I'll-\" \"My dad's gonna be furious at me, and you know why? It was your bright idea to go jumping off the friggin' roof in the first place! And it was you who said we could just field-test this batch before we make any more! And now I've ruined my mom's old rosebush!\" Peter snapped. \"'We'? Who's this 'we' you keep talking about? You're not the one who's taking huge chunks of time out of his schedule to help out a friend! You're not the one who spent hours slaving over Ozcorp's research papers! You're not the one who started getting Bs on all his assignments because of all the time he spent working on this, this stupid little pet project! You're the one parading around with your spider-abilities, starting impromptu arm-wrestling matches in the cafeteria to win pocket change, showing off in gym class, all because you think you're so special! Well, you're not! You're just a stupid wannabe punk kid who just happens to have superpowers and who'd be failing in algebra if it weren't for me!\" Gwen blinked, then huffed. \"Go home, Parker. I'm going to bed.\" It wasn't until later that night when Gwen realised how much of a jerk she had been to Peter. She had made him freak out, all because she was mad about a stupid rosebush. She should have known that Peter's confidence was as fragile as his body. Gwen apologised to Peter, but their friendship was never quite the same after that night. Peter did perfect the web-fluid formula and gave her instructions for making more, but he stopped going out of his way to contact her. Indeed, even after stopping his web-fluid experiments, he seemed paler and more exhausted than usual. Gwen noticed a little itch at the back of her skull, a little voice in her head whispering \"GREEN MONSTER\", every time she saw Peter. For the most part, she ignored it. Gwen flinched unconsciously upon remembering these things. She wished she had listened. She wished she had reached out more. But then again, at the time, she hadn't known about her precognition. She hadn't thought that Peter needed her friendship as much. She hadn't known what he had been planning. Gwen finally shook herself free from her memories as she reached the end of the bridge and looked around. So this was Brooklyn. UNFAMILIAR TERRITORY She really needed a map, but going to a police station to fetch one was out of the question. Was there a tourist centre nearby? Maybe she could get a better view from above. Gwen put her mask and gloves back on and shot a webline to the top of the tallest building nearby. She leaped up and started hauling herself up the line, hand over hand, until she reached the fire escape to which her webline had attached. LOZENGE BOMBARDMENT Gwen furrowed her brow, tensing up, preparing herself for any sort of action, no matter what it might be. She turned sharply upon hearing a high-pitched scream inside the brick apartment and saw a little girl standing at the half-open window in her pajamas. The girl threw a cough drop at her and beat a hasty retreat inside. Gwen chuckled to herself. She then realised that the little girl's mother would probably be on the warpath, so she decided to climb up to the next level of the fire escape in order to survey Brooklyn. VISION OF BROOKLYN The message was accompanied with a persistent, very faint itch at the nape of her neck. Gwen had to slap her hand to the back of her head to make sure there wasn't a bug on her. She spotted a billboard that read, \"Visions Academy. Give your child a brighter vision for their future. Enroll now.\" That must have been it. That was where she needed to go. Gwen studied the billboard more closely. Did it mention the school's location anywhere? Sadly, it did not. Oh well. She had nothing better to do than to look for it. Gwen had begun to absent-mindedly drum her fingers on the railing of the fire escape when she saw a middle-aged lady peek her head out from the window of the apartment below. She hurriedly pressed herself up against the brick wall. The lady pulled her head back in and said, \"There's nothing out there. No need to worry.\" \"But I'm telling you, I saw a ghost! It was wearing clothes and stuff, but its skin was totally white, and it had no face! And it had this big weird lump on its back!\" \"That's nice, Cassie. But there's nobody out there.\" \"Exactly! It vanished! It's a ghost!\" Gwen chuckled. She supposed her costume did make her look a little bit like a ghost. Anyway, she had to find that school, but first, she needed something to eat.[Chapter 8] Gwen pulled off her mask and gloves and climbed down the fire escape. She jumped from the bottom level and landed lightly on the pavement below. Where could she find food? Gwen looked around. She appeared to be in a residential area. PERSONS TAKING NOTICE A young man on the other side of the road called to her, \"Nice jump!\" Gwen picked a random direction and started walking quickly. It was a bad idea to do things that might attract attention. She walked for a few blocks and saw what looked like a deli shop. A rotund Italian man stood outside of it, placing slices of turkey on a window ledge. A cat trotted over, meowing happily and loudly. IMPENDING MORAL CRISIS Not for the first time, Gwen cursed the presence of her moral compass. But she needed to eat something. Gwen waited for the shop owner to go back inside, took a quick glance around to make sure that nobody was watching her (there were a couple of people on the street, but they were absorbed by their phones), and then sidled over to the windowsill. She swiped the turkey before the cat had finished sniffing at it and popped it into her mouth. The cat meowed unhappily, so she gave it a quick scratch on the head before continuing onward. Gwen then realised how bad of an idea it probably was to eat something straight off of an unclean window ledge. She suppressed her gag reflex and swallowed. It would tide her over for a little while, at least. Gwen noticed the itch again, which was stronger now. She continued to walk down the road. The itch grew more and more powerful, then started to weaken again. Was it a homing signal? Would the sense direct her to Visions Academy? There was only one way to find out. Gwen turned around and kept walking until the itch regained its strength, then turned left. She crossed the street as a car honked at her. Typical Connec-... no, this was New York City. Typical New York courtesy. She really wanted a map. But for now, at least, her spider-sense would do. Gwen walked along the new street – it was called Park Drive – and felt the homing itch strengthen slightly. She kept walking, following the itch as it played a nonverbal game of Hot and Cold with her. She took wrong turns, backtracked multiple times, had a brief atomic disjunction, and collided with a No Parking sign. It certainly wasn't the most efficient way to travel, and it wasn't the most fun, but at least she had something to do for the time being. By the time Gwen had gotten about halfway through her music playlist, the homing itch was buzzing like a cell phone set to vibrate and was causing her a modicum of discomfort. She turned a corner and saw a large concrete building emblazoned with the words \"VISIONS ACADEMY\". On the street nearby stood a stocky police officer, sighing as he peeled a sticker off of a mailbox. VISION OF BROOKLYN Was school in session today? Gwen took out her phone and looked at the date and time. It was now 11:30 on October 1st, a Monday, so… Wait. October 1st? That was almost a week before the dimensional travel incident happened! Right? Did the calendar work differently in this dimension? How had her phone reset to this different date and time system? Gwen had a lot more questions, but her stream of thoughts was interrupted by the policeman walking over to her, saying, \"Hey, kid!\" She nearly fled. She thought the cop was about to arrest her. She assumed he recognised her. But she didn't move. \"Shouldn't you be in school?\" Gwen sighed in relief, then immediately realised that she needed to come up with an excuse. \"Yes! Doctor! The appointment thing! But it's over now, so I'm going back. Sir.\" The man nodded, then turned and walked away. \"Have a good day, kid.\" \"Sure thing, sir!\" Gwen gave the officer a quick salute before jogging over to the school. She looked behind her to see if the cop was still watching her. He was. Well, it looked like she had to go inside. Should she be here? YA-YUP Gwen swung open the door and walked into the school. The first thing she was struck by was how polished and modern everything looked. She was also struck by the lack of students in the halls. Maybe it was class time. Where should she go? RUSSIAN SPY What? A large man dressed in a grey three-piece suit walked over to Gwen. \"What are you doing outside of class?\" he asked. \"I, uh, I…\" Gwen stammered, at a loss for words. Was this guy some type of spy? The man squinted. \"I know the face of every student in this school, but I don't recognise you.\" Gwen tensed up. She assumed the man had recognised her from the police blotter. \"Sir, uh…\" \"Then you must be Wanda Maximoff.\" Gwen breathed a sigh of relief. She really had to put more trust in her spider-sense in social situations. \"The transfer student from Russia?\" Gwen gaped for a second, caught completely off-guard. \"Y-yes, dat es me,\" she finally said in the best Russian accent that she could muster on such short notice. That explained a lot. The spider-sense had been referring to her. The man extended a hand, smiling warmly. He modulated his speech carefully, hoping that it would aid \"Wanda's\" comprehension. \"It is a pleasure to meet you. My name is Doctor Bucci. I am the principal. Welcome to America.\" \"I-it, uh, eet eez mine plezoore also.\" Relieved to a point, Gwen shook Dr. Bucci's hand. \"I thought you would be arriving much later. We were not prepared for you quite so early.\" \"Ja, vell, I am here now.\" \"And indeed, whether late or early, your arrival is a pleasure. Allow me to take you on a tour of the school.\" The next thirty minutes were a blur as Gwen was dragged from location to location by the overeager principal. He talked about the courses she would be taking, \"reminded\" her about housing and dining and extracurriculars, told her about the supplementary English courses, diverted onto tangents, presented her with a riddle or two that she couldn't solve, then resettled onto the subject at hand. Gwen tried her best to remember all the information that kept getting thrown at her. Classes started promptly at 8:30; physics was first, followed by history, precalculus, et cetera; she was apparently listed as a freshman; she'd be in physics with the other transfer student who had arrived a couple of days ago; dorms were across the bridge (she was in room 118); study rooms were downstairs. There was a lot to remember. She didn't know how she could keep up this schedule, maintain her Russian facade, and somehow return home to her dimension. But she would figure it out. Gwen just needed to put more faith in herself. Also, she was starving. At least she wouldn't have to worry about meals any longer. Dr. Bucci finally returned her to the main office and told her, \"I'll send a copy of your schedule to your room, and I'll let your teachers know you're coming. Classes start tomorrow, so for now, feel free to relax, get lunch, explore a little. Also, we'll send up a uniform for you, plus all the assignments that you've missed. See you around!\" He waved and walked off. Gwen sighed in relief. She had plenty of time to figure out what she was doing.[Chapter 9] I'm really sorry I didn't have this chapter ready for you guys sooner. Hopefully next chapter will be on time, but I can't make any promises anymore. See you soon-ish. Gwen lay in an unfamiliar bed in an unfamiliar building in an unfamiliar dimension, staring at the dark ceiling. At least she felt safe here, safer than she did in the jail cell or on the rooftop. Though she hated to admit it, Gwen was looking forward to school tomorrow. Her life would be back to normal, at least in some aspects. ATOMIC DISJUNCTION Gwen sighed and shut her eyes as a painful spasm passed through her. She was lucky to not have a roommate due to being a \"transfer student\". She was also lucky to have successfully stolen toiletries and a notebook from a nearby Walblue's. IMPENDING MORAL CRISIS Gwen rolled her eyes. Having a conscience and a sense of responsibility and duty sucked. It was times like this when she wished she wasn't a superheroine. What would have happened if she wasn't one? What would her life be like? It would have been a lot more boring, that was for sure. She would probably have done better in her classes (that was a big if, knowing how little she cared about schoolwork before taking up the mantle), and she might have been more popular, considering that she would have had more free time to socialise. It sucked that she couldn't attend some of her band practices due to patrolling the city. While the rest of the band was okay with her absences, Em Jay was not. Em Jay had been getting on Gwen's nerves as of late. She really wasn't that great of a person. Gwen supposed that knowledge came both from getting to know her better and from not constantly hanging out with a guy who would compliment her at every opportunity. She sighed resignedly. Peter had snuck back into her mind. She really didn't like to think about him; she wished she had never met him. But then again, had she not met him… so much would be different, enough so that it was impossible to say quite what. Without conscious awareness, Gwen dipped into her memories of Peter. One Friday night, Gwen decided to don her nearly-new Spider-Woman costume and go out web-swinging. She had planned to stop by the park where Em Jay and her band were playing that night, just for kicks. She had told Peter about her plans, hoping to maybe meet him there and knowing that he would probably be interested even if only for the sake of seeing Em Jay. Gwen had only possessed her web-shooters for the previous two weeks, and while she had practiced as frequently as possible, she was far from being adept. However, she had only crashed into two streetlights, clipped the side of four buildings, and almost hit one car, which meant that she was improving. Improvement was key. Gwen reached the park and perched atop a nearby gazebo, scanning the crowd for her friend. She soon spotted him hanging around near the stage. However, several people also spotted her. \"Holy cow, how'd that guy get up on that gazebo?\" \"Hey, I think my mom almost hit that girl with her car the other day!\" \"What's a gazebo?\" \"Why's he wearing both a hood and a mask?\" \"Oh my GOD it has weird EYES this is UNREAL!\" Eventually, almost all of the crowd, including the band, was looking her way, pointing, taking pictures. Gwen grimaced, thankful for the mask. Peter stepped up onto the stage amid the confusion, grabbing the mic. Gwen saw him do so, although most of the crowd was too focused on her to notice. She wondered what on earth he was up to. Peter normally hated speaking in front of crowds, although she did see that his eyes were firmly screwed shut. All of a sudden, Gwen heard a loud voice yell through her mind, \"GREEN MONSTER\". She slapped her hand to the back of her head. Peter yelled into the mic, \"HEY!\" The crowd quieted down and looked at him. Peter, wearing an uncharacteristically solemn frown, started to speak. \"I want you all to understand what I'm doing and why I'm about to do it.\" The crowd was stunned into silence. Even Em Jay and the other members of Jackpot were too flabbergasted to move. The voice in Gwen's head kept repeating over and over, \"GREEN MONSTER\". Suddenly, the pieces fell into place. Jealousy was the green-eyed monster. But why was Peter jealous? Peter reached inside his jacket pocket and pulled out a small vial full of an acidic green liquid. The crowd gasped and collectively took a few steps backward. A few people in the rear turned and fled. \"Don't worry, this isn't a bomb,\" Peter tried to joke, but his flat affect belied any amount of humour which his words might have held. The crowd did not look reassured. \"This vial holds an untested serum, originally researched by Ozcorp but perfected by yours truly, which is intended to bestow upon the consumer superhuman abilities. In a few minutes, I'm going to drink it.\" \"No! Don't do it!\" yelled someone from the middle of the crowd. The corners of Peter's mouth lifted almost imperceptibly. \"Ah, but I haven't told you my reasoning yet.\" Gwen leaned in closer, a gnawing feeling in the pit of her stomach growing to match the itching at the nape of her neck. \"You know,\" Peter began, \"I've been overshadowed as of late. I've been overshadowed by somebody whom I know and whom I've been helping out and whom I'm close to. She was courteous enough to join us tonight.\" Peter extended the hand with the vial in the direction of Gwen, who didn't move. \"She was recently granted superpowers, you know, like Captain America. I helped her out. I put in hours of free time that I didn't have towards helping her, towards giving her gear and helping her practice her powers. And how does she thank me? She doesn't. She shoves me aside like she shoves everybody else aside. She only cares about herself! And she left me in the dust, no thanks, no gratitude, nothing! \"This girl, 'Spider-Woman', thinks she's so special. But you know what? She's not. She's just a little girl. Just a kid with a dorky Halloween costume. She doesn't think I'm special. Nobody thinks I'm special. But you know what? I'm gonna be special in just a minute. I'm gonna drink this, and I'm gonna be special, just like her. More special, even. You'll see. You'll all see.\" Peter uncorked the vial and tossed the cap away. He then looked at Gwen, his eyes boring into hers. \"You know what?\" he said, more quietly than he had been speaking before. \"I idolised you. I wanted to be like you. And then I realised how horrible of a person you are. I wanna be you, but better. I'm GONNA be you, but better.\" He raised the vial to his lips. Peter's words had cut Gwen to the bone. She reacted too slowly, shooting a webline that yanked back an emptied vial. Gwen yelled, \"NO!\" Peter smirked. \"Don't try and stop me.\" Somebody had had the bright idea to call 911. A few police cruisers showed up at the park. Police officers jumped out of their cars and rushed over to the scene. The crowd started to panic, but nothing happened. Peter frowned, anxiously running a hand through his short brown hair. \"I don't know how long it was supposed to take bef-\" He interrupted his own statement with an earsplitting scream. GREEN MONSTER The crowd finally lost control and fled the scene as Peter's skin started to morph. His body stretched like Silly Putty caught in invisible hands. Gwen yelped in horror, transfixed by the grotesque train wreck that was his transformation. Peter shrieked again, but it wasn't a human shriek. It was a screech worthy of the Cretaceous Park movies. His clothes tore open as green scales started sprouting all over his body. His hand, which was now twice its normal size and bore razor-sharp talons, crushed the puny microphone like a twig. Peter had become a lizard-like monstrosity. He roared one last time and charged at the police officers, who took shelter behind their cruisers and opened fire. Gwen had half a mind to stop them, but when their bullets started bouncing harmlessly off of Peter's scales, she decided to wait and watch for the time being. As soon as Peter decapitated the first officer, Gwen knew that she needed to do something, so she shot a webline at him and pulled him off balance. Peter snarled, then redirected his attention towards her. \"Oh boy,\" she muttered as Peter charged at her, his giant tail lashing behind him. She leaped out of the way as he smashed through the gazebo, sending shards of wood flying everywhere. As she landed, Gwen turned and started rapidly firing webshots at Peter, covering him with semisolid webbing. He tore through the webbing as if it were paper, then charged again. Gwen leaped into the air and landed on Peter's back. It looked like she would have to physically subdue him. But how exactly did one stop a rampaging lizard-beast? Gwen noticed that the police officers were holding their fire, apparently waiting for her to get out of the way. \"Kid!\" one cop yelled through a megaphone. \"What are you doing?\" \"Don't worry, I got this!\" Gwen yelled back, wrapping her arms around Peter's neck in a chokehold. She was lying through her teeth. She had no idea what she was doing. Peter thrashed around, trying to free himself from this pesky insect, but Gwen held on tightly. His startled roars started to weaken and change into whines. His thrashing grew ever more frantic, and he eventually managed to grab Gwen's right leg and start pulling on it. Gwen yelled and shifted her grip so that she could hold Peter's neck with only one arm. With her free hand, she started striking Peter's claws, desperately trying to extract them from her lacerated leg. Peter decided to try a different tactic. He let go of Gwen's leg and backed up into a large oak tree, smashing Gwen between him and it. He kept striking it repeatedly until Gwen was too bruised and beaten to hold onto him any longer. She dropped like a stone as the tree finally uprooted. Gwen came to her senses a few seconds later, just in time to see Peter charging at the line of police officers, who were futilely shooting at him. \"Call the SWAT!\" she heard one of them yell. The outburst was followed by several jarring screams of pain. She had to stop Peter before he killed them all. Loud chatter from a group of girls passing through the hall outside Gwen's room snapped out of her reverie. She missed Peter. She missed the poor guy with all her heart. Reminiscing about him wouldn't help anything. It was better to just forget, to stop thinking about him, to move on. Gwen wished she didn't have to move on. But she did. She had to push aside her feelings, bottle them up out of harm's way, because they were only going to get in the way. They were only going to stop her from being Spider-Woman. She couldn't risk losing anyone else. Gwen shook the depressing thoughts from her mind. There was no time to worry. She thought back to her earlier mental debate on what would have happened if she hadn't become Spider-Woman, and she recalled how in this universe at least, Peter had been bitten by the irradiated spider. What had happened to this universe's Gwen Stacy? Was she alive? Was she dead? Was she a monster? Had she even existed in the first place? Gwen was filled with a sudden compulsion to know. She wanted to know what the other her was like, what her family was like, how her father had fared, all of that. But that wasn't something she should worry about right now. Gwen lifted her phone from the bedside table (she had also stolen a charging cord from Walblue's) and checked the time. It was 10:40 pm. She ought to hit the sack. Tomorrow was a school day. Gwen set down her phone and drifted off to sleep.[Chapter 10] Sorry about the delay in terms of updates! Expect a new chapter either once or twice a week from now on. I will update on Mondays and Thursdays. Also, a bit of irony that I noticed a month or so ago (yes, I've been writing this thing for a while): Gwen is impersonating a Wanda Maximoff while at Visions Academy. If you don't get it, I'm not gonna explain it. Anyway, enjoy! Gwen blinked and rolled over. It was morning already, and she had a slight headache. She wished that night time could last a little longer. Speaking of which, what time was it? She lifted her phone from the table. It was 8:13 am. Oh no. Class started at 8:30. She had forgotten to set her alarm. Gwen hauled herself out of bed and threw on her uniform. It was a bit too big for her, but she didn't have the time to deal with any minor inconveniences. She darted through a silent hallway to reach the hall bathroom. It was unnerving, going to a school as selective and rigorous as was Visions Academy. Apparently, you had to be super smart to even be considered for it, and Gwen wasn't exactly what one would call academically rigorous. But if this was where she was supposed to be, she had to do her best. She wondered how that other girl, Wanda, whose identity she was borrowing, had gotten in. Was she just that smart? Was there trickery involved? Did it really matter? Gwen dashed back to her room and stuffed the thick navy folder full of her back work into her backpack. It was now 8:24. Here was hoping that the trip to class wouldn't be too difficult. ATOMIC DISJUNCTION She fell flat on her face as she passed through the doorway. It was just her luck. How on earth would she stop people from noticing her atomic disjunctions during class? She would have to figure that out on the fly, so it seemed. As Gwen jogged through the halls, she thought about her veritable mountains of back work. There were slide notes from history (keeping two different dimensional timelines separate was not something she was looking forward to), worksheets about trig functions, a physics problem set, a set of questions about the book Great Expectations, and plenty of other things to do. If she actually was Wanda Maximilian, or whatever her fake name was, she'd be working on these assignments until kingdom come. At least Gwen didn't technically have to work on any of the papers. IMPENDING MORAL CRISIS However, in addition to feeling bad for not turning anything in (curse her conscience a thousand times), she needed to at least pretend to be a normal student and not a trespasser from a parallel universe. Gwen started to chuckle. Her life sounded like a story from a cheap sci-fi novelette, or worse, an amateur superhero fanfiction. But this was her reality. Truth was indeed stranger than fiction. She managed to get to class right on time, thanks to her wall-crawling ability. Upon walking in, the teacher directed her to the seating chart. Gwen sat in the second row, near the middle of the room. There was an empty desk to her left. The teacher scanned the aisles of desks and asked, \"All right, does anybody know where Morales is?\" Nobody responded. The teacher – her name was Mrs. Quinn, Gwen recalled – nodded. \"That's an attendance deduction for him. Now, today is Technology Tuesday, so we're going to watch a fifteen-or-so-minute video about this cool new technology that's currently in development before we get to our lesson.\" She pulled forward a bulky television on a metal cart and slid in a DVD. The video opened with a brief animated Alchemax logo sequence. OCTAGONS A young woman who looked to be in her mid-thirties walked onto the set. \"Hi, everybody, my name's Doctor Olivia Octavius. I'm a theoretical physicist, chemist, and engineer at Alchemax, one of the world's leading research institutions. And I'm here today to explain the process of interdimensional transportation.\" Gwen's heart skipped a beat. She wanted to yell out something, to express some form of shock, but she couldn't. She was in class; plus, she was undercover. She had to act normal, no matter what. Gwen took out her notebook and pen and furiously jotted down notes as Dr. Octavius jabbered enthusiastically about spacetime and quantum mechanics. The lady's name sounded eerily familiar. Maybe Gwen knew her other-dimensional counterpart somehow? Was this lady the reason why Gwen was in this strange new world? All of a sudden, the door squeaked open. Heads swivelled around as a young dark-skinned boy snuck into the classroom, tripping over his untied shoelaces. MILES OF INTEREST Gwen felt the back of her neck itch. Mrs. Quinn paused the video. \"I see you skulking around in the dark, there, Morales.\" Morales froze, wide-eyed like a kid caught stealing from a cookie jar. \"Well, uh, Einstein said that time is relative, so maybe I'm not late. Everyone else is early?\" Morales grinned uneasily. MILES OF INTEREST So this guy was important. He didn't look particularly out of the ordinary, yet Gwen felt compelled to talk to him. Her head was aflame with ideas, with too many questions, with not enough answers. But not in the classroom. Nobody laughed at Morales' poorly-timed relativity joke. Both the sub and the students were stone-faced, watching him, unamused. Gwen saw one guy turn to the girl sitting next to him and whisper something. Feeling as though noise might relieve her of some of her mental tribulations, Gwen chuckled. She immediately regretted it upon noticing people turn to look at her, including Morales. \"I'm sorry, it was just so quiet,\" she half-explained. Morales, his cheeks a vivid shade of red, checked the seating chart, then sat down next to Gwen. Mrs. Quinn turned the video back on, and Gwen refocused her attention on it, trying to disregard her spider-sense's insistently repeated messages. MILES OF INTEREST Ten seconds later, Morales leaned over and whispered to Gwen, \"You liked my joke?\" \"Well, yeah, but not because it was funny,\" she truthfully replied. His face fell. \"It was smart, that's what it was. I liked that.\" Morales smiled and looked at her out of the corner of his eye. All the while, Gwen tried to figure out what significance this kid had. His name might be Miles, which would make sense. Was he secretly a superhero? He didn't seem like it. Was he secretly a supervillain? Again, he didn't seem like it. More than anything, the kid seemed normal. Perhaps that was the key. Maybe he wasn't quite as normal as he seemed. Gwen decided to not dwell on the issue quite so much and to focus more on the interdimensional transportation video. The information in it was both oddly fascinating and much more pertinent to her problem at hand. ","Summary":" A/N: Hey, guys! It's meowloudly15 at the helm! And today, I've got for you the start of a story tha"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"Cherry's Adventures of Chicken Little","Author":"PerkyGoth14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12681694","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was a beautiful day out today and it felt like nothing could go wrong. \"Here's your lunch, Tod, I'll see you later,\" Widow Tweed smiled to her fox as she set a bowl of food down for him outside. \"Now, you stay out here until I'm done cleaning.\" Tod smiled back to her before eating the food as she went inside to do some spring cleaning. After finishing his food, Tod soon went on his own. Suddenly, a hole was being dug up and Patch came out. \"Patch!\" Tod gasped. \"Hey, buddy,\" Patch smiled to the fox kit. \"You busy?\" \"Nope.\" Tod said. \"Okay, you wanna come to HQ?\" Patch asked. \"Hmm...\" Tod hummed before looking back to Widow Tweed and shrugged. \"Sure, why not?\" The two then dug underground together to get to Pound Puppies Headquarters as Patch had something to show Tod. \"So is something happening?\" Tod asked. \"We found out something that you might be interested in.\" Patch replied. Tod looked excited and curious. The last time was finding out that Nick Wilde from Zootopia was his long-lost uncle, what was next? Once they got to the HQ, Tod couldn't control his excitement. \"Tod!\" The Pound Puppies greeted just like he was one of them even though he was a fox kit. \"Hey, guys!\" Tod smiled back. \"So, uh, what's up?\" \"Tod, we found another one of your relatives.\" Strudel informed. \"Really?\" Tod smiled out of excitement. \"Yep, and guess who's going to come with you to meet them?\" Lucky asked. \"Is it Copper?\" Tod's eyes lit up hopefully about his best friend in the whole wide world despite the difference in their species. \"Not just him.\" Nick's voice said. Tod turned around and gasped. \"Uncle Nick!\" \"Hey, kiddo...\" Nick smiled before looking around. \"Huh, so this is the part of the world you live in?\" \"Yep.\" Tod nodded. Copper was now walking over to Tod. \"Copper!\" Tod beamed. \"Hey, Tod!\" Copper smiled back before seeing Patch's girlfriend there. \"Oh, hello, Colette, how's, um, Danielle?\" \"She's doing great.\" Colette said. \"Why?\" Patch smirked. \"Erm... No reason...\" Copper blushed. \"You like her, don't ya?\" Colette smirked. \"What? No...\" Copper blushed and nervously scratched behind his ear as a nervous twinge. \"Sure.\" Patch smirked playfully. \"Uh, so, Uncle Nick, do you have a daughter?\" Tod asked his uncle. \"No, why do you ask?\" Nick replied. \"Patch says we're gonna see my cousin.\" Tod explained. \"Cousin?\" Nick paused to think. \"Hmm... Oh! You must mean Foxy Loxy... I forget whose side of the family she's on, but she's a sneaky little thing sometimes.\" \"That sounds bad.\" Tod said. \"Yeah, I'm afraid Foxy's a bit of a troublesome kit from what I remember...\" Nick replied. \"From what I remember, she's in somewhere called Oakey Oaks.\" \"Yes,\" Patch nodded. \"Drell said there's an important factor about to go on over there with the one they call Chicken Little.\" \"Chicken Little?\" Tod asked out of confusion. \"Yes, he let me borrow this book,\" Patch replied before taking out a book and held it in his paws since he was a familiar now. \"The only child born to Buck Cluck and his late wife, Chloe Cluck, in the town of Oakey Oaks. He is a middle school student who is more or less the town laughing stock for thinking that the sky is falling.\" \"Why did he think that?\" Tod asked. \"That, I haven't been able to figure out, but it says something fell on his head and his father thought it was an acorn.\" Patch replied from reading the Chicken Little booklet. \"Wow.\" Copper said. \"I feel like maybe he had a dream,\" Patch guessed. \"Dreams can impact people a lot sometimes, especially Cherry.\" \"Right,\" Lucky nodded. \"So, you guys will visit Oakey Oaks to help out Chicken Little and his friends, Abbey Mallard, Fish Out of Water, and Runt of the Litter.\" \"Familiar time...\" Patch said before standing on his hind legs like a young boy. \"Does anyone have clothes we could borrow?\" \"I should have something in the closet.\" Cookie offered as she walked with Colette. And where they had plenty of clothes for the group. \"Pick your favorites.\" Cookie smiled to the younger ones. \"Thanks, Cookie.\" Patch smiled back as he walked into the closet with his friends for their adventure. And where they soon chose what clothes to wear. Nick waited for the others as he was checking out his phone and soon smiled as he liked status updates from Judy with a rather dreamy look in his eyes despite him being a fox and her being a bunny rabbit. \"Okay, we're ready.\" Copper said. \"Oh, uh, good!\" Nick smiled to them. \"I'll drive.\" \"Cherry and Atticus won't mind you gone, will they?\" Copper asked Patch since he didn't see the usual humans going on an adventure themselves. \"Nope.\" Patch said. \"What're they up to anyway?\" Colette asked. \"Some emergency festival, I think...\" Patch shrugged. \"I think it might be Twilight's Friendship Festival that she's going to invite everybody in Equestria for with that pop star: Songbird Serenade.\" \"Why aren't you going with?\" Tod asked. Before the Dalmatian could answer, Atticus came in his dog form. \"Atticus!\" Patch beamed. \"How's the preparation for the festival going?\" \"Um, I apparently got the day wrong; it's not today, but a week from today.\" Atticus smiled bashfully. \"Aw...\" Patch replied. \"So, where are Cherry and Mo then?\" \"Mo's stuck in her annual lessons with her Aunt Sarah and Cherry, well, she's getting used to walking on all fours.\" Atticus said. \"Cherry's coming too then?\" Patch asked. \"Yeah, she was right behind me, but like I said...\" Atticus nodded. \"Why, me?\" Cherry groaned as she came in in her own dog form. \"Why did I have to be a smelly, lousy, loud, annoying-\" she then looked to the other dogs and smiled nervously. \"Eh... Hello there, Pound Pooches.\" \"Pound Puppies.\" Atticus corrected. \"Right...\" Cherry smiled nervously. \"Uh, I wasn't talking about you dogs, I meant some others.\" \"Anyway, let's change the subject.\" Patch said. \"Right... So, where are we going?\" Cherry asked. \"We're gonna see Chicken Little.\" Patch replied. Cherry's eyes widened, she soon let out one leg and zipped out of headquarters to avoid going. She was soon blocked by a dog version of Drell. \"Erm... Nice doggy?\" she smiled nervously. Drell bit onto her collar and dragged her back to the others. \"I'm going, aren't I?\" Cherry groaned. \"Yes...\" Drell replied. \"You look kinda scary as a dog...\" Cherry shivered. \"Why did you have to be one of the scariest dog breeds in the species?\" \"I don't know.\" Drell shrugged. Cherry shivered and hid behind Atticus. \"Shame that Mo can't join us, but we're all set to go if you guys are.\" Atticus smiled to his dog. \"Thanks, Atticus,\" Patch smiled back. \"And I can't wait until that Friendship Festival in Equestria.\" \"You mean the one that's next week?\" Drell asked. \"Yes, that...\" Patch nodded. \"Twilight asked us to come over to go over some planning before she would tell Celestia, Luna, and Cadence.\" Atticus explained. \"Ooh.\" Drell smiled. \"Yeah, I'm really excited for when it starts!\" Atticus smiled back. \"It's gonna be bigger than the Grand Galloping Gala, the birth of Flurry Heart, the Canterlot Wedding, it's just gonna be amazing!\" \"It sure is.\" Patch smiled. \"Well,... I'll check my schedule to see if I can make it...\" Drell replied to them. \"But for right now, we must go to Oakey Oaks.\" \"Why do I have to go?\" Cherry complained. \"I don't even like the story of Chicken Little.\" \"Because if you don't; I'll torture you by sending you into Pinkie Pie's mind.\" Drell smirked. \"NO! PLEASE!\" Cherry begged. \"I'm so young!\" \"Then you're going with them.\" Drell said. Cherry shuddered and groaned. \"I'm looking into the coordinates right now.\" Strudel told the others as they got dressed. \"That's good.\" Atticus smiled. \"It shouldn't take so long,\" Strudel replied. \"I really hope you all have a good journey.\" \"I'm sure we will,\" Atticus replied. \"I mean, what could possibly go wrong?\" Cherry face-pawed at the question especially since she was forced into this. \"Got it!\" Strudel told them once she found them a way into Oakey Oaks. \"Perfect.\" Atticus smiled. Once they had the information, they were then set to get going on their mission. Drell and the others went underground while Cherry just stood there and smirked as she was about to dig the hole back up. Unfortunately for her, she was stopped. Cookie took a deep breath and barked loudly. Cherry yelped and soon fell into the hole after the others. \"Nice for you to join us.\" Drell smirked. \"I hate you...\" Cherry mumbled as she was literally dragged into this. Patch took the lead as everyone followed after him. \"So, first I have an uncle, and now I have a cousin...\" Tod commented. \"I wonder what's next, I'm descended from Robin Hood?\" \"Robin Hood wasn't a fox.\" Cherry scoffed. \"Let's keep going.\" Patch said. \"Good boy.\" Atticus smiled. Soon enough, Patch dug up into the surface as he came up in front of the welcome sign of Oakey Oaks along with a billboard for a movie called 'Crazy Little Chicken: The Movie'. \"Wow.\" Patch said. Everyone else soon came back out of the hole as they were in Oakey Oaks now. \"Okay, according to this, Chicken Little is a school student, and we need to see Principal Fetchit to get enrolled.\" Patch told everyone as he read a plan he made since Atticus taught him how. \"Which way is it to the school?\" Tod asked. \"It should be... That way.\" Patch replied before pointing one direction. There was a school bus that had a bunch of animal students run to get onto it, though a young chicken boy seemed to miss it and it seemed to be driving off without him. \"One of us should stop that bus.\" Copper said. \"Got it!\" Atticus said before zipping off like a cheetah. Cherry spun around slightly in dizziness before flopping on the ground. \"Goosey, when that chicken starts running after the bus, hand me my acorns.\" Foxy Loxy smirked to her sidekick. Goosey nodded with a honk. The bus was soon driving off and Chicken Little soon tried to run after it since the driver didn't seem to notice him. Atticus soon arrived in front of the bus. The bus driver whistled to himself before jolting slightly as the bus was suddenly stopped, and which ruined Foxy Loxy's plan. \"Excuse me, but you forgot some new students and a regular one.\" Atticus told the stork bus driver. \"Oh, uh, my bad...\" The stork smiled sheepishly. \"Come on, gang!\" Atticus smiled to the others. \"I'll meet you guys in school!\" Drell called out as the others came onto the bus with Chicken Little. \"Dang it.\" Foxy Loxy groaned. Goosey Loosey did her best to comfort her friend. Foxy Loxy rolled her eyes as Chicken Little and the others came onto the bus. Atticus smiled politely before he went to sit down with Cherry while Patch decided to sit with Chicken Little to become a helpful friend. Tod and Copper soon sat together. They smiled to each other as they were going to be school students for today. \"So, uh, do you really like Danielle?\" Tod asked. \"Yeah...\" Copper stared at the floor while blushing. \"Isn't there a fox girl that you like?\" \"Nope, I've never met one...\" Tod shrugged. \"I'm the only fox in the neighborhood.\" \"Oh, well, I'm sure you'll meet one someday.\" Copper said. Tod nodded before looking out the window. Goosey honked to her best friend and gestured to Tod. Foxy Loxy looked over to Tod before shrugging. \"No, I don't think I know that kid.\" Goosey began to honk a few more times as she looked at both Tod and her best friend. Foxy Loxy looked to both Tod and Copper. \"He's friends with a hound dog?!\" Goosey nodded. \"Why?!\" Foxy asked. Goosey shrugged a questioning honk. Tod and Copper began to get curious looks at them from almost everyone. \"I kinda wish Uncle Nick could've rode the bus with us.\" Tod muttered as he hugged his own tail in worry. \"Don't worry,\" Copper soothed. \"He and Drell will be at the school.\" \"Hey, uh, thanks for stopping the bus for me...\" Chicken Little told Patch. \"No one's ever done that for me before.\" \"No problem.\" Patch said. \"You're new kids, huh?\" Chicken Little asked. \"I guess that's why you're being nice to me. Everybody calls me The Crazy Chicken.\" \"Why's that?\" Patch asked even if he did know. Chicken Little sighed. \"Well, last year, I was sure the sky was falling... I saw something shaped like a stop sign, but it was blue with a white cloud on it, but my dad told everyone it was just an acorn and everyone keeps making fun of me for it.\" \"Yikes.\" Patch winced. Chicken Little bowed his head with a sigh. \"Oh, well, at least I still have my friends.\"[Chapter 2] The bus soon stopped and the students got off of the bus to hang out until the bell would ring and bring them into class. \"Hey, Chicken Little, you're on time for once.\" A rather hideous duckling smiled. \"GAH!\" Cherry winced and cringed. \"What happened to your face?!\" The duckling glared. \"I was born this way.\" \"Yikes!\" Cherry replied. \"Very nice...\" Drell glanced at Cherry. Cherry smiled sheepishly. \"Come on, kids,\" Drell told his students like they were his own children. \"Time to get you enrolled. We better not let you miss Gym Class.\" \"That's right.\" Nick added. They all then followed Nick and Drell into the principal's office to get enrolled into the school. Atticus took a look at the trophy case. \"Looks like baseball's a popular sport in this school.\" \"Looks that way.\" Tod said. \"You seem to have different breeds of dogs for children, sir...\" Principal Fetchit told Drell. \"I believe in diversity...\" Drell made up. \"Ah.\" Principal Fetchit said in understanding. \"Also, Tod is my nephew,\" Nick replied, which was very true. \"We're very close.\" \"So I see...\" Principal Fetchit said before handing them forms. \"Just sign these and your children will be enrolled into our school, and hopefully if we hurry, they can make it to Mutton Class.\" \"Of course.\" Drell said. The two soon signed everything and once everything else was taken care of, everyone was in their first class which was called Mutton Class and the teacher was a sheep named Mr. Woolensworth. \"All right, class, before we begin, we have some new students,\" The teacher told his class before gesturing to them. \"Please, stand up and introduce yourselves to the class.\" The group soon stood up. \"All of you...\" Mr. Woolensworth replied. Cherry rolled her eyes and soon stood up. Everyone told the class a little something about themselves before sitting back down in their desks. \"All right, very good...\" Mr. Woolensworth nodded as he checked the role call sheet to take attendance. \"Foxy Loxy?\" \"Present, pretty, and punctual.\" Foxy raised her paw with a smirk. Tod simply rolled his eyes at that. \"Goosey Loosey?\" Mr. Woolensworth called. Goosey honked in response. \"Master Runt of the Litter?\" Mr. Woolensworth called. \"Present and accounted for, Mr. Woolensworth replied as he tried to stand up with his desk stuck to his fat body and he tried to pick up his pencil only to fall on the floor. 'Well, that's embarrassing.' Cherry thought to herself. \"Loser!\" Foxy coughed. \"Henny Penny?\" Mr. Woolensworth continued. \"Here!\" \"Ducky Lucky?\" \"Here!\" \"Fuzzy Wuzzy?\" \"Here!\" \"Morkubine Porcupine?\" \"Yo.\" A cool looking student replied with a deep voice. 'Wow.' Copper thought to himself. \"Fish out of Water?\" Mr. Woolensworth continued. A fish with a diving helmet filled with water bubbled and appeared right next to the adult male sheep before he sunk down, disappearing. \"Quite... Abigail Mallard.\" Mr. Woolensworth continued. \"Ugly Duckling!\" Foxy coughed which made most of the class laugh. \"Class, I will not tolerate rude behavior at the expense of-\" Mr. Woolensworth glared. \"No worries, Mr. Woolensworth.\" Abby replied as she was used to it by now. Due to Abby's rather hideous face, Mr. Woolensworth was startled. \"You mustn't sneak up on me, Ugly, uh, Abby...\" The teacher told the duckling which made her roll her eyes. \"Where was I?\" \"Ugly Duckling!\" Foxy coughed again. Abby blew a raspberry to Foxy who just rolled her eyes. \"Chicken Little?\" Mr. Woolensworth called. \"Here!\" Chicken Little replied. \"Ah, Chicken Little, good to see you not tardy for a change.\" Mr. Woolensworth commented as he checked his name on the roster. 'I wonder what our lesson will be.' Copper thought to himself. \"Class, turn to page 62, and translate each word in 'Mutton',\" Mr. Woolensworth said as he brought out his book and began the language lesson. \"He.\" \"Baa...\" The students droned, sounding bored out of their minds. \"She.\" \"Baa...\" \"They.\" \"Baa...\" \"We.\" \"Baa...\" 'This is boring.' Cherry thought to herself. Tod looked like he was about to fall asleep. No one seemed to blame him as everyone found the class to be quite boring. Luckily, they were in the gymnasium and that class was over. \"Okay, everyone, listen up!\" The coach told the students. \"I don't wanna hear any quacks, tweets, oinks, whinnies, or cockaly-doodle-doos, when I say... DODGEBALL! \" \"Nice.\" Atticus said. Some students cheered while some looked unfortunate. \"Pump it up!\" Foxy beamed while Goosey flexed her wings. \"Pump it, pump it, pump it!\" \"Split into two teams,\" The coach told the students. \"Popular vs Unpopular.\" \"Of course.\" Cherry rolled her eyes. \"Coach?\" Runt raised his hoof. \"Yeah, Unpopular?\" The coach replied. \"Uh... Shouldn't we review safety guidelines?\" Runt asked. \"Sure,\" The coach smiled before glaring. \" HIT THE PIG, KIDS! \" \"Seriously?\" Patch asked. Everyone soon began to play dodgeball against each other, but Runt was having trouble due to how big he was in his class despite being the smallest in his family. \"These animals don't know who they're messing with.\" Patch said. \"Calm down, Runt!\" Abby advised the pig. \"Just... Just do what Fish is doing!\" Fish began to dance like a robot as he dodged the balls. Runt tried to copy Fish only to get hit by numerous balls. \"So, how's it going?\" Abby asked Chicken Little. \"Incoming on your right!\" \"Thank you!\" Chicken Little replied as he dodged with her help. \"Well, today went great; I got on the bus with some help and I wasn't tardy.\" \"No gum on the sidewalk?\" Abby asked. \"I was just about to do my usual plan, but thanks to my help, I didn't need to.\" Chicken Little smiled. A donkey student soon kicked balls with his back hind legs into a stork's mouth until a billy goat butted him to make the balls fly, but the donkey ducked and laughed at them until the balls nailed him on the head. \"Well, I heard about the movie,\" Abbey told Chicken Little. \"Tough break.\" \"How bad could it be?\" Tod asked while he dodged a ball. \"Hey, maybe it'll just go straight to video?\" Abbey suggested. \"That's the least of my problems,\" Chicken Little shrugged. \"This morning, my dad told me I should just basically disappear.\" \"Wow.\" Copper said before dodging a ball. Chicken Little helped Abby back to her webbed feet as she nearly fell on the floor while dodging a ball. \"But you know, that's not gonna get me down,\" Chicken Little said, feeling inspired. \"Because I have a plan. Do you wanna hear about it?\" \"Uh-oh.\" Abby muttered. Runt ran in the background while using Cherry as a shield. \"Seriously?!\" Cherry glared at Runt. \"Warthog at 3:00.\" Chicken Little told Abbey. \"I see him!\" Abby replied as she took the ball and struck the opponent on the other side and he squealed out of pain. \"YES!\" \"So I figure, all I need is a chance,\" Chicken Little continued. \"All I need is a chance to do anything great, and make everything forget about the whole sky falling thing once and for all. And then, my dad will finally have a reason to be proud of me.\" \"I see that ending badly.\" Cherry said. There was a whistle heard and Chicken Little and Abby ended up in each other's arms from surprise. \"Time-Out!\" The coach called as he opened the door for Morkubine who had a bunch of balls stuck in his quills. \"Nurse!\" As soon as they left, the other students brought out their phones and called each other on them. \"Whew.\" Tod sighed out of relief. \"So, whatya think?\" Chicken Little asked his female best friend. \"Okay,\" Abbey replied. \"Listen... You said the sky was falling, your dad didn't support you, and you have been hurting inside ever since, right?\" Chicken Little tried to tell her, but she kept tuning him out so she could help him. \"What happens now is that the nut needs to be cracked open,\" Abby advised. \"And not one little chip at a time, but BAM! SMASH! Bits of emotion flying everywhere! Anger! Frustration! Denial! Deep depression in fact! You see what I'm saying?\" \"Uh...\" Chicken Little stammered, feeling totally lost and confused. \"Okay, forget the nut part,\" Abby rolled her eyes. \"But the main thing is that you've got to stop messing around, and deal with the problem!\" \"Oh, okay,\" Chicken Little said. \"Yes-\" \"I have an idea,\" Cherry spoke up as she walked over. \"What about if you guys talk?\" \"Perfect.\" Abby agreed. \"It's good for a father and son to bond...\" Cherry added. \"Wait, hold on, see!\" Abby replied as she then went to her backpack to show the guys some magazines. \"It's in this month's Modern Mallard! Incredibly appropriate!\" \"I told you, I have a plan.\" Chicken Little replied as he took the magazine and gave it to Fish. \"We know.\" Atticus said. \"CosmoDuck says you should stop squawking the squawk and talk the talk,\" Abby continued as she gave more magazines to Chicken Little who gave them to Fish. \"And Beautiful Duckling says avoiding closure with your parents can cause early molting. See? Closure!\" \"That's right.\" Cherry said. The girls tried to talk with Chicken Little as Tod and Copper giggled as they watched Fish making an Empire State Building out of pages from the magazines. \"Come on, you're not a loser,\" Abby told her best guy friend. \"You're eventful and resort full, and funny, and cute-\" Chicken Little seemed to hear that last part. Abby soon babbled and stammered before quickly changing the subject nervously. \"Runt! Should Chicken Little have a good talk with his dad, and clear the air or keep searching for Band-Aid solutions and never work the problem?\" \"Band-Aid solutions.\" Runt chuckled. \"Runt!\" Abby complained as she didn't want that answer before face-palming. \"Sorry, I'm bad at reading facial cues.\" Runt smiled nervously. \"Fish, what about you?\" Atticus asked. Fish babbled and bubbled as he was on top of his building and swatting at paper airplanes he made as he imitated King Kong before falling on the gym floor, melodramatically. Tod and Copper clapped to that as it entertained them very much. \"Men...\" Abby rolled her eyes at her guy friends. \"Good thing I'm here.\" Cherry said. \"I'm glad for that.\" Abby smiled, glad to have a female friend around. \"Twas beauty that killed the beast.\" Runt quoted as he held a human paper doll. Fish nodded in agreement before playing dead. \"Sometimes only girls can be good in communication and sensitivity...\" Cherry told Abby before they were both suddenly pelted by a ball from Foxy Loxy even though it was a time-out. \"Hey!\" Tod glared. \"That does it!\" Chicken Little also glared as he stormed toward the school bully. \"We're in a time-out, Foxy Prepare to hurt, and I don't emotionally like I do!\" Foxy soon snapped her fingers with a smirk. Goosey soon grabbed Chicken Little by his comb before jiggling him up and down and splatting him onto the window. \"That has to hurt.\" Patch winced. Almost all of the other kids laughed as Chicken Little slid down the window, his friends tried to help him only for Goosey to block him and chase them off while honking angrily, and grabbed on to something for support only for it to be the fire alarm and he set it off which made the bells ring and the sprinklers drenched everyone in the gym with water. The coach soon came back into the gym and glared once he saw who pulled the fire alarm. \" CHICKEN LITTLE! \" \"It's Foxy Loxy's fault!\" Tod told him. \"Chicken Little pulled the fire alarm.\" The coach replied. \"I know it looks like that, but Foxy Loxy made Goosey Loosey throw Chicken Little at the window and he fell on the fire alarm.\" Copper added to defend his best friend's claim. \"LIES!\" Foxy replied falsely. \"Those new kids are trying to make me sound like a bully!\" \"Because you are!\" Cherry glared. \"I am not!\" Foxy glared back. \"Coach, Chicken Little did all of this and he's framing me for no reason with his friends!\" \"Sir, I know we're new students, but you have to believe us...\" Patch begged the coach. \"Foxy Loxy and Goosey Loosey did this, not Chicken Little.\" \"Besides, how could he even reach the fire alarm?\" Cherry asked. \"All of you in the principal's office right now!\" The coach demanded. \"You too, Foxy Loxy and Goosey Loosey!\" Foxy and Goosey looked to each other actually nervously since they were busted too.[Chapter 3] Soon enough, they all sat down outside of the principal's office door and their parents were called. \"I can't believe they got me in trouble, Goose,\" Foxy said to her best friend. \"Can you imagine? Me! Just the victim of a poor and innocent crime!\" \"Seriously?\" Atticus asked. \"You call what you two did to Chicken Little innocent?\" \"Stay out of this or I'll make you!\" Foxy snapped. Goosey honked in agreement. \"I was told to never hurt a lady, but I might have to break that rule.\" Atticus glared as he stood up with his paws, ready to fight. \"Don't, Atticus,\" Tod said. \"She's not worth it.\" Atticus huffed and crossed his arms. Soon enough, Nick and Drell came along. Nick glanced to a female fox who looked a bit gray and he looked at her like he hadn't seen her in years, as there was something part of his past besides being treated like a predator due to being a fox in a scout group. 'Amy Foxworthy?' \"Oh, Foxy, what am I going to do with you?\" Foxy's mother sighed to her daughter being sent to the principal's office. \"But-\" Foxy Loxy started. \"But nothing, we'll talk about this later, let's go home.\" Foxy's mother told her. \"Yes, Mother...\" Foxy muttered softly. Soon enough, Foxy and her mother walked out of the school to go home as Nick couldn't help but stare at the fox woman. \"Uncle Nick?\" Tod spoke up. Nick blinked and shook his head before smiling. \"Hey, kiddo.\" Tod soon hugged his uncle and looked up at him. \"Foxy Loxy tried to blame us for the fire alarm and getting Chicken Little in trouble.\" \"Just be glad she didn't eat him.\" Nick smiled sheepishly as he hugged his nephew back. \"Oh, I am.\" Tod said. Chicken Little's father named Buck Cluck soon came next after Foxy and Goosey's parents took them home, and where this time, he wasn't in trouble. \"You and your dad don't talk much, do you?\" Patch asked Chicken Little. \"He mostly ignores me,\" Chicken Little frowned. \"He says I'm an embarrassment.\" \"Well, my dad used to ignore me, but he never meant to,\" Patch soothed. \"There were 101 of us after all, but we're still close whenever I call him.\" \"So, that big dog's not your dad?\" Chicken Little asked, referring to Drell. \"No, he's more of a guardian angel.\" Patch said. \"Sure wish I had one of those...\" Chicken Little sighed before he looked to the trophy case from his school to see his father as a baseball champ which gave him inspiration to maybe sign up for the team to impress his father and make everybody forget about the whole sky falling incident. Buck soon left Principal Fetchitt's office so he could take Chicken Little back to their home, and where soon, it was Nick and Drell's turn. Cherry leaned against the door with a glass to listen in on the conversation. Drell opened the door once they finished and Cherry fell into the room before standing back up with an innocent grin. \"Luckily you kids aren't in trouble.\" Drell said. \"Yeah, that Foxy Loxy is a big bully!\" Cherry replied. \"Also, this town is filled with bullies, they're all making Chicken Little into their scapegoat because of one little accident!\" \"But Chicken Little's a chicken, not a goat.\" Copper told Cherry. Cherry groaned and rolled her eyes. \"No, Copper,\" Patch told the hound dog. \"Cherry means that Chicken Little is getting picked on by everybody for no real reason.\" \"Oh...\" Copper smiled sheepishly. \"Sorry.\" \"Now let's get to our place.\" Nick said. \"Come along then.\" Drell added. They soon left the school together as it was now night time and time for bed. \"Uncle Nick, why'd you look at Foxy Loxy strangely?\" Tod asked. \"Oh, um, well...\" Nick stammered nervously. \"She... I... We... Um... I'll tell you later.\" \"Wait, did you have more than one sister?\" Tod asked. \"Not that I know of, but Tod, I actually met a young vixen back in my day...\" Nick sighed. \"Her name was Amy Foxworthy, and... Well... How can I explain this to you with you being a little kid and me a grown man?\" \"No way, did you two...You know, do it?\" Atticus asked. \"Well...\" Nick smiled innocently. \"Like I said, life was rough, especially when I ran away from Mom and Lydia... Amy and I dated for a while, she kinda liked my bad boy side, though on the inside, I was a little unhappy with what I was doing... She then told me that she was pregnant, and I pretended to be a secret agent and I had to leave the country, so... I kinda abandoned her and the baby.\" \"Good thing Judy doesn't know that.\" Drell said. \"Yeah, what Carrots doesn't know won't hurt her.\" Nick replied. Tod wasn't sure how to feel, but he kind of looked like he felt bad for Foxy to grow up without a father. Maybe that was why she was a bully. \"So, how was school?\" Drell asked the others as he made a house out of his own magic so they could blend in with the townspeople of Oakey Oaks. \"It was good until Foxy Loxy and Goosey Loosey ruined it.\" Cherry said. \"Yeah,\" Atticus added. \"They were real pains... I can't stand bullies.\" \"I know the feeling.\" Nick said. \"Bullies are the worst...\" Patch agreed with them. \"But don't worry, I'm sure Chicken Little will have a decent day tomorrow. We better watch the baseball try-outs and the game.\" \"Baseball's fun to watch.\" Cherry agreed. Everyone else gasped at her. \"What?\" Cherry asked. \"I like watching baseball games in person.\" \"That is just surprising.\" Mo said. Cherry just rolled her eyes at the others' reactions. \"Air Bud would love this.\" Patch smiled. Everyone soon went to sleep after a big day beginning their adventure, though Tod was still curious about his Uncle Nick's relationship with Foxy Loxy's mother, and where his dream was starting to show what might have happened back then. Nick was shown as an older teenager as he was roaming the streets with a black leather jacket and blue jeans with chains as he looked like a rebel. There was a young gray fox girl who was crying on a bench as he passed by. \"Why, what seems to be the problem, little lady?\" Nick asked. The fox girl sniffled as she wiped her eyes with her bushy tail. \"My boyfriend stood me up...\" She told him since he was the first one to ask her. \"He's such a pig!\" \"Well, if he stood you up, then he's missing out on a great girl.\" Nick said. \"Oh, you're just saying that...\" The gray fox replied. \"No, I mean it...\" Nick said as she sat with him with his hands in his pockets. \"I'm just trying to figure out what to do with myself, I just ran off on my 'rents old place, and I'm looking out for me, but if you'd like, I'll happily take ya with me.\" \"Really?\" The gray fox smiled. \"Of course...\" Nick nodded. The gray fox smiled and Nick soon smiled back to her. \"What's your name anyway?\" Nick asked. \"Amy,\" The gray fox replied. \"Amy Foxworthy.\" \"Nice to meet you, Amy,\" Nick nodded. \"I'm Nick Wilde.\" 'Okay, this is weird.' Tod thought to himself. The two soon became friends, but would soon become something more. Tod looked around until some time seemed to pass and Amy hugged Nick and kissed him. \"What's the big fuss?\" Nick asked her. \"Oh, Nicky, this is fantastic!\" Amy beamed. \"Now we can get married because I'm pregnant! You're gonna be a father!\" Nick's eyes widened as he didn't seem to like the sound of that and had to think of a way out of this and fast. 'I wonder how Uncle Nick got out of this.' Tod thought to himself. \"Amy, I know we promised to not keep secrets between us, but I must go...\" Nick told the gray fox. \"What...?\" Amy asked. \"What do you mean?\" \"I'm a secret agent,\" Nick lied slyly. \"I didn't want to tell you because they promised to kill me if they found me here, but I have to leave the country or else we'll both be in serious danger. It's probably best that you pretend that you never met me.\" \"Wow.\" Tod rolled his eyes. \"Will I ever see you again?\" Amy asked. \"Probably not...\" Nick replied before walking off and he lowered his sunglasses as he stopped. \"Take care of the kit for me...\" he then said before winking. Amy felt very emotional as she was going to be all alone and raising a baby all by herself as she believed Nick's lie. \"Uncle Nick, why?\" Tod sighed. Tod soon woke up and looked to his uncle with a sigh. He wasn't sure what was worse, the conning and scamming in Zootopia or the lying just to avoid being a father to a girl who needed his help. The next morning soon came. Cherry didn't want to wake up and everyone tried to get her out of bed. \"Cherry!\" Drell yelled. Cherry yelped and fell out of bed. \"You're welcome.\" Drell smiled to the others. \"Morning.\" Tod greeted Cherry. \"Hey, kiddo...\" Cherry replied before standing up and stretching out of slight pain. \"Are you okay, Tod?\" Copper asked his best friend. \"Oh, just had a crazy dream...\" Tod replied softly. \"What was it about?\" Nick asked. \"Abandonment...\" Tod muttered. \"Is this about what we talked about?\" Nick asked nervously. Tod looked up and nodded. \"I can't believe you just walked out on someone just because you didn't want to be a father.\" \"I know, kiddo,\" Nick sighed. \"I was a very different fox before I met you guys and Carrots.\" \"Let's get going then.\" Atticus said. They soon went off as Chicken Little had signed his name for the sign-up sheet for baseball try-outs. The coach soon handed the team their baseball mitts, but when he saw Chicken Little, he gave him a puny baby mitten due to his small size and to humiliate him. The team was soon in their uniforms and there was a game going on, and Fish, Abby, and Runt came to the game to support their friend, and where Foxy Loxy seemed to be the one that always got home runs. \"Atticus, you know how I feel like Drell treats me like I'm nothing?\" Cherry asked. \"Yeah?\" Atticus replied. \"I think he's nice compared to the townspeople of this world.\" Cherry commented, seeing how poorly Chicken Little was treated by almost anybody else. \"I agree.\" Atticus said. \"Lean to the left! Lean to the right! Come on, Acorns, fight, fight, fight!\" The mascot cheered as there was a big game today with Foxy bringing them there due to her extreme success. \"Goooo, Acorns!\" Fish roared as his face was painted the school colors and he was excited about today's game. \"I think Fish might have beat your fan-o-meter, Cherry.\" Atticus said. \"Hm.\" Cherry rolled her eyes. The game went on, but Chicken Little hadn't been able to play in the game at all so far and the team didn't seem to have a problem with that since they thought they were better off without him. \"There's excitement in the air, ladies and gentlemen!\" A dog announced. \"This has been two decades since Oakey Oaks has beaten their rivals: The Spud Valley Taters! And now, only down by a single run, we still have a chance. This excitement isn't about the fun of baseball, or the prize. It's about the gloating and rubbing their noses in it, the 'Nah-nah-na-na-na! We beat you!' taunting if you will that comes with the winning.\" 'Wow.' Patch thought to himself. Fish took out a soda can and even crushed it against his helmet. \"That's right,\" The dog continued. \"Oakey Oaks and Mayor Turkey Lurkey will finally have bragging rights again for one full year!\" The mayor did as his cue cards told him as he joined the people in watching the baseball game. \"This battle has taken a heavy toll on our hometown heroes,\" The dog announcer continued. \"After nine grueling innings and several players out with injuries, the Acorns are scraping the bottom of the roster. Hopefully, there's just enough muscle on the bench to pull out a win. Up next...\" He then shuddered in disgust once he realized who was next up to bat. \"Chicken Little.\" The audience seemed to groan as they felt like they had no chance of winning now and even the mayor wept hopelessly. \"Oh, wow.\" Cherry said, unimpressed. \"Clearly a long shot, folks,\" The dog sulked. \"Little hasn't been up to bat once since joining the team.\" \"He's gonna lose the game for us!\" A cougar who sat next to Buck panicked. \"But wait!\" The dog announcer continued. \"If he can just get a walk and advance to first, that powerhouse, Foxy Loxy can step up and save us all. She's had a terrific game so far. A shoo-in for the MVP trophy.\" \"Go, Chicken Little!\" Tod and Copper cheered. \"Okay, kid, listen up,\" The coach told Chicken Little. \"You have an itty-bitty, teeny-tiny strike zone. There's no way he can throw you out! Take the walk. Don't swing.\" \"Yeah, but Coach, I have a good feeling-\" Chicken Little tried. \"Look at me, look at me,\" The coach replied. \"Don't swing.\" \"And you think I'm strict.\" Drell said to Cherry. \"You seem pleasant compared to him...\" Cherry replied. \"I'll never complain about Gym Class ever again.\" \"Good girl.\" Drell said. \"Just please no rope climbing or running laps?\" Cherry begged. \"We'll see.\" Drell replied as they continued to watch the game. \"EASY OUT!\" A stork from the other team called out as Chicken Little came up to bat. The other team members then decided to just chill out since they thought they would win this game. On left field, the catcher was chasing his tail since he was a dog, in center field, the catcher there was eating the grass since he was a cow, and the catcher on the right field dug underground as he was a groundhog. \"Play ball!\" The donkey umpire called out. \"Oh, boy.\" Atticus sighed. \"Why him?!\" The cougar complained as Buck face-palmed. \"Why now?!\" \"I won't embarrass you, Dad,\" Chicken Little promised as he held the bat. \"Not this time.\" \"Here's the wind-up, the pitch!\" The dog announcer announced as the stork threw the ball. \"It's a high cutter.\" Chicken Little missed the ball, nearly falling due to how big the bat was compared to him which made the opposing team laugh at him as that counted as a strike much to the dismay of the coach. \"Uh, maybe he'll get the next one?\" Patch smiled nervously. \"Ladies and gentlemen, I'm not going to sugarcoat it,\" The dog announcer commented. \"I've seen roadkill with faster reflexes.\" The pitcher soon caught the ball again and tossed the ball and Chicken Little missed, causing another strike. \"I said 'Don't swing'!\" The coach glared. \" DON'T SWING! \" The audience and the other players begged. \"No.\" Morkubine even agreed. \"Maybe we should just leave.\" Cherry said. \"Wait for it...\" Drell told her. \"Today is a new day...\" Chicken Little whispered to himself. Time seemed to slow down as the next ball came down. Everyone didn't look at first, until... \"Take away my squeaky toy, it's a hit!\" The dog announcer proclaimed. \"A hit?!\" Cherry asked out of surprise. The others repeated this as they were just as surprised as she was. \"But wait! The batter is still at home plate,\" The dog announcer narrated before flipping out as the ball came toward the lazy catchers. \"He's standing in a daze. Run, kid, run!\" \"Go, son!\" Buck told his son. \"Run! RUN!\" Chicken Little kicked his helmet back on before running the wrong way at first. \"Wrong way!\" Atticus called out. \"Turn around!\" Cherry added. Chicken Little realized he went the wrong way and turned around. \"I've never said these words before, but he's actually rounding home plate!\" The dog announcer told the crowd as Chicken Little ran to the bases, passing the catchers. \"Goosey Loosey steps on home. We have a tie game! They're scrambling in the alley.\" \"Go, Chicken Little, go!\" Nick cheered. Cherry was so nervously that she bit her nails and soon bit onto Drell's nails in suspense. The cow soon grabbed the groundhog, thinking he was the ball and tossed him to the other catcher and his glasses landed on his face. The fielders saw the ball and tackled the cow only for the ball to get stuck on his horn. \"Ha!\" Drell laughed. The other players soon grabbed their cow teammate and rammed him to get Chicken Little out of the game. \"Hey, go back!\" Foxy Loxy told Chicken Little before she tripped on her face. \"You're never gonna make it! Ow!\" \"You can make it!\" Drell cheered. He then noticed his hands were drooled on and bitten before glaring to Cherry. \"I'll deal with you later...\" There was soon a big dirt pile with Chicken Little's head poking out and he coughed from the impact. The cow smirked and poked Chicken Little with the ball. \"You're out!\" The donkey empire announced. \"Oh, come on; you can't tell if he's out by that dirt pile!\" Cherry told him. \"She has a point...\" Drell had to agree. \"Hmm...\" Atticus hummed in thought before he came to the home base and took out a brush to dust it off. Soon enough, once he got down to it, he saw the verdict. \"His foot's on home plate before the ball touched him, that means he's safe!\" \"He's right!\" The donkey empire told everyone. This made the Oakey Oaks people cheer in sheer victory. Foxy twitched as she couldn't believe that she hadn't won the game, but Chicken Little had. \"It's all over, folks!\" The dog announcer beamed. \"The Acorns have done the impossible! For the first time in 20 years, we won the pennant! Mothers, kiss your babies! You've witnessed a miracle! Remember where you were at this moment. The smells! The sounds! There's a new winner in town and his name is Chicken Little!\" \"Wahoo!\" The group cheered. The team even dunked Chicken Little with their drink from the cooler to show him that they were happy to have him on their team. \"That was just a lucky hit!\" Foxy pouted as no one paid attention to her anymore.[Chapter 4] Later on, that night... \"You guys should come over to celebrate Chicken Little's victory.\" Abbey invited Cherry, Atticus, Copper, Patch, and Tod. \"You got it.\" Tod said. \"We're gonna have snacks, fun, and karaoke!\" Abby beamed. \"Well, I can sing pretty good...\" Copper smiled bashfully as he remembered that one time with The Singin' Strays, even though Dixie didn't like him very much. \"It's true.\" Patch and Tod said. Copper smiled bashfully to them as they agreed. \"See ya tonight then!\" Abby smiled as she handed them invitations. Everyone smiled as tonight was going to be a good night for all of them, and where it seemed like nothing could ruin it. Everyone soon came at Abby's house to celebrate. Drell and Nick decided to sit this out since it was more for the kids than it was for them. Chicken Little hadn't come yet as everyone had fun. \"I wonder what's keeping him?\" Atticus asked. \"I'm sure he's fine...\" Cherry shrugged. \"All right, who's next?\" Abbey asked. \"Me, me, me, please, Abbey, please!\" Runt begged. \"Aw, all right, Runt.\" Abbey smiled. A song by The Spice Girls soon came on and Abby and Runt began to sing along while Fish played with a glow stick. The others began to dance. Abbey and Runt sang together. Soon enough, the phone rang and Abby turned off the music. \"Mallard residence?\" Runt continued to sing as he was lost in his own little world until everyone told him to stop. \"Hey, where are you?\" Abby smiled as she answered the phone as it was Chicken Little. \"We already started! We-\" she then stopped with a gasp once she was told what was going on at Chicken Little's house. \"Guys, that was Chicken Little, there's an emergency at his house!\" \"What's the emergency?\" Atticus asked. \"We'll find out when we get there.\" Abby replied. They soon left the Mallard house and went straight for Chicken Little's house. He soon showed them what the emergency was. \"All right, guys, watch this...\" Chicken Little said as he showed them a hexagon piece of something before putting his face against it and pulled it back. The piece soon glowed slightly and his face appeared on the shape. \"Bizarre...\" Abby muttered in shock. \"No way...\" Cherry said. The piece fell to the floor, blending in with it and Fish decided to have a little fun with it. \"Okay, lemme guess,\" Abby looked to Chicken Little. \"You haven't told your dad yet.\" \"Please tell us that you told him.\" Cherry begged. \"Well...\" Chicken Little stammered. \"I knew it!\" Abbey replied. \"Why haven't you told him? There hasn't been 'you, your dad, talk-talk-talking'.\" \"If he told his dad about this; what do you think his reaction would be?\" Patch asked Abby. \"He's got a point.\" Runt agreed with the Dalmatian. \"You have to talk with your dad!\" Abby told Chicken Little. \"She's right.\" Runt agreed with the ugly duckling. \"Abby, please,\" Chicken Little frowned nervously. \"This is exactly what fell on me the first time. There's no way I'm bringing this up again!\" \"No, he's not.\" Runt agreed with the young rooster. \"You're not helping.\" Cherry said. \"Sorry,\" Runt pouted. \"I'm a gutless flip flopper.\" Fish started to mess with the piece. Patch, Copper, and Tod watched Fish as Abby and Chicken Little had their talk. \"Hey, remember when that icy blue stuff fell from the sky?\" Abby told Chicken Little about a possible explanation for the piece that fell from the sky. \"Everybody thought it was from space and stuff, and it just turned out to be frozen pee from a jet airplane?\" \"Ew.\" Cherry cringed. \"Yeah, that's right. It's frozen pee,\" Runt agreed. \"Yeah. It's frozen pee. Pee, pee, pee, pee pee.\" \"Will you stop saying that?!\" Cherry begged. \"What, pee?\" Runt replied. \"Yes.\" Cherry said. \"How 'bout tinkle?\" Abby suggested. \"Piddle?\" Runt suggested. Fish bubbled a suggestion. \"Someone change the subject.\" Cherry groaned. Copper soon noticed something on the piece. \"Okay, subject change.\" Chicken Little told his friends. \"Hey, there's some kind of button.\" Copper told Fish. Fish nodded and soon pushed the button which made the piece turn all white. \"What's going on?\" Tod asked. Fish and Copper looked a little excited which made the others look slightly concerned. The piece soon blasted which made a small explosion in the room, but luckily, nothing exploded. The piece soon began to hover right in front of the young hound dog and fish. \"Ooh.\" Copper smiled. Fish even bubbled out of excitement. Copper and Fish soon sat on the piece and were taken for a ride outside of Chicken Little's window and appeared to be somehow swallowed by the night sky and Fish's glow stick was brought back to the others. \"Whoa.\" Cherry said. \"Come on, come on, come on!\" Chicken Little panicked as he ran down the stairs with his friends. \"Wait, wait, whoa, son!\" Buck Cluck stopped his son with a chuckle as he came out of the kitchen, running into them. \"Where's the fire here?\" \"Chicken Little needs to tell you something!\" Cherry told him. \"That's right, tell him!\" Abby added in agreement. \"He can handle it.\" \"...Who're we talkin' about?\" Chicken Little asked as he couldn't bring himself to tell the truth before rushing out the door, grabbing Abby's hand on the way. \"Gotta go, Dad, bye!\" \"You got to be ready to listen to your children, even if they have nothing to say.\" Buck chuckled to himself. \"WHAT?!\" Cherry snapped. \"Bad parenting! Bad parenting! BAD! PARENT! ING!\" \"Let's just go and see where that thing is taking Fish and Copper.\" Atticus said. Cherry grumbled as Atticus pushed her away since she didn't like the kind of father that Buck Cluck was being to Chicken Little. \"Sit tight, guys!\" Abby called out as they ran outside. \"Guys, we will try to save you!\" Runt added. \"We will save you!\" Tod added. CRASH! Runt crashed through the fence after everyone climbed through and over it. Everyone kept trying to follow the glow stick that was in the sky with Fish and Copper. They soon arrived at the baseball stadium. \"Fish and Copper!\" Abby called out as she pointed into the sky. Everyone else soon looked up to see Fish's glow stick until it spun around in a circle a few times and everything on the ground began to shake. \"That's not normal.\" Patch said. \"What even is normal anymore?\" Cherry asked. The stadium lights soon flickered and exploded like fireworks. Everything spun around and everyone felt slightly off balance. \"I don't like this!\" Tod pouted. \"I want my mama!\" \"Quick, we have to hide!\" Atticus told them. A UFO appeared to be coming out of the sky and landed in the baseball stadium. Abby seemed stuck where she was standing as everyone else avoided the alien spacecraft. \"Why is she just standing there?!\" Cherry yelped. \"Abby!\" Chicken Little cried out as he tried to get her out of there. \"Abby, wake up!\" Soon enough, they all rushed to hide in the dug-out as the ship was coming for a landing. Once it landed, it opened its hatch to let out two aliens. Runt looked out with a gasp before putting Cherry in front of him while shivering out of fear. \"Get down.\" Cherry warned the others since they didn't know if these aliens were dangerous or not. Once the aliens were gone, it was safe. \"Oh, poor Fish and Copper!\" Runt frowned. \"They're probably stuffed and mounted like some intergalactic trophies, or maybe they're both half-living hosts implanted with face-hugging embryo babies. One thing's for sure!\" he then hugged Cherry while crying. \"They're gone, man! Gone!\" Cherry winced as her spine broke slightly from the hug. \"Not yet!\" Abby called out as she pointed to the UFO which had Fish and Copper at the top. \"Hi, guys!\" Copper smiled. Fish waved and bubbled to his friends. \"Oh, snap.\" Chicken Little muttered. \"Well, it's time to go.\" Cherry told the others. \"Let's get inside.\" Atticus said. \"What?\" Cherry asked. \"Yes, Cherry, all of us.\" Atticus replied. Cherry groaned and rolled her eyes and they went inside of the UFO to get Fish and Copper back. Once inside, it looked creepy. \"Fish?\" Abby whispered loudly. \"Copper?\" Tod added in. There was no response from either of them however. Everyone looked around as they explored the alien spacecraft, slightly repulsed by the eyeballs and organs that were placed in jars. Patch looked up to an orange thing before it grew an eyeball which stared down at him. \"Huh?\" Patch asked. Patch moved all around and blinked and the orange thing seemed to follow him. \"Hey, what're you doing?\" Abby called out to him. \"Come on!\" Patch looked to her and soon went with her and the others as the orange thing seemed to grow and follow him. \"Where could they be?\" Atticus asked. Everyone quietly called out for Fish and Copper as they didn't have much luck. ZAP! \" WHERE ARE YOU, FISH AND COPPER?! \" Runt yelled out after being startled by the zap. \"Quiet!\" Cherry whispered. \"I can't handle the pressure!\" Runt shivered. \"Go on without me!\" \"Runt...\" Abby sighed. \"I'll jeopardize the mission! Endanger us all!\" Runt panicked before whimpering like a cowardly baby. \"Throw me overboard while you still have a chance! Just leave me some ammo, little water, some chips if you have 'em.\" \"Does anyone know how to calm down, Porkchop?\" Cherry asked. \"A paper bag?\" Patch suggested. \"That's a good idea, Runt, get your bag.\" Abby agreed. Runt soon took out a paper bag and hyperventilated into it, and where he even began to choke on it. Cherry clamped her hand over her mouth. \"Slowly... Slowly...\" Abby and Chicken Little reminded Runt. \"Now, just do the thing that you do to relax.\" Abby soothed as Runt breathed softly and slowly, and which was to sing. Cherry looked quite annoyed from the song as they continued to explore. \"AAAUGH!\" Runt yelled out as he soon looked over to see certain skeletons of a fish and a hound dog puppy. He then rapidly breathed in two paper bags while trembling. The skeletons soon came alive, only to reveal it was a skeletal mirror with Fish and Copper behind it. \"Hey, guys!\" Copper smiled. \"Whew!\" Patch sighed out of relief. \"Oh, Copper, thank goodness you're okay!\" Tod smiled in relief to his best friend. Everyone soon joined Fish and Copper into a reunion hug with numerous questions. \"Questions later, we are leaving, like, now.\" Cherry told the others. \"Yeah, but first, where's Runt?\" Atticus asked. Everyone soon came to take the pig out with them only to see him staring at something in horror. They then took a look with him and felt nervous and scared themselves. They could see a map of all the planets from the sun, Pluto through Mars were crossed out and Earth was circled which could only mean one thing... \"We're next.\" Chicken Little whimpered. This caused Runt to squeal out of fright before fainting. Cherry nearly stumbled and fell due to how big Runt was despite being the smallest in his family. Everyone soon ran off to escape the alien aircraft before it would be too late. \"Okay, that's it!\" Abby told Chicken Little. \"We're running back to your house and you're gonna tell your dad!\" \"What the heck is that clown gonna do?\" Cherry scoffed. \"Who knows?\" Patch shrugged. They soon ran into the aliens which made them panic and they kept escaping, and where the aliens seemed angry with them. \"Hey... How're you all doing tonight?\" Cherry smiled nervously. \"You know, the craziest thing happened to me... I discovered an elephant in my pajamas... How the elephant got in my pajamas, I'll never know.\" The aliens soon turned red and crowded her. \"HELP!\" Cherry yelped. \"Stay away from my best friend/sister!\" Atticus glared at the aliens. The aliens talked in their own language as they turned red. \"Come on!\" Atticus called out before grabbing Cherry's hand and running with her. \"Whoa!\" Cherry yelped. They soon rushed out, but they were stopped since Runt filled the open hole due to his plump size. \"Aw, come on, are you serious?!\" Cherry complained. \"I'm sorry,\" Runt frowned. \"Tension makes me bloat.\" The aliens kept trying to get in through the door as Chicken Little held the red button while Abby tried to push Runt down through the hatch so they could get out. \"This'll take forever.\" Cherry groaned. Atticus came toward Runt and tackled him like a football player which got him through. \"That works.\" Cherry commented. They soon went through next and soon continued running. They ran off as fast as they could to avoid the aliens, even tripping down a hill on the way before they ended up in a cornfield. \"We should be safe here.\" Patch whispered. The aliens summoned their lights before taking out their blades and began to chop through the cornfields and there was a whirring buzzing noise as everyone was nervous. \"What's that sound?\" Cherry asked. Runt was taking out cobs of corn and eating them before stopping to see all eyes on him. \"Sorry... Nervous eater.\" \"Thank goodness.\" Patch sighed. They soon rushed the school and tried to get in, but of course, it was now closed since it was after 3:00. \"They're still coming!\" Chicken Little yelped once he saw the aliens right behind them. \"How do we warn everyone in town?\" Atticus wondered. Chicken Little looked up to the school bell. \"I need a soda.\" Runt soon took out a dollar and put it into the vending machine to get a bottle of soda for his friend only to have bad luck with the dollar bill as it kept sliding out. \"Ugh... I hate these things...\" Cherry shook her head. Runt soon got the dollar in only for it to come out. Atticus walked up to the vending machine and did his best to give it a gentle kick to bring out a soda bottle for Chicken Little, and where, it worked. \"Orange soda?\" Atticus offered. \"Thanks, Atticus.\" Chicken Little replied as he accepted the bottle and used it as a jet pack to get on top of the school, it didn't work to the fullest, but he still made it to the top. However, he slipped off the bell protector and let a brick slide down and hit the bottle which gave him the boost up so he could ring the bell to warn everyone in his town. The aliens were closer behind them now, but they still had time. Chicken Little was just about to ring the bell, but he soon remembered what happened the last time he did it. \"Please ring the bell!\" Tod begged. One alien grabbed Abby which worried Chicken Little and he then finally rung the bell, and where it seemed to harm the aliens. They then dropped Abby and soon ran off as the townspeople of Oakey Oaks were on their way. \"The vibrations from the bell hurts them.\" Patch said. \"It's such a pain.\" Cherry added due to her sensitivity. The aliens began to escape before anyone would see them due to the ringing of the bell irritating them both. \"We have to stop them.\" Tod said. \"Chicken Little, you better have a good explanation for all of this!\" The coach glared. \"There's, there's... It's a... You have to... D'oh! Doo wah!\" Chicken Little stammered. \"What'd he say?\" A cougar asked. Mayor Turkey Lurkey looked to his cue cards from his bodyguard. \"'There's... It's a... You have to... D'oh! Doo wah!'.\" \"Yeah... He was just stammering.\" Cherry said. \"Come on! Follow me, follow me!\" Chicken Little rushed down the school steps. \"Aliens here! Hurry!\" The people began to follow after him. \"It's... It's happening again...\" Buck sighed to himself. \"No, it's different!\" Patch told him. \"This time, it's aliens!\" \"Come on, come on, you're about to see it!\" Chicken Little told them frantically. \"Quick, quick, hurry up, if you don't hurry, you're gonna miss it!\" Soon enough, the townspeople stopped behind the mayor. \"Oh, look!\" Mayor Turkey Lurkey smiled. \"A penny!\" Cherry growled and face-palmed about how frustrating that was. \"Oh, right.\" Mayor Turkey Lurkey remembered before running with the others, but took the coin for himself as they were going to see what the big fuss was. \"Please hurry!\" Patch begged. \"Come on, quick, it's taking off!\" Copper added. Unfortunately, as soon as they all came, and even the camera crew from on TV, there was nothing there and the stadium was totally empty. \"What're we lookin' for?\" The bunny with the boom mic asked. \"I dunno.\" The dog with the camera shrugged as he looked around while recording and zooming in. \"It's up there.\" Copper said before throwing a baseball into the air. \"I know this looks bad, but there's an invisible spaceship right there with aliens who are here to invade Earth!\" Chicken Little added as he tried to join Copper, though he wasn't really a good thrower. \"Ooh, bad throw.\" The camera dog said. Chicken Little then tried again. \"Ooh, bad throw.\" The crowd said all together. \"Okay, we all know I don't have a good arm, but there's these cloaking panels on the bottom,\" Chicken Little tried to explain to the citizens of Oakey Oaks. \"They make it disappear. One fell out of the sky and hit me right on the head.\" \"Oh, it's the acorn thing all over again!\" A cheetah complained. \"But this time, he's not crazy!\" Atticus told them. \"Eh, there's no story here.\" The bunny commented. \"Well, at least we can sell the tape to Chickens Gone Wild.\" The dog camera man replied. \"We all saw them!\" Cherry told the people. \"It's true! They had eyes... They're glowing and then tentacles!\" Runt cried out before getting picked up by a giant pig woman. \"Runt, that's enough!\" The pig woman scolded. \"Don't make Mommy take away your Streisand collection!\" \"Mom, you leave Barbra out of this!\" Runt complained. \"Everyone, please, Chicken Little is telling the truth!\" Tod told them. \"Why can't you keep that child of yours under control?!\" Principal Fetchit scolded Buck. \"Look at what he's done to these poor, innocent youths new in town!\" The other townspeople seemed angry at Buck since he was Chicken Little's father and all. \"Dad! Dad!\" Chicken Little cried out. \"I'm not making this up! You gotta believe me this time.\" Buck looked over to the others and bowed his head in shame. \"No, son. I don't,\" he told his son before looking back to the others. \"I can't tell you how embarrassed I am, folks. I'm really sorry about this, everyone. Looks like this is just a big, crazy misunderstanding.\" \"I'm gonna pluck his feathers and dunk him in frying oil in Kentucky!\" Cherry snapped as she hated the way Buck was behaving. \"I won't stop you.\" Atticus said. \"GOOD!\" Cherry replied before zipping off. \"BUT!\" Drell said as he pulled her back. \"Not right now...\" Cherry firmly pouted at him. \"Well, other than the penny, this whole evening was a wash!\" Mayor Turkey Lurkey complained. \"Mr. Cluck, don't take it so hard,\" Foxy told the adult male chicken. \" No one blames you.\" \"Let's try and get some sleep.\" Copper said. As soon as they got home, Cherry punched the stuffing out of her pillow. \"I hate that chicken man!\" \"I know the feeling.\" Nick said. \"You should totally eat him.\" Cherry smirked. \"What?!\" Nick asked her. \"Come on, Nick, you're a predator,\" Cherry smirked. \"Eat him like when you scared Judy after the press conference before we ratted out Bellwether!\" \"Sorry, no go.\" Nick said. \"You all are no fun!\" Cherry snapped before going off. \"I'll do it myself.\" \"No, you won't.\" Drell said. \"Yes, I will,\" Cherry replied as she stormed off out the door with an ax before she was soon stopped by Drell. \"Let me go!\" Cherry demanded. \"Come with me.\" Drell replied, soon carrying her in his arm and walking off the other way away from the door. \"Put me down!\" Cherry struggled. \"Not until you calm down.\" Drell said. Cherry grunted and struggled. \"Atticus, make him let me go!\" \"Nope.\" Atticus said. Cherry struggled until she soon tired herself out. Drell then sat her in bed and made her lie down and tucked her in tightly so she couldn't get out and walked off. \"Drell!\" Cherry coughed. \"It's tight around my throat!\" \"Oops.\" Drell said. Cherry coughed and gagged before her face turned blue and her eyes seemed to roll in her skull. Drell soon came to the covers and untucked around her neck. Cherry breathed and regain her pigment now that she could breathe. \"Please tell me it gets better?\" Atticus begged. \"What do those aliens want anyway?\" \"They probably just lost their child or something...\" Drell shrugged. \"To be honest, I didn't see my Oracle about the outcome of this adventure... Something about acorns...\" \"Acorns?\" Atticus asked out of confusion. \"Sorry, I don't really remember, I'm sure there's just a big misunderstanding with the aliens...\" Drell replied. \"I hope you're right...\" Atticus nodded. \"I try...\" Drell said before taking out a deck of cards and shuffled them in his hands before he would toss them into a hat to pass the time for himself.[Chapter 5] The next day soon came. Last night's incident was on the news and Buck was being told on the phone and through email about how everybody hated him due to Chicken Little's mistake instead of comforting his son like a good father would, and where the young rooster was outside. \"I found him, you guys.\" Copper said after using his sense of smell. Chicken Little looked over at them as he looked really bummed out until he saw Modern Mallard magazine thrown out and he saw his best friends had come as well. \"If there was ever a time to talk to your dad, it's now.\" Patch said. \"My thoughts exactly.\" Abby agreed. \"It's too late for that.\" Chicken Little sighed. \"No, it's not.\" Atticus said. \"It's too late...\" Runt sniffled and blubbered which annoyed some of the others. \"Maybe now it's too late... But he really tried to make it...\" \"Runt...\" Abby sighed before looking to Chicken Little. \"Just think about it.\" \"Just think about it,\" Runt sniffled as his face turned beet red. \"Something inside has died and they just can't hide and they just can't fake it. Oh, no, no.\" 'So dramatic.' Cherry thought to herself. \"Guys, I just really wanna be alone right now...\" Chicken Little sighed. Everyone soon looked over with him to see an orange thing with a single eye in the ground. \"ABBY! RUNT! FISH!\" Chicken Little yelped. \"GUYS!\" Chicken Little's best friends soon came back and saw the orange thing which made them scream and it screamed back at them. \"What is that thing?!\" Runt yelped. Fish bubbled to settle them all down before he began to communicate with the alien, and the alien soon started telling him everything. Once Fish heard enough, he told everything to his best friends. \"His name is Kirby?\" Chicken Little asked. \"They left him behind?\" Abby asked. \"Darth Vader is Luke's father?!\" Runt asked. \"I'm this close to turning you into my breakfast tomorrow.\" Cherry was very annoyed by the pig. Kirby seemed scared. \"Aw, now, come on, come on, don't cry...\" Chicken Little tried to comfort the little alien. \"We're here for ya, we're gonna do whatever it takes to get you back home, okay?\" Kirby babbled before sniffling while trying to stop crying from all three of his eyes. \"Here, blow.\" Patch said as he held a tissue out to Kirby. Kirby sniffled before blowing his nose which made him honk his little body up in the air briefly. \"Better?\" Patch smiled as he then got rid of the tissue. \"Uh-huh...\" Kirby pouted with a small nod. \"Well, now we just have to find out how to get him to his parents.\" Atticus said. Kirby soon sneezed again which frizzed the top of his hair up. Cherry turned away slightly and light laughter was heard as that was quite funny. \"Let me fix that...\" Chicken Little said as he tried to straighten up Kirby's fur. \"Thank you.\" Kirby smiled in alien language. There was soon a sound heard which scared everybody. \"Uh, guys?\" Cherry asked as she looked up. \"I think the sky is breaking like in that one episode of Ed, Edd, n Eddy.\" \"Oh, this is bad.\" Atticus said. Buck soon came out to see what the commotion was only to panic at the sight. Many of the other townspeople noticed this and came to a complete shock. \"Kids? Kids!\" Drell's voice called out. \"Toddy!\" Nick called out. \"Uncle Nick!\" Tod called back before running to his uncle and hugged him tightly with tears in his eyes. \"Uncle Nick, the sky is breaking!\" \"Thee aliens are coming!\" Drell told them. \"Aliens?!\" Tod panicked. \"Like Kirby?!\" \"Uh, the only Kirby I know is a pink sphere thing that sucks up things, but HURRY!\" Drell replied before panicking again, thinking of a totally different Kirby. \"What do we need to do?\" Patch asked. The sky soon broke up and many spaceships came down to invade Oakey Oaks. \"Whoa.\" Morkubine commented as he saw the alien spacecrafts. \"Should we worry?\" Copper asked. \"Probably.\" Drell smiled nervously as he rubbed his legs together. \"Are you shaking?\" Atticus asked. \"No, I just really have to pee...\" Drell replied as that had to be a lie. Kirby soon spoke in his language as he saw the spacecrafts in the sky. \"Those are your parents?\" Chicken Little asked him. Kirby nodded. Fish bubbled an addition. \"And they brought the Galactic Armada?\" Cherry's eyes widened as she turned white as a sheet. \"What should I do?\" Atticus asked. Kirby soon rushed among the crowd to reunite with his parents. \"How about making sure no one steps on that little orange marshmallow?\" Drell suggested. \"Son, there you are!\" Buck came to Chicken Little right then and there. \"Quick, get in the car, we gotta go!\" \"No, you don't understand, sir, we need your son to help us make sure that alien doesn't get hurt.\" Cherry said. \"I know, I know, he was right, alien invasion, I see that now!\" Buck replied as he was in a rush to get away from home. \"Look up, there it is!\" \"No, Dad, it's actually a rescue mission.\" Chicken Little smiled nervously. \"Rescue mission?!\" Buck replied. \"Yes!\" Cherry and Atticus nodded. \"We have to help them, Dad, because if we don't, then who will?\" Chicken Little panicked. \"What?\" Buck looked at them all like they were crazy. \"I knew you wouldn't believe us, so we're not letting you stand in our way,\" Cherry glared firmly as she stood up for herself and her friends. \"Come on, guys, we don't need him.\" \"Agreed.\" Tod nodded. Nick gave Buck a death stare for being a poor parent to his son before joining his nephew and the others to go help and save Kirby. \"I hope the aliens don't do anything crazy.\" Atticus said. \"They're aliens...\" Drell replied. \"You know what I mean.\" Atticus told him. \"It's the end of the world as we know it.\" Cherry quoted. \"No it's not.\" Atticus said. \"Aliens are invading the town.\" Cherry reminded him. \"We can fix this,\" Atticus replied before going off. \"I know we can.\" \"I've known Atticus since we were seven-years-old...\" Cherry sighed to the others as they watched him go first. \"I don't know what happened to them in those seven years, but it must've been something pretty big.\" \"You're telling me.\" Copper said. They all soon went with Atticus to go help and save Kirby. Buck soon panicked for his son and soon ran after him. As they ran after him, so did Runt, Abby, and Fish. The aliens began to zap different things and animals. Foxy grinned as she threw a rock at one alien. The alien glared at her and then appeared to vaporize her. Goosey smiled nervously at that and soon ran for her own life since her best friend was doomed. \"She had that coming.\" Tod said. They soon made it into the movie theater to hide out. \"You okay, buddy?\" Cherry soothed Kirby. Kirby nuzzled up against her. \"Aw, he likes you~\" Atticus smirked. \"That's so cute.\" Patch smiled. \"Oh, boy...\" Cherry rolled her eyes. \" CHICKEN LITTLE! \" Buck's voice yelled out which startled poor Kirby and he hid behind a curtain. \"Buck, you just scared Kirby!\" Nick scolded the rooster. \"Boy, where's your head?!\" Buck called out to his son as he climbed up on the stage. \"Come on! You, with the running and the jumping...\" \"What're you guys doing? We gotta get out of here!\" Abby panicked. \"It's like... It's like War of the Worlds out there!\" \"We know.\" Atticus said. \"You suck as a dad.\" Cherry glared at Buck. \"Excuse me!\" Buck glared back at her. \"Take that back!\" \"Chicken Little, now is a good time to talk.\" Atticus said. \"You're never there for me!\" Chicken Little told his father. \"What?\" Buck replied. \"Okay, that's not what I had in mind, but...\" Abby shrugged. \"You're never there for me,\" Chicken Little continued. \"I mean, you were there for me when I won the big game, but not for when the sky fell, and certainly not now!\" \"Yes, keep going.\" Tod coached. \"Keep going! Keep going!\" Abby added. \"You've been ashamed since the acorn thing,\" Chicken Little continued as this was getting good. \"We have to talk because Modern Mallard says avoiding closure can lead to molting, and I'm already small, and on top of that; I don't think I could handle being bald!\" Buck was speechless at first. \"I-I-I didn't... Realize, son. I never meant to-The acorn, the sky, I mean, the whole-You're right. You're right. Your mom, she was... You know, she was always good with stuff like this. Me... I'm gonna need a lot of work, but you need to know that I love you, no matter what. And I'm sorry I... And I'm sorry if I ever made you feel like that was something, you had to earn.\" 'Finally.' Drell thought to himself. Chicken Little and Buck soon shared a tender hug together. The building shook slightly as the aliens came closer, but everyone decided to wait out the hug for a few more moments. \"Aaaaaaand, we're good!\" Abby told them. \"Let's go! Let's go!\" \"Okay, Dad,\" Chicken Little said before revealing the young alien. \"Now all we gotta do is return helpless little Kirby.\" Kirby soon came in, running at Buck. \"Return this whatever it is?\" Buck laughed as Kirby tickled him before he panicked. \"This is crazy! Crazy!\" Chicken Little frowned until the others gave him a death stare. \"Crazy wonderful!\" Buck then quickly added. \"Just tell me what you need me to do.\" \"We've got a planet to save!\" Copper smiled. \"You really mean it?\" Chicken Little smiled to his father. \"You bet!\" Buck smiled back. \"Anything, son.\" \"Come on, guys,\" Chicken Little said bravely as he pushed his glasses up. \"We've got a planet to save.\" They were soon about to go off all together. \"Crazy supportive. That's me!\" Buck smiled nervously as Kirby moved all around him. \"This thing likes to nibble, doesn't it?\" Abby smiled to the team before Chicken Little came back to see her. \"By the way, I'd like to say I've always found you extremely attractive!\" Chicken Little told Abby before kissing her right on the beak. Nick soon covered Tod's eyes so he wouldn't see that. \"Now that's closure...\" Abby smiled goofily as she looked like she was simperingly stupid in love. \"Uncle Nick, why did you cover my eyes?\" Tod asked. \"Um, I didn't want you to see anything gross since you're just a kid after all.\" Nick smiled sheepishly. \"I've grown a little.\" Tod said. \"Come along now.\" Nick told him. Tod pouted as he followed his uncle and the others. They soon left the movie theater to get Kirby back with his parents. \"Alright, so how do we get Kirby back to his parents?\" Cherry asked. \"Uh... Okay, this is a piece of cake, guys,\" Chicken Little replied. \"All we have to do is take the kid down the street to the giant metal alien.\" \"Sounds easy.\" Patch said. \"We surrender! Here!\" Mayor Turkey Lurkey panicked to the alien invasion before taking out a large key. \"Take the key to the city!\" The alien soon vaporized the key. \"The key to my car?\" Mayor Turkey Lurkey suggested. The alien vaporized his car as well.' \"Tic Tac?\" Mayor Turkey Lurkey smiled nervously as he brought out a container of mints. The mayor was soon vaporized himself like Foxy Loxy. \"Next plan.\" Atticus said. The alien soon saw Kirby before zapping at the others since they were thought to be enemies for taking the young alien away. \"RUN!\" Cherry panicked. Everyone ran and they soon found a horse buggy to hide into. The aliens passed them as they searched for Kirby and the ones who had 'kidnapped' him. \"Okay, okay, what now, guys?\" Buck asked Chicken Little and the others. \"Who, by the way, I support 100%.\" \"Uh, Plan B?\" Chicken Little replied. \"Okay, and what's Plan B?\" Cherry asked. Kirby squeaked and spoke as he pointed in excitement. \"What?\" Buck asked. \"You have to go to the bathroom?\" Kirby shook his head. \"You want juice?\" Buck continued to guess. \"A snack? Corn dog on a stick? Want to play some golf? What do you want?!\" \"I think those are his parents.\" Cherry tried to guess herself. Kirby nodded to her as that was a correct guess. \"Then that's the plan.\" Atticus said. \"That's it, Dad! Plan B!\" Chicken Little agreed once he had an idea set in motion. \"All we have to do is weave through traffic through town square while avoiding death rays from alien robots. We get to Town Hall, climb up to the roof, and give the kid back to its parents.\" \"Yeah...\" Buck grinned, obviously feeling uneasy about all of that. Drell soon even gulped nervously himself. They soon left the buggy and went to carry out with Plan B. \"Chaaaarge!\" Buck proclaimed as they ran off with Kirby. \"To Kirby's parents!\" Atticus added. \"Ooh, watch my tail!\" Nick yelped as he grabbed his own tail as he ran with the others while the alien robots zapped after them. Buck soon tripped over a trashcan which sent Kirby flying in the air until he landed on Cherry's head. \"Yikes!\" Cherry panicked as she nearly stumbled, but kept running as she panicked about the aliens chasing her now. \"Cherry, use this!\" Drell called out and tossed the trash can lid. Cherry got hit in the face by the lid before she pulled it off her face and held it out as a shield which made one laser zap reflect against the tin and vaporize the alien robot in return. \"Hey, that was actually kinda cool.\" She then giggled slightly. \"I thought it might.\" Drell said. \"Oh, please let me be strong just this once.\" Cherry quietly prayed before tossing the garbage can lid. Drell looked around until he gave Cherry's throw a little more oomph and let it hit the robot aliens and throw them off. \"Hey!\" Cherry smiled as her luck seemed to change somehow. \"Now that's what I call takin' out the trash!\" Buck laughed. \"You said it!\" Nick added. They were all suddenly almost at Town Hall only to be suddenly surrounded by the alien robots. \"Okay, guys, now what?\" Buck asked nervously. \"I dunno about you, but...\" Cherry replied as she waved a white flag. \"Really?\" Drell asked, unimpressed. \"Well, what do you suggest?\" Cherry asked him with a modest shrug. They soon saw a fire truck coming to them. \"Fire Truck!\" Chicken Little called out. Runt was driving the truck as they were soon all onto the fire truck and were taken for their own ride away from the robot alien invasion. \"Oh, Plan C!\" Chicken Little and Buck smiled to each other. \"Wahoo!\" Copper smiled. \"I don't feel so good...\" Cherry groaned as she looked like she was going to throw up. \"No, no, no, no, turn back!\" Chicken Little told his friends. \"Go back to Town Hall!\" \"But they'll vaporize us!\" Runt replied. \"We'll make it!\" Atticus assured him. Fish bubbled to the pig. \"You want me to do what?!\" Runt yelped. \"Runt, just do it, it'll work!\" Chicken Little coached. \"We'll survive!\" \"And cue the music.\" Drell said. A random piano seemed to play as Runt suddenly felt inspired. \"Aw, my mother loves this song.\" Cherry commented. \"I saw this coming.\" Drell said. \"What don't you see coming?\" Cherry replied. \"I will survive...\" Runt said to himself before suddenly looking inspired. \" BRAKE, ABBY! \" \"Okay~\" Abby giggled as she touched the brake as she was in her own little world since Chicken Little kissed her. \"Whoa!\" Drell yelped. \" FLOOR IT! \" Runt yelled out. Abby giggled as she did as he said while daydreaming. \" DEPLOY LADDER, FISH !\" Runt commanded. \"Whoa, he's serious.\" Cherry said. Runt rang the bell to aggravate the aliens in front of Town Hall. \"I will survive! I will survive!\" He cheered for himself before he screamed as he was about to crash into Town Hall and the truck stopped at the steps which flung them into the building. \"Wahoo!\" Patch smiled. Cherry soon ran off to a potted plant and threw up into the pot. \"Looks like we'll need a Plan D.\" Nick said once he saw that the elevator was out of order. \"To the stairs.\" Atticus said. They all then began to run up the stairs floor by floor by floor... \"Were on our way... Oh, dear Celestia!\" Cherry gasped and panted from lack of exercise as she was running out if breath faster than the others. Drell soon carried her the rest of the way. Luckily, they then made it up to the roof at last. Cherry wearily opened her eyes before looking down which made her dizzy and she soon passed out in Drell's hold. \"Of course.\" Drell groaned. \"Come back, you guys, we can't go out this way!\" Buck panicked. \"It's too dangerous!\" \"No, Dad, I can do this!\" Chicken Little promised. \"Believe in your son, Buck!\" Nick told the adult rooster. \"I may not be my nephew's father, but I support him and love him every minute of the day, he's as adventurous and brave and a great friend, just like his mother.\" Tod smiled at his uncle. Nick smiled back fondly to his nephew. \"I... I believe in you, son.\" Buck soon finally said which made Chicken Little happy. \"Okay, hang on tight.\" Chicken Little told Kirby. Kirby nodded in understanding. Chicken Little soon flung himself up to the very top. \"Ooh, I must've dozed off for a second there...\" Cherry blinked. \"What happened?\" \" DON'T LOOK- \" Drell's eyes widened. Cherry soon looked down and passed out again. \"Down...\" Drell sighed. \"And she wonders why she wasn't qualified for The Wonderbolts Academy.\" \"At times like this, we need Mo.\" Atticus said. \"I should've let her come along...\" Drell sighed. \"I'm sorry, Atticus.\" \"Can't you summon her?\" Atticus asked. \"Well, you can too, but she only comes whenever you're in the most danger and you really need it...\" Drell remembered. That gave Atticus an idea and he pretended to be in trouble to make Mo show up for help. \"Oh, I certainly am in a pickle!\" Atticus acted. \"Yes, sir, I have no way of solving this without my wonderful girlfriend, and I could lose big time without her comfort and support!\" \"And she arrives in 3, 2, 1.\" Drell cued. ZOOM! Drell nearly fell while holding onto Cherry since someone zipped by quickly, though accidentally let go of Cherry. \"Whoops!\" he smiled nervously. \"Sorry, Cherry...\" \"I black out for ten minutes and this is what you do to me?!\" Cherry asked. \"You're a sadist, Drell, A SADIST!\" \"You called Atticus?\" Mo asked. \"Hey, Mo,\" Atticus smiled. \"Uh, before you save me, could you do me another favor?\" \"What's that?\" Mo asked. \"A kiss for luck?\" \"No...\" Atticus looked away. \"A hug?\" Mo guessed. \"Well...\" Atticus began. \"SOMEBODY HELP ME!\" Cherry screamed. \"On my way.\" Mo said. \"Thanks, Mo.\" Atticus replied. \"Of course.\" Mo smiled. Atticus smiled back. \"I AM GOING TO DIE!\" Cherry panicked. Mo soon helped Cherry back inside. Cherry kept screaming as she covered her eyes with her hands and kept on screaming until she stopped and she uncovered her eyes to see that she was safely back on the roof. \"Happy flight?\" Drell smirked. \"Why are you necessary?\" Cherry glared. \"Let's see how Chicken Little is doing.\" Copper said. \"He's at the very top!\" Drell told them. \"Yes!\" Buck cheered for his son. \"Here's your kid!\" Chicken Little told the ship he stood underneath. \"Look over here! Here's your kid! He's okay!\" Aliens began to climb the building. \"Such a beautiful light...\" Drell muttered in amazement. \"It's like looking in the face of Yen Sid...\" Kirby reached out for his parents excitement as they came down to see their baby. \"Please stop the invasion!\" Chicken Little begged the parents. Buck soon burst out of the building to join his son on the roof. \"I'm here, son!\" \"Dad, look out!\" Chicken Little panicked as they were surrounded by the aliens. \"Get away from my boy!\" Buck glared as he fought the aliens. \"Oh, he shouldn't have done that.\" Drell face-palmed. \"The Mighty Acorns-\" Buck and Chicken Little cheered only to be vaporized. \"Ooh...\" Drell winced. \"That's not pretty...\" The aliens soon vaporized the rest of the group.[Chapter 6] Everything was all black until everyone found themselves floating in some sort of unknown void and found the others who had suffered their same fate. One of which was Foxy Loxy curled up like a coward and sucking her thumb. \"This is weird.\" Mo said. \"Tic Tac?\" Mayor Turkey Lurkey offered. \"Uh...\" Cherry blinked. \" WHY DID YOU TAKE OUR CHILD?! \" A dark voice demanded like the Great and Powerful Oz with three red eyes in rage. \"What?! We didn't take him!\" Atticus told him. \"You kinda abandoned him.\" Cherry weakly added. \"That's bad parenting and I should know!\" Buck glared. \" SILENCE! \" The voice boomed. \"Release the child!\" \"Okay, okay.\" Nick said. Cherry picked Kirby off of her head and put him on the possible floor. Kirby plucked his feet on the floor before scampering off and a door opened, allowing him to be hugged. \"Sweetheart!\" A female voice beamed. \"Oh, Kirby, I'm so happy to see you! My darling!\" \"That must be the mother.\" Atticus said. \"At least they're back together.\" Chicken Little shrugged. \"Yeah, they got their kid.\" Buck agreed. \" YOU HAVE VIOLATED INTERGALACTIC LAW 90210! \" The voice boomed at them while glaring all three eyes. \"A charge punishable by immediate particle disintegration!\" \"Wait, what?\" Cherry asked. They were suddenly surrounded by deathly weapons. \"Oh, snap.\" Buck muttered as he clung to Chicken Little. \"Oh, my...\" Cherry gulped. Kirby soon spoke and told the red alien something. \"Hmm... What's that?\" The red alien replied. Kirby continued, but his own father didn't seem to understand him. \"Uh... I don't quite-\" The red alien replied in confusion. A second alien soon comes out. \"Melvin, honey? He says they're telling the truth.\" \"Oh...\" The red alien told the yellow female alien. \"It was just a misunderstanding.\" The yellow alien continued to speak for their son. This was now awkward for the red alien. The weapons were soon brought away, the others were able to land on the floor with gravity, and the yellow alien told the red alien to take away his dark and scary voice. Soon enough, the aliens shut themselves off and their robot helpers were revealed before they would reveal themselves to explain everything about the alien invasion. \"Uh... Hi... Anyone wanna try the big voice?\" Melvin smiled nervously. \"Um, no thanks.\" Nick said. Soon enough, the alien robots were restoring everything in Oakey Oaks. \"Again, I cannot tell you how sorry we are for this whole misunderstanding.\" Melvin told the townspeople. \"Oh, goodness, we are so very sorry.\" Kirby's mother added. \"We are,\" Melvin chuckled sheepishly. \"And if it hadn't been for your son and his friends there, well, we might have vaporized the whole planet.\" \"Yeah, that would have been bad.\" Mo agreed. The townspeople soon realized how wrong they were about judging Chicken Little so harshly, and began to have a change of heart. \"Oh, my goodness, what a shame that would've been,\" Kirby's mother added. \"I mean, where else would we pick our acorns?\" \"Uh, acorns?\" Cherry asked which made Drell snap his fingers which a smirk as he now knew where he got the purpose of this adventure with acorns being all about. \"We stop on the way to the in-laws.\" Melvin replied. \"Wow.\" Atticus said. \"Look on all the other planets, and you can only find them right here on Earth.\" Melvin told the others as he took out the map of the planets with Pluto through Mars crossed out with Earth circled. \"Just as it says here on your primitive graphic display.\" Kirby's mother added as she showed the welcome sign of Oakey Oaks which had the tagline: Best Acorns in the Universe. \"That caught our eyes.\" Melvin added before physically rolling his three eyes around his head. \"Nice.\" Mo said. A robotic alien drone with a siren soon came over to reveal a blue alien with the top of his head cut off like a rogue cop. \"Okay, everything's been put back to normal, except for this little one over here.\" Everyone looked to see Foxy Loxy as she had turned into a sugary sweet girly girl who giggled and looked friendly. \"Hi, y'all~\" \"Foxy Loxy?\" Tod asked out of confusion. \"Aw, it's nice to see ya, buddy,\" Foxy smiled as she hugged Tod. \"Oh, I love your coat, maybe next Spring I should get one.\" she then began to sing Lollipop as she seemed to be in her own little world. Cherry shivered as she hid behind Drell, looking disturbed and disgusted at the same time. \"She got her brainwaves scrambled during reconstitution, but no worries!\" The blue alien cop told the others. \"We can put her back the way she was.\" \"No!\" Nick panicked. \"She's perfect~\" Runt looked like he was in love with the new Foxy as they sang Lollipop together. \"Scary...\" The blue alien muttered before he took his leave. \"Whoops!\" Melvin yelped as he took a look at his three-eyed Mickey Mouse watch and looked to his wife. \"Tina, look at the time! We better get a move on!\" he then shook hands quickly with Buck, Nick, and Drell. \"All right, then. It was good meetin' ya. Sorry for the whole full-scale invasion thing. But, hey, I'm a dad. You know how it is with your kids. When they need ya, you do whatever it takes.\" \"You know it.\" Drell said. The aliens soon took off back into outer space and things were going to go well for Chicken Little from now on, and where it was time for the group to get going. \"All right, I guess it's time to go.\" Copper said. \"This was a fun journey,\" Tod smiled to his best friend before hugging his uncle. \"Thanks for coming, Uncle Nick.\" \"No problem, kiddo.\" Nick smiled back. Everyone soon left Oakey Oaks and they were back in Pound Puppies Headquarters as they recapped their adventure to Lucky, Cookie, Strudel, Niblet, and Squirt. \"Didja have fun?\" Rebound grinned to Patch. \"I bet ya had fun! We should play together sometime!\" \"Is she always this excited?\" Nick asked. \"She is a bit of a ball of energy.\" Niblet chuckled about his little sister. \"Sure, what do you want to play?\" Patch asked Rebound. \"Red Rover with your friends?\" Rebound grinned. \"Okay.\" Patch accepted. The humans decided to get home while Patch would stay and play Red Rover with Rebound and the others until it would be a good time to get back home themselves. After playing with the pups, Patch and the others soon went back home. \"Phew!\" Patch yawned and stretched. \"Rebound sure has a lot of energy for just one puppy.\" \"Did you tone down your strength so the puppies could run through you?\" Atticus asked. \"Uh-huh...\" Patch nodded. \"I even let Cupcake pin me down.\" \"That's good.\" Atticus smiled. Patch smiled back and decided to eat some food before taking a nap. \"Can I ask you something?\" Atticus asked. \"Is Cupcake Cookie's puppy or something? Because they look a little alike.\" \"No, she's not, but she did adopt her as her own daughter.\" Patch said while eating. \"Ah, okay,\" Atticus replied. \"I could sense a closeness in them somehow.\" \"Yeah, common mistake, like how Lucky thinks of me as his own son.\" Patch smiled. Drell looked around as he held a book called Pokemon Origins in his arms and he wondered if now or later would be a good time to tell Cherry and Atticus about the creatures known as Pocket Monsters, though in the very distant future, they would know a lot more about the Pokemon because of, spoilers. \"They'll learn in the future.\" Drell said. \"You say something?\" Cherry asked. \"GAH!\" Drell yelped since she came up behind him before he glared. \"Dangit, Cherry, why did you do that?!\" \"Wow, that was fun...\" Cherry smirked before reaching out for the book. \"Hey, what's that?\" \"Nothing!\" Drell panicked as he hid the book. \"Looks like something.\" Cherry said as she came on his back. \"It's for work!\" Drell sat on the book. \"I bet it's something really cool.\" Cherry lay next to him as she reached for the book just because he hid it away from her. \"Yes, but it's something you'll learn in the future.\" Drell said. Cherry took the book. \"Cherry!\" Drell snapped, raising his hands over her, about to strangle her, though he restrained himself. \"Pock...Eh... Mun... Origins...?\" Cherry asked, trying to decipher the title. \"What's a 'pockehmun'?\" \"It's nothing to learn about now.\" Drell said before making the book disappear. Cherry's eyes widened as magic dust appeared in her hands now. \"Now, if you'll excuse me, I must get going back home myself,\" Drell replied. \"I have a feeling when Diana invites Sabrina and any guests she wants over to Egypt with Velma Dinkley and that some Yu-Gi-Oh might be involved.\" \"That'd be an interesting crossover.\" Cherry muttered. \"Yes, it would.\" Drell noded in agreement. \"I'll find out what those Pocket things are, Drell... One way or another!\" Cherry glared as the warlock disappeared until later on. \"I'll-Never mind...\" She then muttered as she decided to go home. The next few days would pass by soon and where then would be time for the Friendship Festival. Cherry was asleep in her bed, sleeping in since there was no school before her cell phone rang and she answered it. \"Hello?\" \"Cherry, you didn't oversleep, did you?\" Atticus asked. \"What? No, me. Never...\" Cherry mumbled. \"Good, because you'll need your energy for the Friendship Festival.\" Atticus said. \"That's today?\" Cherry's eyes widened. \"Yeah, we're meeting up in an hour,\" Atticus reminded. \"Don't forget your medallion.\" Cherry gulped nervously as she then forced herself out of bed to get ready to visit Equestria for the Friendship Festival, and for what would happen there is another story. The End ","Summary":" It was a beautiful day out today and it felt like nothing could go wrong. \"Here's your lunch, Tod,"},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"Sex, Blood, Love, Revenge","Author":"BigBadWolfyBoy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3894319","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: This is based upon an RP and co-written by my RP partner. We have no ownership, save over our own characters. Please R&R; – Comments truly appreciated. No Flames!!! First fanfic. Takes place many years after Dracula 2000. Enjoy![Chapter 2] Disclaimer: We still don't own anything but our own characters. Please R&R; and let us know how we're doing. It'd mean a lot to the both of us. :-)[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: Nope, still don't own anything but our original characters.[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: Nope, we still don't own anything but out own characters…which isn't so bad in the long run. Please R&R;![Chapter 5] Disclaimer: Nope, still don't own anything save for our own characters.[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: Still don't own anything save for our own characters. Please R&R;!xadxadxadxadxadxadxadxadxadxadxadxadxadxadxadxadxadxadxad[Chapter 7] Disclaimer: Same ol' same ol'…only own our characters. Please R&R.;[Chapter 8] A/N: Nope, still don't own anything but our own characters… Sorry about the delay in posting up a new chapter. Holidays & birthdays run close together in my family. Anyway, hope you like it! Please R&R;! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: This is based upon an RP and co-written by my RP partner. We have no ownership, save ov"},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"oakey oaks killer","Author":"Soul of Hell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2710134","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first story so please review. chapter 1. first death \"so what do you want to do?\" Abby asked. \"I dont know.\" Chicken Little replied. \"man this is borring.\" Abby said. They kept on asking each other what they want to do. \"hey Abby, want to go to my house?\" Chicken Little asked. \"hey wait, do you even live in your house?\" Abby asked. \"oh yea i dont live any were, hey Abby, i need an area to live in is it alright if i live with you?\" Chicken Little asked. \"Sure, but what made you stay here without your father? \"you really want to know?\" Chicken Little asked. \"yea, i really want to know.\" Abby said. \"ok, once me and my dad were about to leave to move some were else, i asked him if i can say bye to you, and he said that i can, just as long as i return at 11:00 and when i looked at the time, it was 10:55, so i said that i will be back in five minutes, then i returned at 11:05, then he left a note saying, you didnt return at 11:00, so im leaving without you, so thats how i got to stay.\" Chicken Little said. \"wow, thats amazing!\" Abby said. So Chicken Little and Abby walked to their house and then they thought they should visit fish just to say hi. \"hey fish, open up!\" they both said. They noticed that fish was crying. \"hey fish whats the matter?\" Abby asked. \"gulp, gulp, gulp!\" Fish said. \"what did he say? he went to fast.\" Chicken Little asked. \"he said that his parents got murdered\" Abby replied. \"well shouldnt we find out who killed them?\" Chicken Little asked. \"ok, but we start tonight, fish come with us.\" Abby said. to be continued, i know its short but i promise it will be longer.[Chapter 2] ok, i dont think this chapter will be long enough, but review, i dont have any! 2nd chapter, Whats going on? So once Fish, Abby, and Chicken Little were walking to find out who killed Fish's Parents, they were wondering who could the killer be. \"hey Chicken Little, what if your father is the killer?\" Abby asked. \"No, it cant be him, my father moved away, so it cant be him. As they were walking, Abby could see something go by her. \"did you see that?\" Abby asked. \"no what the heck are you talking about?\" Chicken Little asked. The responce from fish was just a sad underwater voice. \"yea your right Fish, it might be my imagination.\" Abby said. They continued to walk and out from no were Chicken Little heard a scream. \"guys, did you hear that?\" Chicken Little asked. \"yea, what was that?\" Abby asked. \"It sounded like a scream, a scream from, your house, Abby.\" Chicken Little said. \"m-my house?\" Abby asked. \"yea from you house.\" Chicken Little said. The only reply fish made, was his normal underwater voice. \"Fish, you just cant go to my house and see what happened in there!\" Abby said. The reply from fish was a very sad underwater voice. \"ok, just find out what happened.\" Abby said, while crying. She is afraid, that fish might die. So they went to Abby's house, and the told fish to go in there and find out what happened. \"Fish go in there and find out what happened.\" Chicken Little said. So once Fish went in there, he found Abby's parents on the floor, dead. once fish told them this Chicken Little and Abby started to cry. \"hey whats happening?\" Chicken Little asked. \"I dont know\" Abby said. Fish let out a scared underwater voice. \"WHAT! THE KILLER IS NEAR US?\" Chicken Little asked. \"yea, he or she is letting out a shake that makes it feel like an earth quake to warn us he or she is coming!\" Abby said. to be continued... was it short? o well, review![Chapter 3] ok this is the 3rd chapter, sorry it took long! bad news Chicken Little couldnt take the shaking anymore, so he passed out. \"Chicken little, get up!\" Abby yelled while trying to get him up. Abby then saw a figure in front of her. \"get up.\" the figure said. Abby didn't get up. \"I said get up!\" the figure yelled. Abby still didn't get up. \"fine, then if you wont get up, then i guess i'll have bad news for you.\" the figure said while dissappearing. Fish just looked away from Abby. \"Fish anything wrong?\" Abby asked. Fish didn't reply, instead he just ran off. \"Fish, wait!\" Abby screamed. Chicken Little then got up. He was left alone. \"hello? anyone here?\" Chicken Little asked. Chicken Little then saw Abby run to Fish. \"Abby, what happened?\" Chicken Little asked. \"well, a figure came then dissappeared. and Fish ran off for some reason.\" Abby said. \"but did the figure say anything?\" Chicken Little asked. \"yea, the figure did say something.\" Abby said. \"what did it say?\" Chicken Little asked. \"well the figure said for me to get up, but i didn't then the figure told me to get up, once more, but i didn't, then the figure said since i wont get up, that the figure will have bad news for us.\" Abby said. \"what does the figure mean by it will have bad news for us?\" Chicken Little asked. \"i dont know.\" Abby replied. Abby and Chicken Little ran to fish. \"fish, what's the matter?\" Abby asked. Fish did'nt listen to them and stopped. \"Fish, tell us whats wrong?\" Chicken Little asked. Fish then just let out a sad underwater voice. \"listen, its ok, we might stop the killer.\" Abby said. Chicken Little then looked at the ground, almost crying. \"Chicken Little, you ok?\" Abby asked. \"y-yea i'm ok.\" Chicken Little said while still looking at the ground. \"ok, are you sure?\" Abby asked. \"yea i am!\" Chicken Little said while looking at her. \"ok.\" Abby said while looking away. Fish then looked at Chicken Little, who was crying a little. Fish came up to Chicken Little to make him stop crying. Fish made a normal underwater voice. \"oh, fish, why i'm crying is because, I'm just sad.\" Chicken Little said. Abby then heard what Chicken Little said. \"Chicken Little, why are you sad?\" Abby asked. \"I dont want to say it.\" Chicken Little said. A man came to Chicken Little Abby, and Fish. \"you fathers name is Buck Cluck, right?\" he asked. \"yea, why?\" Chicken Little asked. \"because i have bad news, i live were Buck Cluck lives, and while it was night, i went to his house, and i saw him dead, i'm sorry.\" he said. \"my fathers dead?\" Chicken Little asked. \"yes, i'm so sorry.\" he said. The man left leaving Chicken Little, Abby, and Fish alone. \"great, all of our parents are dead.\" Chicken Little said. end of chapter 3. rnwas it longer?[Chapter 4] Hey I'm so sorry that I didn't make a chapternfor this story I am working on another story I am really sorry fornnot working on this story for a long time. Angel the newngirl \"Ournparents are all dead now.\" Abby said. Chicken Little, Abby, andnFish walked and saw a girl across were they were. The girl saw themnand ran off. \"Who isnshe?\" Chicken Little asked. Chicken Little, Abby, and Fish went upnto the girl and the girl ran off. \"Wait!\"nAbby yelled while running behind her. The girl turned around. \"What?\"nThe girl asked. Chicken Little and Fish got to Abby and the girl. \"Who arenyou?\" Abby asked. The girl looked at them all and sighed. \"My name isnAngel and why are you asking me that?\" Angel asked. \"We justnwanted to know.\" Abby said. Fish went up to Angel and looked atnher. Angel lookednat Chicken Little, Abby, and Fish then disappeared. \"Were did shengo?\" Abby asked. Angelnappeared in a dark area and looked at them. Abby, Chicken Little, andnFish saw her and went up to her. \"What?\" Angel asked them all. \"Angel,nwhen you disappeared, we were all wondering if you are alive.\" Abbynsaid. Angel looked at Abby. \"Of coursenI am alive.\" Angel lied. Chicken Little, Abby, and Fish looked atneach other. \"Have younheard of the killer in Oakey Oaks? Abby asked. \"Yea Inheard of the killer.\" Angel said. Chicken Little, Abby, and Fishnlooked at her. \"Do younknow who the killer is?\" Abby asked. \"No I don'tnknow who the killer is.\" Angel lied. Chicken Little, Abby, and Fishnwalked away. Once theynwalked away, Angel went inside of a vacant house, with all the lightsnoff. 'But what they don't know is, is that I'm not alive and Inam the killer.' Angel said in her mind then disappeared. To bencontinued… Well I hopenyou like this chapter.[Chapter 5] Inhope you like this chapter. She'snbeen found out… Angelnlooked from the dark house, to Chicken Little, Fish, and Abby. 'Inwonder if they know I'm the killer…' Angel thought. Angel wentnout of the house, although she was dead, she can't be affectivenfrom the light. Angel silently went up behind them, making sure notnto get their attention. \"ChickennLittle, Fish, I have a feeling about Angel, do you think she's thenkiller?\" Abby asked. Angel looked at Abby; making Abby get scared.nChicken Little turned around and saw Angel. Chicken Little gotnscared, so did Fish. \"Angel,nI'm starting to think you are the killer in Oakey Oaks.\" Abbynsaid. Chicken Little began to walk away. Fish went after ChickennLittle to make him get back to were Abby was. \"Wait,nhow do you kno- I mean, I'm not the killer.\" Angel said. Angelnbegan to look at the sun, and her eyes began to turn the color,nwhite. Abby noticed Angel, so did Chicken Little. \"Angel,nis there anything wrong?\" Chicken Little asked. Angel covered herneyes. Abby went up to Angel and fell to the ground. Chicken Littlenlooked away from Angel to Abby. Chicken Little went up to Abby. \"Whatnthe heck is wrong with you?\" Chicken little asked. Chicken Littlenhelped Abby up then looked at Angel. \"Therenis nothing wrong with me… I can't believe you think I'm stillnalive. I died a long time ago and went to hell because I killed a lotnof people, and I always used language.\" Angel said. Chicken Little,nAbby, and Fish couldn't believe what they just heard. \"Incan't believe it! You believed my lie! I am the killer! I mightnkill you next!\" Angel said pointing at Abby. \"WHYnDO YOU WANT TO KILL ME NEXT?\" Abby yelled. Chicken Little looked atnAngel. \"Younare not going to kill her!\" Chicken Little yelled. Angel looked atnAbby then at Chicken Little. \"ChickennLittle, Just let her kill me, she has been found out.\" Abby said. TonBe Continued… WillnAbby be killed?[Chapter 6] Hi sorry I haven't worked on this story for anwhile. Angel'snmemories. Angel wasnready to kill Abby, when her eyes turned white. \"I remember…\"nShe said; with her eyes still white. Abby was a little scared. \"Inremember…\" Angel continued to say. Her eyes began to turn normalnfor a while, then turned white. Chicken Little was confused. 'Whondoes she remember?' thought Chicken Little. Abby continued to watchnher. \"Inremember…you.\" Angel said pointing at Abby. Abby was amazed!n'How, why, how does she know me?' Abby thought. \"When wenwere children, I remember now.\" Angel said. ---------------------------Flashback------------------------- Angel wasn8 years old, so was Abby. They were both best friends. \"What younwant to do?\" Abby asked. Angel didn't say anything. Instead, shensmiled. Everything was fun when they were around with each other.nUntil something horrible happened. It was raining, hard. There wasngoing to be an earthquake. When Angel had no were to go, she askednAbby if she can go. She asked her because her parents wouldn't takenher. \"But mynparents hate me!\" Angel said. Abby began to cry. Angel watched asnAbby left from were she used to live, to Oakey Oaks. Angel was thenonly one left in her town. The earthquake began and when she tried tonfind shelter, it was to late. A building fell down on her. She diednfrom that. -----------------------------Endnof flashback-------------------------- \"Whyncouldn't you take me?\" Angel asked. Abby now remembered that. \"Mynparents said that I couldn't take anyone with me, including you.\"nAbby said. Angel got a little bit mad and her eyes turned to white.nAngel then disappeared to a dark house. Abby looked at Angel from thendark house. TO BEnCONTINUED[Chapter 7] OK, guys, please read this. This story, I AM NO LONGER GOING TO CONTINUING(Sp?) THIS STORY. I really liked the fact that you stayed when I first started this fanatic, but I'm sorry but I'm not continuing. I lost my interest in Chicken Little now, and I signed up for this web when I was 10 or something. I'm 12, about be 13. My life was getting horrible in the 6th grade, and I kept on getting grounded. I even turned emo since I was so sad. And now that I'm in the 7th grade, I dont have enough time to make or update stories. Alright, I made two new stories called 'Trapped' and 'I Have no Intrest in this 'Hinamizawa''. I'm sorry guys, but I'm no longer continuing. Also, just to let you know, I will be posting up new stories, since I haven't been on here for a while. It's just that I've been obsessed with anime for like, 6 years now. I'm sorry, but all my other stories will be of anime. Sorry, once again. ","Summary":" This is my first story so please review. chapter 1. first death \"so what do you want to do?\" Abby"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Un demonio llamado amor","Author":"Ambar V","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6646168","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hola nuevamente yo por aquí wiiiiii espero que les guste la historia como verán soy otra de las que se unen en contra del infame final de Niñas mal, es un intento por tratar de mejorarlo de ante mano gracias por leer. Un demonio llamado amor. Astronauta de verdad. Siete días, eran ya siete largos días desde que las liberaron de casa Maca, en los cuales había recibido pequeñas noticias sobre cuatro de las chicas: Nina y Greta prefirieron quedarse un tiempo más encerradas, sus razones tendrían y a lo mejor uno de estos días que estuviera de humor pasaría a ver a sus amigas. Marisa por lo poco que le conto ya supero su trauma por la diva, por la pre fabricada cantante y Adela por fin acepto que necesitaba de los demás, principalmente a Nachito, un perfecto motivo para volver a salir de rumba. Por último estaba Pia a quien no volvió a ver después de que la dejara seguir su retorno a casa. Odiaba verla con esa carita de tristeza, por eso se puso a bailar y a disque tocar su guitarra antes de seguir con su camino quería despedirse con una sonrisa en su rostro, dio un par de pasos más antes de volver la vista atrás esperando encontrar a la causante de sus dudas, de sus desvelos para ver que ya se había ido. Como le dolió aquello. Que tonta fue al creer que llegando a su casa y con todo aclarado las pesadillas desaparecerían tan rápido como llegaron, sin embargo se convirtió en todo lo contrario pues desde la primera noche no logro descansar en lo mas mínimo puesto que al poco tiempo de caer en los brazos de Morfeo la imagen de la pelinegra apareció a su lado, que solo venia para despedirse porque al día siguiente se irá lejos, que tenía que desintoxicarse de ella olvidar por completo todo lo que sentía terminar con su tormento de no tenerla y posiblemente nunca mas se volverían a ver, conforme escuchaba aquello un dolor se instalaba en lo más profundo de su ser rasgando de poco en poco su alma. Agachaba la mirada para evitar que Pia pudiera ver las pequeñas lagrimas que amenazaban con salir, al volver la vista al frente su amiga ya no se encontraba, la buscaba con desesperación hasta que volvía a divisarla a lo lejos, no lo pensaba dos veces cuando echaba a correr para darle alcance y tratar de detenerla sin embargo al estar a un palmo de tocarla despertaba aturdida y con un sentimiento de vacío que no sabía explicar o no quería hacerlo. Este sueño fue recurrente a lo largo de la semana pero el de ayer las imágenes que la atormentaron fueron distintas, se encontraba caminando por la calle sin rumbo en realidad y a lo lejos logro divisar dos figuras que venían tomadas de la mano, conforme se acercaban las siluetas pasaron a tomar color y forma, cuál fue su sorpresa al encontrarse de frente a Pia que venía riendo con una expresión de felicidad que nunca le llego a ver dentro de la casa. Lo que más le dolía era verla con otra, forzaba una sonrisa mientras le contaba cómo se conocieron pues le prometió ninguna escenita de celos al fin ella la empujo a aquello. Cuando la pareja estaba a punto de darse un beso Valentina se obligaba a despertar con un fuerte dolor en el pecho. Estúpidamente se creía libre de su confusión sobre todo porque la última conversación que mantuvo con la pelinegra fue para darle una definición a su relación muy a su pesar, que al parecer sirvió de absolutamente nada porque se sentía peor, no porque tuviera que escoger entre Axel y Pia sino que debía ser por primera vez sincera consigo misma. Maca tenía razón lo que necesitaba no lo encontraría encerrada en cualquier lugar que prefirieran para que pagara sus deudas con la sociedad y mucho menos la volvieran normal como su mama esperaba porque prefería evitarse las etiquetas de sus amigas solo por tener una hija \"rara\". Se dirige al único espejo en su cuarto para verse y darse cuenta que la que se refleja no es la Valentina que conocía hace unos meses era como observarse en un cuerpo que no le pertenece no tiene idea de quién es y como siempre no sabe que quiere en la vida, hoy más que nunca tiene miedo a que hablen de ella que la traten diferente. Lo ha vivido con Anna en el colegio donde las ignoraban, se alejaban al verlas pasar, no fuera a ser contagioso o se limitaban a susurrar pero para que ir tan lejos si en su propia casa se sentía insegura. Desde muy corta edad tuvo que enfrentarse a las críticas de las dos únicas personas que en su momento fueron su único mundo, todo por preferir playeras y pantalones en vez de vestiditos y zapatos muy coquetos a juego, que en vez de querer aprender a pintarse le gustara ir a los toquines o que no le gustara jugar a la comidita si no que deseara aprender a tocar la guitarra todo lo que estaba reservado a los varones supuestamente. En realidad nunca se le dio bien eso de seguir las reglas según lo estipulado por otros. No podía quejarse nunca le falto nada o por lo menos no materiales pues hasta eso su mama \"se preocupaba por ella\" (o en realidad para que no la fastidiara), solo le falto algo que no se podía comprar: el apoyo incondicional de su familia, por eso intento ser fuerte ante todo lo que dijeran de ella y Anna quería protegerla…. Y ahora quien la iba a proteger, ya no estaba su apoyo e incondicional amiga y tenía miedo de aceptar quien era, a quien quería. Toma su guitarra para empezar a tocar acordes al azar, hasta que hilo un par formando una hermosa melodía que al principio le sonó tímida, como si no quisiera que todos pudieran escucharla, era de ritmo lento pero hermoso le recordaba a Pia. Me besaste esa noche cual si fuera el último día de tu boca cada vez que me acuerdo yo siento en mi pecho el peso de una roca. Empezaron a salir las palabras de su boca en un acto involuntario, no podía creer del todo lo que estaba haciendo pero como negarlo ese era su sentir, jamás olvidaría aquel beso tan torpe y tímido que se dieron deseaba volver a sentir el roce de esos sedosos y bien delineados labios, esperaba no haberlos perdido todo debido a su estúpido miedo, de verdad deseaba ser más valiente para estar con la pelinegra. Despertar con el temor que aprisiona y en la niebla contemplar el callejón de mi vida sin salida si tu voz duerme en otro lugar. Siguió cantando con verdadero dolor en la voz. \"No quiero lastimarte con mi confusión, solo te quiero como amiga\", esas fueron sus palabras exactas que uso para no haceptar lo que sentía por su amiga, quería estar con ella por siempre y por su mala experiencia con las relaciones sabia que estas no suelen durar tanto, pero ya no podía seguir negándo sus sentimientos, la amaba y quería ser más que una simple amiga para Pia. Aun no sabía cómo pero haria todo lo que le pidiera aun si eso fuera que saltara del rascacielos mas alto de la ciudad con tal de recuperarla y resarcir su error. Continuara ? Gracias por llegar hasta aquí, espero sus comentarios que me ayuden a ser mejor escritora serán bienvenidos e igual las ideas para la historia. Pronto nos seguimos leyendo.[Chapter 2] Hola nuevamente a todos ya sé que me tarde demasiado con esta historia pero la inspiración nada mas no llegaba tengo la idea central de la historia pero no del todo clara por eso la tardanza sin embargo creo que la espera valió la pena y bueno del capitulo anterior me falto hacer dos pequeñas aclaraciones las partes de las canciones que ocupe fue Demonio de The Mills y Addicted to you de Shakira. Ya sin mas de por medio aquí les va la continuación. Pululan las cobardes. Se sentía abrumada por toda la tormenta de sentimientos que llegaron a ella tan de golpe, no podía seguir enclaustrada en su cuarto necesitaba un poco de aire fresco para tratar de ayudarle a su cerebro a pensar en una manera de recuperar a Pia. A pesar de que seguía en una relación un poco difícil con su familia esta le regreso las llaves de su motoneta. Nuevamente tenia medio de transporte para ir libre de aquí a allá como se le diera en gana, razón por la cual su mama se sorprendió al verla partir a pie. Aunque antes le gustara sentir el viento sobre su rostro al ir en su moto alejándose por un rato de sus problemas recorriendo la ciudad, no podía compararse con la sensación que le causaba el ir caminando cuando su objetivo de tranquilizarse desconectándose por completo, hasta que respirar fuera por instinto. Sin un rumbo fijo con su ipod a todo volumen avanzo durante un largo rato aislada de su alrededor solo podía pensar en Pia y lo estúpida que fue al decirle que solo podrían ser amigas la última vez que la vio partiéndole el corazón como se supone que aria ahora para decirle que todo fue una mentira que la quería de vuelta en su vida más que una amiga, que extrañaba las mañanas donde su despertador personal hacia su trabajo con una dosis de cosquillas, que le regalara una sonrisa por el simple hecho de hacerlo, verla dormir tan plácidamente abrazada a su pequeña tortuga sin duda observar a un ángel dormir claro con algo de celos por aquel peluche que tenia la suerte de arrullarse oyendo los latidos de su corazón. Have you left to make me feel anymore there's only you and everyday i need more if you want me come and find me i'll do anything you say just tell me Canta en un susurro con una sonrisa melancólica que aparece en su rostro, cuanto la echaba de menos y apenas habían pasado algunos días que sería de ella si esos días se volvieran, en semanas, meses o en un para siempre. ¿Podría soportar tanto tiempo sin su sol? Tenia que recuperarla como dé lugar. -Soy una estúpida al dejarla ir. Nunca se dio cuenta de a donde se dirigía, sus pies se movían por voluntad propia marcándole un camino desconocido hasta que topo con unas rejas blancas sorprendiéndola un poco cuanto lucho estos meses para salir de aquel lugar como para que ahora por su propio pie regresara. La casa que le cambiaria la vida en tantos sentidos, empezando por conocer el dolor de una perdida, el apoyo incondicional de los suyos, conocer quién es y sobretodo aprender a amar. Su vista se encontraba perdida en el jardín de aquel lugar, su mirada recorría todos los espacios que pudiera desde la reja hasta que topo con el árbol que servía a los tres mosqueteros de Adela para colarse en la casa, también se podía ver la ventana que daba al cuarto que compartió con la pelinegra donde vivió tantos momentos mágicos e inesperados que lograban descarrilar el ritmo de su corazón de tan solo recordarlos, hoy veía esos recuerdos tan lejos preguntándose qué hizo en esos instantes. \"los desperdicie\" era la principal palabra que aparecía en su mente, toda su vida espero para sentirse a gusto consigo misma que cuando al fin paso lo dejo ir, tan cobardemente que no se aferro al amor sincero que le profeso aquella hermosa ángel de alas rotas. -Valentina!- casi gritan con sorpresa y felicidad de verla, sacándola de su ensimismamiento. -Hola? –saluda al no ver quien la ha llamado -Que haces por aquí?, no esperaba verte pronto. Tenía razón no debería estas ahí. -O tu también piensas regresar? Encerrada no podría hacer nada por recuperar al amor de su vida o tal vez si lo necesitaba para reflexionar en lo último que ha hecho. -No estoy tan loca. Greta se le queda viendo enfadada por el comentario no estaba loca al querer regresar solo quería seguir aprendiendo como su vida puede seguir sin todas las comodidades que el dinero podía comprarle, antes de retomar su vida como cualquier otra persona común y corriente que no dependiera de la aceptación de un hombre para ser feliz. -¿Quieres pasar?-Era tentadora la idea tal vez hablando con ella se podría dar una idea de que hacer.- no por nada estas aquí Valen – sorprendida la pelirroja por la deducción asiente dándole la razón- y supongo es… -Porque necesitaba salir de mi casa- la corta de manera brusca. Ignorando el tono que uso, le abrió la puerta para que pudiera pasar, la pelirroja así lo hizo sin chocar miradas. Era un poco extraño regresar a ese lugar sin embargo se sentía como en su hogar. Todo se encontraba en una paz algo inusual o eso creía, tal vez se debía porque Adela ya no estaba ahí para poner el ejemplo de una niña mal, pero a pesar de eso le extraño no ver a Nina haciendo ejercicio o tal vez a Marisa atrás de su ídolo, o porque no a Teo de un lado a otro tratando de que no deshicieran la casa. -No es lo mismo sin todas ustedes-dice de momento la castaña como si le leyera la mente, pero tenía razón esa casa no era la misma sin la presencia de Pia en ella, se sentía mas grande y vacía faltaba algo que no sabía cómo describir pero que también le faltaba en su corazón. -Afuera pasa lo mismo. Dijo con melancolía esas chavas se habían convertido en su única familia y siendo sincera sin quien pelear o a quien molestar no era igual su día a día tal vez por eso inconscientemente su cuerpo la llevo a ese lugar algo le quería a decir pero que era tal vez sería una pista de cómo tendría que hacer para recuperar al amor de su vida o para resignarse por completo que la había perdido y no tendría nada más que los recuerdos. -Toma Valen-le tiende un vaso de agua a la susodicha la cual desde que emprendieron el camino a la cocina se perdió en sus pensamientos olvidándose del mundo a su alrededor, la castaña creía saber el porqué de su inesperada visita y quería ayudarla pero no podía hasta que por fin aceptara sus sentimientos, todas las que convivieron en esa casa se dieron cuenta que algo pasaba entre sus dos (ahora) amigas, solo Valentina era la única que no quiso quitarse esa venda de los ojos. Todos aprenden por la mala claro ella lo sabia mejor que nadie primero fue su obsesión (que confundió con amor) hacia Kike el niño de papa dispuesto a todo por hundirla junto con su familia y después con Emiliano el amor es difícil que si no se atiende se descuida hasta desgastarse, perdiéndose en el tiempo con pocas posibilidades de recuperarse, más cuando este amor es sincero, verdadero e inocente como el que Pia le tenía a la pelirroja. -Necesito tu ayuda. Escucho Greta el rasposo pedido de su amiga, sabía que no tardarían en llegar las lagrimas a esos ojos se sentía sorprendida al ver a su amiga en ese estado ya que la única vez que la vio en una situación parecida había sido cuando le organizaron una despedida para Anna solo que en esta ocasión era diferente ese sentimiento de pérdida no era el de una simple amiga si no de algo mas, todo en esa pelirroja se lo decía. No sabía cómo explicarlo pero si podía asegurar que se sentía culpable por alejar a Pia no tenían idea de cómo terminaron su relación al salir de la casa pero al juzgar por su visita inesperada no fue del todo bien. -¿La quieres? -… –no contesta inmediatamente, sin embargo cierra los ojos rememorando todos aquellos recuerdos que las involucraban pronto todo a su alrededor desapareció y una imagen en particular le vino a la mente, una Pia feliz con una enorme sonrisa inocente…- mucho más que eso-contesta segura de sus palabras. -Entonces que esperas para decírselo Valentina, ella también te quiere se notaba a kilómetros, solo tú no supiste verlo. -Te equivocas-dice con desgano y cierto enojo en la voz- si lo vi al igual que todas, solo no pude aceptarlo a tiempo tal vez ya perdí esa oportunidad. -Queremos que pasen las cosas de la nada, por ejemplo que les gustemos y se fijen en uno sin hacer nada para que eso pase… -Pero Pia si lo hizo y yo no lo supe aprovechar en su momento, deje que mi miedo me controlara no pude con la presión de lo que pudieran decir o pensar de mí, no me permitió decirle cuanto la quería cuán importante era en mi vida-las lagrimas empiezan a salir de esos hermosos ojos-cuan enamorada estaba de ella. -Da el primer paso… ¿El primer paso? O por lo menos es lo que le había recomendado Greta, pero¿ cual era este decirle que la quería, que no podían ser solamente amigas? que la necesitaba cada día un poco mas… debía buscarla lo más pronto posible antes de que realmente fuera demasiado tarde aun podía guardar la esperanza de que tendría una oportunidad de conquistarla. Si iría a verla tenía que hacerlo con algo especial, quería empezar a demostrarle que si le importaba mas que una simple amiga, desesperada por no encontrar algo con que ir tomo su guitarra y empezó a tocar los acordes de una canción olvidada en el baúl de los recuerdos, esa canción la había empezado unos meses antes de entrar a casa Maca hoy sabia que compondría esa canción para la mujer que le robaría el corazón, muy entrada la noche termino aquella canción que describía su relación con Pia. Ese día despertó temprano a pesar del poco tiempo que tuvo para descansar, sorprendiendo a los habitantes de esa casa se metió a bañar antes que todos, tardándose un tiempo en escoger que ropa ponerse, peinarse con esmero quería verse lo mejor posible, salió corriendo sin desayunar armada de su inseparable guitarra rumbo a la casa de la morocha. Al llegar a su destino y llamar a la puerta, una señora salió a recibirla, vestida como una adolecente no era a la que esperaba a ver. -Buenos días ¿se encuentra Pia? -Tu debes de ser una de sus amigas-solo asiento-pues la verdad no tengo idea donde esta no paso aquí la noche y si te soy sincera no sé cuantos días lleve sin regresar a la casa. Esto no podía salir mejor, el amor de mi vida está desaparecida y sin poder comunicarme, su mama no se interesa por ella. Decepcionada salió del lugar, cabizbaja camino rumbo a un parque cercano que vio antes de llegar a casa de la morena, se sentó a la sombra de un árbol saco su guitarra tocando aquella canción que escribió para ella. Y tarde o temprano te darás cuenta que no eres el mejor ni yo perfecta la vida vuela sin preguntar no es un boceto para ensayar. y dudo que sea más temprano que tarde pues, me estoy acostumbrando a no poder amarte... Sin saber que su canto podía llegar a los oídos adecuados. Continuara…? Mmmm gracias por seguir leyendo después de mis 50 mil años sin actualizar espero les guste, se les agradecerá cualquier comentario bueno o malo las canciones son una de evanescence no recuerdo el nombre y la otra es puntos suspensivos de patricia bermudez es genial espero la escuchen.[Chapter 3] Como están? Yo muy feliz de ver que a pesar del tiempo que paso de mi actualización aun hay personas que leen mi historia muchas gracias no saben cuánto me alegra y me impulsa a seguir escribiendo, aquí les dejo el tercer capítulo. Set apart this dream No podía permanecer más tiempo en su casa, esas cuatro paredes le traerían recuerdos nada gratos a pesar de lo que otros pudieran pensar después de todo se supone que nuestro santuario donde nos sentimos más seguros es nuestro propio hogar, pero como culparla con una madre despreocupada de su hija que la puso en manos de la primera persona que le ofreció cuidarla y pagarle con tal de que no le estorbara… gran error haber creído que su madre siempre la protegería, ahora la soledad cada instante se hacía presente con mayor ímpetu no solo a su alrededor si no que empezaba a penetrar a su corazón. Logro superar su pasado, sin embargo jamás lograría olvidar a aquella pelirroja que se instalo tan profundamente en su herido corazón, en su alma que clamaba por calor que encendiera una mecha que le permitiera sentirse viva nuevamente que le recordara que era una flor deseando florecer y mostrar esos atesorados sentimientos que deseaba entregar a la persona adecuada, Pia pensaba que aquella pirata que sería digna de aquel tesoro ya había llegado a su vida, nunca imagino que cargaría con la sombra de un amor mal correspondido. Lo que no esperaba es que el destino le tenía preparada una sorpresa que podría cambiar el rumbo de su vida. A lo lejos se podían escuchar los acordes de una dulce guitarra que le recordaba tanto a su Valentina, tan tierna y cariñosa con ella dispuesta a cuidarla escucharla… Y tarde o temprano te darás cuenta que no eres el mejor ni yo perfecta la vida vuela sin preguntar no es un boceto para ensayar. y dudo que sea más temprano que tarde pues, me estoy acostumbrando a no poder amarte... Mientras se acercaba al parque aquel al que solía ir de pequeña debido a que se encontraba a unas calles de su casa alcanzo a oír aquel canto, esa voz le sonaba tan conocida pero de donde, podía jurar que esa canción nunca la había escuchado en su vida pero muy en el fondo sentía que le era tan familiar, llamada por la curiosidad y la intriga de saber de donde provenía aquel sonido tan hipnótico se acerco. Sentía que la llamaban que era solo para que ella, no sabía cómo describir aquel presentimiento. Cuál fue su sorpresa al encontrarse con una pelirroja sentada al pie de un árbol sintiendo como su corazón se paralizaba no podía darse falsas ilusiones no sabía cuánto tiempo más podría aguantar algo así, por lo que insistió en que muchas personas andaban con el cabello pintado de ese color y que seguramente sabían tocar la guitarra: Valentina no era la única en el mundo… pero si en el suyo, se acerco con cautela albergando la mas mínima ilusión de que aquella muchacha sentada era el amor de su vida. Dio un par de pasos más, los cuales le ayudaron a enfocar con mayor precisión aquella figura… \"no podía ser\" pensaba Pia al ver esa tan característica chamarra blanca a cuadros negros. -Valen… -susurra. De golpe la música seso, sacándola se su trance. -Pia?- se levanta inmediatamente, dejando recargada (casi avienta) su guitarra en el árbol reacción que sorprende a la susodicha. -Creo que así me llamo –sonríe con ternura. -Pia – parecía que la pelirroja no sabía decir nada mas causando una leve risa a la pelinegra, Valentina parece salir de su asombro y corre a abrazarla-no tienes idea de cuánto te he extrañado. -Yo también Valen-corresponde al abrazo. -¿Cómo has estado?-pregunta con preocupación. -Bien Valen –dice fingiendo una sonrisa que su amiga no le compra, sabe que no puede mentirle a la pelirroja pero puede hacer el intento. -De verdad Pia? -Si estoy bien, desde que volví de casa de Maca mi mama es otra, me trata diferente ahora sí parece que soy su hija se preocupa por mí, consiguió un trabajo y yo también estoy buscando uno para ayudarla con los gasto de la casa. La pelirroja quería gritarle que la dejara de engañar que sabia perfectamente que no era así, que todo seguía igual de caótico en su vida que apenas había ido a buscarla a su casa y su madre, si es que a esa persona se le podría llamar de esa manera no sabia donde se encontraba ni cuantos días llevaba fuera de su casa sin preocuparle lo mas mínimo el paradero de su hija. Pero como decirle que estaba preocupada por ella, entendía porque Pia no quería contarle la verdad, muchas veces le fallo así que como esperaba aun le tuviera la más mínima confianza después de que ella se encargo de que esta se diluyera con el tiempo. Le dolía ver cuántas cosas habían cambiado entre ellas después de unos cuantos días alejadas, no podía decir que seguían siendo inseparables como al principio ya no existía esa confianza ciega que las impulso a buscar formar lazos entre ellas cuando las demás chicas solo buscaban la manera de atacar a la otra. -Y tu Valen como has estado? Su mente se debatía si decirle la verdad, del cuanto la había extrañado, que tal vez tarde muy tarde se dio cuenta de sus verdaderos sentimientos de lo mucho que significaba ella dentro de su insípida vida que lloro por ella todas las noches al no tenerla cerca, al no sentir su cuerpo al lado suyo recordándole que no estaba sola en ese mundo donde para nadie existía. -No tengo mucho de quejarme, mi mama y mi hermana también cambiaron-lo que pasaba es que estaban cansadas de luchar contra una necia que jamás les haría caso, que habían influido ya mucho sobre su pensar, su forma de llevar \"SU\" vida como para que se lo permitiera un segundo más de ahora en adelante no le daría importancia a sus opiniones ya que por sus prejuicios dudo por mucho tiempo sobre lo que sentía su corazón. -Me alegro por ti-dice sonriendo. Valentina se preguntaba si esa sonrisa era sincera, si aun se la merecía aun tenía ganas de sentirse cobijada de sus brazos esperando que ese cariño de antes aun estuviera enterrado en algún lugar del corazón de Pia. Pronto regresaron abajo del árbol donde la pelirroja se encontraba unos minutos antes, las dos se sentaron juntas como en los viejos tiempos, Valentina tomando nuevamente su guitarra para enseñarle completa esa canción que compuso para ella y otras tantas que aun mantenía a medias esperando que de alguna manera su musa la ayudara a terminarlas ahora que su pequeño sol se encontraba a su lado iluminándola, solo esperaba que no solo fuera por esta tarde únicamente deseaba con fervor que fueran muchas tardes mas juntas compartiendo su vida, sus secretos, sus penas nuevamente odiaría ser solo su amiga pero si eso es lo único que le pueden ofrecer estaba dispuesta a tomarlo, encontraría la manera de recuperar a Pia volverla a enamorar y quedarse de por vida haciéndose compañía en un mundo que no las comprendía. La noche se hizo presente mucho más rápido de lo que ambas esperaban, una por no dejarla ir y la otra por el miedo que esta le provocaba la oscuridad el silencio y la soledad que la invadía por esas horas. Los primeros días que Pia estuvo en libertad paso las noches en su casa, pero pronto se dio cuenta que a ese hogar no pertenecía, por lo que regreso al que realmente consideraba su casa. Sin embargo Maca a los pocos días le dijo que no podía permanecer más tiempo ahí tenía que enfrentar sus temores y volverse una persona fuerte que dependiera del cobijo de otro para sentirse segura. Después de eso paso un par de días en un Motel, pero los recuerdos que este le traían a la mente había hecho que sus pesadillas de su vida pasada regresaran acechándola esperando su hora de más vulnerabilidad para atacarla. -Me tengo que ir Valen o se van a preocupar. -No por favor espera Pia, no creo que a tu mama le moleste que pases la noche conmigo o sí? -Pero… - era tentadora su idea – no te dirán nada en tu casa. La pelirroja solo niega con la cabeza, guarda su guitarra y toma de la mano a la pelinegra como un acto reflejo, a medio camino se da cuenta de su acción poniéndola algo nerviosa haciendo que se sonrojase, lo bueno es que su acompañante se encontraba tan ensimismada en sus pensamientos como para prestarle atención a esos mínimos detalles. Esta seria la primera vez que la pelinegra fuera a casa de Valentina, que podía esperar de esa ida conocía a la perfección la opinión que tenía su mama y su hermana de su relación con Anna tal vez no podía compararse pero si todas se dieron cuenta de que entre ellas había algo más que amistad temía por la reacción y el problema que le traería a su amiga ya no quería ser carga de nadie. -Pia…?-la llama sin respuesta alguna. -Me decías ? -Que ya llegamos, bienvenida a mi casa no es la gran cosa pero es mi casa o eso dicen. Logra una sonrisa de su amiga por el comentario aligerando un poco la atmosfera pesada que se instalo entre ellas. Al entrara se dieron cuenta de que el lugar se encontraba vacío por suerte para la pelinegra aun no le tocaría conocer a la familia de Valentina. -Quieres algo de comer ? –Ofrece sonriendo de lado- la verdad no sé hacer mucho de comer eeh así que piensa bien tu respuesta. -Jajajaja si eso me quedo claro el tiempo que vivimos con Maca-sonriendo de igual manera. Valentina se apresuro a la cocina a ver que buscar y preparar algo de comer, encontrando un sobre de sopa saco una cacerola con agua la puso a fuego lento siguió las instrucciones como muchas tantas otras veces y la dejo a fuego lento, regresando a buscar a Pia la cual se quedo en la sala curioseando las muchas fotos que había de la familia. -Qué vez ? -Nada interesante-se voltea un poco apenada-pero… dime la de esta foto eres tu o tu hermana ? -Diablos la encontraste-se dirige a la foto que señala su amiga, la toma viéndola detenidamente-aunque parezca increíble si soy yo esa niña con vestidito zapatitos a juego, una bolsita y sus coletitas. -Valen te vez… \"tan tierna, hermosa\" diferente. -Lo sé… -A que huele ? –pregunta Pia tratando de identificar el olor- creo que huele a quemado… más bien huele a quemado Valentina. Ambas corren a la cocina buscando el origen del olor, encontrándose con que la cazuela en la que puso la sopa esta hirviendo con la mayoría de la pasta quedando quemada e incomible. -Valen, se le baja al fuego para q se cocine bien. \"Porque no lo hice, no es la primera vez que preparo sopa aguada-observa a Pia intentar despegar la masa pegada al fondo del traste y se embelesa-ya sé porque\" -Si ignoramos que la mayoría está quemado y tiene un sabor extraño como a carbón, podemos comer jajajaja. -No tranquila preparare pizza-voltea la pelinegra a verla preocupada ahora quemara la casa-es más sencillo-toma el teléfono marco un numero y espera unos segundos-buenas noches podría traerme una pizza de pepperoni… si… si… si… con cambio. Toma a Pia de la muñeca y la arrastra a la sala a sentarse y esperar su comida. -Listo en media hora comemos, ves que tan sencillo es preparar pizza. -Si ya me di cuenta. El tiempo transcurrió sin un comentario mas, instalándose un silencio muy profundo pero para nada incomodo siendo perturbado por el ruido del televisor en el cual pasaban una película, por un momento Valentina creyó que todo había vuelto a la normalidad entre las dos (antes de que la rechazara), sin embargo el gusto le duro poco ya que al transcurrir los minutos todo se volvía mas incomodo no se hablaban ni si quiera se miraban, sabía que Pia estaba sentada a su lado pero parecieran meras extrañas encontradas por casualidad era tan difícil esta situación más cuando había decidido que no la quería fuera de su vida, si tenía tantas ganas de lanzársele encima y besarla sin fin, de decirle cuanto la amaba en realidad cuan miserable se volvió su vida sin su compañía lo mucho que lamentaba cuanto la lastimo y lo estúpida que fue al dejarla ir así como así que sabia perfectamente que se merecía todo esto sin embargo eso no significaba que le gustaría que las cosas entre ellas fuera diferentes. El timbre sonó sacándola de sus pensamientos. -Llego la pizza. Saco un par de platos vasos en la mesa sirvió unas rebanadas de pizza y se la llevo a su amiga que seguía sentada en la sala viendo todos los movimientos de la pelirroja. -Aquí tienes- le tiene el plato y se sienta a su lado a seguir contemplando en la televisión esas imágenes vacías que no la ayudaban en nada con la situación a este paso sufriría un ataque de ansias e impotencia de darse cuenta que aun seguía siendo la misma cobarde que salió de la casa de Maca por no ser capaz de darse la oportunidad de amar a esa hermosa y tierna mujer a su lado, le faltaba dar ese último paso que le permitieran volver a ser feliz y sentirse completa pero como hacerlo si la actitud de Pia tampoco la ayudaba a armarse de valor. -Valen que rica te quedo la pizza y decías que no sabias preparar nada de comer. Su comentario hizo reír de buena gana a las dos. -Si lo sé, verdad que están muy buenas las pizzas que preparo ? La pelinegra no pudo contestar por el bocado que tenía en la boca pero atino a asentir con la cabeza y sonreír. Qué lindo sueño era aquel de nueva cuenta las dos como amigas sin embargo en esta ocasión cuánto duraría cuanto le seria permitido sentirse feliz al lado de esta persona como tendría que demostrarle ese cariño que le tiene tan inmenso e incuantificable, todo un sueño hecho realidad por fin la persona que la entendía la quería sin juzgar en quien confiar todo sus penas y alegrías sus logros y tropiezos quería ser parte de una vida nueva que podrían iniciar juntas un camino a un largo y con tantos y tantos obstáculos era humana cometía error y su mayor error fue dejarla ir. -Valentina ya llegamos! – se escucha el grito desde el saguan esto venia a echarle a perder su fantasía de todo perfecto, sin pensarlo dos veces se levanto dejo los platos sucios, tomo su guitarra y la mano de Pia la jalo y subieron corriendo a su cuarto encerrándose con seguro en esta ocasión no se meterían en su vida arruinándole la oportunidad de ser quien de verdad es. -Valen estás segura que no hay problema con que me quede?, porque puedo irme a mi casa todo está bien luego podemos volver a vernos. La pelirroja solo negó con la cabeza, saco un saco de dormir de su armario lo tendió en el piso. -No te preocupes no pasa nada solo no quiero que se metan en lo que no les importa, puedes dormir en mi cama es cómoda jajaja según yo ¿verdad?-busca nuevamente algo en uno de sus cajones sacando mucha ropa que deja caer al piso al fin no tendría nada mejor que hacer y luego podría ocupar ese tiempo para recoger y no pensar en la pelinegra-toma espero te quede y para q no extrañes tu tortuga te presto mi tigre solo cuídalo y no lo babes. -Cállate yo no babeo. -Jajajajaja créeme tengo suficientes pruebas para refutar eso. Sin una palabra más tomo su pijama y salió del cuarto para dejar cambiar a su amiga y cambiarse ella no quería incomodarla y por cualquier situación enfrentar a su madre fuera de su guarida. Por suerte ese encuentro no llego regreso a su cuarto y se encontró con que una curiosa Pia observaba lo que se encontraba a su alcance tenía en las mano un cuaderno en el cual se dedicaba a escribir sus más profundos deseos que después se convertirían en melodías que acompañarían las letras de su corazón de su dolor y su felicidad, se preguntaba si lo habría leído o siquiera llegado a hojear, ¿habría encontrado lo que sentía por ella? -No te dijeron nada? -Hagamos de cuenta que yo en esta casa ya existo pero no soy indispensable. Pia no sabia que contestar era un poco frio escuchar aquello, pero no era muy diferente en su casa, podía entender de alguna forma a su amiga estaban casi en la misma situación y posiblemente solo se tenían a la otra para no sentirse solas, abandonadas y creer que aun existían. -Gracias –le dice de la nada la pelinegra destendiendo la cama dejando a un lado en el tocador la libreta de su amiga que esperaría poder leerla después, preparándose para acostarse- segura que no prefieres dormir en tu cama ? -Si de verdad está bien no te preocupes por mí. Ambas se acuestan sin decir una palabra más, Valentina no quería que la viera que notara cuanto le estaba doliendo todo esto y Pia solo podía observar el techo esperando que este le diera una respuesta a todo lo que estaba pasando a que la ayudara a no volver a sentirse ilusionada que no quería seguir tropezando con la misma piedra de tez nívea y cabello color fuego. El tiempo transcurría con lentitud, pesando a las dos habitantes de ese cuarto que permanecieron calladas hasta que la morena se dejo vencer por el sueño. Esto no paso desapercibido para Valentina, quien deseaba meterse a su cama como en los viejos tiempos acobijarla y verla dormir tan profundamente, algunas veces pensaba que era cuando podía ver de verdad a esa Pia inocente con un semblante de paz, de sincera paz, que era el único momento en el que todos sus problemas desaparecían, sin pesadillas y miedos… -Valientina ¿… jajaja que buena broma, como es que pueda creer eso de mi si soy la persona más cobarde del mundo, solo cuando estas dormida soy capaz de decirte cuanto te necesito-se acerca un poco a la cama dudando entre sí seguir o parar ahí, no estaba segura si e n realidad estaba dormida o no- cuanto significas para mí. Te quiero dentro de mi vida no solo como una amiga-acaricia con temor una de sus mejillas, apenas un roce que podría confundirse con el toque del viento- no puedo vivir con esa decisión tan tonta de hacerte creer que jamás significaste nada para mí, si tan solo pudiera regresar el tiempo a ese momento…-un par de muecas por parte de la pelinegra hacen que retroceda un poco, seguido de un par de reclamos y uno q otra quejido, preocupada pregunta-¿Pia?, ¿Pia te pasa algo? Al no recibir respuesta se preocupa un poco más sintiéndose impotente de no saber cómo ayudarla. -¡Déjenme en paz!-grita la pelinegra, esto solo podía significar una cosa, las pesadillas y los recuerdos de ese tiempo tan obscuro de su vida habían vuelto. Tal vez no podía abrazarla y calmarla como antes pero siempre estaría dispuesta a velar su sueño y hacer hasta lo imposible porque este fuera lo más tranquilo posible. Así que sin pensarlo dos veces tomo su guitarra empezó a tocar aquella canción que tanto le gustaba a la cual tuvo q hacerle ligeros cambios para q fuera acústica. Close your eyes little girl You're a princess now You own this world Twirling in your twirly dress You're the loveliest far above the rest No podía negar cuan enamorada se encontraba de esta pequeña mujer que hoy descansaba en su lecho y jamás haría nada para volverla a dañar ya suficiente habían sufrido sus corazones, al punto que su amor se volvió una lenta agonía. Ahora haría hasta lo imposible por verla bien, saber que se encontraba feliz y sus noches fueran tranquilas. Oh set apart this dream Oh set apart this dream for me Set apart this dream for me Al poco tiempo de empezar a cantar la pelinegra se relajo pareciendo que las pesadillas se alejaban de ella que esa armoniosa y tersa voz ahuyentaban todos esos temores que no la dejaban descansar. Oh lovely and beautiful Precious and priceless You're so much more than you know Heart of the purest gold Pure clean and white snow Clothed in such splendor Oh what a beauty for me Set apart this dream Set apart this dream for me Al término de la canción Valentina se encontraba sentada a un lado de la cama con la espalda recargada, con los ojos cerrados esperando que esto hubiera ayudado a su pequeño ángel. Sin embargo no dejo de tocar por un rato mas, sigo con una melodía pausada y tierna demostrando todo lo que su corazón sentía en esos momentos. -Duerme en este paraíso que es solo tuyo esta noche, que yo hoy te protegeré-dice con ternura depositando un tierno beso en la comisura de sus labios. Continuara… Hola a tods los que sigan leyendo esta historia medio chafa esta vez el capitulo o eso digo porque está escrito en diferentes momentos de mi vida por los cuales pase desde la felicidad hasta la más profunda tristeza y arrepentimiento porque descubrí que cuando me peleaba con mi novia me salía inspiración para esta historia. No me queda más que agradecer su paciencia y si quieren dejar alguna sugerencia de lo que podría pasar en capítulos siguientes u opiniones de si les gusta el rumbo que está tomando o tienen algo que les podría parecer bueno son bien recibidos sus comentarios. Acepto cualquier tipo de comentario bueno o jitomatasos lo que sea que me quieran mandar que pueda ayudarme a mejorar, me despido y nuevamente gracias por leerme.[Chapter 4] Otra vez se me olvido escribir que canción era y el grupo discúlpenme ando pensando en tantas cosas cuando escribo que se me pasan algunas ideas o comentarios que quiero hacer. La canción es Set Apart This Dream del grupo flylea, en lo personal uno de mis grupos favoritos y en especial esta canción me recuerda mucho a ellas espero puedan escucharla después. Un día para el amor. Los primeros rayos de luz se asomaban por el lugar despertando a la pelinegra la cual aun un poco desorientada por no reconocer el lugar donde se encontraba no se percato de que esta había sido una de sus primeras noches sin pesadillas después de varios días de inmediato. Al incorporarse cayo en la cuenta de que era mañana y su sueño había sido de corrido no había despertado a media noche jadeante asustada y con lagrimas por sus sueños, preguntándose porque había sido esto, se encontró con un ligero calor en su mano, al girar a ver de que se trataba se sorprendió al ver que una melena pelirroja se encontraba expandida por un lado de la cama, su pequeña Valentina se encontraba sentada recargada en su buro y su cabeza en la orilla de la cama y que a pesar de estar profundamente dormida no soltaba ni a su guitarra ni a ella. ¿Habría sido por ella que logro dormir, que la arrullara toda la noche? -Una simple caricia de mi Valen puede lograr tanto en mí-se acerca a su frente para depositarle un tierno beso. El contacto a pesar de que parece efímero logra que la pelirroja se estremezca, como si su cuerpo reaccionara al contacto de los labios de Pia sintiendo ese especial calor que solo conseguía su pequeño ángel con cualquier caricia, a pesar de lo profundamente dormida que se encontrara. -¿Dime porque Valentina me hiciste creer que era algo especial para ti y termine sin tu corazón?, que no sabes cuanto te necesito en mi vida lo sola que me siento sin tu compañía de lo perdida que me encuentro sin alguien que me guie como tu lo has hecho. Gracias a ti pude ir dejando poco a poco mi pasado atrás me diste las fuerzas necesarias para salir adelante y ahora me siento mas vulnerable que antes, ¿Por qué no puedes permitirte ser libre?-le acaricia con ternura la mejilla logrando despertar a la pelirroja, que para no verse en esta vergonzosa situación y explicarle porque la acariciaba decidió hacerse la dormida y tomarla levemente de la mano. Le dolía un poco la espalda y el cuello lo sentía como si un camión hubiera pasado encima de él, la luz le lastimaba los ojos, los sentía pesados y le ardían por el poco tiempo que durmió anoche pero como había valido la pena con tal de ver a su pequeña pelinegra mas tranquila al dormir, por un momento se vio tentada a despertarla pero le daba miedo enfrentar a esa triste mirada. Lo ultimo que recordaba era que había dejado de cantar y haber tomado la mano de su bella durmiente para después recargarse en el buro, por mas que deseara dormir al lado de Pia no se atrevía a colarse en su lecho para abrazarla que patética era la amaba eso era lo único que debería importar en esos momentos. Fijo su vista en su mano izquierda la cual seguía levemente sujeta a la de su ángel, sin duda no esperaba encontrarse con tal detalle, pequeño pero tan grande a la vez no tenia idea de como explicarlo pero lo que ese roce de manos la hacia sentir era tan mágico… No podía llamarse de otra manera mas que cobarde que con la ayuda de Morfeo podía aprovechar el momento que tenía para contemplar la belleza que irradiaba su \"amiga\", esos tan delicados labios que apenas dejaban pasar el aire. Ya no podía recordar su sabor, el contacto de esa piel sobre la suya el contacto de sus manos sobre su mejilla al besarla extrañaba de una manera dolorosa revivir esos momentos y hacerlos durar por la eternidad, usarlo de inspiración para otra canción que le ayudara a jamás olvidar lo que muy en su interior se removía con solo la mirada de esa pelinegra sobre ella, como podía hacerla perder con facilidad la poca cordura y tranquilidad que tenia. -Te robaste todo lo que pensé que era-le dice al aire sin imaginar que cada una de sus palabras se alojaban en el fondo de ese maltrecho corazón-y sin embargo no te di ni una parte del inmenso cariño que lograste fomentar en mi. Deja su guitarra a un lado para poder sentarse en la orilla de la cama, con delicadeza suelta esa pequeña mano a la que le gustaría aferrase por el resto de su vida, se sienta con delicadeza en la cama para empezar a acariciar el rostro de Pia. -Sabes hoy y desde el día en que nos despedimos me arrepentí de cada una de las palabras que te dije, muy en el fondo no acepte lo que sentía por ti. Cada palabra que escuchaba la hacían que su corazón volviera a palpitar con una fuerza y una vida que ya no recordaba que le fueron robadas y ahora le estaban regresando poco a poco. -Y ahora que ya se con certeza quien soy y que quiero en mi vida o mejor dicho quien me gustaría que fuera parte de mi vida sigo sin atreverme a decirle cuanto la quiero-acariciaba con insistencia ese rostro tan lindo que dormía tan profundamente (o eso creía ella), bajando hasta posarse en sus labios los cuales repasaba una y otra vez con sus dedos quería memorizarlos que al cerrar los ojos se delinearan inmediatamente en su mente que recordara su textura hasta el mas minúsculo detalle que la dejaran fantasear un momento tan mágico e increíble con un aura de pasión volvieran a juntar sus labios en un beso de necesidad reprimida-desearía que no estuvieras dormida y escucharas cada una de mis palabras, que recuerdes el momento preciso en el que te digo que te quiero que te necesito que cada segundo sin ti a mi lado es la muerte que puedo parecer fuerte, callada y valiente pero frente a ti esa Valentina desaparece deja ver a una nueva persona que se siente dispuesta a enfrentarse a todo el mundo con tal de estar a tu lado, porque quiero que tu y yo seamos solo una persona con el mismo palpitar de nuestros corazones, sin embargo no tuve la fuerza de luchar contra la persona mas importante que nos impide estar juntas: yo. ¿Era cierto lo que le decían o era imaginación suya?, ¿cada silaba pronunciada era sincera?, su corazón la hacia creer que eran verdad que por mucho que su inconsciente lo deseara un sueño así de vivido no podía ser cierto. Las caricias sobre sus labios y su rostro la tentaban a levantarse para besar a su Valientina y decirle que también ella la quería que extrañaba su compañía que serian tan felices de saber que con si podrían contar con la otra. Con el paso de los segundos su corazón se adentraba a una carrera cada vez mas rápida temía que su pelirroja pudiera escuchar sus latidos que cada nuevo movimiento de su corazón aumentaban de intensidad en la habitación, en sus oídos los podía oír como un tambor que anuncia alguna buena o mala noticia, ¿pero cual de las dos podría ser lo que iba a suceder? No podía evitar ver esos rosas labios por los cuales se filtraba el frio aire de esa mañana, de lo tentadores que podían ser un beso no solo era unir una boca con otra también era una forma de demostrar su amor y ¿cuantas veces eso labios le demostraron aquel cariño que creció tan rápido entre ellas?, aun seria de esa manera. Sentía crecer en su interior un impulso que difícilmente podía ser controlado, sin darse cuenta se encontraba apenas a unos centímetros del rostro de Pia la cual aun seguía sin tener idea de que sucedía a su alrededor, podría ser la ultima vez que tendría tal oportunidad, sin dudarlo un segundo mas poso su labios sobre los de su bella durmiente, fue apenas una caricia que se negaba a morir tan rápidamente… Pia no podía creer lo que estaba pasando, ¿era cierto que Valentina la estaba besando, de verdad no podía seguir viviendo sin ella?, todas aquellas palabras que le decía la hacia pensar porque no podían ser novias, o mas bien porque nunca lo fueron si sus sentimientos eran mas que obvios, por esta razón tenia que ser un sueño de ninguna manera podía ser real, se vio tentada a abrir los ojos y confirma que su mente no era la que le jugaba una mala broma como muchas otras veces. Sin embargo el beso empezó a tomar mayor intensidad, el movimiento sobre sus labios era más rápido e insistente podía sentir las ansias que consumían a su Valentina, con temor lo que hacia que sus movimientos se volvieran algo torpes con cada segundo que transcurría, sin duda alguna era un beso lleno de temor y amor. Valentina seguía sin creer del todo que era lo que estaba haciendo, esta acción ¿que podría traer de nuevo en su vida?, ¿mas preguntas que respuestas, mas dolor o el alivio de todo lo que provoco?, se volvía tan incierto su futuro con forme seguía besándola porque este podría significar su ultimo beso, uno que marcara una despedida en definitiva. No sabia que hacer, debía dejarla y hacerla creer que de verdad estaba dormida o demostrarle que ese amor le era aun correspondido que jamás se perdió solo faltaba una pista de que podían ser felices… Su mente se desconecto también se dejo llevar por el beso disfrutándolo como ninguno de los pasados besos hizo, no había miedos ni fantasmas que pudieran entrometerse en este momento de felicidad sin darse cuenta empezó a corresponder el beso tomando por sorpresa a la pelirroja la cual asustada por el acto se separo de inmediato. Pia hizo ademan de despertar a lo que Valentina se dio cuenta y se alejó sentándose a los pies de la cama para no levantar sospechas en su compañera de cuarto. -Buenos días Valen-dice sentándose en la cama. -Ho…hola P...Pia-contesta nerviosa-¿que tal la noche? -Bastante bien gracias. -¿Tienes hambre? -Poca si. Sin decir nada mas Valentina se levanto de la cama y salió del cuarto casi corriendo debido a que su corazón seguía latiendo a mil por hora seguía nerviosa y tenia miedo a que pudiera decirle algo la pelinegra que la dejara al borde del abismo sobre lo que había pasado hace unos momentos, jamás se imagino que una persona y un simple acto que le parecía tan repulsivo hoy le hiciera parecer gelatina. Y la pelinegra aun sin saber que hacer con todo lo que había sucedido si creer en cada una de las palabras dichas del contacto de su forma tan tierna de ser con ella de ese amor apenas descubierto por parte de su amiga o cerrarse a la idea de sentir algo mas, negarse por completo al amor y no hacerse ilusiones como otras tantas veces y la vida se había encargado de negarle un cuento de hadas con finales felices. \"¿Qué es lo correcto?\"-piensa durante unos minutos tratando de darse una respuesta que quizá no exista, los minutos transcurren rápidamente sorprendiéndola al momento en que Valentina regresa con un vaso de leche con chocolate y unos panes tostados. -Lu sinnto-dice la pelirroja, su compañera no puede evitar una risa al verla tratar de comer un pan tostado que esta apunto de caérsele de la boca, deja el vaso y el plato con el pan para-aq…aqtii te lus diejo. -¿No desayunaras conmigo? -Yo ya tome un poco de leche me voy a bañar para que te metas tú, o ¿te vas a quedar apestosa? -Cálmate Valentina que yo siempre me bañaba, a la que había que meterla a la fuerza era ti. Sin decir nada más sale del cuarto para dirigirse al baño, necesitaba un respiro alejarse de aquel ángel que la hacia hacer las cosas mas extraordinarias que jamás pensó hacer, solo que seguía siendo la misma miedosa todo lo que le dijo era cierto lo mas puro y sincero que su corazón le dictaba y seguía siendo incapaz de decirlo cuando podía darle alguna respuesta todo debido al terror que invadía cada fibra de su cuerpo al ahora ser ella la rechazada. Abrió la llave de la regadera, y el sonido del agua al chocar contra el piso lleno toda la habitación haciendo que sus pensamientos por primera vez en días dejaran de escucharse, se metió a sentir el correr del agua en su cuerpo relajándola por completo a pesar de que aun no se encontraba caliente la ayudo a olvidarse del mundo que la rodeaba de ser solo ella liberarse de los problemas que no la dejaban en paz. Era Valentina y nadie podía cambiarlo seria feliz sin importar lo que le dijeran y haría lo mejor que pudiera para lograrlo no se rendiría, conseguiría nuevamente el amor que alejo. Con este nuevo pensamiento empezó a cantar aquella canción que desde que salió de casa de Maca le había devuelto una pequeña sonrisa imaginando que la habían escrito para ellas dos, en si para que por fin tomara el valor de darse un día para el amor. It's been so long Since we had time Let's take a day and make everything right... Era lo que le hacia falta darse un día que le permitiera revivir cada una de las emociones que aquella pelinegra le causaba desde el primer momento que la conoció, tuvo todo el tiempo que esas cuatro paredes le daban para estar con ella, decirle lo mucho que le gustaba y lo desaprovecho sin embargo este día haría todo bien. Seria su princesa de cuentos y le demostraría que esto no era un juego para nada que le era importante. Just take my hand Fall in love with me again Let's run away to the place When love first found us Let's run away for the day Don't need anyone around us oh oh oh Tenían que alejarse de su casa de ese ambiente que tanto las limitaba, necesitaba volverse a ganar su confianza y entre esas cuatro paredes no iba a suceder, no podía suponer que un milagro le devolviera a su Pia, debía hacer ella ese milagro. Sabía bien que tenia que hacer: ESCAPAR del mundo que las había separado, demostrarle que a pesar de todo seguía estando para ella mucho más de lo que esperaba. Sin embargo no podían salir de la ciudad no tenían donde quedarse, ni sabia si la pelinegra aceptaría compartir su día con ella. Un poco preocupada Pia salió en busca de su amiga pelirroja, unos ruidos del fondo del pasillo le llamaron la atención al acercarse cual fue su sorpresa de ver que Valentina estaba cantando… quedándose unos instantes para escuchar esa fina, delicada y hermosa voz, la cual la hacia revivir tantas sensaciones que pensó había perdido por completo. When everything in love gets so complicated It only takes a day to change it Well I have to say Can't wait All I need is a day So let's run away for the day And I'll give everything in this moment And I promise to make everyday just like today... Aquellas palabras cantadas por su Valen la habían descolocado por completo, ¿de verdad quería un día para volverla a enamorar?, seguramente todo era una coincidencia, después de todo la pelirroja siempre se la pasaba cantando en casa de Maca… sin embargo algo tenia de especial esta vez. \"O tal vez es lo que quieres creer Pia\"-se regaña olvidando sus dudas regresa al cuarto, ya tendría tiempo de averiguar que significaba. -¿No crees que tardaste mucho?, ¿que no te habías bañado desde que salimos de casa de Maca? -¿La verdad?- sonríen ambas con el comentario- ya te deje una toalla en el baño si quieres algo de ropa solo avísame. -Si gracias- dice con desilusión esperaba que le dijera algo más. -Pero te apuras e Pia que nos vamos a ir a pasear. -¿Y vas a manejar tu moto? -Si. -Solo no me mates quieres. - Ja ja ja que graciosa ni que fuera como Adela o tan torpe como Marisa. -Mas vale prevenir que lamentar ¿no lo crees?- espera por una respuesta que jamás llega y decide irse a bañar apurarse a ver que podría esperarle este día, sin duda alguna la ayudaría a olvidarse de la soledad que la acompaño desde que recupero su libertad. Tardo diez minutos en salir de baño vestida con ropa que le dio su amiga, se veía muy rara no solía estar así vestida un pantalón entubado y una playera que delineaba con delicadeza cada curva que siempre se esmeraba en ocultar de su cuerpo. -Vámonos Pia-la toma de la mano para arrastrarla hasta la puerta. -Espera Valen… -Se nos ara mas tarde-la suelta y saca su moto de la cochera-toma póntelo. Ambas suben a la motocicleta Pia con un poco de miedo se aferra a la cintura de su amiga provocando un ligero estremecimiento en la pelirroja, pone en marcha el motor y avanza haciendo que el agarre sea más fuerte. -Te prometo q no te mato Pia tranquilízate-le dice despreocupadamente, no es que quisiera que la dejara de abrazar simplemente quería que disfrutara del viaje. -Si-contesta nerviosa la pelinegra, la cual después de unos minutos en la motocicleta relaja su agarre y decide apoyar su cabeza en el hombro de su amiga dejándose llevar por la sensación tan placentera que este viaje le producía. -Llegamos Pia-ambas bajan de la motocicleta se quitan el casco, y empiezan a caminar Valentina iba con una amplia sonrisa y su compañera estaba desconcertada de que hacían en ese lugar. -¿A donde vamos? -Am... ¿Recuerdas como patinar? -¿Queeeee? Sin decir una palabra mas Valentina la toma de la mano y la arrastra hasta la taquilla paga sus entradas y la lleva a pedir sus patines. -Listo ya no puedes huir, dame tus zapatos. -Pe… pero Valen no se… -No te preocupes yo te voy a ayudar. La pelirroja sin esperar a su acompañante sale al hielo y patina un poco antes de voltear para animar a su amiga a hacer lo mismo. -Ven Pia te prometo que no te vas a caer-la otra aun dudosa pone un pie en el hielo haciendo que se resbalara agarrándose del barandal para colocar el otro-suéltate vamos avanza. -No me voy a caer. Así pasaron algunos minutos discutiendo antes de que Pia intentara avanzar un poco, después de las lecciones que su amiga le había dado. A simple vista se veía muy sencillo, deslizar un pie frente al otro, sin embargo al intentarlo ella la sensación de irse de boca contra el hielo no le permitía dar más de dos pasos. -Umm a ver dame la mano y te ayudo-da unos pasos para regresar con su amiga y estando a poco de llegar a su altura esta tropieza cayendo de sentón contra el hielo. -Jajajajaja no gracias sola estoy mejor. -… en vez de reírte deberías ayudarme-Pia resignada se acerca con ayuda del barandal, le da la mano para ayudarla pero Valentina la jala para hacerla caer también-estamos a mano. Valentina sin decir nada mas se levanta rápidamente y empieza a avanzar alejándose de su amiga la cual con trabajos logra ponerse de pie acercándose a la orilla y así tratar de alcanzar a la pelirroja, estando a unos centímetros de ella se avienta para atraparla y empezarle a hacer cosquillas. -Jajaja no suéltame-se intenta zafar del agarre sin mucho éxito-jajaja déjame en paz. Ambas empiezan a forcejear logrando que vuelvan al hielo muertas de risa a pesar de lo frio debajo de ellas, permanecen unos segundos así viéndose a lo ojos por los cuales pasan miles de sentimientos que no saben como expresar. -Señoritas no pueden estar jugando pesado aquí. -Si lo sentimos-la pelinegra es la primera en hablar. Se ponen de pie sin decir nada más y se toman de la mano para andar en la pista sin más problemas, permanecen de esa manera durante un largo tiempo hasta que empieza a sonar una canción que llama la atención de las dos apenas escuchan las primeras palabras. In the blink of an eye I was falling from the sky In the blur, you took my breath away And my heart starts beating And my lungs start breathing And the voice in my head starts screaming I'm alive Por primera vez en días podían decir que de verdad estaban vivas que podían disfrutar de un momento en el que no tuvieran que lamentar nada de lo que habían hecho o dicho. Eran solo ellas dos las que importaban y pertenecían a ese momento, a la sensación que les generaba ese pequeño roce de manos, la textura de la piel, su calor, lo que representaba para cada una, cada una de las sonrisas que se regalaban eran la cereza del pastel. Los pequeños detalles en esos momentos eran los más grandes lo que uno siempre recuerda y hace vibrar su corazón. You're like a laser light Burning down, burning down on me Burning down, burning down on me You make me feel good, you make me feel safe You make me feel like I can live another day You make me feel good, you make me feel safe You know I wouldn't have it any other way No podía expresarlo mejor, su Valentina era todo para ella la persona que desde que cruzaron palabra la hizo sentir segura que podía acurrucarse en sus brazos a llorar desahogar su mas profundo dolor y sentirse comprendida aceptada. Fue la única persona en la que después de tantos años pudo confiar la que le devolvió la esperanza las ganas de volver a vivir y sentir cada uno de los sentimientos que despertaba en lo mas profundo de su corazón, no podía evitarlo seguía enamorada de su trovadora. You and me, face to face And there's so much I could say And these words, have forever seen the silence Can you hear that box b-b-breaking And the world starts sha-sha-shaking They keep talking, talking, talking But we're walking, walking To the light tonight, tonight De un momento a otro la pelirroja se detiene, su compañera desconsertada por lo que sucede sin querer que estos momentos terminen es sorprendida por dos brazos que la rodean por la cintura siendo atraia a ese cuerpo menudo y bien formado. No sabia del todo que era lo que estaba haciendo sin embargo sus instintos le decían que continuara no debía detenerse. -Lo siento por todo lo que dije antes-susurra Valentina en el odio de la pelinegra, separándose un poco para darle un tierno beso en la mejilla antes de salir de la pista de patinaje. Tal vez tendría otro momento para decir todas las demás palabras que se atoraban en su garganta, las que podrían significar una nueva Valentina. Continuara… Hola espero que sigan leyendo esto a pesar de tiempo que tarde en continuar lo siento mucho pero cada día sé que odio más la uni pero aun sigo viva, espero poder subir la continuación pronto, acepto cualquier comentario bueno o malo, digo todo lo que me ayude a mejorar como escritora y cuanto mas vea mas me apurare a continuar con la historia. Sin más que decir GRACIAS por los que llegaron hasta aquí, las canciones que aparecen son Runaway de Bruno Mars y Laserlight de Jessie J, si tienen alguna sugerencia con la historia o alguna canción que crean podría ayudar a la historia son bien recibidas.[Chapter 5] Hola espero sigan leyendo esta pequeña historia y les siga gustando como los primeros capítulos a pesar de que el pasado estuvo un poco enredado en ideas. Quiero respirar. Aun desconcertada por lo sucedido en la pista de patinaje, se puso el casco y se monto junto con Valentina en la moto. La rodeo por la cintura acercándose a su cuerpo, sabia de ante mano que no hacía falta aferrarse pues no la tiraría de la moto pero esa cercanía que podía permitirse en ese momento la reconfortaba, recargando la cabeza sobre su hombro inhalando su aroma, como había extrañado esas noches en las cuales dormían juntas. Durante todo el camino se pregunto a que se refería al decirle que la perdonara por todo lo que le había dicho. ¿Qué debía suponer? Eran las palabras de amor que le dijo sin dudarlo en la mañana… seguramente debía de ser eso o… ¿podía ser que se refiriera a cuando le dijo que solo podían ser amigas? Su mente era un torbellino de preguntas sin respuesta la actitud de su amiga pelirroja no le ayudaba en nada a solucionar este dilema y no se atrevía a preguntarle sin mas que era lo que realmente le quiso decir en ese momento. -Pia –le dice la pelirroja pasándole la mano enfrente- tierra llamando a Pia. -Eeeh si que pasa-dice confundida, hasta ese momento se da cuenta que se detuvieron y esa no era la casa de su amiga- ¿en dónde estamos? -Vine por algo de comer-sonríe Valentina divertida al ver la cara de desconcierto de la pelinegra-no creo que quieras volver a probar mis deliciosas pizzas o que queme la casa otra vez, no tardo. Entra al pequeño local, se nota que la conocen ahí pues varios de los empleados la saludan alegremente hablan un poco y uno desaparece por una puerta seguramente la cocina para darle su pedido. Pia solo observa desde afuera la escena observando lo que pasa imaginándose el posible dialogo y como una de las meseras se acerca más a su Valen, quien se cree que es para hacer eso y peor aun porque la pelirroja la dejaba no le ponía un freno que no le importaba que la estuviera viendo. Al salir del lugar noto que su amiga estaba más callada de lo normal y con un semblante diferente paso de estar con semblante de confusión paso a uno de enojo bastante palpable, podía Valentina imaginarse porque sonriéndole con cautela subió a la motocicleta solo que en esta ocasión no sintió ese abrazo que la aprisionaba, suspirando resignada puso en marcha el motor para seguir con su camino para llegar a casa. Ambas estaban muy calladas al llegar a la casa, la pelirroja dejo una bolsa con la comida sobre la mesa en lo que iba por un par de platos. Sirviendo un poco de espagueti con salsa de tomate y un poco de carne y queso. -Cocinan muy rico, te va a gustar. Sin un comentario más, empezaron a comer Valen tenía razón la comida estaba deliciosa no podía quejarse no había podido resistirse a comer otro plato de pasta antes de comerse su pedazo de lasaña, las porciones eran grandes para que una sola persona se lo terminara. -Jajajaja ahora si tenias hambre-dice Valen al ver el plato vacio- no comías así en casa de Maca. -Bueno…-se sonroja bostezando. -Ve a dormir yo recojo aquí. Subió al cuarto de su amiga, los parpados le pesaban no se había dado cuenta de cuan cansada se sentía al llegar se aventó a la cama y pronto se quedo dormida. Al poco rato subió la pelirroja encontrándose con su amiga dormida profundamente y no quería molestarla por lo que decidió buscar su pequeña libreta donde se encontraba su alma plasmada en palabras y melodías tal vez nunca fue muy extrovertida en el colegio pero su música era la mejor manera de comunicarse que conocía, podía expresar lo que fuera sin miedo de decir algo mal, tristemente solo una persona se había detenido a escucharla y ahora no estaba. Y ahí estaba la última canción antes de entrar a casa de Maca nunca la había tocado, aun le faltaban partes y la melodía no le era muy clara en su cabeza, no sabía aun como musicalizar esos sentimientos y que significaban en realidad. Toma su guitarra y la libreta, sale al pasillo aun no regresaban ni su madre ni su hermana aun podía ser libre por un momento respirar con calma sentándose en las escalera acomodándose la guitarra entre las piernas, buscando esa canción, puso sus dedos sobre el traste y cerrando los ojos dejándose llevar por el momento tocando un par de notas y revisar que estuviera afinada. Empieza con un arpegio antes de rasgar las cuerdas con un tono que muestra su frustración, empezando a cantar. Sola en la profundidad, Con algo alrededor, Con mucha oscuridad Es que se valora el aire Tarde… Dice lo último en un susurro, siente como se le forma un nudo en la garganta que no la deja seguir cantando, inhala con fuerza no iba a permitir que la presión que ejercieron sobre ella volviera a hacerla prisionera de esta casa, de sí misma y le quitaran su voz. La melodía empezaba a hacer eco en los oídos de Pia la cual seguía dormida, pero ese sonido era tan melancólico le oprimía el corazón despertándola de a poco. Por tanta ambición De este mundo De los que juega con tu hambre Y nos condena el alma Sin calma…. Era Valentina su Valentina, estaba cantando pero donde estaba se levanto inmediatamente saliendo del cuarto a trompicones hasta ver parte de su guitarra, estaba sentada en las escaleras. Vas por el mundo Entre prisas y cenizas Luchando contra el tiempo Te lleva a la asfixia Dame libertad No quiero maldad Quiero respirar Dame lealtad Un poco de verdad Quiero respirar Escuchaba su desesperación en esas letras, no sabía que podía sentirse así siempre le parecía una persona fuerte que no le afectaba tanto el rechazo de su familia siempre le dio poca importancia pero en el fondo no era así se sentía asfixiada y esta es su única válvula de escape. Sigue tu recuerdo Dentro de mí Y poco, poco de tu amor. Se detuvo de inmediato al oír un ruido, al parecer alguien la había escuchado. La pelinegra se sentía torpe había hecho enmudecer esa hermosa voz que le mostraba un poco del dolor que en el fondo sentía, trato de disculparse por invadir su burbuja pero ni un sonido salió de su boca que tonta se sentía y cuando por fin pudo reaccionar la estaba abrazando. Valentina estaba igual de sorprendida que su amiga, se encontraba desconcertada aun aferrada al mango de su guitarra no quería soltarla era lo único que aun la mantenía en pie. -Es hermosa. Al escuchar esas dos palabras la hizo regresar a ese momento y corresponder el abrazo con fuerza escondiendo su rostro en el espacio que el cuello y el hombro formaban, inhalando el perfume característico de Pia. -Gracias-le susurra al oído apretándola más a ella no quería soltarla, permanecer más tiempo así con una extraña sensación de comodidad que no sabía cómo expresar. Cuando empezó a escribir esa canción no dejo ni que Ana la viera se sentía demasiado vulnerable y ahora que Pia la había escuchado era todo muy diferente. La suelta Pia un poco sonrojada por ese susurro y para ocultarlo se agacho por la libreta cerrándola. -Sé que es tu tesoro junto con tu guitarra-le explica evitando verla a los ojos-pero ¿podrías cantarme algunas de tus canciones? Esperaba que le preguntara acerca de la canción pero nunca que le pidiera que le cantara. La tomo de la mano y la llevo de regreso a su cuarto, cerró la puerta y empezó a buscar entre tantas letras que guardaba celosamente ese cuaderno. Empezó a tocar su música, se olvidó por completo donde estaba con quien estaba y se concentró en lo que hacía. Jamás se percató de cuánto tiempo paso desde que se encerraron en el cuarto generando un ambiente diferente al que experimentaron el día anterior, tal vez este sería su momento de hablar con ella seguir la magia del entorno de esa intimidad que le compartía y decirle que si la quería como nunca pensó que podría pasar, que le encantaba estar con ella todo este tiempo que volvieron a compartir juntas pero sobretodo que le gustaba, sí que le gustaba como mujer y que quería intentar lo que dejaron pendiente. Se detuvo y dejo la guitarra en su funda estaba decidida en lo que haría. Levantándose se sentó al lado de su amiga viéndola a los ojos ya no sentía miedo de lo que su corazón le gritaba, se acercaba lentamente a la pelinegra como un imán eran tan distintas que por más que quisiera alejarse de ella una fuerza la obligaba a lo contrario. -Valentina…-Pia sabia cuáles eran sus intenciones y no pensaba negarse. -Yo… -Valentina abre esa puerta-aporreaba la puerta su madre-¿sigue ahí tu… esa ahí metida verdad? La pelirroja salto de la cama, llego en dos pasos a la puerta y salió sin decir nada más dejando a una Pia muy confundida con lo que estaba pasando. Lo último que quería era causarle problemas a su amiga ahora que las cosas en su casa se encontraban tranquilas que debía hacer, no quería irse ahora y dejar sola a Valentina pero por otra parte deseaba salir corriendo de ahí para no causar más problemas. Los gritos de la mama de su amiga no paraban y en ningún momento escucho la voz de su amiga para recibir un indicio de que todo estaba bien, sin saber que hacer, le dolía escuchar lo que le decían a la pelirroja preguntándose cómo había soportado todo esto tantos años. Levantándose de la cama vio la respuesta a su pregunta, su pequeño reproductor de música. Se colocó los audífonos y prendió el aparato de inmediato empezó a tocar una música inquietante y una hermosa voz se unió. Wish that I had other choices than to harm the one I love What have you done now! No podía creer lo que había pasado, que en el momento que espero todo el día llegara su madre a gritarle y cuestionarle sobre su amiguita. -Vasta puedes callarte, me tienes harta fastidiada de esto de tener que esconderme en mi recamara porque en esta casa no puedo ser libre… ser yo sin tener miedo del que dirán porque tu prefieres complacer a los demás que la felicidad de tu hija. El ardor empezó después de una punzada que apenas duro unos segundos, estaba sorprendida con lo que pasaba era la primera vez que le pegaban y no tenía idea de cómo reaccionar. Se quedó callada sin escuchar todas las cosas que le gritaba esa mujer que se hacía llamar su madre. Desgraciadamente los prejuicios de una sociedad acostumbrada a ser hipócrita en la que importaba más el que dirán en estos momentos la estaban destrozando en pedazos, empezando a creer que de verdad no valía la pena decirle a Pia lo mucho que le importaba y que realmente quería lo mismo que ella porque no podría defenderla. No sabía si podría con todo eso. Si una sola cachetada sirvió para menguar su elección, defender lo que creía correcto para ella. ¿Aguantaría los golpes (no necesariamente físicos) de otros, tal vez de todos los que creyeran que querer a una mujer es una aberración imperdonable? No podía serlo o ¿sí?, son personas como todos los demás con sentimientos y como las películas tontas (románticas) decían: el Corazón no elige a quien amar. I know I'd better stop trying You know that there's no denying I won't show mercy on you now I know, should stop believing I know, there's no retrieving It's over now, what have you done? What have you done now! Era esta una señal del universo que le decía que ambas no estaban destinadas a quedarse juntas. Que podrían quererse e intentarlo una y otra vez con el mismo resultado: nada. Tenía que dejar de hacerse ilusiones de cosas que nunca pasarían, la querría siempre, fue la persona que la hizo volver a creer en los demás que no todos tienen malas intenciones, que no tenía nada que temer y por siempre le estaría agradecida no tendría como pagarle todo lo que hizo Valentina por ella sin que se diera cuenta. Nunca dejaría de ser su hermosa bohemia de melena rojiza, pero debía irse por el bien de ambas o eso quería decirse, mentirse un poco para que el dolor fuera menor si es que eso podía ser posible. Le importaba tanto el bienestar de la pelirroja que sacrificaría su felicidad por ella, con ese casi beso podía sentirse complacida. Se iba… si pero con la certeza de que no le era indiferente a Valentina y si la quiere más que una amiga. I , I've been waiting for someone like you But now you are slipping away ...oh Why, why does fate make us suffer? There's a curse between us, between me and you Escucho la puerta cerrarse y eso solo podía significarse una cosa: Pia se había ido. Agacho la cabeza no quería que su madre la viera pelear contra las lágrimas que empujaban por salir desesperadas marcando un camino sobre su rostro del dolor que sentía. No podía culparla por querer salir de ahí corriendo sin decir adiós, muchas veces ella lo quiso hacer y hoy era uno de esos días. ¿Pero a dónde? No tenía un lugar a donde irse a refugiar a liberarse de esa prisión, solo tal vez en otro momento se volverían a cruzar sus caminos en situaciones diferentes con dos mujeres distintas a las que eran ahora y si era su momento por fin podrían estar juntas, porque toda su vida estuvo esperándola. Los gritos cada vez se escuchaban menos no permitiría que le siguiera gritando de esa manera subió a su cuarto y se encerró por un par de minutos su madre insistentemente tocaba a la puerta con furia, tratando un par de veces en forzar la perilla sin éxito. Observo el cuarto ahora tan vacío sin ella y su reproductor se encontraba en la cama con los audífonos regados, se los coloco y lo encendió. Una voz resonó en sus oídos, el climas de la canción empezó a sonar. I will not fall, won't let it go We will be free when it ends Algún día será libre de amar a quien quisiera sin prejuicios, de amarla. Pero hoy debía mantenerse firme y no dejarse caer aún no. Continuara… Termine este capítulo sé que tarde muchísimo tiempo con la continuación pero quede muy feliz con el resultado final, espero que ustedes también les haya gustado. Me gustaría conocer su opinión de cómo va la historia si les va gustando o no si creen que le falta algo en particular se aceptan críticas que me ayuden a mejorar y sugerencias para la historia. Las canciones de la historia son Respirar de La Bermudez y What have you done? de Within Temptation. ","Summary":" Hola nuevamente yo por aquí wiiiiii espero que les guste la historia como verán soy otra de las que"},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"New Blood","Author":"The Lonely Padawan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6384585","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Onyxx: I edited this first chapter, because now that it's been a while, I'm starting to picture Mr. Harker (Quincey) as Heath Ledger. Call me crazy, but I'm absolutely serious. (Rest in peace, we'll always love you, and even if you're dead, I'm still stalking you.) Dracula: ... That's... That's creepy. Chapter One: Simon held Mary's trembling hand as they looked at the shattered mirror in Abraham Van Helsing's old office. Aramaic symbols glared at them, written in the blood of the security guard in front of them. Mary looked at them, her lips quivering, her eyes wide with shock. \"Flesh of my flesh, blood of my blood,\" she whispered, translating them. Simon had almost forgotten Mary's ability to read Aramaic that came from her father having taken the blood of Dracula over a century ago. \"How did he escape?\" he whispered, looking around as though the monster was in the very room with them. Mary sat down in the armchair, holding her hand over her mouth. \"What do you think he means?\" she whispered, looking up at Simon. \"What is he after this time?\" Simon knelt next to her, taking her hand between both of his. \"I dunno,\" he said softly, pulling her into his arms. \"But we've got to find him and get rid of him—for good this time.\" Mary felt a lump rise in her throat as she leaned against Simon's chest. She felt so afraid, afraid that he would come back, that he would come after her again. She knotted her fists in Simon's button-down shirt and cried, praying that Dracula wasn't coming after her. Dracula sank his fangs into the police officer's throat, blood gushing into his waiting mouth. He had escaped that confounded place once and for all—and if Simon or Mary came after him, there would be hell to pay. Literally. He dropped the corpse at his feet and walked away, the London fog welcoming him like a blanket as he made his way to the harbor. He had a boat to catch. He was going back to New Orleans. Anna put her head down on her desk, closing her eyes. The algebra test had been easy—now if only they'd let her go home about five hours early. Sadly, they wouldn't. She sighed, taking out a worn, dog-eared copy of Bram Stoker's Dracula. It had been awhile since she'd last had the chance to read, and she had thirty pages to go. She made it about three lines when the bell rang, and she grabbed her books, practically running out the door to her next class. She put her stuff down on her desk in Latin, then waited for the rest of the students to show up. \"Hey, Goth Girl!\" Connor Yarborough called. Anna and her friends called him Yargerburgerblah behind his back. \"So how did you become goth?\" She rolled her eyes, tucking a strand of dyed black hair behind her ear. \"The magical goth fairy sprinkled me with stardust, Connor, and that's how it happened,\" she mumbled sarcastically. \"Seriously, how?\" After she didn't answer him, he asked a new question. \"So are you an atheist?\" She closed Dracula , looking up at him with a glare. \"I'm a Christian, Connor, but to idiots like you, I'm a Jewish Nazi.\" The entire class jumped and put their hands to their ears as a loud screeching sound erupted. Yargerburgerblah raced to his seat comically, and Anna looked up to see what had caused that God-awful noise. Her heart immediately stopped beating as she saw what had to be the most gorgeous creature on Planet Earth glaring back at the class with beautiful blue eyes. The man was young, in his early twenties at most, and had long blond hair. It was extremely curly, and brushed his jawline around his face. \"I see everyone is present,\" he said softly, doing a quick headcount. Anna nearly fainted right then. His accent was almost a cross between \"Northern\" and English. His gaze lingered on her for a moment, softening, before it hardened and he looked at the rest of the class. \"I am your substitute teacher while Mr. Gautier is … ill.\" Amusement flashed in his eyes before he continued. \"I am Mr. Harker.\" He whirled gracefully to face the board, picking up a piece of chalk and writing his name in loose, flowing script. He turned to the class again. Mr. Harker smiled and said something in a foreign language, but none of the class understood it. He sighed, seeing the blank stares. \"Pity, this is a class on dead languages,\" he said, turning to the chalkboard. \"I am not Roman, but I am fluent in several of the Romance languages.\" Yargerburgerblah raised his eyebrows. \"So does that mean you know how to say 'I love you' in every language?\" he asked. Mr. Harker turned back to him with a blank expression. \"Te amo, je t'aime, ich liebe dich, and so many more I've not the time to recite. But no, that's not what speaking a Romance language is. Can anyone tell me what I mean when I refer to 'Romance languages'?\" Anna raised her hand involuntarily, and Mr. Harker pointed to her. \"A Romance language is one that is deeply rooted in Latin,\" she explained, \"such as French, Spanish, and Romanian.\" Mr. Harker's eyes twinkled. \"Now can you tell me why English isn't considered Romantic?\" he asked softly. \"English isn't considered Romantic because though we derive over sixty percent of our vocabulary from Latin, we also have words from Greek and Spanish and French that we've adopted.\" He clapped his hands together. \"Excellent! Come up here and take your choice of candy for being the only one able to answer simple questions about things you went over at the beginning of the year.\" Yargerburgerblah's eyes lit up at the mention of 'candy.' \"I want some candy!\" Mr. Harker narrowed his eyes. \"Fine then. During the age of the Romans, Connor, what was the capital of Italy?\" he asked. Connor furrowed his eyebrows. \"Umm …\" Mr. Harker nodded in his direction. \"And that is why you can't have candy, Mr. Yarborough.\" Ten minutes passed of Mr. Harker's brutal teaching method. However, Anna didn't mind—she already spoke Latin fluently. She sighed, scratching the inside of her wrist. It had begun to itch frequently, almost as if she had a rash. She looked at her arm, scratching again. It did no good—it still itched furiously. She sighed, finished with the worksheet Mr. Harker had handed out, and pulled her book out again. She barely noticed when Mr. Harker stood over her, checking her work. \"Excellent,\" he said in her ear. Anna jumped, blushing, before he put a hand on her shoulder. He paused a moment. \"What's that you're reading?\" he asked, leaning down next to her. Anna flipped to the cover so he could see the bold printing of the simple word—simple, yet feared above everything else. Mr. Harker smiled knowingly. \" Dracula, eh?\" he said softly. Then, he continued moving down the rows. The bell rang, and Anna rushed out of class, happy—yet sad, also—to be out of Mr. Harker's presence. Sad because he was so indeniably cute. Happy because, strangely, she felt she knew him—and their last meeting hadn't exactly ended on good terms. Flashback Bella's wickedly vicious smile almost made the shadowy figure regret his agreement—almost. He smirked further, staring at his two most loyal followers. \"My lord, we swear our first daughter to you!\" Vikas vowed, taking the Count's hand and kissing the dragon ring. Count Dracula sneered. \"And if you don't have a daughter?\" he asked softly. \"Then the first daughter of our bloodline!\" Bella's voice was desperate. \"But promise us—promise us eternity, master!\" The Count's sneer became a wicked grin. Even Renfield hadn't been this loyal for the promise of the rats—he'd 'ratted' him out for the sake of Madam Mina. The Count took her hand in his and kissed it. \"But first, you need my blood,\" he said softly. \"The first daughter of your line cannot truly be mine—not unless she is born with my blood.\" Bella's eyes widened gleefully. Dracula was disgusted by these people—obsessed with the occult, even madder than Renfield had been. Poor, poor Renfield—but he'd served his purpose. Dracula gave them a goblet of his blood, and they each drank. Now, the child born of them would belong to him, and, if need be, that child's children, until a daughter was conceived. The Count's wicked grin grew even wider when Bella's screams of labor reached his ears as he left. He could smell the man-child, but he knew, one day, a daughter would be born. I have walked the earth for centuries! In search of a soul, not bitten, but born. Dracula snapped out of his flashback as he wiped his lips of the blood that stained them. His most recent meal, a doctor from the same asylum he had visited nearly a decade ago, lay dead at his feet. He looked up, his sizzling green eyes examining the huge Gothic house, where the young woman, he knew, lived. The breeze brought him her scent—lilies, the flower of funerals, and lavender. He lifted his face to the wind, closing his eyes. He opened them again, flashing red. \"Soon, my princess,\" he whispered, then he turned on his heel, his trenchcoat swirling in the cool October wind, and disappeared onto a rooftop. Anna sat at her window, reading the sequel to Dracula, written by Dacre Stoker and Ian Holt. She had barely gotten to the third page when she had the eerie feeling of being watched. She looked out of the window and almost fell out of her seat. A man stood across the street, staring up at her window. His curly, dark hair blew around his face in the wind as he simply watched her. Anna blinked, and then … he was gone. She looked at the book with narrowed eyes, then closed it. \"That's what I get for reading vampire novels at night,\" she grumbled, crawling into bed and turning off the lamp.[Chapter 2] Onyxx: I have a new story idea, but I'll wait until this one is done... Dracula: What's this one about? Onyxx: … Not you, so keep your nose out of mah biznis. Dracula: … Is it that Kids Kicking Cancer fundraising thing on GB Dot Net that gave you the idea? Onyxx: … Maaaaaaaaaybe. Maybe not. Dracula: … You are just OBSESSED with Gerard Butler, aren't you? Onyxx: I never said I wasn't. Chapter Two: Anna tossed and turned in her sleep. Her eyes fluttered behind her lids. Anastasie … She groaned, turning onto her side. Anastasie … My Anastasie … my princess … Come to me, Anastasie … Warmth surrounded her, warm darkness. The shadow held her in its arms, warm and gentle. And that name, that strange, funny name … she'd heard it somewhere, she was sure of it. Anastasie … The wind whipped her hair around her face. Her dark black curls were tugged around her face. The blanket on her shoulders seemed to have a life of its own. Her white dress flapped around her legs. The wind was chilly. How the hell did I get out here? Ana … stasie … Strong, warm arms wrapped around her. Anna jumped, startled, then leaned into the embrace. \"My princess,\" the voice said. Deep, slightly accented, and erotic, the sound of the shadow's voice seemed to swallow her whole. She felt warm and safe and loved. A hand held hers, then the other trailed down her side to her leg. \"My princess,\" he repeated, pulling her into his chest from behind. The Shadow's lips were at her ear. Anna sought his hand, clutching it, as his lips went to her neck. Two sharp fangs pricked her skin, and she gasped, closing her eyes in ecstasy. Her shoulders were shaken by the hands of her mother, and Anna opened her eyes drowsily. \"M-Mom?\" she grumbled. Her mother looked worried. \"Anna, you were having a nightmare!\" she said. \"Come on, honey. Breakfast is ready.\" Anna tossed the comforter off her legs, sitting up. Her mother started to leave the room. \"Mom?\" she called. She turned. \"Yes?\" \"My … biological parents … What did they name me? Like, they were French, right? Or something? What was my real name?\" Her mother tapped her chin. \"When we adopted you, your name was something like Anastasie Victoire,\" she said. Her mother then turned and left the room.[Chapter 3] Onyxx: I hate camping. Dracula: Oh, stop complaining. You're out of the house, you're getting fresh air, and you're spending quality time with your family. Onyxx: I'm in a freezing camper, the 'fresh air' smells like shit, and each individual of my family is madder than a March Hare. I have a right to complain. Chapter Three: Quincey Harker sighed. \"Bloody hell,\" he muttered, looking at the picture in the paper. VAMPIRE SERIAL KILLER STRIKES AGAIN. Could the New Orleanians come up with worse headlines? Probably not. He sighed, tossing the paper into the trash. He made his way to the church, ignoring the hunger in the pit of his stomach. He walked into the confession booth, crossing himself and asking God for forgiveness for what he was about to do. The priest on the other side cleared his throat. Without speaking, Quincey broke through the screen that separated them, grabbing the priest by the throat. \"Tell me where I can find Mary Heller,\" he growled, his fangs elongating. Father David, for once, felt mortal terror. ( … I just seem to like abusing poor old Father David … ) \"I-I don't know!\" he stammered. \"Oh, God in Heaven, what are you?\" Quincey growled, letting go of the priest. He staggered out of the booth, walking to the huge doors of the cathedral. Without turning around, he stopped, shouting back to Father David, \"I am God's deadliest warrior.\" He pushed the door open and walked out into the night, leaving the priest crossing himself and praying. Anna walked into Latin, putting her books onto her desk, and sat down, sighing. She felt so sleepy … Why was it so bright in here? Mr. Harker came in, looking paler than usual and having deep circles under his eyes. His cheekbones were more pronounced than they were yesterday, and he looked just as tired as she was. He sighed, looking around. \"Mr. Yarborough is absent today?\" he said, phrasing it as a question, though it was more of an observation. He began the lesson. Connor groaned, opening his eyes drowsily. He felt light-headed and nauseous, and he didn't want to move. He realized he couldn't move. \"What the …\" He was chained to a wall, his arms suspended over his head. He tugged in vain, wondering if he could break the heavily rusted chains. A shadowy movement to his left alerted him to his surroundings. He was in a dark, damp dungeon that smelled of mold and rot—and something vaguely metallic. The movement, he noted, was caused by … A colony of bats that flew close together, fluttering and shrieking as one unit. They floated in the air, forming a shape, vaguely human. The bats became one—a man with curly black hair, black pants, a pair of black boots, a black shirt, and a black trench coat. The sight of the man cloaked in black with pale skin reminded him vaguely of Goth Girl back home. It was then that Connor noticed the man's eyes. He stepped into the moonlight, his green eyes rimmed with blood-red. The red seemed to spread to his pupil, then over the whites of his eyes. Petrified with shock and fear, Connor could only gape as the man took a predatory step forward, snarling, his gleaming fangs bared. As the man neared, Connor realized he was going to die. He let out a fearful girlish scream as the man—no, vampire—came ever closer. He put a finger over Connor's lips, stopping his scream. \"Dignity … Connor,\" he said softly, seemingly scolding him. Connor's eyes widened—and he screamed again, blacking out.[Chapter 4] Onyxx: BAAH! (sobs) Dracula: … What's wrong with you? Onyxx: They … they … Dracula: Go on, spit it out! Why are you crying? Onyxx: … THEY KILLED MY BABY! Dracula: … WHUT? I didn't know you had a baby … Onyxx: Not a real baby, doofus. They took \"The Twin Brother I Never Had\" and rewrote it for a \"phanwank\". Dracula: What did they do? Onyxx: They made Gerry and Erik look gay and Gerry stupid. Dracula: … I WILL CUT THEM. Imma go eat them, just you wait til I get my hands on that … that … GRRRR! Onyxx: (sobs) Why? Why did they kill it? That was one of my favorite ones … They could have taken my Legion fic or the Devil May Cry one! Dracula: (goes off to search for the person that destroyed \"TTBINH.\")) Chapter Four: Anna sighed, picking at her food. The scent of garlic was too strong—it was unappetizing. Which was weird—Anna had always liked garlic. She put her fork down and looked at her parents. \"May I be excused?\" she asked, feeling sick. Her parents dismissed her, and she went upstairs, flopping onto her bed. She closed her eyes, falling asleep easily. She'd been having the dream over and over, and waking up right as the Shadow had been about to sink his fangs into her neck. She stood over the balcony of some European castle, the wind whipping her hair around her face. As expected, the Shadow returned. Only this time, he had a face. Anna gasped involuntarily when she saw him. He had dark hair that curled around his jaw, pale skin that emphasized his emerald green eyes and red lips. His eyes had a ring of blood red around them, and they seemed to glow in the moonlight. He looked around thirty, but from the wisdom behind his deep eyes, he was obviously so much older. \"Anastasie,\" he whispered, his voice sending chills up and down her spine. \"How do you know my real name?\" Anna asked as he approached. She kept her eyes on his face without meeting his gaze—she'd read how vampires can hypnotize. She backed away fom him. \"What do you want from me?\" He was suddenly right beside her, his hand on hers. \"Oh, my Anastasie,\" he whispered, his lips at her ear. \"My princess …\" She leaned into him before jumping away. \"Don't avoid me,\" she said. \"What's your name?\" He tilted her chin up to look at him, and Anna couldn't tear her gaze away from his eyes. \"I have many … but we are all so much more … complicated … than our names.\" Anna gasped as he came closer, his lips almost touching hers. \"Wh-who are you?\" she breathed, unable to think. He exhaled, his breath stirring against her lips. She desperately wanted him to kiss her. \"Everything I am is yours … and all you are is mine.\" She closed her eyes as his lips brushed tenderly against her cheek. \"Stop … stop being so … vague …\" He chuckled, his lips vibrating against her throat. \"Is it not obvious to you who I am?\" he said softly, kissing her hair. Her arms draped involuntarily around his neck. \"D-Dra...cula …\" She gasped as he kissed her collarbone in affirmation. Anna's fingers tangled in his hair, the smooth texture of it making her mind fuzzy. Dracula, for that was who he obviously was, trailed kisses back up her throat, then his lips touched hers for the first time. Anna gasped. It was her first kiss. It seemed electric—a current seemed to draw them closer together. His tongue brushed gently against hers, guiding her; obviously he had much more experience in this realm. She melted in his arms until he was the only thing preventing her from falling off the balcony. \"Anna! Anna! Wake up, honey.\" Anna opened her eyes to see her mother wearing a concerned look. \"You were having another nightmare, darling,\" she said, brushing a stray strand of hair behind her daughter's ear. \"Are you sleeping well?\" Anna blinked. \"Uh, yeah … I'm fine, Mom.\" Her mom smiled gently, stroking her cheek. \"Okay. If you want anything, just yell for me, okay?\" Anna nodded, smiling reassuringly at her mother. \"Mom, I'm fine. Don't worry. It was just a … bad dream.\" Yeah, right, Anna thought as her mother left the room. \"That was the best dream ever,\" she said softly to herself, flopping back against the pillows.[Chapter 5] Onyxx: I am such a terrible person. Dracula: What makes you say that? Onyxx: I haven't updated in MONTHS. Dracula: It's okay, we still love you. Onyxx: Well, hopefully, this chapter will make up for the weeks of not updating. Chapter Five: Quincey slammed his hands down on his desk, running his hands through his hair. \"Why the HELL didn't you tell me this before?\" he thundered, whirling around and throwing a piece of chalk at the board. It shattered into a puff of powder from the force behind the throw. \"I didn't feel the need to tell you until now,\" the shadowy figure in front of him said. He whirled around again, pointing an accusing finger in the face of the man. \"You didn't feel the need to tell me that a girl in my classroom is being targeted by Dracula? That, despite my efforts and Abraham's efforts, there is still a carrier of his blood that he wants? You didn't feel the need to tell me?\" He picked his supervisor up by the collar of his shirt. \"You didn't think it might be a good idea to tell me that I might have to kill a teenage girl?\" The man's cold blue eyes glared up at him, and with a push to Quincey's chest, sent the much younger, much less experienced boy into the wall. \"The darkness in her has not completely taken over. It will not take her over, if we intervene.\" \"The 'darkness,' as you call it, took over my mother! His blood made her turn her back to God and my father and join him in his sick existence!\" Quincey raged. \"Am I to face off against his blood and his kin alone?\" \"No,\" said a new voice. Quincey whirled to see a young woman with short brown hair and dark eyes set in a pale face. He sneered, turning back to look at the other man. \"This is what you give me? A woman? What's she gonna do, seduce him so I can stab him in the back with a stake?\" In a single instant, the woman had Quincey pressed to the wall with a stake to his own back. \"You forget, Mr. Harker, that in today's society, women are considered equal to men.\" \"Quincey, this is Mary Heller-Van Helsing,\" his supervisor said, smirking. \"Abraham's daughter, who carries Dracula's blood. As you can see, she overcame his curse.\" \"Blood filtered through leeches!\" Quincey snarled, his face pressed uncomfortably to the cold wall. \"And now, after I spent years searching for you, you show up and decide to partner with me? What the hell?\" \"I was in London protecting Dracula's remains.\" \"Apparently, you didn't protect them too well!\" Quincey pushed her away and looked at his boss. \"What about Simon? Still in London taking care of Carfax Antiques, or is he going to stop being such a—\" The cold steel of a kukri blade was pressed to his neck. \"Just a little note, mate. Never, ever , fuck with an antiques dealer.\" Simon stepped away, allowing Quincey some breathing room. The latter looked back at his boss. \"What's next? Santa Claus and his magic sleigh?\" \"Sadly, no.\" The older man chuckled, then looked out the window at the rising sun. \"Dawn approaches. Quincey, remember your vows to eradicate all vampires... including yourself.\" With that, he was gone. Anna locked her bedroom door and pulled the curtains over the windows. She had a massive migraine and had already made it clear to her mother that she was not going to school today. Besides, with Connor Yarborough missing for two months now and his friends thinking she had some voodoo doll with their names on it, she was sure school would be hell for a long time. She heard her parents leave the house and sighed, crawling back into bed, immediately falling asleep. She had not dreamed of Dracula in a month, and she was starting to... miss him. Perhaps this sleep would be different... As Anna slept, her curtains rose in a breeze that obviously wasn't there. The sky outside darkened to an almost-black, and the wind picked up. Rain began to fall, and a fog spread over everything. Moving seemingly like it had a mind, a cloud of mist approached Anna's window. It slipped in through a the crack and seemed to move and change to the shape of a man. He materialized, wearing all black, his skin so transparent that black veins were visible through it. His blood-red eyes turned to a warm gray-green, and Dracula sat on the edge of Anastasie's bed. He'd found her. The daughter born with his blood. She belonged, rightfully, to him. He brushed a strand of curly black hair from her face with chilly hands, and smiled softly as he looked at her. A vein pulsed in her neck as her gentle heartbeat throbbed in his ears. Dracula leaned close to her neck, inhaling the scent of lilies. So pure, so beautiful... He bit down on her neck, her sweet blood coating his tongue. He took a long drink, savoring her taste, and pulled away, the wounds healing instantly. Anastasie's eyes opened blearily, and she moaned softly, bringing a hand to her neck. \"Dra... cula?\" she mumbled, trying to sit up. He looked into her eyes, holding her by the back of her head, and cut his neck with a fingernail. \"Blood of my blood... flesh of my flesh.\" He gently raised her to drink from him. Feeling his essense sucked from him by this gentle girl was ecstasy. Dracula nuzzled her, interrupting her drinking, and lay her back down on her bed. \"Sleep, Anastasie,\" he whispered, closing her eyes and brushing a drop of blood from her lips. \"Sleep, so I shall awaken you when you are ready...\" He pressed a gentle, loving kiss to her lips, fading into mist, then went back out through the closed window.[Chapter 6] Onyxx: Just so you guys know, I'm already starting on my Valentine's Day RocknRolla /Gerry fic! Dracula: You know Gerry's gonna kill you. Onyxx: … And? Since when do you care? Dracula: Uh, since \"The Song I Sing At Funerals?\" Onyxx: … Ohmaigod. Dracula: What? Onyxx: … I totally forgot... we're… married. O_O Dracula: WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAT. Chapter Six: Anna rubbed a hand against her sore neck. It seemed to throb right over the jugular, and felt feverish... until she touched it. It was icy to the touch. Something was terribly wrong. Why was Connor's best friend, Colin Cobb, suddenly looking like a snack? For one thing, he probably tasted like crap. For another, he wasn't exactly a Big Mac. He was, in fact, human—though she was pretty sure a mad scientist had swapped his brain out for a monkey's at some point or other. She grabbed her books a half-second before the bell rang and scurried to Latin. She... needed to talk to someone. About halfway down the hall, Anna's eyes rolled back in her head, and she collapsed to the ground in a faint. Everything went black. Suddenly, she felt like she was locked in a tight space. She couldn't move. She couldn't breathe. She couldn't think. She wasn't uncomfortable. She just felt... dead. Suddenly, the lid of her... coffin... opened, and light from the fading sunset poured in. A man with white hair, though his face seemed far too young for it, held a kukri knife above her. She tried to scream, but she didn't even feel pain as he plunged it into her chest. What... was happening? She looked into the man's face, and she saw... Mr. Harker? What? \"Anna?\" a voice called. A cool, wet... something... was pressed to her forehead. \"Wake up, honey.\" It was the school nurse, Mrs. Owens, that leaned over her, concern in her gentle brown gaze. \"You fainted in the hallway. Mr. Harker carried you in here. Are you alright, sugar?\" Anna sat up, rubbing her head. \"F-fine,\" she mumbled, her hand drifting to her throbbing neck. \"Just a little thirsty.\" The nurse handed her some water, then sighed. \"I have to go. Mr. Harker will stay in here and watch you—it's his planning period now, and I need to go to the coach and give him some health textbooks.\" Mr. Harker stepped in as Mrs. Owens left, and his gentle blue gaze turned serious and cold as he looked at Anna. \"What did you see when you fainted?\" he asked, closing the door. \"What are you talking about?\" Anna asked, narrowing her gaze. Mr. Harker took a predatory step forward. \"You've been having dreams of a man in black, haven't you? Tall, dark, handsome. Sharp teeth.\" He smirked as he saw the flush spreading over Anna's cheeks. \"You're a terrible liar. That's a good thing.\" He knelt in front of her. \"Anna, I'm here to help you. That man, that thing... is evil to the core. He wants blood, Anna. He's dark, sinister, and vile.\" \"You don't know him,\" she whispered. Her eyes widened, and she clapped a hand over her mouth. \"Your first name is Quincey, isn't it? Quincey Harker...\" \"'Named after our little band of heroes,'\" Quincey whispered. \"Yes. I am Quincey Jonathan James Abraham Harker. My father was Jonathan Harker, my mother Mina Harker. When I was thirty years old, I was attacked by a vampire and forced to join the dark ranks. However, another vampire rescued me, and taught me every weakness of Dracula's. I've dedicated my life to hunting down vampires. Once Dracula is dead, I will then destroy myself.\" \"Why? Why must Dracula die? He never actually harmed anyone in the book,\" Anna protested. \"Maybe a few people. He was good friends with your father!\" Quincey laughed. \"You shouldn't believe everything you read, little girl. Dracula isn't even Romanian. He's Jewish.\" He sighed. \"His real name is Judas Iscariot. I don't know much about him, but my friend Mary does. She's like you. She was chosen by Dracula ten years ago to become his queen, but she resisted him because he was going to make her kill her friend, Simon. He's escaped, and he will do the same to you.\" Anna shook her head, tears streaming down her face. \"No. NO! I don't believe you!\" She jumped off the cot and nearly made it to the door when he caught her by the arm. Before he could convince her to stay, she pushed him away, apparently harder than she'd thought—much harder. Mr. Harker went straight through the wall into the small bathroom of the nurse's office. Shocked by her sudden inhuman strength, Anna opened the door as gently as possible and ran down the hallway to her locker, shoving her books inside. Before she could be stopped, she ran through the front doors of the school and all the way home. Her parents weren't home, she noted, and she ran up to her room, opening the curtains and letting the light stream in. It hurt her eyes, and she had to close them again. She ran into her parents' room and grabbed her mother's rosary. Her skin sizzled, and she let out a cry of pain, looking at the cross-shaped burn mark on her palm through eyes blinded by tears. Falling to her knees with a whimper, Anna pushed the rosary away with the toe of her boot. \"What's wrong with me?\" she whispered, crawling back to her room and into her bed. She curled into a ball, whimpering. A mist came through the crack of her window, and Anna looked up in fear as an icy fog covered her. She sat straight up, not knowing whether to scream or not. The mist came together to form a man—Dracula. He sat down next to her with a concerned look on his face. \"Anastasie,\" he whispered, his voice snakelike and seductive. \"Why do you cry?\" He reached a hand to her cheek to wipe her tears away. Anna flinched away from his touch. \"How do you know my real name? Why are you after me? What do you want?\" She crawled into the corner of her bed, hugging her knees to her chest, and picked up the can of Mace from her bag. \"Don't... don't come any closer, or I'll mace you right in the goddamn eyeballs!\" Dracula chuckled. \"You want to know what I want?\" he whispered, coming closer despite Anna's threat. He took her hands in his gentle ones and kissed them. \"I want you, Anastasie. I want you to be my queen.\" He pulled her into his loving arms, holding her close. Anna felt herself relaxing in his chest, and sighed. \"Why me? Why not someone beautiful and rich and perfect, like Kelsey Hall?\" \"Because someone beautiful and rich and perfect like Kelsey Hall...\" he whispered, \"... is nothing compared to you.\" \"I'm not beautiful. I have the flattest chest in the South, the pastiest skin in North America, and absolutely no feminine curves. My hair is dull and dry and frizzy, my nose is big—\" \"You don't have a big nose. You have beautiful hair, skin, and curves. And you have something that only three other people alive have.\" He smirked, and leaned close to her ear. \"My blood runs through your veins. You were born to be mine. A century ago, your ancestors gave me the promise that the first daughter of their bloodline would belong to me. You were mine before you were even born.\" That sounded slightly creepy to Anna, but she nuzzled into his chest. Creepy in a romantic sort of way. \"So I can't choose not to be with you?\" she asked softly. He pulled away slightly, tilting her chin so she faced him. \"You are free to choose whatever you want, Anastasie,\" he whispered. \"Do you not want me?\" In a swift movement that neither of them anticipated, Anna had Dracula pinned to her bed, straddling his waist, and looking into his warm green eyes. \"I do want you,\" she whispered. \"I choose you.\" Dracula suddenly had her flipped over beneath him, and he pressed his lips to hers gently. \"Then... you shall have me,\" he said softly. Anna tangled a hand in his dark curls, kissing him passionately while working at the buttons of his shirt. Whether it had been the right choice or not, she'd chosen to be with this dark stranger that promised her blood and darkness... and all the pleasure she'd been denied her entire life. He awakened a new being in her, something she hadn't known was there. \"This is my choice,\" she whispered in his ear, pulling his shirt away to reveal his bare, muscular torso. \"I made this choice for me, and by God, I'm sticking to it.\" Quincey sighed and slammed his fists down on his desk, making Mary and Simon jump at the sudden noise. \"Anna didn't listen,\" he said softly, staring at the glass of water in front of him with a glare that could probably shatter it if he stared long enough. However, Simon's remark made him shoot his laser beams of eyes at him. \"She's a teenage girl, she probably thought you were coming on to her or something,\" Simon had said. He didn't back down from the death glare—he'd probably seen worse. After all, he'd beheaded the love of his life when she tried to kill him. Would he really be afraid of the Evil Eye? Quincey increased his demonic glare on Simon, to no avail. Apparently, no. He wasn't afraid of the Evil Eye. He sighed and slumped back in his chair. \"If Dracula goes to her and turns her...\" \"Then there's nothing we can do except hope and pray that he releases her like he did Mary,\" Simon said. \"Wonder if we can get him in that same situation? Hang him from that same building?\" \"Doubt it,\" Mary said. \"I bet they took that cross down now.\" \"Glad you two are having fun with your chat,\" Quincey snapped angrily, slamming his fist down again. \"There is a teenage girl right now that is probably becoming a vampire, and what are we doing about it? Sitting around and going on about a neon crucifix! For Chrissake, we need a fucking plan!\" \"Calm down, mate,\" Simon said. \"Dracula can't be killed. Ever. Until he's forgiven for his sins against God. So what can we do?\" Mary sighed. \"I can't help but blame myself for this,\" she whispered. Simon stared at her blankly. \"How is Judas's betrayal of Jesus your fault, Mary? Huh?\" \"I blame myself because I didn't give him the chance he could have had to be forgiven,\" she whispered, tears choking her voice. \"Maybe this wouldn't have happened...\" \"He was acting like a bloody teenager not wanting to go to church,\" Simon pointed out. \"What could you have done? Brought it up at breakfast, while he's sucking someone dry? 'Oh, Drac, hon, why don't we try getting you forgiveness from God?'\" Quincey, annoyed, sighed and held his head in his hands. \"What can we do?\" he whispered. \"We can pray. Pray that God keeps Anna safe and prevents her from doing something exceptionally idiotic.\" \"Such as sleeping with the enemy,\" Simon piped in. Anna groaned as she woke up that night around three a.m., stretching and finding herself pressed against a hard, cold-yet-warm body that was unmistakably male. Dracula's hand found hers, and he pulled it to his lips, kissing it gently. \"How are you feeling, princess?\" he whispered, his voice husky in her ear. Anna smiled softly. \"Sore,\" she mumbled, snuggling close to him. \"Sore, but in the good way.\" \"I did not injure you, did I?\" Dracula asked, concerned. Anna nuzzled his neck. \"Of course not.\" She yawned and stretched again. \"I'm... thirsty...\" Dracula kissed her throat. \"I am not shocked,\" he whispered. \"The vampiric nature inside you has been awakened. You thirst for blood... and blood you shall have, my princess.\" Anna bit her lip as Dracula gave her another kiss on her neck. \"But... I can't... kill... someone... I don't know...\" \"You won't have to,\" Dracula whispered. \"I can't... hurt... someone who hasn't... done me harm...\" Each kiss on her throat made her take a sharp gasp of breath. \"Again, princess, you won't have to.\" He smirked, then stood, grabbing his clothes and slipping them on quickly. \"Get dressed. Tonight, you feast on the blood of a killer.\" Anna stood and ran to her enormous walk-in closet, pulling out a short Tripp skirt and a black tank top, and got dressed quickly, feeling Dracula's burning gaze on her the entire time. Feeling rather flushed, she turned back to him. \"Where are we going?\" she asked, remembering to grab her combat boots. She zipped them up quickly, then returned her gaze to him expectantly. \"I hope you aren't afraid of heights,\" Dracula said, smirking, and took her hand. He opened the window, and climbed out on the balcony, taking Anna with him. He pulled her into his chest, and held her close as two large bat wings jutted out of his back ( Yeah, I know, I added that bit. I just felt like it. ). With one powerful downstroke, they were in the air, flying over New Orleans. Anna had never been this high up. She loved it—yet, at the same time, wanted to puke. She buried her face in Dracula's chest as he flew over the Gulf, and then the Atlantic. It seemed to take hours, but they arrived in a stormy part of Europe. Strangely, a cloud had seemed to follow them and cover them, but perhaps it was his ability to control the weather. He dropped down in a castle and allowed Anna to regain herself. Almost immediately after standing, she fainted into his arms. She'd discovered she didn't like heights very much.[Chapter 7] Dracula: No. No no no no. Onyxx: What the hell is wrong? Dracula: We're not married. Different story, different situation. Onyxx: Okay... whatever you say... honey. Dracula: (steals Quincey's death glare and magnifies it by a million times) Onyxx: It's not working. Besides, if I die, who's gonna finish the story? Dracula: … Good point. Chapter Seven: Mary's jaw dropped. \"So I wasn't the only one he wanted?\" she asked after hearing Quincey's story of all he knew. Quincey shrugged. \"As far as I know. Right now, there are only four people that have his blood. Me, you, Anna, and Dracula himself.\" \"Wait, so let me get something straight,\" Simon said, leaning forward in his chair. \"Dracula is after Anna because her ancestors promised that he would have the first girl of their family line? What's so important about Dracula having a bride? Doesn't he have, like, three?\" \"Dracula hasn't taken any brides since the last three, during your time,\" Quincey explained. \"For one thing, he doesn't have time. He's had to keep hunting her, he's spent his months seducing her to the darkness. Between sleeping during the daytime and taking one life a week, he hasn't had any time to take any extra brides. Besides, Anna probably wouldn't like it if there were any other brides in the equation. Think about it. She's a modern girl with modern ideals. If she's gonna date a guy, she doesn't want him to have three other girlfriends, does she? No. He knows he'll have to sacrifice some of his old customs or lose his queen.\" \"Why does he even want a 'queen'?\" Simon asked. \"He's got it all. He's already the progenitor of the vampires.\" Quincey looked at him blankly and was about say something sarcastic when Mary cut him off. \"He's lonely,\" she said softly. \"He wants someone to love him.\" Dark memories of his mother clouded Quincey's mind. He grit his teeth. \"Why does he choose so many women? Why doesn't he just give it up? Nobody loves a monster.\" Mary gave him an accusing look. \"He's not a monster, he's just...\" Simon raised his eyebrows. \"By definition, a vampire is a monster. He is evil, cruel, and he killed your father, Mary. He killed your father, he caused the death of your best friend, and he almost made you kill me. He would have turned you into a cruel monster, too, Mary.\" Mary sighed, her eyes betraying her sympathy for Dracula. \"He thinks he's a monster, but...\" \"If he's not a monster, what is he, Mary? He sold Jesus out for money, he's killed millions of people over the centuries, and right now, he's probably corrupting a minor.\" Quincey sighed before continuing. \"If that's not a monster, I'd hate to see what you call Charles Manson or Adolf Hitler.\" \"He's not like Manson or Hitler!\" Mary protested. \"He regretted what he'd done! He tried to repent as he hung from that cross when the sun hit him! I saw the look in his eyes!\" Tears fell down her cheek. \"He saved my life, you idiot. When I would have been burned by the sun as well, he let go of me so I could be protected, then released me from the curse.\" \"He killed my father!\" Quincey thundered. \"He killed my father after stealing my mother from him! He's a damn womanizer! He would have turned you into a corrupt bloodsucker just like he is!\" \"Just like you are?\" she countered, raising an eyebrow. \"You said that Dracula is a monster because he's a vampire. What are you, a rainbow pony?\" Quincey clenched and unclenched his fists, gritting his teeth. \"You're right. I am a monster. But I'm not a cruel, evil bloodsucker that would sell out my friend or impregnate another man's wife right in front of him. I have fucking morals. I am not like my father.\" He stormed from the room, kicking a chair over as he went. Mary sighed and leaned back, running a hand through her hair. Simon frowned. \"What did he mean? I thought Jonathan Harker was a good man. Quin's always bragging about him like that.\" Mary sighed, not answering him, and shook her head. She knew that Quincey did not mean Jonathan Harker. Anna moaned softly and rolled over in her bed, reaching for the alarm clock. Her hand met thin air, and she opened her eyes blearily. This wasn't her room. This wasn't even her house. She sat up, looking down at the silk sheets that perfectly matched her blood-red satin dress. Her hair was pulled into a fancy updo, and dark black curls fell down around her shoulders. She stood, her bare feet meeting icy cold stone, and looked around the room, trying to remember what had happened the night before. Dracula had taken her to the dungeons of his castle and let her feed on a man that had killed a few kids. She hadn't really had a problem with it, considering he'd been a murderer, but it had disturbed her nonetheless. She still didn't know who had dressed her. She hadn't seen this dress before, and she wondered if Dracula had put it on her. As she was about to open the door, someone else knocked before walking in. She was a stunning woman, with long blond hair like spun gold and skin the color of milk. She was, in fact, so inhumanly beautiful, it was almost ugly. When she turned to Anna with a smile, she had fangs. \"Well, well, if the little princess hasn't woken up,\" she sneered, her eyes turning blood red. Her voice had a Romanian accent. \"You know, I never understood what made you or that Mary girl so special. I and my sisters have waited for him since we discovered his guest snooping around! All he does is reprimand us. Yet he stares at you adoringly, lovingly...\" The woman had been walking forward the entire time, and now Anna was pressed against the wall as she stroked her cheek in a predatory way. The way a cat plays with a mouse. \"His little Anastasie.\" She sneered, then bent her mouth down to Anna's throat. \"I haven't tasted his blood in a long time... and you smell so sweet...\" Anna, held immobile by a paralyzing fear, could only tremble as the woman opened her mouth to bite into her neck. She clenched her eyes shut, praying for it to end soon. Just then, the woman was jerked back by her hair, a snarling Dracula behind her. He jerked her to his side, one hand wrapped around her throat. \"Get. Out,\" he growled, his fangs gleaming in the light of the waxing moon. Whimpering, the vampire woman ran out of the room and down the hallway. Anna slumped against the wall, and Dracula came to her side, wiping away the blood where the woman's fangs had grazed her neck. \"My princess...\" \"Who was that?\" she whispered, looking up at him. \"Why was she here?\" \"She was my bride,\" he whispered, \"one of three other than yourself.\" \"So I'm just another concubine?\" Anna stared at him accusingly, scooting away. \"I'm just another girl for you to have?\" Dracula shook his head, coming closer. \"You're not like them,\" he whispered, taking her hand. \"You are my queen. You will sleep in my bed every night, you'll sit at my side, and you'll have as much voice in our kingdom as I do.\" \"What kingdom?\" Anna asked, confused. \"You're not Vlad Tepes anymore. You're just... Count Dracula.\" He smiled softly. \"I am the progenitor of all vampires,\" he said. \"I am Judas Iscariot, betrayer of Christ. I was the first vampire, and I cannot die. I have searched for centuries for a soul that could free me from my curse of solitude. I have chased many women—Mina Murray, Mary Heller... and now you.\" Dracula stroked her cheek. \"So far, of all women I've fallen in love with, only you have seen past me to find the man I once was.\" Anna looked into his warm green eyes. He was right. She hadn't fallen in love with Dracula. She'd fallen in love with the shadow that held her and whispered in her ear that had been revealed to be Dracula. Even with the news that he was the reason Christ had died, she still loved him. \"I had hoped, through the centuries, that the future would hold a woman that could look at a monster and see the man within,\" he whispered, a single tear falling down his cheek. She wiped it away with her thumb, then snuggled into his chest. \"You're not a monster,\" she whispered. \"You're... you're just... you. You can't help what you are.\" Dracula wrapped his strong arms around her. \"I... I love you,\" Anna dared to whisper, pulling away to look into his eyes. \"I love you.\" He stroked her cheek, pressing a gentle, chaste kiss to her lips. \"I love you, too.\" Quincey picked up a lamp and tossed it at the wall. It shattered from the impact, the sound drowned out by his roar of fury, grief, and vengeance. \"I'll kill him!\" he shouted, throwing more and more furniture at the wall. \"I swear to God, I'll find a way to kill him! I'll fucking kill him!\" As he prepared to launch his chair at the wall, a small hand held his arm back. He dropped the chair, turning to look at Mary. Her dark eyes filled with pity, she took his hand in hers. \"Quincey...\" she whispered, touching his cheek. He turned away from her, walking over and sitting on the bed. \"I hate him,\" he whispered, tears falling down his face. Mary sat down next to him. \"You have a right to,\" she whispered, taking his hand again. \"I know how you feel. He killed my father, too.\" \"Your father hadn't raised you,\" he whispered. \"I don't think you understand. My biological father killed the man who raised me.\" Mary nodded. \"I understand completely,\" she whispered. \"I understand, Quincey.\" He looked at her, finding comfort in her soft brown gaze. \"Mary,\" he whispered, taking her hand. \"How do you find it in yourself to forgive him?\" She smiled sadly. \"I'm a woman,\" she whispered. Quincey looked back into her eyes, his heart fluttering suddenly. \"Yes,\" he whispered, his cheeks flushing slightly. \"You are.\" It seemed for a moment that their lips would meet... but the door banged open, and Simon carried in a bundle of papers. \"You two better look at this,\" he said, dumping it on the floor. He looked around. \"Christ, what the hell happened in here?\" Quincey stood and picked up a paper. \"What is it?\" \"He's in Romania.\" Simon picked up another paper. \"Look at this. 'Unidentified Flying Creature Lands in Castle Dracula.'\" Quincey dropped the paper. \"Come on. We have a flight to catch.\"[Chapter 8] Onyxx: I have a serious case of writer's block. Dracula: Don't worry. All you have to do is let the words flow... Onyxx: I'm in the middle of a roleplay and a conversation with an eleven-year-old Australian girl (who doesn't say 'mate,' EG, just sayin'). I can't 'let the words flow.' Dracula: Then just type. That works. That's what you usually do. Onyxx: … I'd like to think I have a sort of complicated sequence to it. Dracula: You mean besides sitting on your butt and trying to think of a good line to type? Chapter Eight: Quincey looked over at the setting sun, wearing dark glasses to shield his eyes. Despite being a vampire, he somehow had the ability to walk in the daytime. Perhaps it was the shred of human blood that coursed through his veins from his mother, or perhaps it was Dracula's cursed blood. Either way, the sun could only blind him. He turned to Mary and Simon, his long blond hair fluttering in the breeze. \"Come on,\" he said. \"We just have to climb these stairs before the sun sets. Dracula's probably already stirring.\" Mary easily caught up to Quincey, then turned back to the lagging Simon behind, waving a hand for him to hurry up. \"Simon, come on. You're unusually slow.\" Panting, he caught up to them. \"We... still... have to climb... all those steps?\" he panted. Quincey raised his eyebrows, smirking. \"What was that about fucking with antiques dealers?\" he asked cheekily, crossing his arms over his chest. Simon flipped him off, and Mary smacked his hand in a matronly way. \"No fighting, boys. We have to get up there and save that girl.\" Quincey looked up at the castle, then the darkening sky. \"Come on. We don't have much time.\" He looked back at Simon, smirking. \"Want Mary to carry you up there, Simon?\" he asked, already starting to run up the stone steps. Simon looked up, groaning. \"Can I wait in the car?\" he yelled. \"No!\" Mary and Quincey yelled in unison. Anna explored Dracula's castle, going through the throne room, the dungeons... Everything that caught her eye, she explored to the most thorough degree. She thought she heard voices from a room near where Dracula was sleeping, and climbed up the stairs to go check on him in his coffin. No one was in there, only the long black box. She walked over to it hesitantly, then lifted the lid gently to look upon the face of her lover as he slept. In sleep, the lines on his face were smoothed out, a slight smile on his lips. His arms were crossed over his chest, his hair curling around his face like a lion's mane. He seemed to be dreaming about something pleasant. Anna wondered what it was. \"Anastasie,\" he mumbled in his sleep. A heavy blush crept over her cheeks as she realized he was dreaming about her. Oh, my, she thought, looking at his full lips. How badly she wanted to kiss them... A hand suddenly covered her mouth as another dragged her out of the room. Shocked, she tried to scream, but nothing came out. It was the blond woman, and two other inhumanly beautiful women, one with dark hair, the other a redhead. \"My sisters and I have decided that we should rid our home of the competition,\" the blonde hissed, her eyes turning blood-red. \"The dark lord will know what he has neglected for centuries!\" Petrified, Anna could only stare at the three vampires that wanted to kill her. \"We will rip you limb from limb,\" the redhead hissed, her nails turning into long claws as she gripped Anna's neck. \"As a young fledgeling, you won't be so hard to kill!\" Anna whimpered, feeling the claws dig into her skin. As the dark-haired vampire bent to bite into her neck, she kicked her in the stomach, feeling a surge of new, unknown strength. She pushed the blonde and the redhead away, then got to her feet, hissing as her fangs elongated. \"I am not a chewtoy!\" she hissed. The blonde lunged for her, and Anna grabbed her by the hair, pushing her into the approaching redhead. She bitch-slapped the brunette and sent her flying back into the wall. The redhead pushed the blonde away and grabbed Anna by the throat again, biting down into her flesh. Anna felt a surge of pain and survival instinct kick in simultaneously, and she connected her own mouth with the other's throat, ripping it out, blood spraying everywhere. Dracula's door banged open, and he took in the sight with horror on his face. The horror turned to rage, and he glared accusingly at the two living brides. \"What. Happened. Here.\" The two brides looked at each other in fear, then at Anna. \"She attacked us!\" the brunette accused. The blonde nodded, wide-eyed. Dracula walked over and picked them both up by the throat. \"Funny, I'm inclined not to believe you.\" He threw them down, then hissed at them, \"Go back to your room. I'll deal with you both later. You'll be lucky if you don't end up the same as Cosmina.\" He glared at them, then turned to Anna, who was still covered in Cosmina's blood. Trembling, she found herself falling into his arms. \"I killed that girl...\" she whispered, terrified. \"I killed her. I killed that girl.\" The corpse had changed back to her original human form. She appeared to be around Anna's age, before she crumbled into dust. Anna buried her face in Dracula's chest. \"What have I become?\" she whispered. Dracula didn't answer, simply stroking her hair and wiping the blood from her face. Quincey and Mary stood at the huge door of the castle, the moon high above them. \"Damn it, Simon,\" Quincey growled. \"We're late because of you! You should have waited in the car!\"[Chapter 9] Onyxx: So, what really happened to Connor? Dracula: … You don't need to know. Onyxx: Seriously, what happened? Dracula: I ate him, what else? Onyxx: … You're hiding something. Dracula: You'll find out, Jesus! Onyxx: Not if you don't tell me! Dracula: You're the one that's writing the damn story, YOU decide what happens to Connor. Onyxx: Here's an idea: How about we let the reviewers decide? Dracula: Okay, people. You heard it. YOU decide Connor's fate. Should he become the vampire slave of Dracula and Anna, should he be dead, or should he be saved for when Anna's feeling... snackish? And then, of course, with that last choice, Anna has to save the buttnugget's life. Also I won't update until you review. So, yeah. DOOOO EEEEET. Dracula: Alright, vote! Gogogogogogogogogogogogogo! Chapter Nine: Anna sat on her bed, trying to forget the sounds of bloodcurdling screams she'd heard from the room where Dracula had banished the two surviving brides. She tried to forget the stench of blood and death... She closed her eyes and lay down, calming her mind and trying to get to sleep. Despite being a vampire like the others, she didn't have to sleep in a coffin. Perhaps it was that she was still somewhat human, or maybe it was the fact that she was... his queen. Queen of the vampires. To rule the world with Dracula... Wait, hold on. He'd said that they were the only vampires living at the time. What was their kingdom going to be? \"We will repopulate the vampires,\" Dracula said, suddenly appearing in the room. Anna jumped at the sound of his voice, then relaxed as she saw his worn, caring face. He lay down beside her, stroking her hair out of her face. \"I am truly sorry that happened earlier,\" Dracula whispered, kissing her forehead. \"Afina, Cosmina, and Camilia can bother you no more.\" \"So that was their names,\" she whispered. \"Were they sisters? They looked a lot alike.\" \"When vampires have lived that long, they eventually start to have the same features.\" He sighed, stroking her cheek. \"You won't look like them, though. You're different. You were born with my blood.\" She sighed and snuggled closer to him. \"I wish... I wish we could both just be...\" Anna pulled away and looked at him. \"Human. I wish we could be human together, grow old together... change... have... children...\" She looked away, tears blinding her. Dracula stroked her cheek, turning her back to face him, a mournful look in his eyes. \"I wish we could, too,\" he whispered. \"God won't forgive me.\" She looked into his eyes, searching the green pools, and kissed him gently. \"Did you ever ask?\" she whispered, running a hand through his hair gently. She kissed his cheek, his forehead, and his neck, holding him close. \"He still loves you. He loves all of His creations.\" Dracula kissed the top of her head. \"Perhaps.\" He held her close as the sun rose over the horizon, coming in through the huge window. It lightened the room without actually touching them, and she fell asleep in his warm arms, wishing there was something she could do. Quincey and the others sat in a corner shaded by the castle, leaning against the wall. \"Tired,\" the two men groaned at the same time. Mary nodded off to sleep on Quincey's shoulder, and he looked up at Simon. \"You take first watch,\" he said softly, making sure he didn't wake Mary up. \"Wake me up at noon.\" Simon nodded and stood, stretching, then walked away. Quincey rested his cheek on the top of Mary's head, taking his trench coat off and draping it over her shoulders. It got cold in the Carpathians, and he didn't want her to freeze. Mary moaned a bit in her sleep and snuggled close to him, her arms around his middle. \"Quincey,\" she mumbled, opening her eyes groggily. \"Back in New Orleans... were you about to kiss me?\" Quincey looked down at her, sighing, and took his glasses off. He hesitated before answering. \"... No,\" he lied, his arm around her. \"Just go to sleep, Mare.\" She nodded, obviously still half-asleep, and nuzzled into his chest, as if his answer hadn't mattered. After seeing the way Jonathan had loved Mina, Quincey was afraid to fall in love with Abraham's daughter. It would kill him if he lost her, echoing his parents' legacy. He ran his fingers through her fine, short hair, then stroked her cheek gently. After everything he'd been through, after hope had been squashed out of him at a young age... he found it again in Mary. She was strong, stronger than he was, and found it in herself to forgive Dracula. Despite his hatred for the vampire, he wished that he, too, could find it in himself to be able to forgive. Knowing that wouldn't happen, however, he sighed, shaking his head, and pulled Mary closer to warm her. It was, after all, very cold in the Carpathians. Her warm breath stirred against his neck, and Quincey stroked her hair. \"I was, actually, about to kiss you,\" he admitted softly. Mary chuckled softly, obviously only pretending to be asleep. \"I know,\" she whispered, hugging him closer. She nuzzled his neck, then placed a tiny kiss on his cheek, softer than the brush of a butterfly's wing. Mary then found rest in the crook between his neck and shoulder. Quincey smiled before closing his eyes and drifting to sleep.[Chapter 10] Onyxx: So, the vote is unanimous! Connor is a snack. Curse you people, I wanted him to just die and be done with it. Anyways, no, he's not dead. Dracula: Poo. You guys take all the fun out of it. Onyxx: If this isn't what you meant, then, well, at least it'll be comical. =D Chapter Ten: Anna looked up at Dracula, smiling, as they stood at the top of a tower, staring at the moon. This was where her dreams had taken place. Dracula held her hand, turning to her. \"This place is where I first came to you in dreams. It is fitting that another important thing takes place here.\" He took her hand, placing it over his heart, and put his hand over hers. \"It is fitting that we should be made one here, that we should unify ourselves once and for all.\" Anna looked into his eyes, seeing only pure love in his gaze, and smiled at him. He pressed his forehead to hers. \"Anna... Anastasie... my princess... my queen...\" She closed her eyes, her other hand over his, still pressed to the place above where her heart beat. \"I love you,\" she whispered, the wind caressing her skin gently. \"I love you, too,\" he whispered. \"You are my queen, my love. Let us become one, with only the moon and stars as witnesses. We will be together forever, in secret. We will stay in the world of shadow and exist only in fairytales.\" \"The lonely king and his long-awaited queen,\" she whispered, agreeing. \"And I have waited for you, a very long time.\" He smiled softly. \"Anastasie, I—\" \"Don't move, or I'll push you off the turret,\" a voice said. They whirled to see Mr. Harker—Quincey—and two others, a man and a woman. \"This is where it ends, Judas.\" Quincey's blue eyes were cold and hard as steel. \"This is where Anna gets her life back, and where I avenge my father. Mary's father. The countless dead from the centuries that cry outrage at you still living off their blood. Their children's blood.\" Dracula shook his head at Quincey. \"Quincey...\" he said softly, looking into the boy's eyes. Quincey growled, suddenly appearing right before Dracula with a stake at his chest. \"It's over,\" he hissed. \"I'm not Quincey Harker anymore.\" \"You never were,\" Dracula said softly, remorse covering his features. He looked at Anna, petrified with terror, then at the woman nodding to the latter. \"Take her,\" he said softly. \"Don't let her see this, Mary.\" The woman, Mary, gently grabbed Anna and tried to pull her away. That was when the fear and rage kicked in. It took both Mary and the man, Simon, to pull her way, kicking and screaming, tears falling down her face. It couldn't end like this. It wasn't fair. \"No!\" she screamed, sobbing. \"No! It's not fair! It's not fair! Please! Don't, please!\" Quincey looked into his father's eyes, rage gnawing at his chest. \"You killed my father,\" he accused, growling. \"He killed himself,\" Dracula whispered, closing his eyes and shaking his head. \"It was your fault nonetheless! If you'd left my mother alone—\" Dracula sighed, then looked at Quincey. \"I am sorry,\" he whispered, a tear falling down his cheek. \"I'm sorry, Quincey.\" Quincey looked into his eyes, trying to fight away the warm feeling in his chest and the tightness in his throat. He blinked, then shook his head. \"You don't mean that.\" \"I do,\" Dracula said softly, putting a hand on his son's shoulder. \"I am sorry. I ask only for your forgiveness, my son. I ask that you forgive me for everything I've ever done.\" \"God can't even forgive you, what makes you think I can?\" He kept his tone clipped and spiteful, but he regretted saying those words. Dracula chuckled mirthlessly. \"Perhaps you are right, Quincey.\" He sighed, closing his eyes. \"Then kill me. Do it, Quincey.\" He looked at the stake, then at the man that was the cause of all the misery in his life. Why didn't he just end it now? Kill him. He's evil. Cruel, viscious, ruthless. He's a monster. He's a man looking for forgiveness... He's no different than me. He's a demon. He's my father. Why didn't he do it? Because he forgave him. Quincey dropped the stake, then wrapped his arms around Dracula. \"Father,\" he whispered, tears streaming down his face. He whimpered, hugging him tightly. Dracula put his arms around his son gently, then sighed. A moment later, they jumped away, feeling something happening inside them they couldn't explain. Dracula looked at his hands as they sickly white changed to a darker color, his natural tone. Quincey's own skin became less pale, and they looked at each other in shock as their fangs shrank back into their gums—quite painfully, as the teeth continued to change and reshape. Quincey's eyes flashed to a white-blue, then back to the original color as he continued to change. \"What's happening?\" they said in unison. Mary let go of Anna as the girl doubled over, in a sort of pain. Her deathly pale skin darkened slightly, and her teeth hurt like she'd just been punched in the mouth by someone wearing brass knuckles. A moment later, the pain was gone. She looked at her hands, then at Mary. \"What... what's going on?\" \"You're human again,\" the man—Simon—said. \"Something's happened. Quincey's killed him.\" Anna's eyes widened and filled with tears. \"Wh-what?\" She stood and ran back up the stairs. She was met with the two men staring at each other in shock. Mary was behind her, and she ran over to Quincey. \"What happened? Quincey, you're... you're human again!\" \"It wasn't God that needed to forgive you,\" Quincey said, looking at Dracula. \"It... it was me!\" \"I think we had to forgive each other for past sins,\" Dracula said softly. \"You had to forgive yourself for being what you are.\" Anna ran over to Dracula and wrapped her arms around him. \"Is it over?\" she whispered. He smiled and held her close. \"It's over,\" he whispered. A familiar voice groaned from the doorway, and Anna turned around, incredulous. \"Can we all go home now?\" Connor said, rubbing the back of his head. \"I've been stuck in a dungeon for the past two months! He said something about saving me for a snack.\" He pointed accusingly at Dracula. They all laughed, and Simon patted Connor on the shoulder. \"Don't worry, mate,\" he said. \"You won't remember a thing.\" He hit him in the head with the metal shotgun, and he fell unconscious. Mary punched him in the arm. \"You're carrying him down the stairs!\" Three years later Anna dumped Jude's laundry in a basket and carried it to the laundry room on her hip, nearly tripping over Luna, the cat. A soft giggle came from the other room, and she smiled when she saw him with their young son, whom they'd named Jonathan Abraham. \"Be careful, don't let him get hurt,\" she called. Jude laughed. \"Hurt? Princess, I have no idea what you're talking about.\" Being human, Dracula needed an identity. Now, he was Jude Caulard (an anagram of Dracula), and Anna was his wife. Quincey and Mary settled down and now had a daughter, named Matilda Rose Wilhelmina Harker. ( Like the Heath Ledger reference there? =3 ) Simon had been named the godfather. Anna never found out what happened to Yargerburgerblah. All she knew was that he had no idea where he'd been the two months he was missing, and that he didn't make it into pro baseball. She neglected the laundry to sit down on the couch with Jude and Jonathan. She smiled, looking into his eyes. He'd seen the world grow and change, watched it turn while he stood still. Now he turned with it. He was growing and changing, though his face didn't show it. He was still just as beautiful as he'd always been. Anna smiled, then took his hand. Jonathan rested against his chest. This was how it had been meant to be. ","Summary":" Onyxx: I edited this first chapter, because now that it's been a while, I'm starting to picture Mr."},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"The Natural Predator,","Author":"Wolfelover94","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11499709","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Oakey Oaks Middle School, 2007. It was an rainy day in the town of Oakey Oaks, the school day was especially boring to a certain red vixen bully named Foxy Loxy, she tapped her pencil against her head as she listened to her teacher drone on and on for some subject she could care less about. All Foxy could think about at the moment was her everyday target, Chicken \"Ace \" Little, Her way of relieving herself of stress after an hard test, Or her losing an baseball game or her depressing home life...Some call it bullying, but for Foxy, it was an twisted form of symbiosis. Foxy grinned evilly as she stared at Chicken from across room, her mind started to fill with sadistic plans to ruin the poor chicken's day for him. her tail slowly started to move around in circles, catching the eyes of Abby Mallard ( her second target. ) and Runt of the Litter. ( her creepy stalker/admirer ), \" Just what are you planning to do Foxy? \" Abby said to her bully, suspicious of the way Foxy was staring at her boyfriend like he was some kind of snack, Or thinking that She'll steal him away from Abby like in one those crappy teen comedies that no-one cares about, due to recycling the same story and tropes over and over again. Typical Foxes...always preying on the weak and unfortunate. Foxy just sneered at Abby and went back to watching her prey, \" None of your business, Ugly! \" She snapped. she sniffed the air and a crimson scent caught her nostrils, She traced the scent over to Chicken Little's desk to see a drop of blood on his worksheet. \" Uh, Mr Woolensworth? can I have a tissue? I 'm having a beakbleed here...\" Chicken Little asked while covering his bleeding beak bashfully. Suddenly, her pupils darkened and she started to salivate all over her desk, her feral instincts taking over. She then snuck out of her desk and crawled on all fours towards an unsuspecting Chicken Little, her tail shifted downwards along with her ears as she prepared herself to pounce on her prey, Sadistically licking her lips as she thought of his tender flesh gracing her tongue and her senses. Before she could do so, Mr Woolensworth quickly grabbed her by the collar of her shirt and shook her out of her trance, \" Foxy Loxy, I will not tolerate you attempting to eat another student on my watch! No siree, Now, report to the principal's office young lady! \" he ordered Foxy. \" Oh, and by the way Mr Little, here's your tissue. \" \" Yes Sir, you uptight bag of lambchops \" Foxy cursed under her breath as she exited the class room, prompting Mr Woolensworth to call out to her, \" I also do not tolerate the use of rude language or name-calling\" Foxy just mocked him with her hand as she went out the door, prompting the class to giggle out loud. much to Mr Woolensworth's frustration. She closed the door behind her and walked down the hall towards the principal's office, \" Did I really just try to eat Chicken Little?...what's going on with me? \" Foxy reflected back on the incident, she tried to reason with herself that maybe it was just that lunchtime wasn't getting here quicker and that she was just hungry, and that she just couldn't take it anymore and acted on predatory instinct. Foxy arrived outside the door of the principal and politely knocked on it, \" Come in,\" she heard the principal say. Foxy then opened the door and stepped into the room, she was greeted by Principal Fetchit and he gestured her to sitdown. \" I just got a report from Mr Woolensworth that you tried to harm another student by attempting to eat him, Is that true Foxy Loxy? \" he questioned her while rotating a pencil with his fingers, Foxy shifted in her seat as she felt Mr Fetchit's eyes stare at her coldly as he awaited for her answer. \" I really don't remember sir, \" Foxy lied as she looked down and scratched her elbow, \" I can tell that you're lying Foxy, now, it would be better if you come clean.\" Fetchit told her as he set his pencil down on his desk. Foxy irritably rolled her eyes at the principal's cliched speech, \" Ok, Fine! I tried to eat Chicken Little to satisfy my hunger, Happy? I don't know what came over me, I just stared at him and suddenly I'm about to pounce on and kill him! \" Foxy tearfully explained the truth to Mr Fetchit. \" I was just going to do my usual shtick and pick on him, I didn't mean to try to actually murder him, Honest! \" After Foxy was done telling the truth, Principal Fetchit leaned back into his chair in thought of what to do with Foxy Loxy's situation, he considered giving her detention for eight weeks for the incident, but what if it were to occur again? what if she tries to eat another student? the school barely survived the alien invasion two years ago, it surely wouldn't survive the controversy of a student murdering another and getting a slap on the wrist for it. No, something else should be done, Something else must be done about this, Mr Fetchit opened one of the drawers on his desk and dug around in it. Fearing that he was looking for a gun, Foxy Loxy quickly ran to the door and opened it to escape this madman, Before she could escape however, Mr Fetchit quickly explained that he was looking for an magazine on medicine and kindly escorted her back to her seat. \" I apologize for the misunderstanding, Foxy Loxy. \" he apologized as he set the magazine onto his desk and opened it up, he gestured for Foxy to his side to look at an article inside the magazine, \" As you can see Foxy, there's this new supplement called Feral-Fight, it controls your cravings for meat and prevents you from going feral, it just might help you with your problem,\" Mr Fetchit explained. Foxy thought for a moment and considered the possibility of not eating her classmates and teachers one by one and becoming an outcast like Chicken Little was when he said the sky was falling the first time around. \" Okay, I'll do it, but I have to consult my mother and my doctor first before I'll try this junk! If I died because of your dumb idea, I'll be sure to haunt you first! \" she warned the principal, who chuckled at her little threat. \" Don't worry Foxy, it won't kill you unless you take too much or you'll have an allergic reaction. Oh dear, I should've have said that! \" He quickly tried to cover up his mistake by telling her that the tablets were not habit-forming, but Foxy glanced at the ad and pointed at the disclaimer at the bottom of the page, Confirming her suspicions and catching the lie. Principal Fetchit tugged his collar at his cover-up and apologized to Foxy Loxy for lying to her, \" I'll just make an order for the tablets and you consult your doctor and we'll go from there, okay? \" He quickly pushed Foxy out the door and closed it behind her. \" So unprofessional, \" Foxy muttered as she headed back to class, As she reached for the doorknob to Mr Woolensworth's classroom, the bell rang out and the door opened suddenly and slammed Foxy into the wall cartoonishly, causing her to indent it. After the class left to go to lunch, Goosey Loosey was the last to leave when she heard Foxy muffled voice yell out to her to get her out of her predicament. \" Foxy? are you in there? \" Goosey asked her flatten friend as she closed the door and stared at Foxy as she slid out of her hole and clattered on the ground like a quarter. \" You okay there, Foxy? \" Goosey asked as she wrung out Foxy like a rug, Making her pop back to her normal self. \" I'm fine, Goosey, Now let's get some lunch before I start to devour you! \" She warned as they walked to the cafeteria, Making Goosey gulp at the thought of her friend eating her for lunch. \" So...what was everyone talking about you trying to eat Chicken Little? I was asleep at the time. \" She asked Foxy. \" Nothing, that was just nothing Goosey, \" Foxy answered nonchalantly, not wanting to remember her talk with Principal Fetchit hours ago. The two bullies entered the cafeteria and went over to the lunch line to get their food, The menu today was Sloppy Joe's, Foxy's favorite. After getting their milk cartons, Foxy and Goosey sat down at their table and started to chow down on there lunches. Unfortunately, Foxy found a dirty feather in her Sloppy Joe, making her slam it down with disgust. Foxy's eyes darkened again as she stared at Chicken Little and his friends, Well two of them actually, Fish out of Water called in sick this morning... \" Goosey, I think my meal today consists of, a Pig,a Duck, and a Chicken! \" Foxy said in an sadistically low voice, \" Well, you can't have that because that's not on the Menu! \" Goosey pointed out to her, not knowing that her friend had suddenly changed. Foxy got up and slowly went over to Chicken Little's table and placed her hands on it, \" Um..hi there Foxy! \" Runt of the Litter said dreamily to her, \" Why hello there, Bacon Sandwich! \" Foxy replied back to him in an fake sweet voice, \" Hi Foxy, do you want our lunch money or something? because none of us have any! \" Abby Mallard spat. \" I don't need your lunch money, Duck Roast! \" Foxy snapped as she turned towards Chicken Little, drooling all over their table as she came closer to him, \" Um...Foxy? are you okay? do you want my Egg Sandwich? \" Chicken Little tried to surrender his lunch as an peace offering to save himself and his friends. \" I'm sorry Chicken Bucket, I don't want your stupid sandwich...I WANT YOU AND YOUR PALS AS MY LUNCH! \" she yelled as she pounced onto them. Abby tried to push the deranged fox kit away from Chicken Little but to no avail as she was tossed aside effortlessly. Then Runt of the Litter tried to help Abby, but Foxy simply growled at him. Making him hide under the table Berating himself for being a scared piglet. Foxy had gotten a good bite on Chicken Little's arm before she felt an metal object hit her hard on the back of the head, \" Owwwww! \" she heard Chicken Little yell out in pain before she fell to the ground. As Foxy stared to black out, she caught a glimpse of her assailant, Goosey Loosey holding her dented lunch tray with a look of terror on her face...[Chapter 2] When Foxy Loxy awoke, she was in her bedroom and it was dark outside her window, She sat up and held her head in her hands as she tried to think about what transpired hours ago. She remembered getting her lunch and finding the dirty feather in her Sloppy Joe, So what next? what else did she do? all that Foxy could remember was being hit by Goosey Loosey's tray before...before...she blacked out. \" How long have I've been asleep? hours maybe? what exactly did I do? \" She asked herself as she felt the numb bump on the top of her head. Foxy's ears twitched as she heard her bedroom door open behind her, she turned around to see her mother walk in with an disturbed look on her face, she had a plate of chicken and a glass of grape juice in her hands, she set them down on the nightstand and turned to face her daughter. \" Foxy...I know that you're still drowsy from sleep and all, but can you tell me what's going on with you? \" She asked Foxy, who stared at the plate of chicken like she had seen a ghost. \" the school called me from work to come pick you up, they said that you bit one of your classmates on the arm. Foxy, We talked about this plenty of times, No more bullying your classmates, It doesn't make you look cool honey! \" she gently scolded her. Foxy somberly nodded her head as a tear rolled down her cheek, her ears flattened against her head as she thought about what she did to Chicken Little...She felt guilty, that was not something that she never felt before until now. \" What's wrong with me mom? why was I born a fox? \" she cried as her mother held her close, stroking her fur. \" Oh sweetie, there's nothing wrong with being a fox, you know this and I know this, Now let's get to the bottom of this problem. Tell me what happened, Start from the beginning! \" Her mother encouraged her to tell the truth,...the little that she remembered at least. After Foxy explained the situation to her mother, about the Feral-Fight Principal Fetchit recommended and her contaminated lunch. Mrs Loxy thought back for a bit and look of horror washed over her face in realization...She took a deep breath as her daughter looked at her concerned about her well being, \" Mom? are you okay? \" Foxy asked her. \" Honey...I have something to tell you, *sigh* I had the exact same problem when I was your age. \" Foxy's mother admitted, much to her still lingering shame. \" Did you ever find a cure for it? Was it like an evil demon that you kicked it's butt with karate? \" Foxy asked her mother as she bounced on the bed excitedly, Imagining her mother dressed as an heroine from one of her fighting games and kicking some serious ass, Hoping for something other than stuffing her face full of pills for the rest of her life just so that she wouldn't have to eat innocent people. \" No...it wasn't like that at all \" Her mother finally answered, much to her disappointment and chagrin. \" Then how did you fight it? \" Foxy asked her mother, \" I've learned to control it as I grew up But, sometimes...I feel that it still lingers inside and I don't know why. \" Mrs Loxy concluded telling her story to Foxy, leaving her with a feeling of hopelessness. \" Your story didn't help me at all! \" Foxy groaned irritably, \" How am I going to stop myself from eating somebody, if I don't have a cure for my illness or what ever this is? \" Foxy cried out to her mother. \" The word you're looking for is Self-Control, honey, \" her mother told her. \" But don't worry, We'll try this Feral-Fight first and we'll see what happens. But if it doesn't work, we'll try the old-fashioned way. Okay? \" Foxy's mother kissed her on the forehead and tucked her in. \" Thank you mommy!\" Foxy yipped to her mother adorably. \" For understanding and it was nice talking to you about this, I needed someone who would actually try to help me, unlike Principal Fetchit and his stupid ideas! \" she said bitterly, to which her mother snickered a little before reprimanding her. \" Now-now Foxy, that's not nice, it was a little bit funny, but not nice of you. \" Her mother scolded. \" Fine. I'm sorry! Better? \" Foxy apologized half-heartily. \" Yes, now get some more sleep, We'll talk to your doctor in the morning. Goodnight honey, \" Mrs Loxy kissed her daughter good-night and left the room, closing the door behind her. \"Good-Night Mom,\" Foxy replied back. Foxy pulled her blankets over herself as she drifted off to sleep, Dreaming of dozens of sheep getting mauled by savage foxes. causing a sadistic smile to appear on her face... The next morning, Foxy and her mother went to the doctor's office to consult for some Feral-Fight. the drive there was dull and boring, with the radio turned to some uppity 80's pop station that Mrs Loxy likes to listen to, which was quickly switched over to the hard core rock station by Foxy. Who started to headbang to the music while doing the devil horns gesture with her hand, which annoyed her mother greatly. Bringing back memories of dating Foxy's father... At the end of the drive, with Foxy still headbanging to her metal station, Mrs Loxy turned the car off and got out, Ending her daughter's jamming session, Much to her disappointment. \" Geez Mom, you turned uncool, like the 1980's! \" Foxy huffed. \" Hey, my generation was cool back then! \" Mrs Loxy argued playfully. \" And now they're old! \" Foxy retorted in her head. \" Pffh as if! You're a tiny smige on uncool scale, Almost to Buck Cluck's level, and that guy's an asshole! \" Foxy scoffed as her mother shoved a bar of soap into her mouth, \" Foxy, that's not nice! and where did you learn to talk like that? \" her mother chided. \" Well...from you and the weird movies you'd watch when you think I'm asleep...\" Foxy said as innocently as she can muster, making her mother blush in embarrassment. \" And who else am I going to learn from? I mean you are there to teach me things like you're supposed to, Right? \" Foxy's mother just sneered at her as she opened the door to the doctor office, \" We're going to talk about this later young lady! \" Mrs Loxy warned Foxy. As her mother went to talk to the receptionist, Foxy went over to the waiting room and sat down on a chair, She picked up a Modern Mallard magazine and started reading, or started riffing if you will. She made fun of the seemly unhelpful advice and the advertisements on the latest fashions, she was about to get up to get another magazine to read when she heard a familiar voice from across the room... \" I just don't know what's wrong with her Dad, Sure she's a bully and she's mean to me and my friends, but she's still a person and in some bizarre way, I'm worried about her. \" Foxy heard Chicken Little voice his concern about her to his father, who sat down and examined his son's bandaged right arm. \" It's nice that you care son, but that still doesn't excuse her for harming my boy! \" Buck fumed as he slammed his fist on the chair arm, hurting his hand in the process. Foxy slightly flinched as she witnessed this, her eyes narrowed before she stopped and thought about what to do to make it up to Chicken Little and his father, she thought of just walking up to apologize but decided against it due to Buck's rage at the moment. She tried to sneak by them before her mother called her over to the receptionist's window, Giving her position away, \" Thanks for covering for me mom...\" Foxy muttered sarcastically to herself as she started walking towards her mother covering the side of her face with her hand as she passed by. \" Hey,.. uh,..Foxy! \" Chicken Little said awkwardly as he rubbed his good arm, his right was damaged from Foxy's attack yesterday, \" I was wondering if you're okay and why did you bite me? you're usually not this aggressive, \" He asked Foxy who averted her eyes away from his, feeling her guilt wash over her. Chicken was about question Foxy about her demeanor before Buck pushed him aside and stared into her eyes with fury, \" Foxy Loxy,...did you injure my boy out of your so called \"Rep\" to maintain? Well guess what, Young Lady! you got another thing coming! \" he threatened the unfazed vixen, who just stood there and stared right back at the washed-up baseball star. \" No, I did not hurt him because of my \"Rep\" Infact, I don't remember what happened, so do you care to enlighten me? \" Foxy answered as she folded her arms defiantly. \" Now you listen here-\" Buck started to say before Foxy's mother cut him off, \" Oh, why hello there Mr Buck Cluck, I see that you're still chasing faded dreams while your poor son suffers for it! \" Mrs Loxy said as she stroked Chicken Little's chin affectionately, causing him to look away bashfully while Foxy stared at her mother confused. \" Mom?...what the heck are you doing? \" She whispered to her, \" That's my victim you're smothering! \" Mrs Loxy glanced at her daughter before continuing, \" You know Chicken Little, I used to go to school with your father, I was quite the little rebel back then...\" She reminisced. \" Yeah, and my bully throughout high school as well! \" Buck bitterly interjected, remembering the times that Foxy's Mother shoved him into his locker and stole his lunch-money and bicycle. \" Oh, come on Buck! that was years ago, You're still mad about that? I've changed, you've changed, Get over it. you're just like the entire town was when your boy said the sky was falling two years ago! \" Mrs Loxy chided Buck as Foxy and Chicken exchanged glances between them, noticing similarities between them and their parents. \" I know that Vixie, It's just that your daughter attack my son yesterday and I'm not happy about it! \" Buck fumed. \" Neither am I Buck, But we're going to do something about it, come along Foxy, the doc's ready to see us! \" Vixie took her daughter's hand and went over to the check-up rooms, but not before Foxy licked the back of Chicken Little's head in apology, Causing him to blush hard before smacking himself by remembering he was with Abby. After seeing this, Foxy shoved him to the floor and laughed manically. \" Ha, Loser! \" she cackled. Chicken glared at Foxy as she left with her mother, \" Typical Foxes. \" He muttered. Foxy and Vixie Loxy where escorted by an fluffy cat nurse into the first doctor's room, \" The Doctor will see you in a minute Vixie! \" the cheery nurse said as she closed the door behind her, accidentally getting her bushy tail caught on it, causing her to stifle a yowl in pain. Foxy almost giggled at the nurse's pain before her mother glared at her against it, \" You're no fun Mom...\" she muttered. After a few minutes of waiting, Foxy's Doctor showed up and placed his clip-board on the counter, he was a scruffy old dog, nearing Mr Woolensworth's age and he wore glasses and a piercing on his nose. \" He must be a retired rock star! \" Foxy thought as she looked closer at him. \" Good morning you two, so what are you in here for today? \" The Doctor asked Vixie, \" Well...you see, my daughter has a...um...problem with her um...\" She tried to say but couldn't quite get the word out. \" With her um...changing body? \" the Doctor guessed, making Foxy's face turn bright red when she heard this. \" No-no-no-no! I'm not changing anything, I'm turning feral and I need some help! \" Foxy saved herself total embarrassment, \" you see, my principal recommended that I try this stupid supplement called Feral-Fight, he said that it will cure my cravings for meat and prevent me from turning completely feral. have you ever heard of it? \" Foxy explained to the doctor while he stroked his beard in thought. \" Yes I have heard of it Foxy, It's supposed to control your meat cravings each day of the week as you already know by now, I suppose I could prescribe you some if you'd like? \" The Doctor suggested. Vixie thought about it while Foxy nodded her head yes, \" Is it safe to give to her? I mean will it be harmful to my little baby? \" she asked the doctor worryingly while Foxy rolled her eyes the \" little baby\" part, The doctor shook his head reassuringly, \" No Ma'am it's not harmful to you child in any way, Don't you worry, I'll write you an prescription and we'll see if it helps her or not, if it doesn't and something goes wrong, call us immediately. \" He told Vixie. Foxy raised her hand to ask him a question, \" Doctor, do you know what's wrong with me? why now? why am I now turning feral? Is it serious medical problem? Please tell me! I don't want to live like this forever! \" she cried out while her mother comforted her. The Doc solemnly sighed at the helpless little fox before him, He wondered what could do to combat this strange phenomenon, It needed to be studied, It needed to be cured sooner or later. \" Chin up little fox, I'll try to find the solution to your problem, don't you fret! I promise you this, don't give up hope my dear. I know it's abit overdone, but It's true! there is hope for everyone. \" The Doctor finished his speech as he held up Foxy's chin. Foxy dried her tears as she left with her mother to go sign out of the clinic, leaving the good doctor alone with his thoughts. \" Here's your prescription for the supplements Vixie! \" the nurse said cheerfully to Foxy's mother, who signed her name on the clip board. \" Thank you Chrystal, I appreciate it! \" she replied. Foxy looked at Chrystal and noticed her staring at her mother with a dreamy look in her eyes, \" Hmm, weird.\" she thought to herself. Vixie waved goodbye to her high school friend and took her daughter's hand and started to leave...but not until she placed an \" Kick Me \" sign on Buck's back as he and Chicken Little past by. As they were leaving, Foxy looked over her shoulder to see Nurse Chrystal looking at the clip board with a loving gaze, unbeknownst to her, Chrystal was looking at the phone number under the signature... The car ride home was filled with silence, Foxy did not say a word to her mother or turned the rock station from earlier back on, she was by herself, alone with her thoughts, the entire way back...[Chapter 3] After the ride home, Foxy went up to her bedroom to ponder her situation, she went up to her bed and sat on the edge of it. she thought of her condition and how it affected her and the people in her life, She sort of felt sorry for Chicken Little and his injury that she inflicted. Foxy rested her chin on her fist, thinking of a way to fight back against her condition. What if the pills fail? what then? will she turn into a monster like in the movies? surely not. \" These pills better work, if not, somebody's getting a pummeling! \" Foxy said to herself as she thought of the prescription her mother received for her. she turned on her video game system and pulled a game case from her drawer of games, \" Oh, Vixen Warrior 1, you never let me down in my time of need, unlike Lucy the Space Heifer 4, that game was a total cow-pie! \" she fumed as she placed her favorite game on the disc tray and closed the trap door. As she sat down and waited for the game to load, her mother called her name from downstairs, causing her to sigh irritably and set down the controller on her bed. \" Coming! \" Foxy said as she scurried down the stairs, she jumped onto the banister and began to slide down it, \" Woohooing,\" all the way down. \" That was awesome honey! \" Vixie applauded her, \" But what did I tell you about running and sliding in the house? \" she scolded her afterwards. \" To not to... \" Foxy answered her mother begrudgingly, a bit miffed that her mother pulled an bait and switch on her. \" Okay, what do you need? \" She asked her mother. \" I was wanting to take you to Atomic Burger for dinner tonight. Does that sound like fun Honey? \" Vixie grinned happily, making her daughter uncomfortable in the process... \" Sure, let me get my coat and turn off my PreyHunter 2, \" Foxy told her mother as she went back up the stairs to do just that, she got her coat out of the closet and turned off her game system, She then went back down the stairs to go with her mother to Atomic Burger. \" It's been awhile since we went out anywhere, Mom. \" Foxy told her mother as she got into the passenger seat and closed the door behind her. \" Well, I have been working hard lately Honey, \" Vixie told her daughter as she started the car, which took a few tries due to the starter's age. Once the car roared to life, Foxy and Vixie were off on a journey to fill their bellies. \" I saw you talking to your boyfriend, Foxy. Mind telling me about him? \" Vixie gave her daughter a sly smile with her remark, Foxy coughed loudly and looked at her mother like she was crazy, \" What are you implying Mother? that I have the hots for him?... Heck no! Ewwwwww, No freaking way! \" She gagged as her mother laughed at her reaction. \" I'm just teasing you dear, don't get so defensive! \" Vixie chuckled. Foxy blushed as she thought about Chicken Little, that cute little beak of his and that sexy tus- \" What the hell am I thinking about? \" she shook her head to drive those thoughts away from her mind. her mother smiled at her as she noticed her blushing face. \" Thinking about somebody special are we? \" Vixie teased Foxy. \" Grrrrrrrrr! \" Foxy growled adorably, baring her teeth and flattening her ears. \" Awwww, that's just to cute! \" Vixie petted Foxy on the head, \" That nice boy Runt was into you for awhile. I wonder what happened with that? \" She asked her, smiling at the memories of Runt of the Litter coming over every Sunday just to see her and Foxy. \" That... Never...Happened, \" Foxy seethed through her teeth, her mood slowly changing to anger at the mere mention of her and Runt, After the brainwashing wore off, Foxy felt very stupid with her Southern Belle get-up and her cheery voice, She was tired of the gossip from her classmates and Runt's constant showering her with attention. So, after pretending for a few days that she was still brainwashed, she told Runt off and burned his gifts along with the dress and umbrella out of spite. After that fiasco she felt much better, Runt on the other hand? not so much, the poor pig was heartbroken for weeks. But after a few pep talks from Abby and Chicken Little ( And also a little entertaining stage show from Fish out of Water ) he was back to his normal, cheery old self. Foxy felt her mother's hand on her shoulder and shook her gently, \" We're here my little vixen! \" Vixie cooed. Foxy took off her seat belt and opened her car door and got out of the car along with her mother, the two of them then walked into the restaurant, which had a giant faded cow inside of an spaceship wearing a spacesuit. As Vixie waited in line to order, Foxy went into the play area to play the video game cabinets, But much to her dismay, they were out of order. Begrudgingly, Foxy walked back to her mother and stood beside her. After ordering their food, Foxy and her mother sat down and waited for their number to be called on, \" So, why did you think I have a crush on Chicken Little? \" She asked her mother, who looked at Foxy with a knowing smile. \" You know, the way you were looking at him earlier and the fact you technically dumped Runt for him. \" her mother theorized, her tail was waving back and forth in shipper's giddiness. Foxy rolled her eyes at this theory and huffed. \" I dumped him because he was too clingy, Now, can we talk about something else? Mom, Please , I'm begging you. \" Foxy pleaded, her patience was wearing thin by the minute. \" Okay, okay! I'll stop. now what else do you want to talk about? \" Vixie asked her. \" Number 43, your order is ready! Number 43, your order is ready! \" the intercom sounded to them. \" Hold that thought sweetie, Mommy will be right back! \" she kissed Foxy on the forehead and went up to the front counter to get the food and drinks, leaving her to muse with herself for abit. As she waited for her mother to return, Foxy sang a song to herself to pass the time: \" I'm bringing sexy back, Yeah! You other losers don't know how to act, Yeah! I don't know the rest of the words...so, um...yeah! \" She mumbled the rest as her mother came back with the food. \" Singing a tune honey? \" Vixie asked her, humming alittle tune herself. \" Yeah, I guess I was...\" Foxy mumbled, embarrassed that she was caught singing by her mother, she then quickly picked up where she left off. \" Anyways, tell me about the time how you almost went feral, You didn't finish telling me the rest of the story! Come on, start from the beginning, tell me everything! \" she called back from the second chapter. Vixie bit down on her burger as she thought back to the time when she was her daughter's age... Oakey Oaks Middle School, 1977. Vixie Vixen was playing dodge ball with her friend, Chrystal Ragamuffins. the two of them were placed in the unpopular team as usual while the popular team got pick the good players, Not that Vixie minded anyway, as long as she got to destroy her targets on the battlefield and that Chrystal was by her side, she didn't need to worry about what team she was on. \" Chrystal, do you remember the plan we talked about yesterday? \" Vixie asked her. \" Kind of, I was studying for the math quiz last night , so I vaguely remember Vixie, \" Chrystal told her meekly as her bushy tail rotated in circles and she tapped the tips of her paws timidly. \" It's alright Chrystal, no need to be timid. just follow my lead! \" Vixie patted her friend on the back and dodged a ball heading straight for her and Chrystal, she heard the other teammates bemoaning the fact that she dodged their surprise attack. \" You got lucky that time Vixie! \" Buck Cluck shouted from afar, right beside him was Chloe Hen, his teammate and secret crush. \" Yeah, So? Let's see you try that again, Egg Omelet! \" Vixie taunted as she quickly grabbed a ball and ran back to Chrystal, the two girls quickly dodged a hurricane of red dodge balls and ran to the other side on the gym. \" Okay, Chrystal, you go to the right and try to flank 'em, I'll focus on Fowl Wrap over there! \" Vixie ordered. \" I'll try to my best, Vixie! \" Chrystal meowed as she gently squeezed her ball and went to execute her part of the plan as fast as her little cat-feet could take her, Her bushy tail flying in the wind as she ran. Vixie stared down at Buck, with her hand on a ball and ready to strike down her opponent. almost like a standoff in an old western movie she saw on television. her fingers twitched, her tail flicked, her eyes narrowed and she licked her lips. She held the ball to her chest and waited for Buck to make his move. The rest of the class watched in anticipation as the four remaining players stood in front of the middle line, Chloe was behind Buck and Chrystal stood beside Vixie, Buck then quickly threw his ball towards the fox and cat. Vixie spun around to dodge the chicken's attack and fired her ball, she hit her intended target right his stomach. \" Oof ! \" Buck fell over on his back and Chloe went to comfort him, The Coach whistled for a time-out and went over to assist Buck back onto his feet. \" Are you okay there, Buck? \" He asked him. \" Yeah, I'm okay Coach. \" Buck assured The Coach, he then lifted himself back up on his feet and got back to middle of the gym. Vixie in the meantime batted her ball between her hands as she waited for Buck to return the match, before he could do so however, the bell rang, signaling that it was time to go to the next class. \" Awwwww! \" the entire class groaned. \" Alright Class, We'll pick up where we left off tomorrow okay? \" he told them as he gathered the dodge balls while the class left. \" Well that was anti climatic! \" Vixie fumed while she walked along with Chrystal to get to her next class, She was really looking forward to wiping the gym floor with Buck and Chloe. \" Stupid Bell, why do you got to ruin everyone's fun, Huh? \" Chrystal cleared her throat and did an evil laugh, \" Muhahah! Because I'm good at sabotaging everybody's fun! \" she said evilly. \" That...was surprisingly pretty good, you should join the drama club or something Chrystal, \" Vixie commented. \" Thanks Vixie, but I don't know...\" Chrystal mumbled. \" I really don't think I could face a crowd of people or anything like that...\" she wrapped her tail around herself, sucking her thumb alittle. Vixie carefully unwrapped her friend's tail and held her hands with hers, \" Yes you can, I know you can Now, let's get to class \" Chrystal blushed a little and she quickly took her hands away from Vixie's. \" Uh...Thanks, Vixie...you know for a bully, you're awfully nice to me...how come you never pick on me? \" She asked her, \" N-n-not that I want you to or anything! \" She stammered. \" It's because you're my friend Chrystal, I would never pick on you, Even if I was joking around. Because I know that you're sensitive to that sort of a thing. \" Vixie explained as she place her arm around her friend, making her blush again. \" Well, that's pretty sweet of you Vixie! \" Chrystal purred contently. Present day, \" Mom, It's nice that you care for your best friend and all, but your story is getting a little boring...and abit gay.\" Foxy rudely interrupted, much to her mother's anger and disapproval. \" Would you like a spanking and an time out when we get home? \" Vixie growled at Foxy. \" Um...no, I'm sorry mom..\" Foxy apologized, nearly wetting herself because of her mother's death stare. \" Good, now back to my story! \" Vixie cheerfully resumed while Foxy played with her toy spaceship nervously. Vixie and Chrystal entered the class room and sat down at their desks, \" So, what do you think Mr Familiaris has for us today? \" she asked Chrystal, who rummaged through her satchel for something. \" I really don't know Vix, \" She told her. the rest of the class entered the room along with the teacher, who was a snow leopard. \" Hello, Class! I'm Arctic Snows, and I'll be substituting for Mr Familaris for today, I hope we'll get along great! \" She told them. When the class finally found their seats, it was time for the lesson to begin. The substitute started writing on the board while they talked amongst each other. Vixie pulled out her drawing book and started to doodle while Chrystal opened her English textbook and started reading. Vixie sniffed the air nonchalantly before picking up an unusual scent, it smelled wonderful to her senses and her eyes followed her nose to see another student accidentally cutting his finger open with his worksheet. Suddenly, Vixie's eyes widened and she licked her lips hungrily, Chrystal glanced over to see Vixie salivating all over her desk like a waterfall. Wondering to herself to what was going on, She snapped her fingers in front of Vixie's face to get her attention, to which the feral fox snapped her jaws at her, accidentally biting Chrystal's arm in doing so. Chrystal's screams of pain got the attention of every one in the classroom, Causing Vixie to snap out of her trance. Ms Snows marched over to see what she was screaming about. As she was about to question the two, she slipped on Vixie's drool and fell on her rear, Making Chrystal laugh between sobs. Vixie was feeling regretful as she watched Chrystal crying her eyes out, She got up from her desk and ran out of the room before Ms Snows could question her, Vixie then ran out of the school to get to her house. She finally arrived to it and, not wanting to face her mother and father, climbed over the fence and scaled the chimney and slipped into her bedroom, Vixie then went over her bedroom door and locked it, she then went over to her bed and sobbed herself to sleep. \" So, then what happened? \" Foxy asked her mother, who gloomily stared at her cup of soda. \" Well, my parents came home and I greeted them at the door, as my father was putting his coat on the rack, the telephone rang and he went and answered it. It was the principal, he told my father what happened between me and Chrystal and me running away from school. Then my parents scolded me and told me to apologize to Chrystal, but I just couldn't face her. \" Vixie explained. \" I needed some time to reflect on what I have done...\" she took a sip of her drink before she continued, \" The next day, my mother took me to the doctor to see what was wrong with me...\" Vixie's mother, Martha. took her to see the doctor about her condition, the two of them waited in line to see their regular doctor. \" Are you feeling okay Vixie? \" her mother asked, concerned about her well-being. Vixie nodded and she went to find a spot to sit in, she found two vacant chairs and sat on one of them. Vixie hummed to herself as she waited. Martha went over to her daughter and sat beside her, \" The doctor is going to see us shortly, \" she told her. \" It just befuddles me as to why you would do such a thing? \" Vixie placed her face in her hands. \" I didn't do it on purpose Mother, it just happened! \" she shouted. the other patients looked toward Vixie at her out burst. She then bundled herself further into her jacket to hide her face in shame. Martha gently stroked her daughter's hair to comfort her, \" I know that dear, I'm just speculating is all.\" She then wrapped her bushy tail around Vixie. Vixie instinctively snuggled into the warmth of her mother's tail, it was nice and soft to the touch, she sniffed it's scent, it smelt of lavender and cheese...oh wait that was her. The nurse called out for Martha and Vixie, \" the doctor will see you now! \" she said to them. the two foxes then went down the hall and into the doctor's office, Vixie went over to the patient's bed and sat down while Martha sat across from her in a tiny chair, her big butt barley fitting inside of it. After another long wait, the doctor finally arrived, he was chubby looking rooster with a psychedelic tie and some round bi-focals, unlike their other doctor, who was an handsome and slim otter. Well...to Vixie he was. \" Okay Mrs Vixen, what are we seeing Vixie for today, Hmm? \" He asked Martha. \" Well, you see doctor, we just don't know how it happened exactly..but Vixie...well she bit her friend on her arm and she doesn't know why she'd done it. \" Martha explained to the doctor, as he proceeded to check Vixie's ears and mouth. Vixie sniffed the doctor's arm and licked her lips hungrily, her pupils dilated and her jaws were at the ready. Suddenly, she jumped onto the doctor and tried to bite him, Startling him. \" Ghaha! get off me you little hellion! \" The Doctor yelled. With some quick thinking, Martha pulled her struggling feral kit off of the doctor and held her close. \" I'm so sorry Doctor Booster, I don't know what's gotten into her! \" She apologized. \" You better keep your little brat on a leash from now on! \" Dr Booster scolded, much to Martha's instant anger. \" Don't you dare call my daughter a brat! she didn't mean to do it! \" She yelled back at him. \" Get out of my office, now! \" Booster ordered. Martha begrudgingly complied, but not before decking the doctor in the groin, causing him to involuntary crow and making Vixie giggle alittle. \" Good day Sir! \" Martha said as sweetly as she could as she and Vixie left the clinic, while the doctor complained about his hurting golden eggs... \" Hahahahaha! that was pretty funny! \" Foxy laughed as she and Vixie left the restaurant, walking towards their battered, faded- green car. \" So then what happened? Did you ever get help? \" Foxy asked as she opened her door. \" Well, Yes and No,...your grandmother went to apologize and Doctor Booster had her arrested for assault, She was in jail for two weeks and after she was released, she was then put on probation. but it was worth it seeing that jerk doctor getting kicked in the balls! \" Vixie laughed. \" Even though it was my fault for attacking him, But still! \" She then tried to start the car but it wouldn't start. \" Damn, must be the starter again, Foxy? do mind scooting over and pump the accelerator for me, please? \" Vixie asked. Foxy moved to the driver's seat and did what she was asked, turning the key and pumping the accelerator at the same time, until finally, the car roared back to life. \" That's better, Attagirl! \" Vixie congratulated her daughter on her good work. \" Now, all we is some oil, Foxy, can you get the oil container and that big picture of your dad out? \" she asked as she unscrewed the oil cap. \" Sure! \" Foxy got out and opened the hatch, she picked up the plastic oil container and carried it over to her mother. Then she went back and dug in the glove box, she took out an oil-stained picture of her father, his grinning face still shining through the years of neglect from the oil. She wondered what happened between her mother and father that caused them to split up, every time she asked her mother, she would just brush it off and change the topic, saying that, \" she's too young to know that sort of stuff! \" It reminded her alot of what happened between her and Runt-of-The-Litter. Snapping out of her thoughts, Foxy hurried over to Vixie and handed her the photograph, who took it and carefully poured some of the oil into the filter. \" Mom? how come we don't use the funnel? how come you use Dad's picture instead? \" She asked her mother, who snorted in frustration and without warning, ripped up the photograph and took the oil container and placed it in the back, and then slammed the hatch shut. \" I don't want to talk about your father. Foxy, just drop it! \" she spat, much to Foxy's increasing anger. \" Just Tell Me! \" Foxy yelled out. there was silence between them, neither of them moved or said anything, their teary faces said more than words ever could. the only sound was the cold wind blowing, the idling and rattling engine from the car and Foxy's sniffling. Vixie quietly motioned for her daughter to get into the car and went and closed the hood, She then got in and closed the door behind her and switched the gears into reverse. The car then violently jolted backward and slammed into the building, knocking the space cow statue on top loose from it's rusted and corroded bindings. As the statue moved back and forth, Vixie slammed on the gas and burned out of the parking lot, clearing out just in time for the statue to come crashing down. Scaring the remaining workers inside half to death. Vixie stared at the damage she inadvertently caused wide-eyed and abit shaken, she then switched gears to drive and sped off, the car back-firing all the way. After driving a few blocks, Vixie pulled the car over in front of a boarded up diner, she turned the engine off and looked at her weeping kit. \" I'm sorry, Foxy...what happened between me and your dad is not your fault, He was being unfaithful and I did what needed to be done. I'm sorry it turned out this way,... I hope you'll understand..\" Vixie said somberly. Foxy looked up at her mother and dried her tears, her mouth formed a small smile, her adorable braces and bright-orange eyes shined in the darkness from the yellow street light above the car's cracked windshield. \" Thank you mom, for finally telling me about Dad...I appreciate it. \" Foxy said as she scooted closer to Vixie, who pulled her daughter close and kissed her on the head. \" See that diner in front of us? that's where your grandma and grandpa use to take me to eat, it was called Dottie's Sheep Pen and it closed down back in '98, Your father and me had our first date here as well. \" she explained. \" Maybe one of these days, I'll buy the place and maybe, you can have your first here as well! \" Vixie smirked knowingly at an flustered Foxy, who tried to wiggle free from her mother's grasp, but to no avail. \" I'm only just teasing you Foxy! \" Vixie giggled, \" No need to get embarrassed. \" She then tried to start the car back up, but it once again wouldn't. \" *sigh* Remind me not to drive this hunk-of-junk to our trip to Zootopia next week, Okay dear? \" She said frustrated as she head butted the steering wheel and got out. \" You'll know what to do. \" Foxy simply nodded her head and got in the driver's seat and steered while her mother pushed the car backwards from the small parking lot, her mother then got behind it and started to push it forwards to get it going. The car once again roared to life and quickly picked up speed, much to Vixie and Foxy's fears. \" Hold him steady Foxy! I'm coming! \" She shouted as she ran as fast as she could to catch up to the runaway hatchback. She jumped onto some cars parked along the street and bounced off a wall and landed on the roof, \" Foxy, hit the brakes! \" Foxy quickly pressed her foot on the brake, bringing the car to an abrupt stop...except for the flying fox that slammed comically into some news paper stands, dislodging them from their fittings. \" Mom! Are you okay? \" Foxy worryingly asked her dazed mother. \" I'm fine sweetie, Mommy's abit dizzy, but I'll be okay. \" Vixie sat on the curb and held her head in her hands, waiting for her mind and vision to get back into focus. \" Okay, we're good, now scoot over! \" Vixie told her daughter as she quickly got back in the car and drove off. After they finally arrived back home, Foxy helped Vixie to her bedroom, taking her shoes off and tucking her into bed. After this, She then turned off the light and closed the door behind her and turned off all the remaining lights in the house. Foxy then started her journey up the stairs to her bedroom to get ready for school, She brushed her teeth and picked out her clothes, packed her backpack, and finally snuggled into bed. She turned off her bedroom lamp and went to sleep, Hoping that tomorrow would be better...[Chapter 4] The next morning, Foxy awoke to the beautiful sounds of birds, to which she then threw a book at. \" Shut-up you stupid birds, you always annoy me in the morning! \" she yelled as she slammed her window shut and changed out of her pajamas, she then gathered her school supplies and headed downstairs to wake up her mother to make her breakfast. She arrived to Vixie's bedroom and opened the door, She quietly tip-toed across the floor to the side of the bed and got ready to pounce, she then made a troll-face and pounced on Vixie, startling her awake. \" Ahh! Foxy, don't scare me like that! \" she shrieked, ears folded back and tails wrapped around her in fright. \" Got cha didn't I? \" Foxy smiled at the fact that her devious plan worked. Vixie ran her hand trough her hair and pushed the covers off of herself, she then checked her watch and nodded her head tiredly. \" Yes you did, you little stinker! \" she pinched Foxy's nose as she said this. \"And We still got time for breakfast before I'll drop you off and go to work, that's good at least. \" she then yawned and stretched and got out of her bed, gently moving Foxy out of her way...only to pick her up and start cuddling the hell out of her. \" Mom, quit it! I'm not a baby anymore! \" Foxy barked, her tail flicking with irritation. \" Well, you've turned 15, a couple weeks ago... But, you're still my baby girl whether you like it or not, So there! \" Vixie stuck her tongue out playfully, adding more to her daughter's rising irritation. She then rustled Foxy's hair and went to her dresser to find a change of clothes, she then started to undress in front of Foxy, who then wondered what direction this story was heading and why she was thinking about her mother's fluffy tail swaying in her face...She tried to shake away those invading thoughts, but to no avail. Feeling uncomfortable being in the same room with her mother just now, Foxy quickly and awkwardly left to the kitchen. Vixie turned around and wondered where her daughter went. Shrugging it off and guessing that she went into the kitchen, she then went into the bathroom take a shower. Foxy sat at the table twiddling her thumbs, her mind filling with inappropriate questions to ask her mother about. she placed her backpack on her lap and dug though it, hoping to find a book to read to take her mind off of those questions and to avoid another awkward conversation, after finding one she'll enjoy, Foxy placed her backpack beside her chair and started to read. After her shower, Vixie came into the kitchen and turned on the stove, She then went over to the coat hooks and got her apron down from it. Vixie then went over to the cabinets and opened them, \" Say, Foxy? do you want any pancakes? \" She asked her daughter before glancing inside to see that they had no pancake mix, \" Okay, scratch that, how about some sausage and eggs...wait a sec...\" she thought for a minute before Foxy spoke up... \" Cereal would be fine, Mom. \" \" Okay, Cereal it is then, My little Pumpkin! \" Vixie giggled at her little joke, Foxy just rolled her eyes and went back to reading. After getting the cereal from the cabinet, Vixie got two spoons and bowls for her and Foxy and sat down at the table, Gently tapping Foxy's book with her bowl to get her attention. Foxy set her book down and took her bowl, pouring the cereal into it. \" Darnit, I forgot the most important ingredient! \" Vixie scolded herself as she got up to get the milk out of the fridge, She unscrewed the cap off of the jug and sniffed the contents, to make sure the milk was still fresh. After doing so, She first poured some milk into Foxy's bowl and some into her own. the two of them ate their cereal in silence, which she broke by asking her daughter a question. \" So...mind telling me why you left out of my room in such a hurry? \" Foxy stopped eating and looked away from her mother in shame, She really did not want answer the question... \" Go ahead honey, I won't be mad at cha, promise! \" Vixie gently coaxed. \" Well, it's...B-b-b-b because...Isawyounaked! \" she said quickly, covering her blushing face to hide from her mother's angry reaction...only for Vixie to start bursting out with laughter. \" Ha-ha-ha-hahah! Oh Foxy! There's nothing, *snicker * to be ashamed of! \" she howled, pounding her fist on the table in hysterics, much to Foxy's bewilderment. \" Uhh...mom? you okay? \" she asked her mother. \" He-hee-he. Yes, honey, I'm fine *sniff * Oh my god, that was so funny! why would you'd think that I would get mad at you for that? * snort * It's perfectly natural to see your mother naked, Now if you were a boy, That would be a completely different story. but with you, It's fine...oh wait. \" Vixie thought. Foxy's still-blushing face formed a smile as she started to giggle along with her mother, the room fell silent again as the vixen and her kit went back to eating their cereal. \" So...what cha going to say to Chicken Little? \" Vixie pestered. \" What do you want me to say? Sorry to him? I don't know-wait a minute, Is this about your odd obsession with me getting together with Chicken Little? \" Foxy figured. \" Well...yes and no, \" Vixie admitted. \" Oh my god...\" Foxy face-palmed. \" I don't like him that way Mother, just drop it! \" \" Don't you get sore at me young missy, and I'm sorry sweetie. \" Vixie apologized. Finishing up her cereal, Vixie checked her watch and her eyes widened, \" Damn! I almost forgot, I've got to drop you off at school! it's almost 10:00! \" she got up from her chair quickly and grabbed her coat, with Foxy stuffing her stuff into her backpack as quickly as possible, the two of them rushing out the door. leaving their bowls of cereal on the table. Vixie closed the front door and locked it as quickly as she could, ushering Foxy to the car afterwards, much to her annoyance at being rushed. \" I'm going, I'm going Mom, Geez! \" she muttered. \" I just don't want you to be late is all sweetie, besides, I want to avoid another lecture from Principal Fetchit. \" Vixie stated as she closed the passenger door behind Foxy, She got into the car and started it. While the drive to the school was a rather quick one, Foxy's thought's were slower, She feared that she'll attack again and she'll be exiled over something she couldn't control. hopefully this Feral-fight would do the trick of curing her of this madness... Before she could go any further with her depressing mindset however, Vixie tapped her on the shoulder to get her attention. \" We're here, Now give your mommy a hug sweetie! \" She hugged Foxy and kissed her on the forehead, much to her daughter's embarrassment. \" Mom! you're embarrassing me in front of everyone! \" Foxy protested as she wiped her forehead. \" Oh now hush, and try to have a good day at school okay? \" Vixie then kissed Foxy on the cheek, leaving a purple lipstick mark. Foxy rubbed her cheek as she got out of the car, hiding her embarrassment from of the rest of the students hanging outside. \" Oh, before I forget, I'll try to bring your medicine by after I pick it up from the pharmacy! Oh! and say hello to your boyfriend for me! \" She teased. \" Mom, will you just go already? \" Foxy shouted at her. \" Okay okay, fine, Little Miss Grumpy! \" Vixie mimicked as she put her car into gear and drove off. Foxy watched her mother as she left down the road, she hoisted her backpack up onto her shoulders and slowly walked up to the school. \" Today is going to suck! \" she muttered to herself. Foxy found a bench beside the playground and sat on it, thinking to herself to what would happen if she set foot behind those doors... \" Hey, mind if I'd sit here? \" a voice called out to the bully, interrupting her angst. \" It's free country, so why not? \" Foxy told the stranger. but after a quick glance, she noticed that it was her favorite victim, Chicken Little. \" What's up Chicken Sandwich? \" she greeted nonchalantly, much to Little's chagrin. \" What's with you and your strange nicknames for me and my friends? \" he asked her as he sat down on the bench beside her. \" No reason, I just find it ...funny. \" Foxy answered, her tail flicking against Chicken's side as she grinned at him. Feeling unnerved by this, Chicken Little scooted a inch away from Foxy, only for her pull him close to her in an friendly predator-like way. \" Oh-kay? anyways, you're awfully laid-back despite you attacking me yesterday, and your mom and my dad arguing at the clinic, What's going on here Foxy? I really want to know. \" he asked Foxy. \" I don't know, okay? it's been a weird week with me lately, especially with me talking to you about this! \" she fumed. \" *sigh* It's really complicated, alright? \" \" Hmm, I understand...kind of.., usually you're trying to intimidate me into giving you my lunch-money or throwing dodgeballs at Abby, It's actually nice to talk to you for a change. \" Chicken Little told her while twiddling his feathery thumbs. \" Is that so? Well, don't expect it to last pal, I'll be back into the swing of things eventually, just you wait! Now, in speaking of Abby, are you and her still a thing? \" Foxy asked him curiously. Taken aback by this question, Chicken Little answered. \" Well, yeah. obviously you and Runt aren't. what happened to that by the way? \" Foxy scoffed at this and fixed her hair into her trademark ponytail, \" I was brain-washed, remember? That friend of yours was being a creep, and I hated that stupid cheery southern accent! \" she gritted her teeth at the memories of her frolicking around the school with Runt by her side. \" Funny enough, my mom asked me the same thing last night! \" \" I see, It was cute while it lasted though, Anyways, why'd you ask if me and Abby are still together? \" Little asked Foxy. Foxy stared at her prey wide-eyed and defensive, \" N-n-n-no reason, I-i-i-i was just asking is all...\" she drummed her fingers together nervously while trying not to blush. \" Relax Foxy, I really don't mind. \" Chicken Little chuckled as he started to leave, but not before patting Foxy on the back in sympathy. \" I hope you'll find a cure for what ever this is that's bothering you, Foxy...as much as I hate to say this, * sigh * but we need our old Foxy back! \" and then he walked away, with Foxy watching him leave...before shaking her head and chastising herself for checking out his tush. \" Hey, Chicken Little? If your friends ask, we never spoke to each other, Got it? \" she sternly added. \" Sure thing, Foxy. \" Chicken Little told Foxy as he entered the school. After this, Foxy leaned forward and twiddled her thumbs until she decided it was time to head in, She grabbed her backpack and went up the steps of the school, stopping at the doors. Taking a few deep breaths, she opened them and stepped into the main hallway and went down to Mr Woolensworth's classroom. Upon arriving, Foxy Loxy was greeted by Mr Woolensworth and the fearful stares of her peers. \" Good morning, Foxy Loxy! you're a little late, but at least you're here, that's all that matters. And Class, please stop staring and get out your books for today's lesson! \" he scolded the class. Foxy cautiously walked infront the desks of staring students and sat down at her desk, feeling watched, she looked to her left and growled. \" Do I have something in my braces? No? THEN STOP STARING AT ME! \" she shouted, scaring Mr Woolensworth out of his wits. \" My word! Foxy, behave yourself! and what did I just- \" he was interrupted by a knock on the door. \" Yes? who is it? I'm in middle of scolding my students. \" the door opened and in stepped Principal Fetchit. \" I'm sorry to interrupt Mr Woolensworth, but can I borrow Foxy Loxy for a while? \" the canine asked him. \" She just now arrived, but I guess you could have her for a bit...\" Mr Woolensworth sighed, upset that his day was going down the crapper by the minute. \" Foxy? could you come with me please? \" Principal Fetchit called to her. Foxy got up from her chair and grabbed her backpack, relieved that she was called away from the seemingly hostile environment. Runt of the litter tried to get her attention by waving, only for Foxy to flip him off as she left the room. Much to his disappointment. Both witnessing this rude display, Mr Woolensworth rolled his eyes and Principal Fetch shook his head disappointingly. \" Really Foxy? \" he said to the rude vixen. \" I'll let you get back to class, Woolensworth. \" \" Indeed. now class, as I was saying - \" Mr Woolensworth started to say after the principal closed the door and started walking with the little hellion. \" Yes Really, he's creepy and I hate him! \" Foxy sneered, slinging her backpack over her shoulder. \" Well, that doesn't give you the right to be rude to him, We're all friends here Foxy, let's try to be civil and keep it that way. Okay? \" he reprimanded. Foxy rolled her eyes and nodded her head begrudgingly. \" Fine, what do you want? \" She spat. \" First, lose the attitude, Second, I want to talk about your ordeal from yesterday. \" Principal Fetchit explained. \" Okay, shoot! \" Foxy told him so she could hear what he had to say. \" Well, after thinking about your feral episode and the attack on a student- \" Principal Fetchit started to say, before the fox interrupted him. \" Chicken Little. \" Foxy corrected him. \" Yes, him. We're not allowed to use student's names, by the way \" the Principal explained to her. \" How come, there's no one else here! \" Foxy pointed out, only for a poodle to step out of the shadows, she was wearing a blue suit and a pleated skirt with dark red thigh highs. \" Hello Foxy, my name is Poodle Noodle. I'm with Feral Fight, the pharmaceutical company. \" She introduced herself. \" What do you want? \" Foxy asked rudely. \" Well, I've heard about your condition and I want to help you. \" Poodle explained to her, jotting something down in her clipboard. \" Then why did you pop out of nowhere? \" Foxy questioned. \" I was using the ladies room, Anyways, There's a place you could go to cure your um...\" feralness \" Poodle explained. Foxy thought over her options before deciding her counter offer... \" You can shove it, Lady! \" With that, Foxy went back into Mr Woolensworth's class, leaving Principal Fetchit shaking his head at her attitude and Poodle Noodle wondering what her problem was.[Chapter 5] Foxy was sitting in her desk listening to Mr Woolensworth prattle on about the subject of Mutton, fighting the urge to fall asleep due to boredom. she quickly glanced at Chicken Little and saw his bandaged arm, the guilt settling in. Usually she'd prank him or shove him into his locker without a second thought, but now, she's feeling sorry for the little guy and his sweet tush- \" Keep focus here, Foxy! \" Foxy chastised herself as she turned her attention to Mr Woolensworth's lesson on the chalkboard, her eyes darting back and forth. \" Damn puberty...maybe that's why I'm going feral. \" Goosey Loosey waved to Foxy to get her attention. \" You okay? \" She honked quietly, still a little shaken by the ordeal from yesterday. \" Yeah, Goose, I'm fine. \" Foxy assured her. \" Let's talk after class, okay? \" getting back to working on her assignment, despite feeling like she was being glared at by Abby Mallard, She then snarled in response, making the duck leave her alone for now. After the bell rang, the students got up from their seats to go to their respective classes with Foxy and Goosey trailing behind. \" I'm just trying to hold it together Goose, I don't know what's happening to me... \" She told Goosey. \" Do you want to talk about it in private? \" She asked Foxy. \" Yeah, during lunch okay? \" Foxy then fist-pounded Goosey and started to head towards her locker to get her math books, only to over hear Abby talking about her. \" - Then she snarled at me, I swear, I just about had enough of that dumb fox and her little schemes! \" the duck vented to her friends. \" I do too, Abby. but provoking her is not going to fix anything! \" Chicken Little reasoned. \" Chicken, she bit you! I can't believe you're defending the little jerkwad! \" Abby pointed at and lifted his bandaged arm, causing him great pain. \" Sorry! \" she apologized. Foxy lost her temper and she went over and shoved Abby against her locker, caving the door in. \" As if I have any control over it! I can't help that I'm a predator, Ugly! \" She cried. \" Did Modern Mallard tell you that it's okay to talk crap about people behind their backs? I thought you were the most level-headed...\" Abby shoved the fox off of her and stood her ground. \" It's hard to when you bite my boyfriend for no reason! \" She spat. \" Abby, please! \" Chicken Little pleaded for his girlfriend to stop. Foxy shoved Abby against her locker again, knocking the battered door off it's hinges. \" I. Didn't. Mean. To! \" She gripped Abby's arms tightly, her claws drawing blood from puncturing them. She sniffed the air and smelled the blood on her hands, licking it of, Making Abby recoil in disgust. Foxy's eyes turned black and she licked her lips as she sniffed Abby, her nose catching her scent. \" Fff-Foxy...get away from me! \" she squirmed out of the feral fox's grip and tried to run away from her, slamming into a open locker door. Abby rubbed her head in pain as a student helped her up, apologizing for the incident. \" It's okay, I should've looked where I was going..\" She assured him. She looked down the hall and saw Foxy standing there, salivating on the floor and eyes full of hunger. Abby slowly backed away from the student, who quickly jumped into his locker in fear of the vixen. Foxy let out a vixen scream and tried to lunge at Abby, only for Principal Fetchit to intervene, tackling her to the ground. \" Foxy Loxy, restrain yourself! Remember who you are! \" He told her as she fought against his grip as he injected her with Feral Fight, sedating her. \" It's okay, Miss Mallard, head on to class. \" Abby nodded and darted out of the area and back to her friends, ignoring her bleeding arms. Vixie was working on a goat family's sedan when she got a call from Oakey Oaks Middle School. \" Yeah, hello?...Oh dear god. I'm heading over right away! \" She put the phone back on it's receiver and apologized to the family as she rushed to her car to pick up Foxy from school. Arriving at the school, she parked her car in the bus lane and got out and headed up the steps to the front doors, heading down the hall to Principal Fetchit's office. stopping when she saw Abby and her parents and Foxy curled up in a ball, shivering in fear. \" What happened? \" Vixie asked worryingly. \" Your little brat attacked my baby, Oilslick! \" Abby's mother insulted Vixie who looked down her dirty jumpsuit, which was covered in oil and antifreeze. \" I don't appreciate you insulting me or my child, But I'll talk to her. \" She assured Abby's mother, who scoffed in response. \" Ladies, please keep it civil. \" Principal Fetchit meditated. \" Foxy didn't mean to harm Abigail, She just has a condition. \" \" Yeah, being a vicious fox! \" Abby's mother spat, earning a death glare by Vixie. \" As I was saying, we think she might be going feral. \" Principal Fetchit explained. \" I've took Foxy to the doctor last night and he gave her a prescription for Feral Fight, It just hasn't come in yet. \" Vixie told Principal Fetchit and Abby's parents. Foxy uncurled herself and tapped her fingers nervously, She looked at Abby and guilt washed over her like has for this past week. She wondered if she and her mother should move out of Oakey Oaks for good, to make a new start for themselves. But knowing her mother and the difficulty finding work, she decided to drop the thought for now. \" I suggest taking Foxy out of school for the time being, Just until her feralness could be cured or tamed. \" Principal Fetchit suggested. \" But she's needs her education and I really can't afford to home-school her, I work during the day. \" Vixie told him. \" I'm sorry, Vixie. but if she keeps attacking students in her feral state, We're going to have to expel her from school. \" Principal Fetchit explained to her. \" * sigh * Fine, I understand. \" Vixie said in a defeated tone, she went over to Foxy and took her hand started to leave the office. Principal Fetchit stopped the two. \" I almost forgot, Feral-Fight came over today, They offered to help Foxy with her condition, Here's a brochure to think it over. \" Vixie took the brochure and read it, her face turning into disgruntlement. \" I don't trust this, they might do some weird experiments on her or harass me for money. \" She scoffed at the idea and tossed the brochure in the trash. Foxy and Vixie left the school and got into the car to think some more on the situation, She couldn't home school Foxy due to her busy work days and her workplace doesn't allow family members to hang around. \" I'm at a loss here, Honey. \" She told Foxy. \" Same here, mom...I didn't mean to attack Chicken and Abby, It's just the smell of blood. \" She explained to her mother. \" It's difficult to ignore it, the taste of it, you know? It's driving me crazy! \" \" We'll think of something, sweetie. I'm going to try to convince my boss to let me have weekends off, so that I could spent some time with you and help you through this, I promise. \" Vixie kissed Foxy on the forehead and started the car, driving out to head home, with Foxy nodding off to sleep.[Chapter 6] After arriving home, Vixie carried a snoring Foxy up the stairs and placed her gently on the bed, kissing her goodnight. She then closed the bedroom door quietly and headed down to the kitchen table to sit and think. \" My daughter's going feral and I'm at a fork on the road...\" She told herself, burying her face in her hands, her ears folded back, tail limply moving. Foxy tossed and turned in her sleep, due to her occurring nightmare. She dreamed that she and her mother were being chased by an angry mob due to something she'd done, but she couldn't figure out what it was. After she tripped in the dream, the angry mob quickly closed in on her and Vixie, tying them both up onto stakes and setting them on fire. She then woke up screaming, clutching her sheets in terror and jumping when Vixie rushed into her room. \" Foxy, Are you alright? did you have a nightmare? \" she asked worryingly, hoping that nobody broke into her daughter's room. \" I dreamed that an angry mob was after us, I was so scared Mom! \" Foxy sobbed. Vixie climbed into the bed with Foxy and held her close to comfort her. \" I'll sleep here with you tonight, just in case it comes back, is that okay, Sweetie? \" She asked Foxy, who nodded yes, her tear streaked face looking up at her. Vixie pulled out some tissues and wiped Foxy's face clean, tossing them in the trash afterwards. \" I won't let anyone hurt my little girl, not while I'm still here! I promise you that, dear. \" She told her. Foxy smiled and buried her face into her mother's buxom chest, not caring that her mother's leather jacket felt rough against her face. Vixie tussled Foxy's hair and turned off the bedroom lamp on the nightstand, snuggling into bed and drifted off to sleep, not minding that Foxy already drooled all over her chest. The Next Morning. Foxy woke up and carefully moved out of Vixie's embrace, crawling out of bed and heading out of her room to take a shower and brush her teeth. \" One little slip~ \" She sang to herself as she washed her hair and fur, along with her tail. After that was done, Foxy dried herself off and got dressed into her shirt and overalls, brushing her teeth afterwards. She then made her way back to her room to wake up Vixie for her to start her day as well. \" Hey, Mom. wake up, It's morning! \" She told her, shaking her gently. Stirring in her sleep, Vixie growled and swatted Foxy's hand away, mumbling something about Buck Cluck. An idea forming in her head, Foxy smirked evilly and shook her mother again to wake her up with a prank. \" Oh mom, Mr Cluck's at the door, I wouldn't want to keep him waiting. \" She whispered in Vixie's ear, who jolted up and ran into the bathroom to freshen up, with Foxy resisting the urge to burst out laughing and ruining her prank. Watching Vixie exit the bathroom, Foxy followed her as she made her way down stairs to answer the door, grinning ear to ear. \" Why Hello Buck, what brings- Wha? \" Vixie said in confusion as she stared at the empty walkway in front of her, her cheery mood quickly fading to slightly miffed. \" Foxy? this because of me pairing you and Chicken Little, isn't? \" She guessed. Foxy smirked and nodded her head, snapping her finger. \" Yeah, and now we're even! \" \" And now you're grounded Little Missy, You smell nice by the way. \" Vixie commented, digging into the cabinets for some cereal. \" You too. \" Foxy complimented back, happy that her prank went with out a hitch. Setting the cereal, milk, and bowls on the table, Vixie poured them and gave a bowl to Foxy, who thanked her and dug in. \" So, what do you wanna do today? \" She asked her mother. \" Well, I've got work today and you got kicked out of school for that condition you've got, Maybe we'll go to the mall after I get off of work, Are you going to be okay by yourself? \" Vixie asked, unsure if she should leave Foxy by herself. \" Yeah, I'll be fine, Is it okay if Goosey comes over? \" She asked Vixie. \" If her mother allows it, Foxy. I'll give her a call \" She got up and went over to the kitchen phone, dialing Goosey's house number and waited for answer on the other line. \" Hello, Mrs Loosey? This is Vixie Dixie, I was wondering if Goosey could come over an-...Okay? bye to you too...Bitch. \" She rolled her eyes as Goosey's mother hung up on her. \" Word travels fast, Foxy. I'm guessing Goosey's mother don't want her hanging out with you...I'm so sorry, honey. \" She apologized. \" It's fine mom, It's fine. \" Foxy sniffled, tears rolling down her cheek. \" Hey, I'll check up on you during my lunchbreak okay? \" Vixie kissed Foxy on the cheek and got her jumpsuit out of the closet. \" I've got to go to work now, Make sure to lock the door after I leave, okay? ...And don't sneak out while I'm gone!\" She warned, knowing that Foxy will do just that. \" Okay mom...\" Foxy let out a depressed sigh. \" Try to cheer up honey, I hate seeing you like this...don't give up now. \" With that, Vixie got her purse and waved goodbye to Foxy, closing the door behind her. Watching her mother leave out of the kitchen window, Foxy finished her and Vixie's cereal and dumped the bowls and spoons in the sink. Making her way up the stairs, She closed her bedroom door behind her and plopped down on her bed, crying herself to sleep. Hours later, Foxy sulkily got up from her bed to use the restroom and dry her face, Until a idea popped into her head. Sure, she'll lose her mother's trust if she did this, but she wanted to see Goosey. Feral or not, she's still her bestfriend. With renewed pep in her step, Foxy got out of the bathroom and grabbed her backpack and stuffed it with her baseball and bat, snacks from the fridge and cabinet, and a Chicken Little plush...that may have been the reason why her mother was making fun of her and her strange feelings for the little dweeb. \" When me and mom do a garage sale, You're the first thing that's going! \" She threatened the doll, flipping it off and punching it against the wall. Opening one of her bedroom windows, Foxy strapped on her backpack and carefully crawled out the window, making sure to close it with her free hand. Using her weight to her advantage, Foxy let go of the window sill and jumped down to the bushes below, landing on her feet and almost twisted her ankle after the fall. \" If Goosey's not allowed to hang with me, then I'm going to her! \" Foxy popped her neck and ankles and started her stealth mission to infiltrate Goosey's house.[Chapter 7] Foxy made her way across the neighborhood to Goosey's house, jumping fences to avoid being seen by her mother, just in case she'd happened to drive by. Sneaking behind some trees in people's backyards, Foxy jumped over one more fence until she found Goosey's house, it was a large two story egg-shaped house sitting on an straw foundation with a red picket fence in front. Checking her surroundings, Foxy snuck across the street and hid behind the fence to avoid being seen by Goosey's mother. Gathering some rocks, she went to work trying to get Goosey's attention by tossing them at her window, the goose finally answering with an annoyed look on her face. \" Hey Foxy,...what are you doing here? \" She whispered to Foxy. \" I just wanted to hang out...and maybe clear some things up on what's happening to me. \" Foxy explained to Goosey, who gestured for Foxy to come around to the backyard, closing the window afterwards. Stealthily climbing over the picket fence, Foxy rushed into the backyard and met up with Goosey, who was climbing a ladder to her tree house. with the fox-gal following her up. Goosey pulled out some soda pop cans from her hoodie and gave one to Foxy, who opened it and took a sip. \" Thanks, Goose. I had another episode yesterday, I guess you heard about it... \" She tried to explain. \" Yeah...what do you think it is? \" Goosey asked her. \" I think I'm going feral because of the smell of blood, something about it makes something click inside my head.\" Foxy told her. \" Ever hear of something like that happening before? \" Tapping the side of her head, Goosey suddenly recalled a story she heard on the news a couple years ago. \" On the TV, there was a story from a place called Maple Town that a fox went crazy and ate one of her friends, that's all I remember though. \" She said to Foxy, who curled herself into a ball. \" You'd think that it'll happen to me? \" She asked Goosey, more fearful of her condition. Goosey sat beside Foxy and stretched her left arm around her to comfort her. \" I really don't know, Foxy...maybe it's just a phase or something? \" She theorized. \" That's really helpful, Goosey. \" Foxy snarked. \" Sorry, it's all I can really think of. \" Goosey told her. Foxy let out an depressing sigh and rested her chin in her hands in thought. \" If it does, stick me in my locker will ya? \" She joked half-serious. Goosey chuckled a little at Foxy's little joke, the fear of it actually happening showing on her face, her feathers rising on her neck. \" I'll do that, Foxy. \" She told her. \" I'm sorry I didn't talk to you yesterday, I didn't want you to think I stood you up or forgot. \" Foxy apologized. \" It's okay, you've had alot going on. \" Goosey assured her. Foxy smiled and hugged her friend tight, tears flowing from her eyes. \" Thanks, Goose, for listening to me. maybe it's not so hopeless after all, maybe there is a cure for my feralness. \" She told her, wiping her eyes. \" I just have to find it and not relay on this Feral Fight junk! \" \" Do you know where to even look? \" Goosey asked. \" No, not really...but it's an start! \" Foxy said. \" If your mother asks we never talked. \" As if on que, Goosey's mother appeared in the doorway of the treehouse, staring at the vixen disdainfully. \" Oh- Ummm, Hi Mrs Loosey! \" She greeted politely and waved. Goosey's mother said nothing and pointed behind herself to get Foxy to leave. \" Please don't tell my mom I was here, Please! \" She pleaded. Goosey's mother thought about her decision but decided to put her foot down. \" I'm sorry, Foxy. but you'd have to leave, you're just too dangerous for Goosey to be around. \" She said sternly, making Foxy slightly agitated. \" Fine, if that's the way it's going to be...I'm sorry Goosey. \" Foxy snarled and got up and jumped to the ground below and left, fighting back tears. \" Thanks, Mom. you just cost me my only friend, She can't help it if she's different! \" Goosey jumped out of the treehouse and went inside the house, leaving her mother feeling guilty. Foxy solemnly made her way home using the route she took, tears falling from her face and sobbing. Finally arriving to her house, she opened the window beside the door and climbed inside, trying not to precariously knock over the vase that was beside the window. Predictably, the vase tipped over when Foxy's knee slightly bumped into the table, Causing her to quickly grab it before it shattered on the floor. \" Whew, that's one accident avoided. No need to make my day even more crappier! \" She breathed a sigh of relief, placing the vase back on the table. Foxy closed the window and walked upstairs to her room, tossing her backpack down onto the floor and jumping into her bed. Turning her TV on, Foxy flipped through the channels to watch cartoons, not really feeling like playing video games at the moment. After finding the Disney Channel, she got up and went downstairs to fix herself a sandwich and get a glass of cola. After getting those, she went back to her room, slamming her door shut with her foot. Foxy munched on her sandwich as she watched the cartoon that was playing, it was about some dog and a rabbit stuck on an island, not that she'd care. it was just something that passed the time away. Hours Later... Vixie came home from work, holding bags of groceries and a bag from the pharmacy, calling out Foxy's name to assist her. \" Foxy, sweetie? I'm home! could you come down and help me? \" \" Coming, Mom! \" She heard Foxy from upstairs. She saw her slide down the banister and stopped in front of her. \" I got a call from Goosey's mother that you went over uninvited and after I told you not to leave this house, Mind telling me why? \" Vixie demanded, tapping her foot angrily. \" I just had to see her mom...I'm really sorry! \" Foxy apologized, but her mother shook her head disappointingly. \" Not going to work with me young lady, If you pull that crap again, I'm not ever letting you see Goosey, period. \" Vixie said sternly. \" Goosey's mom already took care of that for you...\" Foxy said truthfully, but coming across as being a smartass. \" Hey, knock that attitude off, Foxy Loxy! \" Vixie reprimanded. \" I know you're feeling ostracized in all this, but please try keep it toget-\" \" I\"M TIRED OF THIS MOM! \" Foxy shouted tearfully, startling her mother. \" I HATE BEING COOPED UP IN HERE ALL THE TIME! \" \" Foxy...calm down \" Vixie tearfully pleaded. \" I can't if I'm feeling like a outcast all the time...\" Foxy cried. Vixie hugged her daughter tight, running her hand trough her hair and cooing to calm her down, wiping the tears from her cheeks. \" Why don't we fix that with a trip to the Mall like I promised? besides we need to pick up your medication anyway. \" She suggested. \" Yeah, I would like that, Mom. \" Foxy agreed. \" It'll help me think. \"[Chapter 8] Foxy and Vixie parked the car at the mall, getting out and stretching their legs and muscles after the long ride. After that, they went inside and started to look around. Deciding on which store to visit, Foxy looked around and saw a store that sold video games and game merchandise. she looked up to Vixie, eyes widened with hope. \" Okay, you can go look, but come back, I'll be looking for a bra here. \" Vixie gave the go-ahead. \" I highly doubt anymore bras will survive your \" pups \" any longer, Mom! \" Foxy joked, earning a glare and a smirk from her mother. \" Just get going, Little Miss Smartass! \" Vixie blushed as a man stared at her cleavage as he walked by, giving him the bird in response. Using her bouncy-ball gait to her advantage, Foxy Loxy headed over to the store, which was called Games Emporium. It was a typical store which sold video games for a variety of game consoles, like the PreyHunter, LionzKage 3D, and the GameSphere 2.5-D. Ads and game trailers played on the tv screens throughout the store, Kids played on the game demo testers, and some kids screaming as they were dragged away by their fed-up parents. Nevertheless, Foxy looked around the many store shelves to see if any of the games would peak her interest, the stores employee's asking intrusively if she was finding anything okay, She nodded her head to get them to buzz off. Foxy was turning a corner to look at the other side of the display shelf when she bumped into someone. \" Hey! watch it bozo! \" She berated until she realized who'd she just bumped into when he stood back up. \" Sorry, Foxy! \" Chicken Little apologized, rubbing his sore arm, hoping that the stitches didn't open up when he fell. \" Hey, it was my fault...Don't sweat it, Chicken Butt! \" She blurted out. \" Chicken Butt?...what the? \" Chicken wondered to himself. \" So, how's your arm? \" Foxy quickly changed the subject before anyone could get any ideas about her and Chicken Little. \" It still hurts sometimes, kinda hard to play baseball with Dad or putting my arm around Abby when we're on a date. \" He told her, still rubbing his arm. The pangs of guilt settling back in, Foxy resisted the urge to break down crying in front of everyone in the store, So she quickly thought of an excuse to leave. \" Well, it was nice talking to you again Little, but I got to get back, or my mom would have a cow. I hope you'll get better! \" She then waved goodbye to Chicken Little and left the store. \" Thanks! that means a lot coming from you, Foxy! \" he called out to the fox-gal, who turned back briefly and nodded her head in agreement. Foxy made a bee-line back to the clothing store near the entrance to the mall, called Mallard's. She made her way past the Men's and Boy's section to get to the Women's section in search for her mother. She didn't have too long to look when she overheard the saleswoman ask for Vixie's bra size. \" 38-D \" she heard her mother behind the curtain to the changing room. Waiting until the saleswoman left, Foxy ducked inside with her mother. \" Hey, there honey. did you find something that you wanted? \" Vixie asked her as she checked herself in the mirror, pushing her bra up. \" No, I ran into Chicken Little while I was there. \" Foxy told her. \" Did you get his sweet digits? \" Vixie teased. \" NO. I literally ran into him at the store and he fell on his hurt arm. I got scared and ran here! \" Foxy huffed, not really in the mood to be teased. Vixie faced her daughter to apologize, sensing the seriousness in Foxy's voice. \" I'm sorry honey, I shouldn't joke like that...\" My Bad \" as you kids say this days! \" She chuckled afterwards. \" It's fine mom...I just wanna go home now...I'll wait in the car. \" Foxy then walked out of the dressing room and out of the mall. She sat on a bench overlooking the sprawling parking lot to think, wondering if her pain and misery would ever end. \" Hey, honey. Ready to go? \" Vixie asked, holding her newly purchased bras. \" Yeah...I'm sorry about ending our trip to the mall.\" Foxy apologized. \" Hey! no need to beat yourself up. We'll just go to the thrift store and if anyone bothers you because you're a predator, I kick their ass! \" Vixie emphasized as she tossed some punches in the air, Making her daughter chuckle, cheering her up. \" Thanks Mom! \" Foxy thanked, taking her mother's hand and walking with her back to the car. \" Besides, we need to go pick your prescription at the pharmacy, I keep forgetting with all this going on! \" Vixie reminded. \" Okay, Mom. Let's get to it then! \" Foxy agreed as she waited for her mother to unlock the car. Later that day.. \" No she didn't hurt me, Abby. it was an accident! \" Chicken Little explained to Abby over the phone, who was worried that Foxy might've attacked him again. \" I'm just looking out for you, Chicken Little, is all. \" She responded as she read an article in Modern Mallard. \" It says here in Modern Mallard that if a predator attacks someone, they're hauled off to some kind of facility in Zootopia. \" \" Why would they do a thing like that? instead of putting them in jail? \" Chicken Little wondered, appalled at such a thing. As much as Foxy bullied him and his friends, He hoped the same fate wouldn't befall her. \" Wait...your interested in the article because of what Foxy did, Isn't it? \" He then asked her. Abby scoffed at the accusation, \" No, I'm just telling you what I'm reading here, and why are you so concerned about her? Huh? do you like her or something? \" She then asked him. Chicken Little recoiled in horror. \" Ugh! No Abby, I don't like her that way! \" \" I'm just saying, I'm open to polyamory. \" Abby suggested, trying not to snicker. \" Abby...I love only you, you know that right? \" Chicken Little reminded her, feeling like he was in trouble for something he didn't do, knowing full well how that went down last time. \" Relax, Little! I'm just messing with you! \" Abby giggled. \" I love you too! \" \" Hehehe, real funny, Abby! \" Chicken Little awkwardly. \" You got me ! \" \" Well, I'm getting tired, wanna hang out tomorrow? \" Abby asked as she yawned. \" Yeah, I could clear up my schedule. \" Chicken Little joked. \" At what time? \" \" After school, we'll meet up then. See you on the DL, Cl! \" Abby bid him goodnight. \" Good night, Abby! \" Chicken Little responded, hanging up the housephone. jumping when he noticed Buck leaning against the railing. \" Ah! Dad, I didn't notice you were standing there! \" \" It's okay son, I was the same way with your mother when I was your age.. \" Buck assured his son. \" Except I was nervous about talking to her at the time. \" \" How did you get over it? \" Chicken Little asked him. \" Confidence, son. Confidence. \" Buck simply stated. \" I got enough of that, Dad. Thanks anyways, for the advice \" Chicken Little thanked, walking up to his room to rest up for tomorrow. After arriving back home from the thrift store, Vixie and Foxy parked the car into the garage and walked up to the front door, stopping to notice another one of those pamphlets from the Feral Fight Corporation. \" What the? I told them no, why is there a pamphlets here? \" She wondered to Foxy. \" Oh, I think you're figure it out, soon enough! \" A voice suddenly said behind them. Recognizing the voice, Foxy turned around and repeated her response. \" I thought I told you to shove it! \" \" Of course you did, Which why I did some digging and found out where you and your mother live. \" Poodle Noodle devilishly told them. \" What do you want from Foxy? \" Vixie demanded to know. \" We want to study her...see what makes her tick. \" Poodle Noodle told her. \" Now if you two could come with us...\" \" I'm not letting you take my daughter! \" Vixie refused, holding Foxy tight. \" Then you leave me no choice..\" Poodle said with a \" tsk-tsk \" pulling out a tranquilizer gun and shooting Vixie with it, knocking her out cold. \" ARGGGHHH! YOU BITCH! \" Foxy yelled out as she charged at the poodle, managing to knock her on the ground before she could reload. After getting a few punches on Poodle's face, Foxy was forcibly pulled off by her bodyguards, who chloroformed her afterwards. \" Toss the brat in with the mother, and let's get going! \" Poodle Noodle ordered, wiping her face of blood. She and her bodyguards then got into their van and took off, heading to an unknown location.[Chapter 9] Bright lights stung Foxy's eyes as she woke up strapped to a table in a large operation room, wondering just where the hell she was. She looked around the room to see that she was hooked up to some hospital equipment and there was somebody watching her through the windows above the room. \" Good morning, Foxy Loxy. sleep well? \" Poodle Noodle sarcastically greeted through a intercom. All Foxy could do was flip her off with her both her free hands. \" Charming...\" Poodle snarked. \" Thanks! \" Foxy grinned, knowing that she pissed off the uptight woman. \" Alright, have it your way! \" Poodle growled as she pressed a button on her console, \" Okay boys, send the bitch in! \" Just like that, Vixie was escorted into the room by the guards and was forced to sit on the chair beside Foxy's bed, with her hands handcuffed behind her back. \" Hey, sweetie How are you? \" She greeted Foxy, ignoring the tense situation to tend to her child. \" Oh you know, being strapped to this table against my will for something I have no control over, I'm doing great! \" Foxy said sarcastically. \" That good to hear! \" Vixie snarked. \" I wonder what this insane bitch wants anyway? \" \" Mom?! didn't you tell me not to say those mean words? \" Foxy jokingly recalled. \" Yes, But this time's more different. \" Vixie explained. \" Good to know.\" Foxy agreed. \" I'm glad you two asked...\" Poodle Noodle said out of the blue as she walked into the room, flanked by guards. \" You see, you're not the only with this affliction, Foxy. There are others like you who need help! \" \" Then why did you kidnap us then? \" Vixie demanded to know, wishing that she wasn't handcuffed so that she could strangle the psychopath. \" Because I want to know what makes you tick, my vulpine friend. \" Poodle told her, drumming her fingers together. \" Why are we predators so hated by society...You see Foxy, I've been surveying you for awhile now. \" \" Wow...You just got pretty creepy there, Lady! \" Foxy said, staring wide-eyed at the woman before her. \" I'm waaaaaaaaaay out of your age range! \" \" Not like THAT, you dolt! \" Poodle Noodle said defensively . \" I've heard of your incident regarding a certain Mr Little...\" \" Great...Not YOU too! \" Foxy thought, glaring at her snickering mother, who immediately stopped once she got the message. \" Who told you that, I thought student records were confidential? \" \" No one, just your Principal Fetchit's computer with a little thing called Hacking, my naive little experiment! \" Poodle continued as she sauntered around the room. \" I swear, Mom. this chick's too lovestoned about me...\" Foxy whispered worryingly to Vixie, who nodded in agreement. \" I think that she knows...\" She told Foxy. \" There's a whole lot of whispering going on...I want it to cease, immediately! \" Poodle demanded as she fast walked towards Foxy and Vixie and slammed her fist beside her head, startling the poor girl. \" IF you lay a hand on my daughter, I swear to god I'll strangle the life out of you! \" Vixie snarled aggressively, her hands straining the handcuff chain. \" You two watch way too many action movies...\" Poodle chuckled dismissively. \" And yes, we've scanned your video rental purchases too, especially one copy of Pred/Prey XXX number 21. for shame, Vixie Loxy...tsk, tsk! \" \" Damn you, Earl! \" Vixie cursed with a hard blush on her cheeks. \" I hope you and your store go bankrupt someday! \" \" Is this going somewhere, or are you just taunting us? \" \" Oh yes it is...I'm going to put you to sleep, then, I'm going to take out your brain and study it...And you're going to forcibly watch Every. Single. Painful. Step, Vixie! \" Poodle said with sadistic delight. \" NO, you won't! \" Vixie cried. ' I'll kill you if you do! \" \" Such words of harshness...Now I know where your daughter gets it from. tsk tsk tsk, Shame you two have to die...As if we'll set you free so you could go to the press with this story. As if they'll ever believe the words of a crazy woman...\" Poodle said condescendingly as she stroked a terrified Foxy's cheek. \" On second thought, Foxy. maybe I won't knock you unconscious, You'll miss the whole party, and that would be a shaaammmeee! \" \" Let me go, we'll promise keep it a secret, just let us go! \" Foxy cried, tears running down her face. \" just don't kill me! \" \" We all go sometime, Foxy...sucks but it's true! But think of it this way, you'll go before me, Isn't that exciting? \" Poodle chortled. \" No it's not, you psychotic bitch! \" Foxy spat in her face. \" You'll always be known as a baseball star for some a no-name town, So no one will miss you or your mother...think about that! \" Poodle said smugly as she wiped the spit from her face, then flicking the teenager on her fore head. \" Guards...take the mother to her cell, we'll pick this up on Monday, that'll give her precious time with her daughter before the surgery! \" \" As for you, Foxy Loxy...Sleep Tight! \" and with that, Poodle and her guards took a screaming Vixie to her cell, turning off the bright lights as they left. leaving a sobbing Foxy Loxy alone on her deathbed, in complete darkness. Luckily for Foxy, Vixie was allowed to visit everyday to bring her food and comfort her, sobbing her eyes out eachtime. but managing to slip her some contingency tools to escape with, like some bobby pins, her switchblade and a hastily drawn map of the escape route with an accurately drawn chibi version of Poodle Noodle getting her face impaled by a combat knife. The surgery day was at hand and Foxy was scared for her life as it flashed before her eyes, the memories of her first word, the first time she'd meet Chicken Little at pre-school, her meeting Goosey Loosey when she first moved to Oakey Oaks, Reluctantly, her first date with Runt after the alien invasion. she worried the most for her mother, all alone in this world after her daughter's unnecessary death... Good thing her vulpine brain started it's flight or fight instincts into overdrive as soon as the doctors entered the room, along with Vixie and her guards. Using every opportunity as they had their backs turned, Foxy carefully started picking the wristlocks with her bobby pins while Vixie flirted with one of the guards, by making kissy faces and shaking her loose breasts to distract him. After doing so, she quickly headbutted him and tossed his unconscious body at his partner, making sure to grab his combat knife. She then took one of the nurse as a hostage to prevent the others from sounding the alarm, making them flee for their lives. After letting the nurse go, Vixie smiled in triumph and tossed the knife aside when she saw that Foxy was free from her bonds, running over to embrace her. \" I'm so proud of you, Sweetie! but now we must confront the bad guy and get the hell out of the place! can you walk? \" She asked, hoping Foxy didn't suffer from too much muscle atrophy while she was strapped to the table for 4 days. \"Yeah, I think I can, mom. \" Foxy assured her, getting off the operation table, almost stumbling over. \" Good, now let's go get that bitch! \" Vixie encouraged as she carried her daughter to Poodle Noodle's office to confront her. ","Summary":" Oakey Oaks Middle School, 2007. It was an rainy day in the town of Oakey Oaks, the school day was e"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Tu futuro empieza hoy","Author":"LeyreLeyre","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7647189","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hacía una semana que las niñas mal habían salido de casa Maca, durante esa semana habían estado manteniendo el contacto a través del teléfono o de Internet o incluso habían quedado. Pero poco a poco nuestras niñas mal, habían estado volviendo a la normalidad. ADELA: Se fue con Ignacio, había empezado una relación en serio con él, y las cosas con el Senador iban mejorando. GRETA: Después de plantarle cara a Kike y ayudar a la policía a detenerlo, había decidido plantarle cara a su familia y se fue a vivir con Marisa y Nina. Abandonando así su apellido. MARISA: Tiene una relación con Fatu, por fin se atrevieron a confirmarlo delante de los demás, se fue a vivir con Nina y Greta. NINA: Abandonó su carrera artística, presentando una última canción. Como su madre no lo quería aceptar, decidió irse de casa y se fue a vivir con Marisa y Greta. Nuestras protagonistas PIA: Gracias a Maca, había logrado encontrar un trabajo en un centro de protección de menores, donde ella se encargaba de casos parecidos a lo que ella había tenido que vivir para poder ayudar a otras chicas., su madre seguía sin hacerle el más mínimo caso, su amor por Valentina seguía latente en su corazón, pero en su cerebro no hacían más que rebotar estas palabras [Te quiero mucho, mucho… pero como muna amiga] VALENTINA: El salir de casa de Maca, no le había resuelto sus dudas, seguía con la cabeza sin decidirse, no sabía que quería, las cosas en casa no iban nada bien, no se hablaba ni con su madre ni con su hermana. Por otro lado, en el ámbito laboral no le iba nada mal trabaja en un bar, donde dos días a la semana actuaba como cantante y los 3 días trabajaba como camarera. Descansando dos días a la semana. Valentina estaba en su habitación, comiéndose la cabeza como hacía desde hacía varios meses. V: Porque las cosas son tan complicadas? Porque no soy capaz de ser sincera conmigo misma? O tal vez ya lo estoy siendo, que lio me estoy haciendo, yo creo que nunca seré capaz de resolver esto, no tengo nada claro en la vida. Empezó a mirar unas fotos de ella de Ana y otras de ella con Pía. V: [Con una foto de Ana en la mano] Ana, con lo sencillo que era todo contigo, simplemente el querer a una amiga, no? Sabes hace ya unos meses que me dejaste, y todavía me duele, pero sabes que ya logré dejar de llorar, tan solo porque ni mi cabeza ni mi corazón piensan olvidarte nunca, tu siempre estarás conmigo, oye Ana tu qué crees de lo mío? Es que la verdad es que te necesitaría a mi lado para que me ayudaras a resolver este súper dilema, porque la verdad es que no tengo ni idea, de cómo resolver este puzle que tengo en mi cabeza. Me acabaré volviendo loca. [Apartando la foto de Ana y cogiendo una de Pía] Si supieras Pía que llevo meses comiéndome la cabeza con el tema de si soy astronauta o no y estos días además me ha faltado tu compañía, llevaba tantos meses viéndote dormir en la cama de enfrente de mí, que ahora se me vuelve a hacer raro volver a dormir sola, pero sabes qué? Tengo algo tuyo que me ayuda a dormir, si tengo tu tortuga, te lo digo a la foto porque a la cara me daría vergüenza decirte que duermo abrazada a ella todas las noches para sentirte un poquito más cerca, necesito tenerte a mi lado, cada día espero que llegue la hora en la que hablamos es sin ninguna duda el mejor momento de cada uno de mis días, cada vez que se de ti me da un vuelco el corazón, no sé que es pero creo que estas sensación es diferente. Valentina soltó las fotos y se dirigió directamente a su celular. V: Hola Adela! A: Valen! Como estamos! V: Como siempre, al familia sin hablarme, la cabeza dándome vueltas. A: Sigues comiéndote la cabeza con el tema? V: Es que por mucho que no quiera pensar en ella, es superior a mis fuerzas aparece en mis sueños, cuando despierto, se que sonrió cuando hablo con ella, cuando me llama, no se siento cosas pero no sé cómo definirlo. A: A ver Valentina, es muy fácil de definir, esta enamorada de Pía! V: Pero como estar segura al 100%? A: Eso se nota, se siente. V: Pero que se siente? A: A ver por ejemplo, yo me di cuenta que estaba enamorada de Nachito, porque cuando no estaba con él estaba decaída, pero en cambio cuando estaba con él siempre estaba alegre, me siento a gusto a su lado, me hace feliz, mi corazón de un vuelco cada vez que no le veo, pero noticias suyas, no hago más de pensar en él. V: Hmmmmm… A: Algo? Notaste algo de eso? V: Es verdad que esta semana que no la he visto, he estado como más de bajón de lo normal, es verdad que me siento a gusto a su lado, es verdad que me hace feliz, es verdad que no paro de pensar en ella, es verdad que duermo abrazada a su tortuga por sentirla cerca, es verdad… A: Has dicho que duermes abrazada a su tortuga para sentirla cerca? V: Si, pero no te chives que me da vergüenza! A: Ahí lo tienes Valen, ahí tienes la respuesta que necesitabas, para poder dormir bien, necesitas a Pía cerca, necesitas saber que un trocito de ella está contigo. No pierdas más le tiempo Valen y ve a por ella! Que os lo merecéis! V: [Contenta por que su amiga le había ayudado a aclarar a su corazón] Gracias de verdad Adela, te debo una y bien gorda! A: Jaajaajaja, no te preocupes que te la cobraré! V: No esperaba menos, muchas gracias, voy a ver que se me ocurre para conquistarla como se merece! A: Vamos para adelante que tú puedes! Vamos Valentona! V: Jajajaajajaja, gracias! Y xao! A: Xao! Valentina colgó el teléfono y empezó a pensar en Pía y empezó a escribir en una hoja de papel todas las cosas que le salían del corazón al pensar en ella. Al mirar el papel escrito se dio cuenta que había puesto cosas que jamás hubiera pensado, cogió la hoja y la guardó, todo lo que ponía en ella le había salido del corazón pero todo eso era lo que sentía por Pía tenía que hacérselo llegar de alguna manera. V: Por lo que ahora veo, Pía nunca te quise ver diferente, pero nunca me paré a pensar que al corazón no lo puedo engañar y hoy que por fin le he dejado hablar, voy a demostrarte lo estúpida que he sido, y por fin voy a ser del todo sincera contigo. Estuvo dándole vueltas un buen rato y de repente se le ocurrió una idea genial. En primer lugar cogió su reproductor de música y estuvo analizando diversas letras y apuntando cosas en otra hoja, luego izo diversas llamadas y finalmente llamó a Marisa. M: Hola? V: Mari! M: Val como andamos! V: Genial y tú? M: Muy bien, que alegría de oírte! V: Igualmente! M: Valen querías algo o solo era para saber de mí? V: Sinceramente me pillaste! Pero un poquito de los dos! Así que como estas? M: Genial haciendo miles de planes? V: Uy miles de planes tipo qué? M: SORPRESA! No puedo decir nada! V: Jajajajaaja, que misteriosa estas! M: Pero no es que no quiera es que si te la cuento pierde la gracia la sorpresa! V: A ok visto así! Ahora vayamos al o que realmente me interesa les espero a ti a Nina y Greta, a la tare en el Parquecito! M: Pero para qué? V: SORPRESA! M: Jjajajaajaja V: Tendrás que esperar hasta la tarde! M: Uy que intriga, pero conociéndote me harás esperar si o si! V: Efectivamente así que no me falles ok? No vemos esta tarde! M: Hasta esta tarde un besote! Repitió la operación llamando de nuevo a Adela y diciéndole que se llevara a Nachito si quería. Se arregló un poco para salir de casa, tenía que lograr su misión habló con mil personas, entró a mil tiendas, miró dos mil escaparates, hasta que por fin se dio por satisfecha y volvió a casa y allí estuvo escribiendo miles de notitas. Al llegar la tarde se encaminó hacía le parque donde se había citado con las chicas. Ella fue la última en llegar, todas al esperaban ansiosas para que les contara el porqué de esa reunión tan precipitada. A: [acercándose a abrazarla, a modo de saludo] No dije nada de lo tuyo, tu secreto está a salvo conmigo! V: Gracias, Adela! Antes tengo que hablar con Pía [separándose del abrazo] A: Para que nos hiciste venir si se puede saber? N: Eso que Marisa no nos quiso decir nada. M: Pero que les iba a decir si yo no sabía nada! V: A ver chicas si se tranquilizan, y me dejan se lo contaré. G: Esta bien, tiene razón callémonos y que Valen nos cuente! V: Gracias Greta! [Greta le sonrió] Por lo que veo no se han dado cuenta de que falta alguien? M: Hay es verdad falta Pía, habrá que esperar a que llegue! V: NO! N: What? V: Que no! A: Ya Valentina eso ya lo entendimos pero porque no habrá que esperarla! Más que nada no va a venir, porque no le he invitado! N: What? G: Y eso? Que los pasó? Se han enfadado? V: Jaajajajajaa, les asusté, no viene porque en dos días es su cumpleaños, y me gustaría montarle algo bonito, ya que es el primer cumpleaños que pasamos todas fuera de casa Maca. A: A ver Valentina, pretendes montarle una fiesta sorpresa? V: Efectivamente! G: Me parece genial! M: Maravillosa idea! V: Pero solo les tengo que pedir un favor, necesito que me manden al email una foto vuestra y alguna que tengáis de las seis juntas! A: Claro, ahora mismo cuando llegamos te las enviamos! V: Y otra cosita! N: Claro dinos! V: Es la parte más difícil de cumplir, necesito que nadie la llamé para felicitarla, hasta la hora del a fiesta! M: Que mala eres, pobre Pía! V: No, no todo tiene su porque! A: Me parece raro pero me apunto! V: Entonces lo harán [Puso su mano delante y todas pusieron las suyas encima confirmando que lo harían] Mañana les digo sitio y hora, solo recuerden esas dos cositas ok? Envíenme la foto y no la llamen ni nada no la feliciten ok? Las chicas asintieron. V: Pues yo me voy, que tengo mucho que organizar! A: Espera Valen que me voy contigo, y ya de paso compro su regalo! Greta, Marisa y Nina se quedaron en el parque. G: Yo cada día entiendo menos a esta chica M: A que te refieres? G: Pues que estará organizando con tanto secretismo? Y porque no quiere que la ayudemos? N: Ya sabes cosas de Valentina! Ella es así! M: Oye habría que comprarle algo a Pía no? N: Claro vengan conmigo que se me ha ocurrido algo genial! Y las chicas se fueron a comprar el regalo de Pía. Mientras Adela y Valentina se iban para casa. A: Y bien, ahora me piensas contar que has pensado! V: No puedo contarte nada, porque aun no tengo nada claro, tengo mil ideas en la cabeza, pero solo espero que salga todo bien! A: Que misteriosa estas! V: Lo único que puedo decirte es que Pía va a pasar el mejor cumpleaños de su vida! A: Jajajaajajajaja! Hay lo que hace el amor! V: [ Dándole un golpecito en la cabeza] Que gracia! A: Bueno Valentina pues si necesitas ayuda o lo que sea ya sabes! V: Tranquila lo tengo controlado! A: Ok, pues yo me quedo por aquí [ Habían llegado a una zona de tiendas] Que voy a comprarle el regalo a Pía! V: Ok, mañana las llamo, ha por cierto puedes encargarte tú de llamar a los mosqueteros y a Maca y Teo? Por favor? A: Claro yo me encargo no te preocupes! V: Gracias Adelita! [La abrazó para darle las gracias] A: No hay de Que Xao! V: Xao! Adela se metió hacía la primera tienda a mirar y Valentina siguió el camino hasta su casa, al llegar a casa hizo unas nuevas llamadas y con cada una de ellas la sonrisa se le iba haciendo más y más grande, ya que todo estaba saliendo bien, su plan iba cogiendo forma. Espero que les guste muy pronto un nuevo capitulo![Chapter 2] Por su parte Pía ajena a todo lo que se le venía encima, acaba de salir del trabajo hoy había tenido un día complicado, solo tenía ganas de llegar a casa, darse un baño y relajarse. Al llegar a casa P: Mamá? Al no obtener respuesta, dejó las llaves sobre la mesa y allí vio una nota de su madre. P: (leyendo) Hola cariño, soy mamá he salido con un chico que conocí en la red, no vendré a cenar, un beso te quiere mamá. (Hablando con ella misma) Yo ya no sé ni para que pregunto si total cuando llego nunca esta! Pero esta mujer no aprende que vergüenza de mujer, parece que yo sea la madre y ella la hija ya se dice que el humano es el único animal que tropieza dos veces con la misma piedra, pero parece que mi madre ha tropezado con el Everest entero! Dejó la nota de su madre donde la había encontrado y fue a prepararse para darse un baño. Ya en la bañera P: Ufff, Que asco de vida, después de un día tan duro como el de hoy, me gusta mi trabajo porque ayuda a gente que ha pasado por lo mismo que yo o incluso cosas peores, me encanta ayudar, pero algunos días que acabo saturada y cuando llego a casa a demás tampoco hay nadie que me espere aquí para aunque solo sea hacerme compañía, con lo bien que estábamos nosotras en casa de Maca, lo bien que estaba al lado de mi Valentina, Ay mi Valentina, como te extraño, no es lo mismo, verte todos los días compartir muchos meses a tu lado aunque solo fuera siendo \"tu amiga\" como tú no te cansabas en recordarme, sabes que eso me dolía pero es tu decisión yo la respeto, pero en tus ojos yo sabía que tenías dudas de lo que sentías, ya que no sentías lo mismo que por Ana, pero yo no te voy a presionar a que te des cuenta, voy a dejarte tu tiempo, pero no me pidas que no hable contigo todos los días porque eso si que no puedo hacerlo. Necesito hoy tu voz, para ser feliz, necesito sentirte cerca, para seguir viviendo. [Suena su teléfono] P: Hola Valen! V: Hola! Como andas? P: Uf cansada pero ahora mejor! V: Y eso? P: Porque el hablar contigo, siempre me hace desconectar de mis problemas! V: Vaya, pues me alegro de hacerte sentir bien! P: Jajajaajajaja. V: Y que problemas son esos que te tiene comida la cabeza? P: Nada cosas del trabajo algunos casos, que ya sabes me hacen recordar V: Ey, nada de eso, eh! Que no me entere yo, ayúdalas a las chicas o chicos pero no te impliques demasiado, me oíste? P: Eso intento Valentina y la verdad normalmente lo logro, pero no se hoy, me ha dado un poco el bajón! V: [Preocupada por ella] Pero pasó algo? P: No no solo que hemos tenido un caso parecido a lo mío y bueno quiera o no los recuerdos están ahí sabes? V: Bueno pero al ser parecido te sirve perfectamente para ayudarla a ella y sabes perfectamente que decirle como ayudarla a salir del pozo, como tú has logrado hacer! P: Ya pero… V: Ya pero qué? Pía hay algo que no me cuentas… te conozco demasiado P: jajajajaja, ya ves me conoces demasiado bien, ahora ya sabes si te oculto algo, incluso sin verme! V: Jaajajajajajaja, soy así! P: Jajaajajajaja V: Bueno pero cuéntame que es eso que te preocupa! P: nada Valentina en sitio que es una chorrada. V: Pía nada que te preocupe es una chorrada, así que cuéntame. P: Nada que estamos en unas fechas del año que no me gustan nada! V: Y eso? P: Pues porque en dos días llega mi cumpleaños y desde hace un tiempo no me gusta celebrarlo. V: [Sonando desilusionada porque se le podía desmontar el plan] Y eso porque? Si eso siempre es motivo de alegría, hacerse más viejo. P: Pues porque mi mamá nunca me hizo nada especial y nunca me felicita, y además el ultimo aniversario lo pasé … V: Vaya! P: Así que por eso no me gusta mi cumpleaños, para mí es un día que no me gusta, para mí es un día más en mi existencia aburrida! V: Bueno pero eso puede cambiar, ahora nos tienes a nosotras no? P: Si bueno, pero Valentina en serio, no me gusta mi cumpleaños V: Ok ok recibido, bueno Pía te tengo que dejar que voy a cenar, mañana hablamos si? P: Perfecto, pues que aproveche! Xao! V: Gracias Xao! Ahora que conocía los motivos por los que a Pía no le gustaba su cumpleaños, ahora tenía claro que tenía que lograr que fuera el mejor de su vida. V: [Pensando] Pobrecilla, si es que sale de una y se mete en otra, y su madre? Que madre nunca celebra el aniversario de su hija? Pía se merece un cumpleaños en condiciones, así que seguimos con el plan hacía delante según tenía pensado, además que mejor momento que su cumpleaños, para decírselo, voy a lograr el día de su cumpleaños no lo olvide nunca! Valentina cenó algo rápido y se acostó, el día de mañana iba a ser muy largo, para ella, tenía mucho trabajo que hacer. Pía también se hizo una cena ligera, y se fue a dormir, mañana tenía doble turno en el trabajo y seguro que iba a ser un día complicado. Valentina se metió en la cama y en vez de ponerse su música, necesitaba inspiración así que decidió ponerse la radio un rato, probó diversas emisoras hasta que encontró una que ponía música con la que se relacionaba con Pía, la música que sonaba le recorva a Pía, así que decidió quedarse en esa frecuencia. Con las canciones que oyó durante la noche, se le ocurrió una idea maravillosa, ahora sí que ya tenía todo el plan diseñado, solo le faltaba que le saliera bien. A la mañana siguiente, Pía se levantó temprano se hizo el desayuno, miró en la habitación e se madre y allí no había nadie. P: [Pensando] Debe de haber pasado la noche con ese hombre de la red, en fin… no aprende, no desconfía de nadie vive en su propio mundo de fantasía, parece más adolescente que yo. Acabó de arreglar la casa y se fue hacía el trabajo, n otro punto del a ciudad, Valentina se levantaba con mucha energía ya que tenía un día completito, tenía que acabar con el plan en esta mañana ya que luego por la tarde tenía que ir a trabajar. Pía llegó al trabajo. P: Hola, buenos días! Jefa: Hola, buenos días! P: Que tenemos hoy? J: Hoy tenemos el día completito P: Mucho trabajo? J: Bastante, mira toma [Dándole diversos expedientes] empieza por estos, estos son tus casos de hoy cuando termines te puedes ir a casa. P: Pero como, no tenía dos turnos hoy? J: Si, pero me pareció que esta semana ya habías trabajado mucho y decidí cambiarlo, no parecía justo que tu hicieses tantas horas. P: Perfecto, muchas gracias! Pues me pongo con ellos ahora mismo. J: Perfecto y no hay de que! Pía se fue hacía su mesa con todos los informes y expedientes que le había dado su jefa, y empezó a mirarlos uno a uno detenidamente, poco a poco fue citándose con los menores expedientados y resolviendo lo que podía hacer en ese día y así a poco más del mediodía había terminado. P: Terminé [Dirigiéndose a su jefa] J: Perfecto, pues ya puedes irte y nos vemos el lunes! P: Muchas gracias! Claro el lunes a primera hora estoy aquí! J: Hasta el lunes! P: Xao! Valentina por su parte, se había pasado toda la mañana de arriba abajo, organizando todo lo del cumpleaños de Pía, también había hecho muchas llamadas de teléfono, para que todo estuviera perfecto, poco antes del mediodía lo tenía todo listo. Se iba para casa cuando sonó su celular. V: Pía P: Valen! Donde andas? V: Pues aquí cerca del Parquecito! Por? P: Te apetecería ir a comer conmigo? V: [Sorprendida] Pero tú no tendrías que estar trabajando? P: Si pero hoy, fue un día suave, terminé pronto y ya estoy de fin de semana. V: Genial, pero si quieres ir a comer a de ser ya que yo en una hora entro a trabajar. P: Vale quedamos en la pizzería? V: Vale en 5 minutos estoy allí! P: Ok, ahora mismo nos vemos! Colgaron el celular, y tanto Pía como Valentina se dirigieron hacía la pizzería, iban a verse cara a cara después de una semana casi sin verse, solo de hablar las dos estaban nerviosas. Pero intentaban que no se les notara. Valentina llegó en un momento a la pizzería donde había quedado con Pía, al cabo de unos minutos llegó Pía. P: Llegué! V: Hola! [Se dieron un abrazo a modo de saludo] P: Llevabas mucho rato esperando? V: Como una media hora o así! P: Jaajajajajajaja, no en serio he tardado mucho? V: Nada, acaba de llegar! P: Ams ok ok! V: Entramos? P: Claro! Valentina le abrió la puerta y la dejó pasar primero, Pía pasó y una vez dentro, estuvieron hablando de mil cosas y comieron muy a gusto, per Valentina se tenía que ir a trabajar. V: Pía siento tener que cortar nuestra conversación, no sabes las ganas que tenía de verte y pasar un rato agradable contigo, pero las obligaciones laborales me reclaman. P: Ah claro, no me acordaba que tu aún hoy trabajas! V: Jajajaajajajaja, que graciosa! P: Es que como algunas ya estamos de fin de semana! V: Jajajajaajajaj, que chistosa no? P: No en serio, si te tienes que ir lo comprendo, vete, yo pago! V: Oh, no no, no puedo permitir eso [Dejando su parte del dinero encima de la mesa, y levantándose] Venga vámonos! P: [ Pagando su parte] Bueno pues que vaya bien! Se despidieron y cada una se fue por su lado, Valentina llegó al trabajo un poco antes de su turno.[Chapter 3] V: [Pensando] Que estúpida he sido con Pía, me despedí fatal de ella, he sido súper sosa, [Envío un SMS] V oy a hablar con Hugo, mi jefe, a ver si me deja acabar de rematar el plan. Encontró a Hugo en el almacén y se acercó a hablar con él. V: Hugo! H: Buenas tardes Valentina, hoy llegaste temprano. V: Lo sé, pero es que necesito hablar contigo un minuto H: Claro vamos a mi despacho y allí charlamos tranquilamente. Llegaron al despacho. H: Siéntate por favor V: [Sentándose] Gracias! H: Bien cuéntame que era eso de lo que querías hablarme? V: Es un favor un poco delicado H: A ver dime. V: Me gustaría alquilarte el local, mañana por la noche H: Que tienes pensando Valentina? V: Es que mira es el cumpleaños de una amiga, que lo ha pasado un poquito al en la vida, y no se ya que trabajo aquí y eso, pues si me dabas permiso, para hacerla, total mañana ibas a cerrar igualmente, no? H: Si pero, de que se trataría la fiesta? V: Unos amigos, una fiesta privada, a demás no seriamos demasiados, y yo me encargo de limpiar y dejarlo todo excelente! H: Esta bien, Valentina te presto el local. Acabaron de ultimar los detalles, y después Valentina se levantó para empezar con sus que haceres diarios. V: Muchas gracias de verdad Hugo, eres lo más! H: Anda anda no seas pelota, y sobre todo disfrútenlo! V: Eso seguro, y de nuevo mil gracias! Valentina empezaba su turno en ese momento, hoy en el local había karaoke, así que a Valentina le tocaba hacer un poco de presentadora cantar un par de canciones, y atender a los clientes. En otro punto de la ciudad… Pía recibió un SMS, poco antes de llegar a su casa. P: [Leyendo] Morena! Siento haber sido haber sido así de sosa contigo, pero tengo mil cosas en la cabeza, ya tu sabes, empiezo a currar en 2 min, pero he desconectado un segundo, para disculparme por mi actitud, LO SIENTO!, Te quiere Val! [Pensando] Pobre Valentina, seguro que está agobiada porque lo que tiene trabajar de tarde, que tienes que comer pronto, y no se la he visto hoy como muy estresada, pensando en mil cosas… seguro que estaría pesando en el trabajo, bueno yo ahora me voy para casa a echarme una maravillosa siesta y luego ya más tarde iré al supermercado para llenar la nevera. Al llegar a casa no había noticias de su mama. Le respondió el SMS a Valentina, y decidió darse un baño y más tarde se hecho una siesta. El bar de Valentina se empezó a llenar lentamente, con gente que venía a pasárselo bien, y poco a poco iba teniendo más y más trabajo. V: [Leyendo un SMS] Tranquila pelirroja, que sabes que a ti no tengo nunca que perdonarte nada, imagino que estas estresada por el trabajo, así que no te preocupes, ok? Ya hablamos o nos vemos otro día con más calma, DON'T WORRY, BE HAPPY! A Valentina según iba leyendo el SMS se le iba formando una sonrisa en la cara. V: [Pensando] Que mona es, incluso cuando yo soy una imbécil con ella, cuando la trato fatal, sin darme cuenta, cuando soy fría, sin quererlo y todo por las mil coas que tengo en la cabeza y todo es por ella, mi preocupación es por ella, y a demás lo paga ella, pero incluso siendo como soy, ella siempre me perdona y es capaz de sacarme una sonrisa. Valentina volvió al a realidad cuando notó que alguien le daba un golpecito en el brazo. H: Valentina, vuelve a la Tierra! V: Jajajajajaja, perdón, Hugo, estaba pensado en una cosa y se me fue el santo al cielo. H: Tranquila, pero vamos que te toca cantar! V: Voy! Valentina se acercó hacía el escenario, cogió el micro. V: Buenas tardes a todos, ustedes se preguntarán que pinto yo aquí encima y demás, pero bueno, allá voy soy Valentina, soy camarera de este bar, pero también soy la persona que se va a encargar de que ustedes se lo pasen genial aquí cantando, yo puedo cantar, pero también lo puedes hacer ustedes, así que para romper el hielo, empiezo yo, están de acuerdo? Valentina se aceró al pincha, le dijo una canción y de nuevo fue a coger el micro. V: Los sentimientos son como puñales Te echo de menos y no entiendo porque Quizá el mañana cure las heridas Que me hizo el ayer. Pasan los años Reviso los daños Y en mi cabeza algo no marcha bien No me hace caso Ya no te quiero querer. Y lloro delante de un vaso vacío en un bar Soy un pirata en un bar Caribe De una carretera general Pocos son los sueños que me quedan vivos Muchos los anzuelos que dejé mordidos Y ahora roen en los huesos de esta calavera Todos los ratones de estas cuatro letras Lleno de princesas ligeras de ropa De sangre caliente y con el alma rota Que de tantas ostias que les dio la vida Llevan por bandera un tanga y una liga. Veo un luminoso por la carretera Son cuatro letras creo que pone club Tira pa´lante Que hoy estoy más tierno que el winnie the pooh Vamos pa´ dentro fija un objetivo Cambia el chip primo no has venido a ligar Hoy soy pirata en busca y captura en el Caribe bar. Y lloro delante de un vaso vacío en un bar Soy un pirata en un bar Caribe De una carretera general Pocos son los sueños que me quedan vivos Muchos los anzuelos que dejé mordidos Y ahora roen en los huesos de esta calavera Todos los ratones de estas cuatro letras Lleno de princesas ligeras de ropa De sangre caliente y con el alma rota Que de tantas ostias que les dio la vida Llevan por bandera un tanga y una liga. Pocos son los sueños que me quedan vivos Muchos los anzuelos que dejé mordidos Y ahora roen en los huesos de esta calavera Todos los ratones de estas cuatro letras Lleno de princesas ligeras de ropa De sangre caliente y con el alma rota Que de tantas ostias que les dio la vida Llevan por bandera un tanga y una liga. [Animaba mucho a la gente, la gente poco a poco se fue acercando al pincha, y se fueron apuntando, con diversas canciones, había de todo para elegir] Sí yo soy un bucanero Sin parche ni pata palo Para qué coño los quiero Si yo no soy de los malos Yo soy un pirata bueno Que ha encayao entre tus piernas Rebotao del mar revuelto De tu levantar de cejas De cuando frunces el ceño No hay mensaje en mi botella. Sí yo soy un bucanero Sin parche ni pata palo Para qué coño los quiero Si yo no soy de los malos Yo soy un pirata bueno Que ha encayao entre tus piernas Rebotao del mar revuelto De tu levantar de cejas De cuando frunces el ceño No hay mensaje en mi botella. Al acabar la canción Valentina bajó del escenario y se fue a la barra a seguir con sus encargos como camarera. Un mesa, la reclamaba, y se acercó hacía allí V: SI, que desean los señores? S1: Pues a mí me vas a poner un ron-cola. S2: Y a mí me vas a poner un whisky-cola. Valentina apuntándolo todo V: Perfecto , alguna cosa más? S2: Hombre si te podemos pedir a ti! V: Lo siento pero ese no es mi trabajo. S1: Pero preciosa si tienes una voz de escándalo, y a demás estas muy muy buenas [Tenía a Valentina cogida con una de sus manos y con la otra le rozaba la mano] V: Lo siento [intentando librarse del Señor], Pero ese no es mi trabajo, mi trabajo esta en servirle sus copas y cantar y animar a la gente, para eso dígale a su mujer, que le dé lo que necesita. S1: Vaya me gusta, tienes carácter. V: Ya lo ha visto, así que si hace el favor de soltarme acabaremos bien, si no me obligará a hacer algo que no le gustaría. S2: No estas amenazando? V: No tengo porque amenazarles, simplemente les estoy advirtiendo de que estoy en mi puesto de trabajo y lo que ustedes están intentando, se llama acoso. S1: Vaya, así guapa, cantas bien, tienes carácter y encima culta. S2: Eres la mujer perfecta… V: [Logrando librarse de las manos de esos babosos] Y ahora, me hacen el favor de largarse de aquí, en este bar tenemos reservado el derecho de admisión, así que ustedes no tiene permitida la entrada, les ha quedado claro? Los dos señores avergonzados por su comportamiento, recogieron sus cosas y se fueron del bar, Hugo que había observado toda la escena desde lejos, pero había estado muy pendiente de la reacción del os dos tipos. Se acercó a Valentina. H: Valentina, estas bien? V: Claro Hugo, genial! H: Veo que haces honor a tu nombre eh! V: Jaajajajajaja, y eso? H: Por lo que pasó con esos dos tipos. V: Simplemente si me hubiese pasado en la calle, tal vez hubiese reaccionado diferente, pero aquí se que el cliente tiene la razón, así que he tenido que intentar sobrellevar la situación! H: Y me ha parecido que lo has hecho genial! Por eso como recompensa, hoy te voy a dar le día libre, para que acabes de organizar el cumpleaños de tu amiga aquí en el bar ok? Solo canta la última canción de hoy, y te vas si? V: De verdad? H: Claro! V: Muchas gracias de verdad! Valentina se acercó de nuevo al escenario, después de hablar con el pincha y se preparaba para cantar. V: Today is gonna be the day That they're gonna throw it back to you By now you should've somehow Realized what you gotta do I don't believe that anybody Feels the way I do about you now Backbeat the word was on the street That the fire in your heart is out I'm sure you've heard it all before But you never really had a doubt I don't believe that anybody feels The way I do about you now And all the roads we have to walk along are winding And all the lights that lead us there are blinding There are many things that I would Like to say to you I don't know how Because maybe You're gonna be the one who saves me ? And after all You're my wonderwall Today was gonna be the day? But they'll never throw it back to you By now you should've somehow Realized what you're not to do I don't believe that anybody Feels the way I do About you now And all the roads that lead to you were winding And all the lights that light the way are blinding There are many things that I would like to say to you I don't know how I said maybe You're gonna be the one who saves me ? And after all You're my wonderwall I said maybe You're gonna be the one who saves me ? And after an You're my wonderwall Said maybe You're gonna be the one that saves me You're gonna be the one that saves me You're gonna be the one that saves me Valentina había disfrutado muchísimo con esa canción, se lo había pasado genial cantándola, pero ya había terminado, así que se bajó del escenario, recogió sus cosas despidió de Hugo V: Me voy ya, gracias por todo Hugo! H: De nada y que vaya genial mañana! V: Xao! Y se fue hacía casa, al llegar a casa, realizó diversas llamadas y con una sonrisa viendo que todo ya estaba más que preparado, les envió un SMS a las chicas diciéndoles la hora del a fiesta y el lugar, y se fue a dar un baño.[Chapter 4] Y se fue hacía casa, al llegar a casa, realizó diversas llamadas y con una sonrisa viendo que todo ya estaba más que preparado, les envió un SMS a las chicas diciéndoles la hora del a fiesta y el lugar, y se fue a dar un baño. Pía se levantó de la siesta y se dio prisa para ir al supermercado a comprar, para poder llenar la nevera. Acabó las compras y después terminó de pasar la tarde en el centro comercial. Voz: Pía? Pía se asustó y empezó a correr, la voz que la había llamado seguía detrás suyo. Voz: Pía, Pía, donde vas? La voz por fin la atrapó y le cogió del hombro, Pía se asustó y le dio con las bolsas del a compra que llevaba un buen golpe. A: Pía, pero que haces? P: Hay Adela discúlpame, me asusté! A: Tranquila, pero puedo saber el porqué de ese susto? P: Mmmmm… bueno ya sabes! A: Por lo tuyo? P: Si, todavía me asusta que me llamen por mi nombre sin verte, y si encima me tocan todavía peor. A: Lo entiendo, pero Pía ya tienes que intentar, superar ese miedo, eh! P: Lo sé y te juro que lo intento Adela, de verdad, pero no es tan fácil e! A: Lo entiendo, y que haces por aquí? P: Pues nada, llenando la nevera de mi casa! Y tú? A: Pues aquí dando una vuelta, ya que en casa me estaba agobiando. P: Mira pues qué bien, así que soy tu plan de despeje! A: No mujer, no lo veas así, me alegra un montón verte que hacía casi una semana que no sabía de ti. P: Pues si la verdad es que desde que salimos de casa de Maca, he estado bastante desaparecida. A: Bueno la verdad es que no has sido la única, yo creo que a todas nos ha pasado lo mismo, el volverse a colocar en la vida, buscar de nuevo tu sitio nunca es fácil, y bueno estos días lo estamos usando para ello, no crees? P: Claro! Me gusta tu manera de ver la vida Adela, siempre intentas ver la parte positiva de todo. A: Claro! Pero eso lo logré en casa de Maca! P: Bueno algo bueno sacaste A: Pues si jajajajaajaj! Estuvieron un rato más charlando sobre miles de cosas, y después se despidieron prometiéndose que volverían a verse y esta vez más a menudo. A: [Pensando] Ufff… menos mal que no me ha pillado con la bolsa en la mano, ya que hoy había venido a recoger su regalo para mañana, menos mal que no me vio saliendo de la tienda, bueno supe arreglarlo, VIVA MI PODER DE IMPROVISACIÓN! Pía llegó a casa donde se encontró otra nota de su madre. P: [Leyendo] Hola cariño soy mamá, he vuelto a salir esta noche con un chico que conocí en la res. No vendré a cenar, y a dormir no lo sé, un beso te quiere MAMÁ. [Pensando] Pero esta mujer cada día logra sorprenderme más, parece mentira que no aprenda de las lecciones que le da la vida, bueno ya se dice que el humano es el único animal que tropieza dos veces con la misma piedra, pero es que parece que mi mamá, chocó con el gran Everest. Dejo la nota de su madre sobre la mesa y se fue a preparar una cena rápida y se quería meter en la cama para leer un rato o escuchar música o incluso pensar en su Valentina. Cenó algo rápido y se fue a su habitación se puso le pijama y antes de acostarse cogió una camisa de cuadros rojos y negros que se había quedado de Valentina, se abrazó a ella y se metió en la cama con la camisa. P: Mmmmmmm, [Oliendo la sudadera] Todavía huele a ella, no sabes lo que me cuesta ser tu amiga, pero lo lograré al menos me conformo con poderte oler por las noches con tu camisa. Luego cogió su reproductor de música y sintonizó la radio, estuvo dando diversas vueltas por las emisoras hasta que encontró una en la que ponían canciones que le recordaban a Valentina, por su contenido, eran canciones preciosas, así que decidió quedarse en ella. Empezó a sonar una nueva canción, Pía la cantaba mientras pensaba. P: No es un recuerdo, es una herida; No es un destino, es un flechazo; No es una historia, es una espina; [La verdad es que lo mío con Valentina fue eso una espina] No es una aventura, es un desengaño; No es un deseo, es una droga; No es un consuelo, es un milagro; No es una luna, es una sombra; No es un impulso, es entusiasmo. [Yo siempre intentaba creer que era algo más pero luego me caía y veía la realidad] Sé que me hace daño, Sé que me está matando, Funde la energía de mi corazón Pero la quiero, como duele que no me quiera, Que de sus labios vuelve viendo El dulce amor que me envenena. Pero la quiero, como duele que no me quiera, Que de sus manos va naciendo, Este dolor loca pasión, que me envenena. [Realmente yo creo que nadie sabe, lo que duele cuando el amor de tu vida, la persona a la que más has querido en tu vida, te dice que solo podéis ser amigas…] [Valen, tú te llevaste mi alma, mi corazón y un trozo de mi vida, solo espero que algún día te des cuenta de las cosas y vuelvas a mi lado] Esta canción define perfectamente mi historia con Valentina, cuando parecía que ahora sí que ya te habías decidido y yo empezaba a volar, te llegaban las dudas, te alejabas y yo me estrellaba contra el suelo, necesito llamarte todos los días solo para sentir las cosquillas en mi estomago, las que sentía todos los días cuando me despertaba en tu misma habitación, necesito oír tu voz, para volver a vivir, yo se que tú en el fondo de tu alma sientes lo mismo que yo, pero te da miedo enfrontar lo que dice tu corazón, pero solo espero que algún día te atrevas a quitarte el casco de Astronauta y viajar a la Luna conmigo. Pero fijo que algún día te das cuenta.] No es una nube, es la tormenta; No es agua clara, es la corriente; No es hierba buena, es mala hierba; No es un capricho, es poca suerte; No es un oasis, es un desierto; No es una cita, es una guerra; No es una llama, es un infierno; No es un castigo, es mi condena; Sé que me hace daño, Sé que me está matando, Que me roba el alma al decirme adiós. Locutor: Ya son las 00.00 un nuevo día empieza para todos nuestros oyentes, hoy tenemos un programa especial a partir de ahora mismo y durante todo el día tenemos un misión. Se reparte en diferentes fases, la primera de ellas FELICIDADES PÍA, pusieron el cumpleaños feliz en la radio, en segundo lugar hoy todas las canciones que pondremos en la emisora son para ti Pía las ha elegido personalmente una persona para la cual eres muy especial, así que espero que lo disfrutes Pusieron algunos anuncios Pía: What? Cómo? Esto debe de ser una broma y además de muy mal gusto, espera ha dicho una persona muy especial, esto será cosa de Valentina? No, no creo esto a ella no le pega muy cursi para ella, a demás como sabía ella que iba a estar escuchando esta emisora? Casualidades o causalidades de la vida? Pero no Pía no empieces a volar de nuevo que habrán miles de Pías que cumplan hoy años, como va a ser esto para mí. En la radio, empezaban a sonar los acordes de una nueva canción. Radio: Tiritas pa este corazón partío. tiri-ti-tando de frío. tiritas pa este corazón partío, pa este corazón partío. Ya lo ves, que no hay dos sin tres, que la vida va y viene y que no se detiene... y, qué sé yo, pero miénteme aunque sea, dime que algo queda entre nosotros dos, que en tu habitación nunca sale el sol, ni existe el tiempo, ni el dolor. Llévame si quieres a perder, a ningún destino, sin ningún por qué. Ya lo sé, que corazón que no ve es corazón que no siente, o corazón que te miente amor. pero, sabes que en lo más profundo de mi alma sigue aquel dolor por creer en ti ¿qué fue de la ilusión y de lo bello que es vivir? Para qué me curaste cuando estaba herío si hoy me dejas de nuevo con el corazón partío. ¿Quién me va a entregar sus emociones? ¿Quién me va a pedir que nunca le abandone? ¿Quién me tapará esta noche si hace frío? ¿Quién me va a curar el corazón partío? ¿Quién llenará de primaveras este enero, y bajará la luna para que juguemos? dime, si tú te vas, dime cariño mío, ¿quién me va a curar el corazón partío? Tiritas pa este corazón partío. Tiritas pa este corazón partío. Dar solamente aquello que te sobra nunca fue compartir, sino dar limosna, amor. Si no lo sabes tú, te lo digo yo. Después de la tormenta siempre llega la calma. Pero, sé que después de ti, después de ti no hay nada. Para qué me curaste cuando estaba herío si hoy me dejas de nuevo con el corazón partío. ¿Quién me va a entregar sus emociones? ¿quién me va a pedir que nunca le abandone? ¿Quién me tapará esta noche si hace frío? ¿Quién me va a curar el corazón partío? ¿Quién llenará de primaveras este enero, y bajará la luna para que juguemos? dime, si tú te vas, dime cariño mío, ¿quién me va a curar el corazón partío? ¿Quién me va a entregar ... Pía no podía despegar ni un solo segundo el oído del auricular de su reproductor, no hacía más que llorar no paraban por Valentina, hoy estaban floreciendo todas de sus ojos, le encantaría que ese precioso detalle fuera para ella. P: Ojalá esto fuera por mí, ojalá esto estuviera hecho por Valentina, ojalá… En la radio sonaba otra canción. Radio: Entonces te besé, fue como imaginaba Entonces pude ver que no me equivocaba Tanto soñar que te encontraba Tantas canciones de ti hablan Entonces a ver lo que pasa Entonces, cruzar las miradas Entonces, ya no te me escapas Entonces Entonces, lucharé para que no te vayas Entonces, cuidaré y yo seré tu almohada Tanto soñar que te encontraba Tantas canciones de ti hablan Entonces a ver lo que pasa Entonces, cruzar las miradas Entonces Entonces a ver lo que pasa Entonces, cruzar las miradas Entonces Entonces Todas esas canciones a Pía le recordaban muchísimo a Valentina, todas definían perfectamente cómo se sentía ella en cada momento que había vivido con ella P: Ay Valentina, porque me dijiste que me querías como una amiga, sabes lo duro que fue eso para mí, mi corazón y mi vida son tuyas hace mucho tiempo. Radio: Existe un niño que vive en mi Jugando a no quererte, Pero hace tanto ruido este olvido Que no te pude escuchar, Recordar que ya no estás, Que cuando hay olas en el mar Y cuando no también, Cuando me siento sereno Cuando te echo de menos, Hoy puede pasar, hoy es uno de esos momentos. Y cuando llega el mes de abril Y cuando quiero ir al desierto Acabo siempre haciendo un nuevo intento por saber de ti. Cuando decido mejorar, Cuando me digo \"esto no es vivir\" Me desespero y en este Mundo no encuentro alivio, Me pareces en lo ajeno, No sabes cuánto te eche de menos. Me besas yo me hundo y se Que nadie en este mundo apagaría Ni tu fuego ni me sed. Y cuando hay olas en el mar, cuando hay calma y tempestad Y cuando no también, cuando me siento sereno, Cuando te echo de menos, Hoy puede pasar, Hoy es uno de esos momentos... Y cuando llega el mes de abril Y cuando quiero ir al desierto Acabo siempre haciendo un nuevo intento por saber de ti. Cuando decido mejorar, Cuando me digo \"esto no es vivir\" Me desespero y en este Mundo no encuentro alivio, Me pareces en lo ajeno, No sabes cuánto te eche de menos. Me besas yo me hundo y se Que nadie en este mundo entendería Ni tu fuego ni me sed. Me besas yo me hundo y se Que nadie en este mundo apagaría Ni tu fuego ni me sed. Mientras seguía escuchando esas bellas melodías cogió un bolígrafo y algunas hojas y empezó a escribir sin dejar de llorar. Radio: Haber si me dejas entrar te cierras y me apagas tu luz no entiendo tu manera de amar me cambias forma, modo y actitud yo me esfuerzo por hablar sólo veo en ti inquietud y si seguimos mas allá sólo habrá un camino: cara o cruz si te amo ,llamo, cuido no lleno tu corazón si fallo, cayo , olvido me pagas con odio y rencor juego con 2 caras a la vez si ayer todo iba bien, hoy marcha mal me rompes los esquemas solo se ceder, ya no se q me quieres demostrar A ver si me dejas entrar te cierras y me apagas tu luz no entiendo tu manera de amar me cambias forma, modo y actitud yo me esfuerzo por hablar sólo ve en ti inquietud y si seguimos mas allá sólo habrá un camino: cara o cruz cruce de palabras y decides q todo se termino calculas, piensas, mides y vuelves pidiendo perdón Juego con 2 caras a la vez si ayer todo iba bien, hoy marcha mal me tomas y me dejas y es que, ya no se, q hacer no quiero este infierno mas A ver si me dejas entrar te cierras y me apagas tu luz no entiendo tu manera de amar ( d pensar, de actuar) me cambias forma modo y actitud yo me esfuerzo por hablar sólo veo en ti inquietud y si seguimos mas allá (olvídame, escúchame) sólo habrá un camino: cara o cruz una cara q traiciona, la otra cuenta la verdad un amor q se apasiona me rechaza y ya no hay vuelta atrás haces cara haces cruz solo tengo ingratitud doble juego q a la vez rompe mis esquemas y no se tus mentiras donde van tus promesas donde están no se, di tu q prefieres: cara o cruz Pía seguía escribiendo. Radio: Te extraño más de lo que puede el desierto extrañar La lluvia de verano, llegar Te extraño como un mentiroso extraña la verdad Te odio y te deseo Te miento y me lamento Y a solas me arrepiento Si estuvieras conmigo tan solo una vez más Besándome despacio sin dejarme respirar Si estuvieras conmigo tan solo una vez más Acariciando mis sueños con tu cuerpo tan sensual Maldigo y me arrepiento Hoy vivo de recuerdos Y a solas me lamento Si estuvieras conmigo tan solo una vez más Besándome despacio sin dejarme respirar Si estuvieras conmigo tan solo una vez más Acariciando mis sueños con tu cuerpo tan sensual Pero no estás aquí y yo muriéndome, solo extrañándote Si yo no estoy allí quién está en mi lugar Si estuvieras conmigo tan solo una vez más Besándome despacio sin dejarme respirar Si estuvieras conmigo tan solo una vez más Acariciando mis sueños con tu cuerpo tan sensual. Pía no podía acallar sus lagrimas con cada canción que sonaba. Radio: Porque te quiero a ti porque te quiero, cerré mi puerta una mañana y eché a andar. Porque te quiero a ti porque te quiero, dejé los montes y me vine al mar. Tu nombre me sabe a hierba de la que nace en el valle a golpes de sol y de agua, tu nombre me lleva atado en un pliegue de tu talle y en el viés de tu enagua. Porque te quiero a ti porque te quiero, aunque estas lejos yo te siento a flor de piel. Porque te quiero a ti porque te quiero, se hace más corto el camino aquel. Tu nombre me sabe a yerba de la que nace en el valle a golpes de sol y de agua, tu nombre me lleva atado en un pliegue de tu talle y en el biés de tu enagua. Porque te quiero a ti porque te quiero, mi voz se rompe como el cielo al clarear. Porque te quiero a ti porque te quiero, dejo esos montes y me vengo al mar. Cuando Pía terminó la carta buscó un sobre, la metió dentro y la guardó en un cajón. Locutor: Tengo un nuevo paso de la misión, esta vez se trata de un mensaje para ti Pía, leo textualmente. [Leyendo] Pía, ahora mismo estarás dudando de si esto es para ti o no, esto es para ti no lo dudes ok? No puedo decirte quien soy, porque si no la sorpresa se estropearía, no te asustes, pero esto no ha hecho más que empezar, voy a lograr que el día de hoy no lo olvides nunca, pero a cambio solo te pido un favor no dejes de escuchar ni una sola canción, porque en cada una de ellas, poquito a poco podrás ir descubriendo de quien se esconde detrás de estas canciones, entonces llegarás hasta mí. Solo te pido que juegues conmigo a esto, me dejas intentar que logres que este sea el mejor día de tu vida? Un besazo, nos veremos pronto mi Pía. [Volviendo a hablar el] Vaya mensajito, yo no es por meterme Pía pero se nota que la persona que ha escrito estoy que ha organizado esto te quiere muchísimo, ahora te dejo con una nueva canción. Radio: Sorry seems to be the hardest word What have I got to do to make you love me? What have I got to do to make you care? What do I do when lightening strikes me? And I wake to find that you're not there. What have I got to do to make you want me? What have I got to do to be heard? What do I say when it's all over? Sorry seems to be the hardest word. It's sad, so sad It's a sad, sad situation And it's getting more and more absurd It's sad, so sad Why can't we talk it over? Oh it seems to me That sorry seems the be the hardest word It's sad, so sad It's a sad, sad situation And it's getting more and more absurd It's sad, so sad Why can't we talk it over? Oh it seems to me That sorry seems the be the hardest word What have I got to do make you love me? What have I got to do to be heard? What do I do when lighting strikes me What have I got to do? What have I got to do? When sorry seems to be the hardest word A lo largo de la canción y del mensaje Pía estaba de nuevo llorando, no podía ni quería contener sus emociones, aún dudaba si era ella la persona para la que iban esos mensajes, pero se moría de ganas por ser ella. Radio: Entre el cielo y el suelo hay algo con tendencia a quedarse calvo de tanto recordar y ese algo que soy yo mismo es un cuadro de bifrontismo que solo da una faz la vara vista es un anuncio de signal la cara oculta es la resulta de mi idea genial de echarte me cuesta tanto olvidarte me cuesta tanto olvidarte me cuesta tanto olvidar quince mil encantos es mucha sensatez y no sé si seré sensato lo que sé es que me cuesta un rato hacer las cosas sin querer y aunque fui yo quien decidió que ya no mas y no me canse de jurarte que no habrá segunda parte me cuesta tanto olvidarte me cuesta tanto olvidarte me cuesta tanto... Pía viendo como se iba sucediendo la noche veía que no iba a poder dormir en toda la noche , subió el volumen de su radio y de nuevo se abrazó a la camisa de Valentina.[Chapter 5] Hola, me alegro de que sigáis ahí, se que he tenido esto muy abandonado y pido mis disculpas, por ello, pero no he tenido nada de tiempo libre como para poder seguir colgando capítulos, pero vamos que estos días que estoy de vacaciones, aprovechare, para colgaros muchos capítulos y sobre todo muy largos, para compensaros por la espera, muchas gracias por seguir ahí. Besitos Pía viendo como se iba sucediendo la noche veía que no iba a poder dormir en toda la noche, subió el volumen de su radio y de nuevo se abrazó a la camisa de Valentina. P: Valentina, esto solo puede ser cosa tuya, estas canciones… lo que hemos vivido… nuestros recuerdos… lo que significa todo esto solo lo entendemos tu y yo. Radio: Si no estás me traiciona el subconsciente. Si no estás me descubro de repente nombrándote Y me siento tan pequeño. Si no estás te deseo en tu camino lo mejor. Que unos nuevos brazos te den el calor Que en los míos no encontraste, Que en los míos no encontraste. Ojalá pudiese odiarte, ojalá fuera tan fácil olvidarte, Ojalá que tengas suerte, ojalá no duela tanto no verte Y los días me hagan mucho más fuerte. Ojalá que tengas suerte, ojalá no duela tanto no verte Y los días pasan lentos. Si no estás todo pierde su sentido. Si no estás y ya no encuentro motivos para continuar, Y me siento tan perdido. Si no estás acaricio tu recuerdo sin querer Y deseo que el destino te vuelva a traer Y ya no puedas marcharte, Y no vuelvas a marcharte. Ojalá pudiese odiarte, ojalá fuera tan fácil olvidarte, Ojalá que tengas suerte, ojalá no duela tanto no verte Y los días me hagan mucho más fuerte. Ojalá que tengas suerte, ojalá no duela tanto no verte Y los días pasan lentos, si no estás. Los días pasan lento, si no estás. Si tú no estás. Ojalá pudiese odiarte, ojalá fuera tan fácil olvidarte, Ojalá que tengas suerte, ojalá no duela tanto no verte Y los días me hagan mucho más fuerte. Ojalá que tengas suerte, ojalá no duela tanto no verte Y los días pasan lentos, si no estás. A cada canción que sonaba Pía cada vez estaba más segura de que su organizadora secreta era Valentina pero como no quería fastidiar la sorpresa, quería ver hasta donde llegaba su juego no digo nada y se quedó a la espera. Radio: Desde el primer día que la vi Sus ojos me quisieron decir Que no hacen falta las palabras Solo con tu mirada comprendí Que eras tú ese amor que no encontraba La que en mis sueños me amaba A quién le entregaría mi alma A aquella flor que tanto buscaba Agüita clara del manantial de mis sueños De mis sueños Son tus miradas Que me llaman Dentro de mi corazón Son como espadas Que se clavan Cuando tú me hablas de amor Se dispara la pasión Llena de emoción Ese fuego en tu mirar Desde aquel momento que la vi Mi cuerpo se tuvo que rendir A tu sonrisa encantada Bella, iluminada flor de abril Semilla de este amor que no encontraba Me tiene loco tu mirada A quien le entregaría mi alma... Radio: Aún vuela en pedazos el papel de la carta que no te envié palabras guardadas en la voz que yo misma quise siempre enmudecer. Eran las más bellas que dije jamás lo sé porque en ellas llegué a desnudar una hermosa verdad, una hermosa verdad. No fue tan difícil nada más, vencí aquel miedo a decir un simple te quiero que sin ti no hubiera llegado siquiera a sentir. Pero sin embargo fui incapaz de ser tan valiente hasta el final hubiera tenido que escribir el triste y temido nombre del adiós. Eran las más bellas que dije jamás... Cómo no iba a serlo si al final, de aquel frío invierno, nada más, yo solo recuerdo el calor de estar abrazada a tu cuerpo. Radio: Un momento en una agenda Una décima de segundo más vuela... Va saltando de hoja en hoja Mil millones de instantes de que hablar Una ráfaga de aire frio Un molino de viento hace girar sigue... Va rodando sobre su eje Descubriendo una trayectoria más. Es que no hay nada mejor que imaginar... La física es un placer Es que no hay nada mejor que Formular, escuchar y oír a la vez Miré el ángulo formado por tú y por mí Es la solución a aIgo muy común aquí Ahora tú no dejes de hablar Somos coordenadas de un par Incógnitas que aún faltan por despejar Busca un libro que dice como, Luego otro que se titula si, Sigue... un tercero llamado nada Es la fórmula de círculos sin fin Es que no hay nada mejor Que revolver el tiempo con el café Es que no hay nada mejor Que componer sin guitarra ni papel Paralelas vienen siguiéndome Espacio y tiempo juegan al ajedrez Ahora tú... no dejes de hablar Radio: We were both young when I first saw you, I close my eyes, and the flash back starts. I'm standing there. On a balcony of summer air. I see the lights, See the party the ball gowns. I see you make your way through the crowd, You say hello Little did I know... That you were Romeo, you were throwing pebbles And my daddy said stay away from Juliet And I was crying on the staircase Begging you please don't go, and I said Romeo take me somewhere we can be alone, I'll be waiting all theres left to do is run You'll be the prince and I'll be the princess Tts a love story baby, just say yes So I sneak out to the garden to see you We keep quite because we're dead if they know So close your eyes, Escape this town for a little while Cause you were Romeo, I was a scarlet letter And my daddy said stay away from Juliet But you were everything to me I was begging you please don't go, and I said Romeo take me somewhere we can be alone I'll be waiting all theres left to do is run You'll be the prince, I'll be the princess Tts a love story baby, just say yes Romeo save me, try to tell me how it is This love is difficult, but its real, Don't be afraid we'll make it out of this mess Its a love story baby, just say yes, oh, I was tired of waiting, Wondering if you were ever coming around My faith in you is fading When I met you on the outskirts of town, and I said Romeo save me I've been feeling so alone I keep waiting for you but you never come Is this in my head, I don't know what to think. He fell to the ground, and pulled out a ring Marry me Juliet you'll never have to be alone I love you and that's all you know I talked to your dad; you'll pick out a white dress It's a love story baby, just say yes Oh, Oh, Oh We were both young when I first saw you Radio: Tal vez prefieras olvidar yo solo quiero recordar lo que fuimos... Lo que perdimos volverá Quizás no pudo ser quizás será... Yo quisiera huir con un viento helado Yo quisiera huir que me perderé RECORDANDOTEE! Sé que la vida se lo ve venir el invierno que no supe de ti La tristeza y el adiós fue para los dos Cuando vi que todo termino un día solo un día de sol la tristeza y el adiós fue para los dos... uooo... fue para los dos... Si pudiera regresar.. al ayer sin olvidar.. de saber lo que hice mal.. no nos merecimos un final.. Te busqué.. demasiado tarde No me rendiré.. No me perderé.. RECORDANDOTEEE! sé que la vida se lo ve venir.. el invierno que no supe de ti.. la tristeza y el adiós fue para los dos... cuando vi que todo termino hubo solo un día de sol la tristeza y el adiós fue para los dos.. no0ooo... pero en el adiós.. no se fue el valor.. lo que sentimos.. sé que sigue aquí... dime que fue de ti... dime que fue... sé que la vida no se olvida de mí el invierno que no supo de ti la tristeza y el adiós fue para los dos..! fue para los dos... Pía no se soltaba de la camisa de Valentina mientras no dejaba de pensar en ella y parecía que por fin Valentina se había dado cuenta de las cosas, que por fin viajaría con ella a la Luna, una sonrisa se dibujó en su cara, mientras las lagrimas pero estaba vez de emoción de alegría no dejaban de brotar de sus ojos. Radio: Presiento que hoy será cuando me verás Cada vez que intento estar cerca de ti te vas Que tonta me siento cuando todo sale mal Y no sé cómo explicar lo que tú me das Me he comprado ropa nueva para destacar Tú como si no estuviera pasas sin saludar Te he dicho como me llamo pero no hay señal Y no dejo de pensar que hago mal Tantas veces he soñado Y otras tantas he llorado lágrimas pensando en ti Y mintiéndome a mi misma He creído que tenía algo más Y no sé como acercarme a ti A todo lo que me haces sentir Si te veo... Y no sé cómo sacar de mí Eso que tú me haces sentir Si te veo... Como amar a alguien que no ve... Creo que hoy me has mirado casi sin querer Me he quedado sin aliento y eso no puede ser Hoy me invitas a tu lado por primera vez En tus ojos puedo ver que esto puedo ser Tantas veces he soñado Y otras tantas he llorado lágrimas pensando en ti Y ahora creo que no miento Pienso que llegó el momento para mí Y ya sé cómo llegar a ti Como enseñar mi corazón Mis deseos... Y ya sé lo que sientes por mí Y no me cansaré de oír que me quieres Ahora amar es algo de los dos... Y sintiendo en cada brazo El amor tan esperado que soñé tiempo atrás Pero ocurren los milagros Y te siento aquí a mi lado de verdad Y ya sé lo que sientes por mí Y no me cansaré de oír que me quieres Ahora amar es algo de los dos... Radio: Por sentado no doy nada de lo que soy ni el latido más mínimo, ahora no It's the air that i breathe it's my fall at your feet it is my song i sing when you are gone En esta primavera anticipada que aumenta así lo bueno dentro de mí Ahahah lo sé eres mi horizonte mi amanecer ahahah la prueba que Demuestra lo que puedes hacer Porque All my hopes and my fears my hopes my fears in this moment are clear you are the one the one my moon my stars my sun Es esta primavera anticipada me gusta así, sí, me hace volver a vivir Ahahah lo sé eres mi horizonte mi amanecer ahahah la prueba que demuestra lo que puedes hacer Flores, mosaico de colores errores, cicatrizan hoy mejor en mí Sin duda serás tú el artífice en esta primavera que ya, llegó, llegó ahora la siento a mi alrededor. Mientras Pía seguía pensando en su dulce Valentina, en otro lugar del a ciudad. V: Espero que le guste el currazo que me he pegado, espero que lo esté disfrutando y que descubra pronto el porqué de todo esto…. Espero que todo salga perfecto. RING RING V: Si? M: Hola Valentina, soy Maca! V: Ah, Hola Maca, cuánto tiempo! M: Pues si la verdad es que si V: Que alegría oírte! M: Igual, siento llamarte a estas horas pero quiero hablar contigo. V: No te preocupes Maca, no molestas puedes llamar cuando quieras M: Ok me quedo más tranquila. V: Y dime Maca que querías hablar conmigo? M: En primer lugar, a qué hora es mañana lo de Pía? V: Lo de Pía no te ha contado nada Adela? M: Si me contó lo de la fiesta y demás, pero al final no me ha dicho hora ni nada. V: Ah, ok ok, pues mira apunta [Y le dio la dirección] M: Ok, gracias! V: Pero creo que algo más querías decirme no? M: Vaya Valentina que bien me conoces. V: No es eso Maca, simplemente dijiste, en primer lugar eso significa que hay un segundo punto no? M: Jajajajaajaj, tienes razón. V: Pues vamos Maca suéltalo ya! M: Jaajajajaj, tú y tu impaciencia Valentina. V: … M: Allá voy, Valentina tu amas a Pía? V: … M: Valentina estas ahí? V: Sisi estoy aquí, pero tu como llegaste a esa conclusión' M: Mu sencillo, a ver he estado oyendo un programa de radio y de repente todas las canciones o al menos la mayoría de ellas, recordaban a muchas de las cosas que vivisteis las dos juntas allí en mi casa. V: … M: Y luego además el locutor leyó una nota con un mensaje precioso, dedicado a Pía y bueno simplemente até cabos y llegué a la conclusión de que todo esto solo podía ser obra tuya y todo porque la amas! V: Mira Maca voy a ser sincera contigo, si la amo, amo a Pía como nunca he amado a nadie, he tenido mil dudas, le he hecho mucho daño al a persona más especial de mi vida por no ser sincera conmigo misma, pero eso se acabó a partir de hoy mi vida es Pía, se acabaron las dudas, los miedos, las inseguridades, voy a hacer lo posible por tenerla a mi lado y siendo su cumpleaños no podía desaprovechar la ocasión de intentar que este día sea el más especial de su vida M: Eso muy bonito, pero con lo que me dices me etas confirmando que entonces en mi casa entre ustedes ya había algo. V: Maca eso ya no te lo voy a contar, eso es algo que pasara o no es de Pía y mío! M: Lo entiendo1 V: Maca, ahora que me he confesado contigo espero que mañana estés en la fiesta. M: Claro ahí estaré con Teo y con Emiliano. V: Perfecto, puedo pedirte un favor Maca? M: Claro dime! V: No la llaméis para felicitarla ok? M: Ok, pero porque? V: SORPRESA, es que todo el día de hoy esta cronometrado y programado minuto a minuto. M: Ok, entonces nos vemos allí a las nueve. V: Ok, XAO! La radio seguía sonando en casa de nuestras dos protagonistas. Radio: Dicen que el sueño de cada día, Esconde rosas llenas de espinas, Te araña el alma y te da la vida, Pasa de largo, va de puntillas, Y en cada rincón se enciende otro sol, Y la distancia Se hace más corta entre los dos... Siente la magia del corazón, Cada latido será un color, Que pinte el cielo de tus fantasías, Que borre el gris de tu melancolía, Si llevas dentro la magia del corazón... Libros gastados, zapatos viejos, Y aquellos besos que son eternos, Gente sin nada, gente con suerte, Si estoy contigo nunca amanece, Maldito reloj, bendita pasión, Que se desnuda entre la piel... Siente la magia del corazón, Cada latido será un color, Que pinte el cielo de tus fantasías, Que borre el gris de tu melancolía, Si llevas dentro la magia del corazón... Destinos que cruzan abismos, Pendientes de un hilo Que mueve algún Dios... Los silencios se vuelven deseos, Que cambian el rumbo de cada ilusión... Donde se detiene el viento, Nace el eco de tus besos... Siente la magia del corazón, Cada latido será un color, Que pinte el cielo de tus fantasías, Que borre el gris de tu melancolía, Si llevas dentro la magia del corazón..., Del corazón... Radio: Como quisiera detener el tiempo En este instante y verte una y otra... Otra vez Y volver a detenerlo luego Quisiera que se nos pasara, una y otra... Otra vez El momento de dejarnos... No ves... Y estar así, haciéndonos cosquillas solo con vivir Sabiendo que te tengo y me tienes pa' ti Y una y otra … Y otra vez Besarnos hasta que llegue a estorbarnos la piel Hasta que los sentidos no sepan por qué Hasta que nos muramos si ha de ser de amor Hasta que más no pueda ser Una y otra ... Y otra vez Hasta llegar a enloquecer Hasta que no exista más mundo Una y otra y otra vez Y enloquecer Como quisiera detener el tiempo en el mismito instante en el que hacemos de… De cada beso un color nuevo Cosa buena de silencio de caricias algo serio hacemos que Solo nuestros ojos sepan que decir Y estar así, haciéndonos cosquillas solo con vivir Sabiendo que te tengo y me tienes pa' ti Y una y otra ... Y otra vez Besarnos hasta que llegue a estorbarnos la piel Hasta que los sentidos no sepan por qué Hasta que nos muramos si ha de ser de amor Hasta que más no pueda ser Una y otra ... Y otra vez Hasta llegar a enloquecer Hasta que no exista más mundo Una y otra y otra vez Y enloquecer Y enloquecer Y enloquecer Radio: Tan solo mirarte a la cara Y abrirte las puertas una vez más Tan solo mirarte a los ojos ya se Nunca me perderás Quizás no me salgan palabras, Quizás sea tu juego y tu nunca lo acabas Tan solo mirarte a los ojos ya se Hoy nace un día más. Vestido de llanto me acerco y no alcanzo Tantos años buenos, de buenos regalos Que yo soy un loco si Pero nunca te mentí Por favor no quiero verme mas así Y Dile que se pare el tiempo Que nos deje en paz para tocarnos Y dile que dormir es un tormento Porque has venido si no es a buscarme A la luna prometí, siempre estar cerca de ti Y esto amiga mía, ya no No es cosa mía Tan solo mirarte a los ojos Te digo que me he vuelto loco Tan solo mirarte a los ojos Son ya cuatro meses Durmiéndome solo Ha pasado de todo Que soy yo quien te espera Dormida entre manos ajenas Ya lo se Que a veces te hice daño Ya lo se Que a veces fue tan raro Pero que me parta el alma dios y que me quite la razón Si te miento cuando digo que te amo Vestido de llanto me acerco y no alcanzo Tantos años buenos de buenos regalos Que yo soy un loco si Pero yo no sé mentir Por favor no quiero verme más así Y Dile que se pare el tiempo Que nos deje en paz para tocarnos Y dile que dormir es un tormento Porque has venido si no se ha buscarme A la luna prometí siempre estar cerca de ti Y esto amiga mía Ya no No es cosa mía Y dile que se pare el tiempo Aunque no sientas lo mismo me conformo con mirarte Y dile que dormir es un tormento Porque has venido si no es a buscarme A la luna prometí siempre estar cerca de ti Y esto amiga mía Ya no No es cosa mía Tan solo mirarte a los ojos Te digo que me he vuelto loco Las canciones siguieron sonando hasta las siete de la mañana, a esa hora el teléfono de Pía la sacó de su mundo de ilusión de su vida junto a Valentina. P: Si? Voz: Muy buenos días Pía! P: Hola! Quien es' Voz: Soy la voz del mensajero! P: El mensajero… Voz: Te llamo de la Radio Love FM, para darte un mensaje. P: Ams ok ok , la radio que lleva toda la noche dedicando canciones, para alguien? Voz: Efectivamente y me parece que ese alguien eres tú! Así que si quieres te digo le mensaje. P: Claro! [Su hipótesis cada vez se confirmaba más y más] Voz: El mensaje es de la misma persona, que te ha estado dedicando canciones durante toda la noche. P: Y puedo saber quién es? Voz: Por dos motivos, claramente no! P: Y son? Voz: el primero porque si te lo dijéramos perdería la gracia y el segundo es porque tampoco nos ha dicho quien es. P: Vaya! Voz: Pero bueno quieres oír el mensaje? P: Claro claro! Dime! [Nerviosa] Voz: [Se aclaró la garganta] Con mi guitarra en la mano, intentando componerte algo, me salen demasiadas cosas, pero todas sin sentido. Así que he preferido esta otra opción. Sabes que nunca me han gustado las etiquetas, eso lo sabes bien; pero en un día como hoy no podía olvidarme de ti y no hacer nada, día tras día me doy cuenta del a falta que me haces y de lo tonta que he sido, me doy cuenta que te necesito am i lado y solo quiero pedirte disculpas por si alguna vez te hice daño no lo hice queriendo, también espero que perdones mis dudas, mis errores, por fin tengo las cosas claras, han desaparecido los miedos, las dudas…. Hoy me he dado cuenta que por fin no me da miedo viajar a la luna siendo una Astronauta, pero que sin duda quiero quitarme el casco junto a ti. Hoy he preparado para ti el mejor día de tu vida, solo necesito saber una cosa, quiero saber una cosa, quieres pasarlo a mi lado? P: [Llorando] Claro! Que tengo que hacer? Voz: Entonces solo sigue el juego, las instrucciones son muy sencillas, y cuando menos te lo esperes estaré a tu lado y para siempre si tú me dejas. Muchísimas felicidades mi princesa, mi Pía. [Volviendo en si] Y esta canción también va para ti. Radio: Nadie como tú para hacerme reír. nadie como tú sabe tanto de mí. nadie como tú es capaz de compartir mis penas, mi tristeza, mis ganas de vivir. tienes ese don de dar tranquilidad, de saber escuchar, de envolverme en paz. tienes la virtud de hacerme olvidar el miedo que me da mirar la oscuridad. solamente tú lo puedes entender y solamente tú te lo podrás creer. En silencio y sin cruzar una palabra. solamente una mirada es suficiente para hablar. ya son más de veinte años de momentos congelados en recuerdos que jamás se olvidarán. Nadie como tú para pedir perdón. nadie como tú valora esta canción. nadie como tú me da su protección, me ayuda a caminar, me aparta del dolor. tienes ese don de dar tranquilidad, de saber escuchar, de envolverme en paz. tienes la virtud de hacerme olvidar el miedo que me da mirar la oscuridad. solamente tú lo puedes entender y solamente tú te lo podrás creer. En silencio y sin cruzar una palabra. solamente una mirada es suficiente para hablar. ya son más de veinte años de momentos congelados en recuerdos que jamás se olvidarán. Y pasarán los años y siempre estarás buscando un plan para que se hagan realidad los sueños que soñábamos antes de ayer al dormir hablando del tiempo que nos quedará por vivir. En silencio y sin cruzar una palabra. solamente una mirada es suficiente para hablar. ya son más de veinte años de momentos congelados en recuerdos que jamás se olvidarán. Y sin hablar. sólo al mirar sabremos llegar a entender que jamás ni nada ni nadie en la vida nos separará. Al terminar la canción Voz: Bueno Pía que tengas un día genial! P: Muchas gracias! Voz: Y antes de cortar la conversación, me dejas decirte algo? P: Claro dime! Voz: Esa persona, se ve que te quiere, ha tardado en darse cuenta pero se nota a leguas que te quiere, así que dale una oportunidad, daros una oportunidad! P: Muchas gracias, y tranquilo que lo haré! Voz: Me alegro, pues lo dicho Muchas felicidades y que disfrutes del día! Y sobre todo se FELIZ! P: Gracias XAO! Colgó el teléfono y cogió la camisa de Valentina. P: [Totalmente nerviosa] Mi Valen, ahora sí que tengo confirmado que eres tú, pero que significa esto, significa que ya no tienes dudas? Que realmente quieres quitarte le casco y viajar conmigo al a Luna, quieres lanzarte al vacío de las etiquetas sin paracaídas, parece que por fin has aceptado lo que eres, o simplemente has aceptado tus sentimientos, pero la que tiene miedo soy yo, tengo miedo a volverme a ilusionar y volver a caerme, que me tienes preparado Valen? Al poco tiempo, el timbre de su casa empezó a sonar con insistencia, Pía nerviosa se acercó, miró por la mirilla y al no ver a nadie, abrió la puerta. Detrás del a puerta no había nadie solo había un sobre con su nombre. Pía lo cogió, se metió hacía casa y cerró la puerta. P: [Leyendo] Hola, buenos días mi Pía, preparada para el juego? No pretendo que te asustes, simplemente quiero hacerte pasar le mejor día de tu vida y para ello necesito tu ayuda, que sigas los pasos sin hacer preguntas, luego yo te las respondo todas, si todavía te queda alguna duda, ok? Bien esta nota te la ha entregado Hugo, ahora mismo estarás pensando quién diablos es Hugo [Pía sonrió porque había hecho eso exactamente] , bueno pues él es tu chofer, hoy él es el único que sabe el objetivo de esto pero no puede peguntarle nada, solo fíate de mi ok? Tienes media hora, para prepararte hasta que llegue de nuevo Hugo y empiece por fin tu aventura hoy! No preguntes nada y déjate llevar, espero que disfrutes del día cada vez estoy más cerca, para estar a tu lado. \" Para que yo te olvide, tiene que haber dos señales: que se hunda la tierra y se separen los mares \" Siempre tuya! ASTRONAUTA! Pía se fue a arreglarse y a la media hora exacta, el timbre de su casa sonaba. Pía fue a abrir. H: Muchísimas felicidades señorita Pía! P: Muchas gracias! H: Muy buenos días señorita Pía, soy Hugo su chofer, hoy estoy a su servicio. P: Muy buenos días y gracias. H: Si me hace el favor… [Le puso el brazo para que se cogiera de él y le guió hasta la puerta de su portal] Allí Pía se quedó impresionada ya que des la puerta hasta la limusina blanca, había una alfombra enorme de color naranja que le guiaba hasta el coche, Hugo dejó a Pía en el portal y se acercó a abrirle la puerta. Cuando Pía estuvo lista para empezar la aventura, empezó a caminar hacía la limusina donde Hugo le esperaba con la puerta abierta. Mientras Pía se acercaba hacía la limusina iba pensando… P: Valentina, yo no me merezco esto, pero si lo que querías lograr era que me sintiera diferente, y la persona más especial del mundo, con esto ya lo has logrado, si antes ya me tenias robado el corazón con esto … Al llegar a la puerta del coche, Hugo esperó a que termine de entrar y cerró la puerta. Pía estaba emocionadísima con lo que había allí dentro no se podía creer que eso estuviera pasando de verdad, se pellizcó un par de veces en el brazo para comprobar que no era un sueño. Desde que Pía se había subido al coche estaba sonando música que significaba mucho para ella pero esta vez no era el cantante quien cantaba sino que la voz que provenía del altavoz no era otra que la de su amada. A : Si volviera a nacer si empezara de nuevo volvería a buscarte en mi nave del tiempo es el destino quien nos lleva y nos guía nos separa y nos une otra vez de la vida Nos dijimos adiós pasaron los años volvimos a vernos una noche de sábado otro país, otra ciudad, otra vida pero la misma mirada felina a veces te mataría y otras en cambio te quiero comer ojillos de agua marina Como hablar si cada parte de mi mente es tuya y si no encuentra la palabra exacta como hablar como decirte que me has ganado poquito a poco tu que llegaste por casualidad como hablar Como un pájaro de fuego que se muere en tus manos un trozo de hielo deshecho en los labios la radio sigue sonando, la guerra ha acabo pero las ojeras no se han apagado aun Como hablar si cada parte de mi mente es tuya y si no encuentra la palabra exacta como hablar como decirte que me has ganado poquito a poco tu que llegaste por casualidad como hablar A veces te mataría y otras en cambio te quiero comer me estas quitando la vida Como hablar si cada parte de mi mente es tuya y si no encuentra la palabra exacta como hablar como decirte que me has ganado poquito a poco tu que llegaste por casualidad como hablar Como hablar si cada parte de mi mente es tuya y si no encuentra la palabra exacta como hablar porque no sé cómo decirte que me has ganado poquito a poco tu que llegaste por casualidad como hablar Al terminar la canción Hugo le entregó una nueva nota.[Chapter 6] Un poquito más para continuar el cumpleaños, os cuelgo varios seguidos, para compensaros por la espera, pero espero que comentéis que os parece este cumpleaños Al terminar la canción Hugo le entregó una nueva nota. H: [Dándole la nota] Tenga señorita Pía esto es para usted. P: [Cogiendo la nota] Gracias! [Leyendo] Como hablar si cada parte de mi mente es tuya, y si no encuentro la palabra exacta, como hablar. Como decirte que m has ganado poquito a poco, tú que llegaste por casualidad, como hablar. Esta canción define perfectamente aquello que nunca me ha gustado mucho hacer, poner etiquetas, esta canción en pocas palaras te cuenta lo que siento y sobre todo lo que provocas en mi. Pero bueno esta nota, no es para esto es para decirte que no te pellizques ni te golpees ni nada, porque es verdad no es un sueño, [Pía sonrió] estás viviendo esto, así que disfrútalo porque es todo para ti, esto solo es el principio, pero recuerda que no puedes preguntar nada, cada vez queda menos para estar junto a ti. \" No creas que no he hecho nada para llegar hasta ti, tuve que pelear con mi timidez, dar muerte a mi miedo, y o aquí me tienes\" Tu astronauta! En el coche seguía sonando la música. A: Mi consentida tu Tu siempre mi niña mimada La dicha que nunca se acaba Tu mi fe, mi devoción Mí consentida tú Los ojos por los que yo miro La niña por la que suspiro La que me hace tan feliz Eres tú siempre la llave Que abre cada sueño Mi debilidad Tu mi razón de ser, mi ley La magia que me hace seguir en pie Mi consentida La más bella de este mundo La que da este amor profundo La que me da fuerzas y calma mi sed Mí consentida, mi oración Por la que orgulloso presumo de amor Mi luz, mi juventud dormida, mi admiración Mi consentida Mí consentida tú La boca que marca mi rumbo Tu piel es mi mapa del mundo Donde queda tanto por vivir Eres tú siempre la llave Que abre cada sueño, mi debilidad Tu mi razón de ser, mi ley La magia que me hace seguir en pie Mi consentida La más bella de este mundo La que da este amor profundo La que me da fuerzas y calma mi sed Mí consentida, mi oración Por la que orgulloso presumo de amor Mi luz, mi juventud dormida, mi admiración Mi consentida La más bella de este mundo La que da este amor profundo La que me da fuerzas y calma mi sed Mí consentida, mi oración Por la que orgulloso presumo de amor Mi luz, mi juventud dormida, mi admiración La más linda tu Mi estrella tu La luz que me guía en la oscuridad La más hermosa tu En sueños tú Tu ausencia me mata Me quema en el alma tu adiós El coche se había puesto en marcha. Al terminar la canción otra nota aparecía de un cajón del coche. P: [Leyendo] Se que nunca te lo he dicho, siempre he estado muy segura de lo que sentía por ti, pero necesitaba quitarme esos miedos, superar el que dirán, dejar de ser una cobarde, para volver a ser tu Valentona. \"El amor empieza con una mirada, se siente con un beso y se dice con una palabra, gracias por mirarme y sobre todo por besarme\" Al momento el coche paró y Hugo le abrió la puerta. H: [Ayudándola a salir del coche] Señorita Pía si me permite. Una vez fuera del coche Pía se fijó dónde estaba y se vio enfrente de la mejor Crepería de la ciudad. Hugo le dio una nueva nota. P: [Leyendo] Princesa, imagino que no habrás desayunado nada, así que por eso te traigo aquí, espero que te guste esta es la segunda fase, ya quedan menos… Que aproveche Princesa \" El amor es algo que no se puede explicar, pero si lo puedes sentir.\" Pía se acercó hacía la puerta, un camarero al verla se acercó hacía ella. C: Hola señorita Pía la estábamos esperando P: Hola, buenos días. C: Por favor, sígame, que le mostraré su mesa. El camarero la acercó hacia su mesa, desde la cual se veía el jardín exterior, donde había una cascada preciosa, encima de la mesa había otra nota. P: [Leyendo] Espero que las vistas te gusten, me gustará estar viendo esa carilla que tiene puesta, seguro que es una cara entre sorpresa, emoción, amor… mil sentimiento que no sabes por dónde van a salir, pero guárdalos todo eso guárdalo, para cuando estés a mi lado… \" El tesoro más importante que yo puedo cuidar no es oro ni plata, sino tú.\" El camarero le fue trayendo poco a poco lo que estaba encargado, y al final del maravilloso desayuno el camarero le acercó otra nota. P: [Leyendo] Espero que hayas disfrutado del desayunado, ahora vuelve al coche que Hugo te tiene que llevar a otro lugar, cada vez estas más cerca de mí! Te espero Princesa. \" Eres mi sueño, eres mi ilusión, eres una rosa brotando en mi corazón\" C: Espero que todo haya sido de su agrado, muchas gracias, y hasta otra. P: Todo maravilloso, muchísimas gracias por todo, nos vemos Pía se despidió de su camarero y salió del a crepería donde Hugo ya le esperaba con la puerta del coche abierta, antes de entrar Hugo le dio una nueva nota. P: Otra? H: Recuerda nada de preguntas… P: Jajajajaja, está bien está bien, Ay mi Valen… Entró en el coche de fondo sonaba una canción. A: Te encuentro despierto Me dices lo siento Con una lagrima derramas me abrazas me hielo me pides un beso y yo me quedo sin respirar solo espera un momento solo dime no es cierto solo quedate en silencio cinco minutos acariciame un momento ven junto a mi te dare el ultimo beso el mas profundo guardare mis sentimientos y me ire lejos de ti Tengo tanto miedo y es que no comprendo que fue lo que yo he hecho mal me abrazas me hielo me pides un beso y yo me quedo sin respirar solo espera un momento solo dime no es cierto solo quedate en silencio cinco minutos acariciame un momento ven junto a mi te dare el ultimo beso el mas profundo guardare mis sentimientos y me ire lejos de ti dame tu mano devuelveme el aire di que me amas que no eres culpable por lo menos un momento dime que esto no es cierto solo quedate en silencio acariciame un momento te dare el ultimo beso guardare mis sentimientos y me ire lejos de ti solo quedate en silencio cinco minutos acariciame un momento ven junto a mi te dare el ultimo beso el mas profundo guardare mis sentimientos y me iré lejos de ti. P: Ay Valentina, me encantan estos detalles de las notas, en cada una de ellas hay un mensaje que cada vez hace que te ame más y más, solo juego a este juego para llegar a tu lado. [Leyendo] El día no ha hecho más que empezar estas preparada para seguir el juego?, espero que disfrutes del día, de la misma manera que yo he disfrutado preparándolo todo para ti. Ya me queda menos para estar a tu lado. Tu Astronauta. \" La lima nació verde, el tiempo la maduró. Mi corazón nació libre y el tuyo lo conquistó.\" En el coche sonaba una nueva canción. A: Puedes olvidarte de mis ojos, de mi voz de las veces que con vino derrochabamos pasión Puedes olvidarte de que un tiempo fuiste yo pero nunca olvidaras que me quisiste tanto, tanto, tanto Puedes olvidarlo todo y no mirar atras esconder en tu memoria mi recuerdo más carnal pero hay algo muy sencillo que jamas olvidaras los momentos que me amaste,eso no lo olvidaras. Para siempre, para siempre me tendras escondido en tu memoria, en tu alma, en tu verdad y por mucho que lo intentes en tus sueños me veras regalandote caricias, regalandote un quizas. Puedes olvidarte de la fuerte tentacion con la que necesitabas aretarme hasta el dolor Puedes olvidarte de las horas del reloj pero nunca olvidaras mis segundos en tu alma. Para siempre, para siempre me tendras escondido en tu memoria, en tu alma, en tu verdad y por mucho que lo intentes en tus sueños me veras regalandote caricias, regalandote un quizas. Para siempre, para siempre puedo estar enjaulado en tu pasado, muy callado sin hablar y la llave de tu voz la tiene el tiempo que al final hara q te recuerde que jamas te olvidaras... H: Señorita Pía puede mirar a su izquierda porfavor? Empezó a sonar un nueva canción A: Hoy quiero ir a encontrar, todo lo que hay dentro de mi. Sacar toda esa sensibilidad, que me acerque a ti, que me lleve allí. Y a pesar de todo me pregunto ¿qué no di? Y al vivir me oculto mis defectos para poder dormir... Ya nada volverá a ser como antes, nunca dejaré que nada me cambie, estaremos conociendo nuestra parte original. Ya nunca volverá a ser como antes, nunca dejaré que nada me cambie, estaremos conociendo nuestra parte de verdad. Tras una sombra gris, que no me deja ver, podré esperar que pase algo hoy, con lo que tengo aquí, y no quiere salir. Y a pesar de todo me pregunto ¿qué no di? Y al vivir me oculto mis defectos para poder dormir... Ya nada volverá a ser como antes, nunca dejaré que nada me cambie, estaremos conociendo nuestra parte original. Ya nunca volverá a ser como antes, nunca dejaré que nada me cambie, estaremos conociendo nuestra parte de verdad. Estaremos conociendo nuestra parte original Pía empezó a mirar por la ventanilla y sus ojos brillaron al ver lo que había colgado en los puentes y en los balcones de la gente, empezó a leer lo que ponía en las pancartas. P: [Leyendo] \"No se si vivo para pensar en ti, o pienso en ti para poder vivir\" \" un o esta enamorado cuando se da cuneta de que la otra persona es única\" \" El amor es unirse a pesar de todo los pronósticos\" En el coche sonaba una nueva canción. A: No quiero estar sin ti Si tú no estás aquí me sobra el aire No quiero estar así Si tú no estás la gente se hace nadie Si tú no estás aquí no sé Que diablos hago amándote Si tú no estás aquí sabrás Que Dios no va a entender por qué te vas No quiero estar sin ti Si tú no estás aquí me falta el sueño No quiero andar así Latiendo un corazón de amor sin dueño Si tú no estás aquí no sé... Derramaré mis sueños si algún día no te tengo Lo más grande se hará lo más pequeño Pasearé en un cielo sin estrellas esta vez Tratando de entender quién hizo un infierno el paraíso No te vayas nunca porque No puedo estar sin ti Si tú no estás aquí me quema el aire Si tú no estás aquí no sé... Si tú no estás aquí. La última pancarta que se veía era sin duda la más grande, en la que había una foto de las seis locas Adela, Greta, Marisa, Nina, Valentina y ella. P: Esta loca, pero como se le ocurren estas cosas. [Leyendo] Tus amigas que te quieren, te desean el mejor de los cumpleños, FELICIDADES PÍA! Esa pancarta la izó sonreir como una boba, a Pía con ese gesto ya le empezaba a costar controlar su emociones. Hugo le acercó a una tienda de vestidos Al entrar al chica de la tienda le dio antes de nada una nueva nota. P: [Leyendo] Princesa se que no te gustan mucho este tipo de cosas, pero hazlo por mi, elige uno de los vestidos que te enseñará la chica y llévatelo puesto ok? La espera ya casi termina Princesa. \" Cada día le quiero mas que ayer y menos que mañana.\" D: Muchisimas felicidades señorita Pía! P: Gracias! D: Como ya ha visto en la nota, tiene que elegir… P: Esta bien, enséñeme los modelos. D: Sigame por favor Pía acompañó al a dependienta al otro lado de la tienda. D: Aquí lo tiene, aquí tiene el probador, pruébeselos y cuando se haya decidido avíseme. Pía entró en el probador en la tienda de mientras sonaba al canción A: Te imagino y la soledad se me llena de ti Y no es fácil poder decir lo que llego a sentir Llevo tiempo buscándote En mi alma y mi piel Llevo tiempo soñándo que No te quiero perder Eres tan frágil como la luz, abres mi amanecer Si no me alumbras yo, no me acabo de encender Y soy un corazón que se derriba Y late cada vez con menos vida Llevo tiempo buscándote En mi alma y mi piel Llevo tiempo soñándo que No te quiero perder Cada vez que Pía estaba dentro de un probador recordaba le momento que vivió con Valentina, al poco timepo de llegar ella a CASA MACA. A Pía le costó un buen rato, decidir con cual de los dos vestidos se quedaba, ya que los dos le quedaban espectaculares. Dentro de uno de los vestidos Pía encontró otra nota, decidió leerla una vez se hubiera decidido por uno de los dos vestidos, cuando ya se había decidido por el blanco, decidió leer la nota. P: [Leyendo] Imagino que los dos vestidos te quedaran de escándalo no quiero imaginarte con ellos puestos porque me pongo mala, y como seguro que te cuesta elegir, porque no te dejas puesto el blanco y el otro te lo llevas también? Pero ahora solo llevate el blanco, a por el otro vienes luego. \" El amor es una condición en la que la felicidad de otra persona es condición imprescindible para su propia felicidad.\"[Chapter 7] Y un poquito más todavía. Ya me diréis que o paree, pero aun queda historia para rato….. Al final Pía cumplió los deseos de su Valentina, y se llevó los dos pero el otro lo dejó en la tienda, se fue con el blanco puesto, y su ropa en una bolsa. Al salir del probador. P: Al final me llevo los dos, pero le otro lo dejo aquí ya vendré a por él. D: Perfecto! Pues luego nos vemos! P: Xao! D: Que vaya genial y disfrute de lo que le espera. P: Muchas gracias por todo, que vaya bien. D: Xao! Pía volvió al coche y allí sonaba una nueva canción A: Como quisiera, poder vivir sin aire. Como quisieeera, poder vivir sin agua. Me encantaria, quererte un poco menos. Sssss. Como quisieraaa, poder viviiiir sin ti. Pero no puedo, siento que muero, me estoy ahogando sin tu amooor. Como quisiera, poder vivir sin aire. Como quisiera, calmar mi aflicción. Como quisiera, poder vivir sin agua. Me encantaria, robar tu corazón. Como pudiera, un pez nadar sin agua. nnno,no,no. Como pudiera, un ave volaaar sin alas. Como pudieraa, la flor crezeer sin tierra. Oh,no. Como quisieeera, poder viviiiir sin ti. Oooooh,noo. Pero no puedo, siento que mueero. Me estoy ahogaaando, sin tu aamooor. Como quisiera, poder viviir sin aaaire. Como quisieera, calmar mi aflicción. Como quisiera, poder viviir sin aaagua. Me encantaria provar tu corazón. Como quisiera, lanzarte a dormido. Como quisiera, guardarte en un cajóóón. Como quisiera, borrarte de un sopliiido. Me encantaria, guardar esta canciiión. Hugo le dio una nueva nota. P: [Leyendo] Princesa que te parece si vamos a comer? Ya va siendo hora, tienes hambre? Pues allá vamos. Próximo destino algún sitio para comer. \" Lejos de mí, pero no de mis pensamientos nadie podrá borrar el amor que por ti siento\" En el coche sonaba una nueva canción. A: Dentro de mi vida, donde se ha creado todo, donde están todos mis miedos, donde entro si estoy solo. Donde guardo mis caricias como si fueran tesoros, donde tengo mis sonrisas escondidas como el oro. Lejos de tu vida, dentro de la mía. (x2) Será para ti un regalo por abrir, que tendrás que cuidar para abrirme más a ti. Y serás para mi lo mas grande hasta morir. Te querré todo y más, mírame yo estoy aquí. En el centro de mi vida, donde ha nacido todo, donde estoy yo de pequeño, donde escucho creo y lloro. Donde está eso que me invita a acercarme y no estar solo. Todo eso te lo entrego, cuídalo que es mi tesoro. Lejos de tu vida, dentro de la mía. Será para ti un regalo por abrir, que tendrás que cuidar para abrirme más a ti. Y serás para mi lo mas grande hasta morir. Te querré todo y más, mírame yo estoy aquí. Y dentro del amor existe una mitad que da miedo pensar, que da miedo afrontar y que se acaba, cuando tú quieras eso cambia. Y hoy cambiaré pensar por dejarme llevar. Voy a intentar mostrar lo que hay que regalar con la mirada. Seguro que mi cara gana. Dentro de mi vida, donde se ha creado todo. Donde están todos mis miedos, donde entro si estoy solo El coche se detuvó delante de un restaurante muy lujoso. Pía se acercó hacía la puerta. En la puert la recojió un chico. Ch: Muchas felicidades señoríta Pía. P: Muchas gracias! Ch: Hola soy Agustín y hoy seré su camarero. P: Encantada. A: Si es usted tan amable de acompañarme, por aquí por favor. Agustín la llevó hasta la mesa que le correspondía, encima de la mesa había un enorme corazón realizado con petalos de rosas rojas y dentro de él una letras fomadas con petalos amarillos donde ponía P&V.; En la mesa también habían un par de velas, una botella de champán y otra nota. Desde quye Pía había entrado al restaurante, una mujer la observaba desde otro lugar del restaurante, y cuando vió que se disponía a leer la nota se acercó a ella por detrás y mientras Pía leía, esa mujer le susurraba lo que decía la nota. P: [Leyendo] \"Desde que te conocí sentí que se detenía el tiempo, que creábamos un mundo solo nuestro, donde no existían ni los relojes, ni los calendarios, ni… Ahora que ya he superado mis miedos, mis temores, mis dudas, y todo lo que me frenaba, ahora puedo decirlo alto y claro\" Si quieres saber como termina la nota date la vuelta. Pía con una sonrisa en los labios se dio la vuelta y allí vió a su Valentina tan guapa, hoy no llevaba sus miticos vaqueros ni sus camisas de cuadros si no que se había puesto un vestido y un poquito de maquillaje. P: Guau! [Embobada mirandola] Estas hermosa! V: No más que tu! P: Gracias! V: Gracias, porque? P: Por todo esto! V: Las cosa que salen del corazón y se hacen porque uno quiere no tienen que agradecerse, pero hay un cosa que me sorprende. P: Que? V: Que no me has preguntado por el final de la nota… P: Y sabes por qué no lo he hecho? V: Vaya porque? P: Porque se lo que vendría y yo siento exactamente lo mismo. Pía entrelazó sus dedos con los de Valentina. P: Yo también te quiero! Valentina le dio un piquito. Agustín llegaba con los entrantes, así que las chicas sin separar sus manos se sentaron en la mesa. A: Para que vayan abriendo boca unas lionesas de langostino y langostino con salsa gol. Lo puso encima de la mesa. P: Valentina, podemos hablar? V: Pía, princesa creo que sobran las palabras. P: Ya, pero yo quiero decirte algo. V: Tengo que asustarme? No he logrado que me ames? No he logrado que me des una oportunidad? P: [Cogiéndole la mano y dándole un besito en la misma] No nada de eso, pero es algo que llevo todo el día queriéndote decir. V: Esta bien dime. P. Esto es…. [Intentando encontrar las palabras] Maravilloso! V: Como tú! [Mirándola con carilla de enamorada y acariciándole la mano] P: Ay Valen, que estoy hablando en serio. [Sonrojada] V: Y yo también! P: [Sonrojada] Déjame explicarme y no me interrumpas ok? Valentina asintió con la cabeza. P: Creo que no me merezco todo esto, pero muchas gracias de vedad, me has hecho sentirme única. V: No tienes que darme las gracias, cuando mi cerebro y mi corazón superaron todas las dudas que me impedían estar contigo y sobretodo ser feliz, mi corazón hizo el resto, como un arrebato, me parecía que el día de tu cumpleaños era el día perfecto para montar algo así y sobre todo para declararme y que supieras que te amo y ahora ya lo puedo decir con todas las letras sin ningún tipo de tapujo ni de duda, ya no existen ahora estoy cien por cien segura del o que siento por ti, y ya no me importa poner nombres ni etiquetas ni nada, porque te amo, que me llamen o me digan lo que quieran… P: Valen [Interrumpiéndola] No hace falta que me digas más, con tus actos de hoy me has dejado claro que no te importa a nada, que solo quieres estar conmigo, no necesito más para saber que tus sentimientos son sinceros, también se que llegar hasta aquí te debe de haber costado horrores, pero nos queda toda la vida, para que me lo cuentes. Valentina sonrió cogió la mano de Pía, se levantó de la mesa y le dio un piquito. V: Princesa, hacemos una cosa ahora comemos y cuando terminé el día si todavía tienes dudas o quieres decirme algo, habrá tiempo ok? Pero ahora disfruta de la velada. Pía asintió, y empezaron con los entrantes, poco a poco Agustín les fue trayendo los platos, pero a la hora del postre en el platito de Pía venía una nueva nota. P: [Viendola] Jajajaja, Valen, mi Valen ahora estas aquí enfrente de mi, puedes comunicarte conmigo por palabras. V: [Siguiendole la broma] Pero princesa, si te lo digo de palabra, pierde romanticismo y además a mi me dijeron de pequeña que las cosas se demuestran con actos y que las palabras se las lleva el viento, por eso hazme un favor más leelo [ Poniendo carilla de pena] P: [Leyendo] Estamos a la mitad de tu maravilloso día, pero ahora si me lo permites me gustaría acabar el viaje a tu lado, así que… V: [Acabando la frase y levantándose de la silla] Haces el favor de seguirme, princesa? Pía le sonríe se cojen de la mano y se dirijen hacía la puerta del restaurante, se despiden del camarero, para llegar a la limusina, donde su chofer Hugo ya las estaba esperando, para llevarlas a su nuevo destino. Se subieron al coche sin soltarse en ningún momento la mano, allí en el coche, empezó a sonar una nueva canción A: Desde hace tanto tiempo guardo este sentimiento, me siento unido a ti, te veo y siento morir, se lo que debo sentir y no lo puedo decir, amor ya no quiero fingir, tonto soy si te me vas! Desde hace tanto tiempo guardo este sentimiento, me siento unida a ti, te veo y siento morir, se lo que debo sentir, porque no lo puedes decir? me harias tan feliz si pudieras compartir! juntos en silencio cuando hay tanto que decir (siempre juntos) juntos y distantes cuando hay tanto por vivir (juntos) juntos soñando los dos, un momento magico, juntos somos tu y yo el amor (tu y yo el amor) juntos los dos Desde hace tanto tiempo guardo este sentimiento, me siento unido a ti, te veo y siento morir, se lo que debo sentir y no lo puedo decir, amor ya no quiero fingir, tonto soy si te me vas! juntos en silencio cuando hay tanto que decir (juntos los dos) juntos y distantes cuando hay tanto por vivir juntos soñando los dos, un momento magico, juntos somos tu y yo el amor juntos los dos (tu y yo el amor) juntos en silencio cuando hay tanto que decir (siempre juntos) juntos y distantes cuando hay tanto por vivir juntos soñando los dos, un momento magico, juntos somos tu y yo el amor juntos en silencio cuando hay tanto que decir (siempre juntos) juntos y distantes cuando hay tanto por vivir juntos soñando los dos, un momento magico, juntos somos tu y yo el amor Pía aprovechó la canción para apoyar su cabeza sobre el hombro de Valentina, y esta ultima aprovechó para irle cantándole la letra al oído de su princesa. A: De pronto canto será por que te amo y siento el viento que pasa por tus manos todo es distinto cuando te estoy mirando no me comprendo sera por que te amo canto a tu ritmo y en pleno mes de enero es primavera será por que te amo si estamos junto no se ni donde estamos que nos importa será por que te amo vuela que vuela y verás que no es dificil volar vuela que vuela y veré al mundo loco de atar si canto canto por tí por un amor que aparece que nace y que crece dentro y fuera de mí vuela que vuela y verás que no es dificil volar vuela que vuela y veré al mundo loco de atar si canto canto por tí por un amor que aparece que nace y que crece dentro y fuera de mí duermo y no duermo pienso y no estoy pensando tan solo canto Las dos iban en su mundo, felices acariciándose el pelo y las manos, notaron que llegaron a su destino y Hugo fue a abrirles la puerta, a ellas les costó mucho separarse para bajarse. P: [Estirandose] Ya llegamos? Con lo agustito que estaba yo aquí… V: Venga princesa desperézate, que lo siguiente también te va a gustar Se bajaron las dos del coche y cuando Pía miró a su alrededor se dio cuenta de que estaba enfrente de un maravilloso SPA. A Pía no le salían las palabras se había quedado alucinada con lo que veía. V: Princesa [acariciándole la mano] te gusta? No me dices nada? P: [Que por fin reaccionó] Lo siento Valen, pero es que me había quedado adonadada, pero esto es increíble! V: No lo increíble es estar aquí contigo Pía se sonrojó, y se acercó a darle un pico a su astronauta. P: Vamos? Las dos entraron en las instalaciones del SPA. Al cruzar la puerta, dos chicas se acercarón a ellas. Ch1: Hola, muy buenas tardes! V: Hola! P: Muy buenas! Ch2: Hola, en primer lugar nos presentamos! Yo soy Lorena y ella [señalando a su compañera] es Elena y esta tare seremos sus guías por las instalaciones. E: Asi que si me hacen el favor de separarse. P: Separarnos? Como? E: Si separarse, hoy cada una tiene su propio vestuario para cambiarse. V: [Haciendose la sorprendida] Cada una en uno diferente? L: Eso mismo asi que por favor Pía acompañame. E: Y tu a mi Valentina. L y E: MUCHAS FELICIDADES PÍA. Mientras Lorena acompañó a Pía a su vestuario para que se cambiara. V: Muchas gracias Elena, sin vosotras… esto hoy no hubiera salido lo bien que esta saliendo y espero que ya acabé perfecta. E: De nada mujer, para eso estamos las amigas, para ayudarnos. V: Jajaaja, gracias. E: De nada, pero que te parece si nos dejamos de agradecimientos y corremos a acabar de montar eso, porque tenemos el tiempo justo de acabarlo, mientras Pía se cambia, y para que no sospeche tu tendrías que acabar casi casi al mismo tiempo, así que vete al vestuario que nosotras nos encargamos. V: Gracias Elena! [Y se fue corriendo al vestuario] Pía al llegar a su vestuario aún iba alucinando, no entendía como la habían separado de su Valentina, pero al abrir la puerta del vestuario, encontró sus respuestas, se le pasó el enfado o la confusión enseguida, eso era cosa de Valentina, seguía el juego, ya que encontró otra nota. P: [Leyendo] \"Hace unos minutos me decías que como me tenías delante no querías notitas, que te lo dijera, pues entonces he preferido hacerlo así, se me da mejor escribir que hablar ya lo sabes… por eso no te enfades con Lorena y Elena que me han ayudado en el tema SPA un montón, pero bueno para eso ya habrá tiempo de explicarte mis historias para lograr montarte esto, pero no perdamos tiempo, que contra más tiempo estés leyendo esto más tiempo estoy separada de ti y me entra el mono, AUN NO TE HAS IDO Y YA TE ECHO DE MENOS, así que en el vestuario al pasar esta puerta [Donde estaba la nota] ponte lo que encuentres, y te espero en la piscina grande. Un beso Princesa\" Pía estuvo un rato buscando, por el vestuario, hasta que dentro de una de las taquillas encontró un paquetito, lo abrió y allí se encontró con un bikini negro precioso, mientras se lo ponía. P: [Pensando] Que mona es! No deja de sorprenderme, a ver si puedo sorprenderla yo… algo se me ocurrirá, me muero por besarla, pero esta vez de verdad, me muero por decirle que quiero estar con ella para siempre. Uff, Pía deja de pensar eso que cuando llegues al a piscina el agua se evaporara, jajaajajaja. Este día no se me va a olvidar en la vida, que amorosa y detallista es, si es que es un ángel, mi ángel. Pía se dio cuenta de que en el bikini había una nueva nota, la cogió y se entretuvo a leerla. P: [Leyendo] Princesa, te ha costado encontrar el regalo? Jajajaajaja, estaba fácil dentro del a taquilla! Princesa, solo de imaginarte con este bikini puesto, uf… llevo varios días mala, jajajajaja pero ahora en serio, seguro que estas preciosa con él puesto, pero lo importante es que esté pasando un día genial, un cumpleaños muy especial. Amor te espero en la piscina. Te quiero tu Astronauta. Pía terminó de cambiarse y salió del vestuario, y llegaba hasta la piscina, desde el otro lado de la piscina Valentina miraba cuando comprobó que Pía había salido del vestuario, volvió a meterse dentro e hizo una llamada de teléfono. Mientras Pía se metió en el agua de la piscina a esperar a Valentina, mientras empezaba a sonar una canción. A: Muero por tus besos, por tu ingrata sonrisa, por tus bellas caricias eres tu mi alegria.. Pido que no me falles que nunca te me vayas y que nunca te olvides que soy yo quien te ama que soy yo quien te espera que soy yo quien te llora que soy yo quien te anhela los minutos y horas.. Me muero por besarte , dormirme en tu boca me muero por decirte que el mundo se equivoca .. Me muero por besarte dormirme en tu boca me muero por decirte que el mundo se equivoca .. que se equivoca.. que se equivoca Muero por tu ausencia que me hace extrañarte que me hace soñarte cuando mas me haces falta pido por la mañana que a mi lado despiertes enredado en la cama hay como me haces falta que soy yo quien te espera que soy yo quien te llora que soy yo quien te anhela, los minutos y horas.. Me muero por besarte , dormirme en tu boca me muero por decirte que el mundo se equivoca .. Me muero por besarte dormirme en tu boca me muero por decirte que el mundo se equivoca .. que se equivoca.. que se equivoca Me muero por besarte dormirme en tu boca me muero por decirte que el mundo se equivoca .. que se equivoca.. que se equivoca Pía estaba escuchando la canción con los ojos cerrados, relajada, disfrutando de la canción, al estar a punto de terminar la canción, unos brazos rodearon sus caderas y le susurraron al oído. V: [Susurrando] Me muero por besarte. [DEjandole un suave beso en el cuello]. P: [Girandose sin soltarse de las manos de Valentina] Yo también me muero por besarte. [Y le dio un beso en los labios] Estas genial, ese bikini rojo te queda genial. V: [Sonriendole] Vaya Pía, tu no te has visto verdad? P: [Abrazandose a Valentina] Eso es que tu me ves con buenos ojos. Poco a poco se fueron acercando, iban cerrando los ojos, Valentina cojía a Pía por la cintura y Pía a Valentina por las mejillas, ya estaban a escasos centímetros de juntar sus labios, ya podían notar la respiración de la otra, hasta que por fin juntaron sus labios, fue un contacto suave, con mucho cariño, pero sobre todo con mucho amor. Mientras ellas se abrazaban y se besaban sonaba una canción de fondo en el SPA. A: A veces pienso que te miento cuando me dices que te quiero porque se que esto ya no es querer a veces creo que te he muerto cuando no estas y yo despierto porque se que esto ya no es querer es algo mas algo que me llena algo que no mata ni envenena es algo mas algo que mas amar es algo mas que la distancia que el dolor y la nostalgia sabemos que eso nis va a separar es darte un beso casa noche que tu manos me enamoren y lo nuestro cresca cada dia mas porque somos algo mas... a veces creo que he vivido mas de mil años contigo porque se que esto ya no es querer a veces pienso que es mentira por como entraste en mi vida porque se que esto ya no es querer es algo mas algo que me llena algo que no mata ni envenena es algo mas algo que amar es algo mas que la distancia que el dolor y la nostalgia sabemos que esto ya no es querer y yo se que no es querer porque en tus ojos yo me puedo perder contigo olvido lo que es temer acaso no sabes que tu eres para mi la noche, el dia en mi vivir la sangre en mis venas lo doy todo por ti contigo el mundo no tiene final y el timepo no nos va a separar es algo mas que la distancia que el dolor y la nostalgia sabemos que esto ya no es querer V: [Separando sus labios de los de Pía] Mmmmm… Que dulces son tus labios. P: [Sonrojandose] Por fin mis sueños se hacen realidad. A: Tan solo mirarte a la cara Y abrirte las puertas una vez más Tan solo mirarte a los ojos ya se Nunca me perderás Quizás no me salgan palabras, Quizás sea tu juego y tu nunca lo acabas Tan solo mirarte a los ojos ya se Hoy nace un día más. Vestido de llanto me acerco y no alcanzo Tantos años buenos, de buenos regalos Que yo soy un loco si Pero nunca te mentí Por favor no quiero verme mas así Y Dile que se pare el tiempo Que nos deje en paz para tocarnos Y dile que dormir es un tormento Porque has venido si no es ha buscarme A la luna prometí, siempre estar cerca de ti Y esto amiga mía, ya no No es cosa mía Tan solo mirarte a los ojos Te digo que me he vuelto loco Tan solo mirarte a los ojos Son ya cuatro meses Durmiéndome solo Ha pasado de todo Que soy yo quien te espera Dormida entre manos ajenas Ya lo se Que a veces te hice daño Ya lo se Que a veces fue tan raro Pero que me parta el alma dios y que me quite la razón Si te miento cuando digo que te amo Vestido de llanto me acerco y no alcanzo Tantos años buenos de buenos regalos Que yo soy un loco si Pero yo no se mentir Por favor no quiero verme más así Y Dile que se pare el tiempo Que nos deje en paz para tocarnos Y dile que dormir es un tormento Porque has venido si no es ha buscarme A la luna prometí siempre estar cerca de ti Y esto amiga mía Ya no No es cosa mía Y dile que se pare el tiempo Aunque no sientas lo mismo me conformo con mirarte Y dile que dormir es un tormento Porque has venido si no es ha buscarme A la luna prometí siempre estar cerca de ti Y esto amiga mía Ya no No es cosa mía Tan solo mirarte a los ojos Te digo que me he vuelto loco Sin separarse estaban cojidas de la cintura. V: [Empezó a habalar] Pía, lo siento de verdad, fui una imbécil, siento todo le daño que te ice. P: Valentina cariño [A Valentina se le escapó una sonrisilla] V: [Pensando] Me ha llamado cariño, esto ya empieza a ser verdad, mi sueño se hace realidad. P: [Dándose cuenta que Valentina no estaba allí] Valen, cariño estas bien? V: [Volviendo a la realidad] Ay si perdona, estaba pensando en ti y me ido a las nubes. P: [Sonrojandose] Volviendo al tema, Valen de verdad no te preocupes, que esta todo olvidado. V: Gracias, pero hay una cosa que no entiendo, como me puedes perdonar tan rápido? P: Porque tus ojos, tus gestos, incluso tu corazón me decían lo contrario que tus palabras, solo te tenía que dar tiempo para que te dieras cuenta, y después de esto, creo que no hace falta nada más, por fin te has dado cuenta, el día que yo sabía que llegaría. V: Asi que vidente? [Dandose un beso] P: Si algo así. [Beso] Pasaron toda la tarde disfrutando del SPA, entre besos, arrumacos, abrazos, piropos, estuvieron en todas las piscinas, o en la mayoría. Estaban en el jacuzzi, cuando Pía tuvo una idea. P: Valen, cariño tengo que ir al baño. V: Princesa, quieres que te acompañe? P: No no te preocupes, quedate aquí, que ahora vengo. V: No tardes, porque aun no te has ido y ya te echo de menos. P: No tardo. Se dieron un beso a modo de despedida momentania, y Pía en vez de ir al baño, fue en busca o de Lorena o de Elena, a la que encontrara primero. Encontró a Elena. E: Hola Pía que haces aquí? P: Hola, quería hablar contigo. E: Claro dime, hay algo que no sea de tu agrado? P: No para nada no es eso, es que te quería pedir un favor. E: Claro dime, para eso estamos. P: Aquí haceis masajes verdad? E: Sip. P: Imagino que Valentina, habrá pedido uno. E: Eso ya no te lo puedo decir. P: No, no si no quiero que me digas nada. E: Entonces? P: Voy voy, lo que te quería pedir es que a la hora del masaje me dejarais que se lo diera yo a Valentina, que yo también la quiero sorprender. [Le dío las indicaciones de lo que quería] E: Ok, por mi perfecto, sin problema, pues cuando este todo listo, os llamaremos. P: Ok, muchas gracias, hasta luego! E: Xao! Pía volvió al jacuzzi, y vió a Valentina con los ojos cerrados, escuchando la música que sonaba en el SPA ","Summary":" Hacía una semana que las niñas mal habían salido de casa Maca, durante esa semana habían estado man"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Love is not a competition","Author":"RiotIs","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6602925","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Un año ha pasado desde que las niñas salieron de la casa de Maca, algunas mantuvieron el contacto, algunas otras no. Pero cuando repentinamente vuelven a verse, las emociones, sentimientos y amistades vuelven a conectarse... Love is not a competition Ha pasado un poco más de un año desde que salí de casa de Maca. Mi vida desde entonces ha tenido sus altas y sus bajas. No perdí el tiempo en volver a casa, ¿para que? Era una estupidez vivir en un lugar que yo sola mantenía, por esas razones decidí vivir sola. No fue nada fácil, encontrar trabajo sin haber terminado la escuela es un total y desastroso obstáculo, al final, entre trabajillos aquí y acá, encontré uno en el cuál me he establecido. \"Pía\" escuché que llamaban mi nombre y levanté mi mirada de la caja registradora. \"Los de la mesa 2 quieren hablar contigo\". Una de las meseras me dijo mientras emprendía su camino hacia la cocina. Yo suspire y giré mis ojos con irritación. Generalmente cuando alguien quería una palabra conmigo era de seguro por una queja o porque habíamos hecho algo bien, la mayoría de las veces era la primera. Dejando lo que estaba haciendo, me dirigí hacia la mesa que me habían señalado, desde lejos podía ver a una pareja sentada, los dos se parecían mucho físicamente; jóvenes, morenos y además usaban lo que parecía ser ropa muy costosa. No sabía que esperar de ellos. Con una amable y dulce sonrisa me acerqué hacia ellos. \"¿En que puedo ayudarles?\" les pregunte amablemente. Los dos subieron su mirada hacia mí y me sonrieron brillantemente, no podía ver sus ojos porque los dos traían puestos lentes de sol. \"¿Tanto tiempo ha pasado que no te acuerdas de nosotros?\" la morena me preguntó con una sonrisa a medias. Su voz se me hacía extremadamente familiar. Yo fruncí el ceño en confusión y sacudí mi cabeza. La pareja de está bella mujer soltó una pequeña risa y con un suave movimiento removió los lentes de sus ojos. Me quedé boquiabierta, detrás de esos lentes resurgieron los ojos cordiales de Ignacio, rápidamente una sonrisa se dibujo en mis labios. Eso significaba que la mujer con la que estaba era… \"PIA!\" Adela exclamó y se levantó de la mesa extendiendo sus brazos. Aún me encontraba sorprendida de lo que había pasado. Con los recuerdos de la casa de Maca y la emoción corriendo dentro de mi corazón, felizmente me acerqué a abrazarla fuertemente, éramos como dos amigas que no se habían visto en mucho tiempo. \"Ay Adela\" le suspire mientras rompíamos el abrazo, agarré sus manos con las mías y la vi de arriba hacia abajo. \"Te ves genial!\" le dije riendo. \"Y tu te vez más sexy que nunca!\" Adela me dijo guiñando el ojo mientras reía. En ese momento Ignacio se levantó de la mesa y se acercó para darme un abrazo. \"Que sorpresa!\" Les dije a los dos mientras me separaba de Nachito \"¿Cómo han estado? ¿Qué ha sido de ustedes? ¿Siguen juntos?\" Los cuestione en un respiro, no podía contener mi emoción de volver a verlos. Adela me sonrió y puso sus manos sobre mis hombros \"Tranquila Pía, una pregunta a la vez\" Me dijo y yo me sonrojé al mostrarme tan emocionada. \"Y si, seguimos juntos\" Ignacio dijo con una sonrisa orgullosa mientras ponía su brazo alrededor de los hombros de Adela. Adela lo volteó a ver con adoración, haciéndome sonreír, me hacía sentir excelente el saber que estaban tan felices. \"Estamos más que juntos de hecho\" Adela me dijo con una risilla. Yo la miré con confusión pero con una sonrisa colgando de mis labios \"¿Cómo así?\" le pregunté con curiosidad. Adela se sonrojó un poco y estiró sus brazos un poco \"¿Qué no vez algo diferente?\" me preguntó. Lentamente comencé a escanear el cuerpo de Adela buscando algo que pareciera diferente. Mis ojos circularon su cuerpo y se abrieron enormemente con sorpresa al llegar a su vientre, en efecto, ahí estaba la diferencia. \"¿Estas?\" le comencé a preguntar no pudiendo creer lo que veía, mis ojos se encontraban pegados al pequeño bultito que comenzaba a formarse en el vientre de Adela. \"Estamos embarazados!\" Adela exclamó felizmente y lanzó sus brazos alrededor de Nachito abrazándolo. Wow, Adela de mamá, eso si era mucho que procesar. Los dos eran tan jóvenes, pero me sorprendió escuchar la emoción en la voz de Adela y la mirada amorosa de Ignacio. Definitivamente en esté año habían cambiado demasiadas cosas. Yo reí aún no creyéndome del todo que estaban embarazados \"¿Y tu papá? ¿Cómo lo tomo? ¿Y cuanto meses tienes?\" de nuevo los bombardeé de preguntas. Los dos rieron y Adela contesto \"Respira Pía, el senador está más que feliz con su pequeño nachito o Adelita, y llevó 3 meses solamente\". Yo suspire felizmente, me llenaba de satisfacción que esté bebé tendría padres excelentes como Adela e Ignacio, además de que se veían tan perfectos juntos, me hacía recordar a la única persona que tuvo y que aún tiene la parte más importante de mi corazón. \"Ven Pía\" Adela me dijo mientras se sentaba de vuelta en la mesa \"Siéntate con nosotros un rato\" me ofreció alegremente mientras sacaba una de las sillas de la mesa. \"Tienes tiempo de conversar un rato?\" Ignacio me preguntó mientras se sentaba en frente de Adela. Yo le asentí y les sonreí \"Claro\" Les dije mientras me sentaba a lado de Adela, para ellos claro que tenía tiempo. \"¿Y que rollo contigo Pía?\" Adela me preguntó mientras acercaba su mano para agarrar su bebida. \"¿Qué haces aquí?\" \"Yo trabajo aquí, soy la gerente\" le dije con una sonrisa orgullosa. \"Uy uy uy\" Adela me dijo en broma \"Pía en negocios, cuidado\" Los tres reímos ligeramente, era tan increíble volver a encontrarme con ellos, los recuerdos que teníamos juntos durante la época de la casa de Maca, eran los mejores de mi vida. \"Pero cuéntame mas de tu bebé\" yo le dije felizmente, aún estaba atónita con las noticias \"¿Quién mas sabe?\" le pregunté, queriendo saber si aún mantenía contacto con las demás chicas, algo que yo no hacía desde que salimos. Adela rió y agarró su bolsa \"La tía Gre está encantada\" me dijo mientras abría su bolsa y sacaba su celular \"Ayer fuimos a una tienda de bebés, y nos volvíamos locas de la emoción las dos, mira\" Adela me dijo mientras me mostraba las fotos de su celular. En cada una de ellas salían Adela y Greta posando con ropa de bebé, haciendo muecas, abrazándose, se veían como si fueran las mejores amigas desde hace mucho tiempo, me hacia sonreír de ternura, y pensar que las dos se odiaban a muerte. Al igual que Adela, Greta se veía increíble, en su cara se notaba un brillo resplandeciente que yo jamás le había visto, y al pasar un par de fotos me di cuenta del porque. En esta foto se encontraban cuatro personas, en orden respectivo estaban Ignacio, Adela, Greta y para mi sorpresa Emiliano, los cuatro cargando trajecitos de bebé en sus manos. \"Así que Emiliano y Greta?\" Le pregunté a Adela mientras le regresaba su celular. Adela asintió sonriendo y guardó su teléfono \"Si, yo también me sorprendí, pero llevan como 6 meses juntos ya\". Me llenaba de felicidad al saber que estos cuatro por fin habían conseguido lo que querían, pero a la vez, me llenaba de tristeza y de soledad al verlos juntos y tan felices, cuando yo había perdido el contacto con todas, en parte mi culpa, porque cuando me fui de mi casa no le mencioné a nadie sobre a donde me dirigía. Y no tuve tiempo de hacerlo porqué en dos días había salido de la ciudad y hace 6 meses apenas regresé, era impresionante todo lo que había sucedido cuando me desconecté de esté mundo. Para regresar aún mas al camino de los recuerdos, en el restaurante comenzó a sonar una canción que cada vez que la escuchaba me daba escalofríos. Era esa voz divina que un día me había cautivado y que hasta estos días aún me enamoraba. Me tienes a punta de mensajes, con puntos suspensivos. Me arrancaste de tu viaje, me quedé en puntos suspensivos… Adela rió encantadoramente a mi lado y yo volteé mi mirada hacia ella \"Esa canción me recuerda a que la tía Valen nos prometió una guitarra\" ella le dijo a Ignacio. Mi corazón por un momento se detuvo y todo a mí alrededor se congelo al escuchar \"Tía Valen\" salir de los labios de Adela. Ya lo había vivido antes, no sé por qué no había aprendido que pululan los cobardes que nos dejan en puntos suspensivos… Todo esté tiempo Valentina estuvo manteniéndose en contacto con Adela y muy probablemente con Greta, lo que me dolía hasta el fondo de mi corazón. Desde hace aproximadamente 8 meses que no hablaba con Valentina. Estuvimos en contacto el primer mes que salimos de la casa, pero hasta ahí fue, yo me fui sin decirle nada y nunca más supe nada de ella, claro que hasta regrese. Y tarde o temprano te darás cuenta que no eres el mejor ni yo perfecta, la vida vuela sin preguntar no es un boceto para ensayar. Estuve todo un año tratando de eliminar mi amor por Valentina, pensaba que tal vez la distancia, el estar alejada de ella me haría bien, pero era imposible cuando escuchaba su voz en la radio, la veía en los programas de televisión y veía posters de su conciertos pegados en todas partes. Y espero que sea más temprano que tarde pues, me dolería tanto ya no volver a amarte… Valentina aún no era la estrella de rock que sonaba en todo el país, pero poco a poco empezaba a serlo, localmente era toda una conmoción. No se en que momento pasó que se volvió tan famosa entre la gente, claro que su personalidad fusionada con su increíble voz la ayudaban. Y tarde o temprano te darás cuenta que no eres el mejor ni yo perfecta la vida vuela sin preguntar no es un boceto para ensayar. A veces, en lo más profundo de mi mente, tenía la fantasía de que Valentina me había escrito esa canción para mí. Pero probablemente solo era eso, una fantasía. Cada vez que la veía en televisión era refrescante, su sonrisa iluminaba todo el set, y cuando veía hacia la cámara moría por creer que sus ojos me veían a mí. Y dudo que sea más temprano que tarde pues, me estoy acostumbrando a no poder amarte… Como añoraba estar en sus brazos de nuevo, el sentir sus caricias y sus besos. No me importaba ya si ella solo me veía como su amiga, lo único que quería era estar cerca de ella, Valentina siempre sería la única. No importa que pasará siempre sería la única. Y esta es mi última canción para ti, al menos espero que sea así. \"¿Hablas mucho con Valentina?\" Finalmente le pregunté a Adela saliendo de mis pensamientos. Adela asintió y me sonrió \"La vemos de vez en cuando pero hablamos mucho por mensajes e internet\". Tanta belleza que admirar, tantos a quienes escribir, la vida cada vez me sorprende más con más y más puntos suspensivos… \"De hecho\" Adela agregó sonriéndome \"Se supone que nos encontraremos aquí con ella\". Mi respiración se detuvo por un minuto y mire a Adela con la boca abierta quedándome atónita. Sentía que lentamente un balde de agua fría caía sobre mi cuerpo. Después de un año me encontraría con Valentina, aquí, en mi lugar de trabajo, y me daba pánico verla. No se si me odiaría por irme sin decir nada, no se si quisiera hablarme y no sabía si llegaría sola o acompañada, que era lo que más me daba miedo, a lo mejor, y ya tenía a alguien mas en su mente que no fuera yo. Y tarde o temprano te darás cuenta, que no eres el mejor ni yo perfecta, la vida vuela sin preguntar, no es un boceto para ensayar. De repente vi a Ignacio levantarse y hacerle una seña a alguien, yo estaba de espaldas hacia la puerta y no podía ver quien era, pero lo imaginaba. Adela volteó y la escuche reír, yo aún me encontraba congelada. incapaz de voltear mi cuello, los nervios y el pánico corrían por cada rincón de mi cuerpo y mi corazón latía como si estuviera a punto de infartarse. No importa que sea más temprano que tarde pues, de hoy en adelante ya no volveré a amarte…. continuara.[Chapter 2] yasliz: estoy de acuerdo contigo, la canción de puntos suspensivos me parece una de las más indicadas para la relación entre valen y pía, muchas gracias por el review :) el titulo de la historia es de una canción de kaiser chiefs que lleva el mismo nombre, la recomiendo :) jackievodka : me alegra mucho que te gusto como ha comenzado :D jaja, a mi me encanta la idea de hacer a valentina una cantante exitosa, tendrá mucho éxito aqui :D angelito23 : muchas gracias por tu comentario, que bueno que te esté gustando, espero siga asi! :) ginebraremyhadley: tus reviews siempre me alegran mucho haha :D gracias por seguir leyendome, te lo aprecio mucho :) desde que leí tu one shot de pia y valen me volví tu fan, en verdad espero con ansias leer tu historia :D jossy: muchas gracias por tu review, me agrada saber que les gusta la idea :) y si, la otra historia eran ganas mías de cambiarle el final a niñas mal haha, gracias por leer :) DenALuCab: gracias por comentar mi historia, que bueno q te guste :D trataré de actualizarla pronto junto con la otra, muchas gracias :D Integra: Por supuesto que le seguiré :) muchas gracias por el review, espero sigas leyendome =) Perdónenme por la tardanza en actualizar, trataré de que no pase de nuevo, muchas gracias por seguir leyendo y comentado, me ayuda mucho :) bueno, aquí, el capitulo 2 El controlar mi respiración fue todo un reto, por segundos sentía mi cabeza dar vueltas mientras me pegaba una ola de mareo. Adela e Ignacio se habían levantado para saludar mientras yo permanecía sentada, abriendo y cerrando mis manos de manera inquieta, repentinamente el ambiente se sentía muy caluroso. Tomé un respiro profundo para lentamente comenzar a girar mi cuello, sentía mi corazón palpitar cada vez más con cada movimiento. Miré hacia la puerta y logre ver a una mujer con una cascada de cabello castaño. Solté una carcajada de alivio y me volteé hacia la mesa, agarré el vaso de agua fría de Adela y tomé un par de tragos tratando de tranquilizar mi cuerpo, los nervios me habían consumido. Deje el vaso sobre la mesa y de nuevo giré mi cabeza hacia la puerta. A unos pasos lejos de la mesa Greta se encontraba caminando hacia nosotros, su sonrisa brillaba iluminando todo el lugar, noté como las miradas de todas las personas aquí automáticamente iban hacia ella y podía imaginarme porque. El brillo de sus ojos era suficiente para cautivar a cualquier persona que se le pusiera enfrente, su cara resplandecía con frescura y felicidad, como yo nunca la había visto. Entre sus manos cargaba un pequeño conejo de peluche, con orejas largas y blancas, la razón por la cuál Adela reía a mi lado. Adela dio unos pasos hacia ella y abrió sus brazos para poder abrazar a su amiga, la cuál muy entusiastamente se lanzó hacia sus brazos abrazándola fuertemente. Todavía me era impresionante observar la relación entre las dos, cuando parecían serse insoportables antes, ahora eran inseparables. Se separaron después de unos segundos dándose un beso en la mejilla y Adela rió de nuevo mientras indicaba al conejo que cargaba Greta. \"¿Y el roedor?\" Adela preguntó mientras levantaba las orejas del conejo. Greta le sonrió de nuevo y le entregó el peluche \"Lo manda Nina\" ella dijo mientras se quitaba su abrigo \"Dice que te hacía falta el conejo de la huerta.\" Las tres reímos fuertemente al recordar las ridículas disputas entre Adela y Nina cuando estábamos en casa de Maca. Greta inclinó su cabeza y miró hacia la mesa curiosamente tratando de identificar la tercera risa. Adela se movió un poco hacia su lado aún jugando con las orejas del conejo para que Greta pudiera verme claramente. Le ofrecí una sonrisa tímida y amable, lentamente observé sus ojos hacerse cada vez más grandes al verme mientras una sonrisa se extendía en sus labios. \"Pía!\" exclamó sorprendida. Yo me levanté de la mesa y me acerqué para abrazarla. Escuché a Greta soltar una risa de sorpresa y yo me aleje de ella para verla nuevamente. Parecía irreal que me volviera a topar con ellas, tantas veces pensé que nunca más volvería a verlas y ahora poco a poco y una a una iban llegando de nuevo a mi vida. O al parecer yo era la que nuevamente entraba a sus vidas, aparentemente todas mantuvieron el contacto cuando salimos, ingenuamente yo creía que cada quién andaría por su camino y nunca hice nada por contactar a ninguna, incluso, ni a Valentina. \"Tanto tiempo Greta\" le dije sonriendo mientras sujetaba una de sus manos con la mía. Greta parpadeó y sacudió su cabeza \"Demasiado\" soltó riendo aún sorprendida. \"¿Cómo has estado?\" le pregunté mientras volvía a sentarme en la mesa. \"Excelente\" Greta contesto mientras sacaba una de las sillas de la mesa para sentarse. \"¿Y tu?\" Me preguntó. Tuve que pensar antes de contestarle, si bien no me iba mal tampoco me iba excelente, las cuentas eran cada vez mas altas, la renta subía cada vez más, mi mamá estaba más desubicada que nunca, mis estudios estaban completamente truncados, era difícil definir como me encontraba en estos momentos. \"Pues la llevo\" Le dije riendo mientras Greta se sentaba a lado mío \"¿Adela logró contactarte entonces?\" me preguntó. Iba a contestarle cuando de repente Adela se inclinó hacia adelante para mirar a Greta y decirle \"No, fue una total coincidencia, ella trabaja aquí\" Greta levantó las cejas en confusión y me preguntó \"Mis amigas y yo venimos mucho a esta restaurante, ¿como no te hemos visto antes?\" \"Soy la gerente de aquí\" le contesté sonriendo \"Mis horarios varían, probablemente no hemos coincidido\". \"Bueno, ahora tengo una razón más de venir aquí\" Greta dijo mientras abría el menú \"Me encanta comer aquí\". Sonreí orgullosamente, una de las primeras cosas que hice cuando me nombraron gerente fue hacer cambios en el menú, lo cuál dieron como resultado a que las mesas estuvieran llenas día con día. Mientras Ignacio y Greta se encontraban volteando las hojas del menú decidiendo que ordenar, Adela sacó su celular de su bolsa y dijo mientras escribía \"Como que a Valen se le está haciendo tarde no?\" Tan pronto como se había formado la sonrisa en mis labios, así de rápido se desvaneció, Valentina estaría a unos cuantos minutos de pasar por estás puertas y yo no estaba preparada para verla de nuevo, no cuando su voz aún me causaba escalofríos y el escuchar su nombre me volteaba el estomago y hacía que mi cabeza diera vueltas. Pero muy en el fondo moría por saber que era de ella ahorita, solo sabía que en su música le iba bien ¿pero en lo demás? No sabía como había iniciado todo, ni como lo había tomado su familia y el masoquismo en mí me martillaba la cabeza queriendo saber si había alguien más en su vida. Alguien más, como si yo hubiera sido un \"alguien\" para ella. Solamente éramos amigas. La voz de Greta fue la que me saco de mis pensamientos, dirigiéndose a Adela le informó \"Me mando un mensaje mientras venía, dijo que llegaría un poco tarde\". Aún era muy extraño imaginarme a Valentina intercambiando mensajes con Greta, cuando antes yo era la más apegada a ella, pero todo había cambiado tanto que ella se había encontrado otros confidentes, alguien que no era yo. Incluso podía sentir una descarga de celos asentarse en la boca de mi estomago. Noté que Adela levantó una de sus cejas en confusión y miraba a Greta como si la tardanza de Valentina fuera lo más raro del mundo, lo cuál me daba mucho que pensar \"¿Y eso?\" le preguntó Adela. Una risilla escapo de los labios de Greta y yo la miré atenta, sus ojos centellaban traviesamente \"Dijo que tenía que verse con Sofía\". El tono sugestivo en su voz hizo que las nauseas me golpearan intensamente. Cerré mis ojos rápidamente tratando de desvanecer las imágenes que se empezaban a crear dentro de mi mente. Era difícil imaginarme a Valentina con alguien más, ahora más que nunca temía mi encuentro con ella. Moví mi fleco intranquilamente y mis ojos se dirigieron hacia Adela, quién había cambiado su gesto de confusión por uno de total sorpresa \"¿La traerá? Muero por conocer a la tal Sofía!\" exclamó muy entusiasmada. En ese instante Greta se inclinó un poco más hacia la mesa y le exclamó de regreso \"Lo sé! Yo también!\". En cualquier otra situación el chismorreo entre Adela y Greta haría que mi estomago se contrajera de risa, solo que en este momento se me contraía con dolor y nauseas. Las dos se veían tan entusiasmas por conocer a esta tal Sofía, que era obvio que esta persona era alguien importante para Valentina. Mi curiosidad me ganaba y moría por saber quién era esta persona, tragando el nudo que se había creado en mi garganta, les alcancé a preguntar con una voz pausada y temerosa de la respuesta \"¿Quién es Sofía?\". Las dos amigas voltearon a verme aún con aquella sonrisa sugestiva colgando de sus labios, totalmente inconscientes de la forma en la que me estaba pegando está información. \"Supuestamente una amiga de Valen\" Adela me contestó frunciendo el ceño, no convencida del todo con esa afirmación. \"Pero por Dios, no se la creo\" agregó soltando una risa. \"Habla mucho de ella para ser solo su amiga\" No tuve tiempo de digerir lo que Adela había dicho porque Greta de golpe me hizo una pregunta. \"¿Que no has hablado con Valen últimamente?\" Suspire sintiéndome frustrada y maldije a Greta en mi mente por interrumpir, quería saber más de está tal Sofía. Sacudí mi cabeza y comencé a abrir y cerrar mis manos de nuevo \"Hm no, tenemos mucho tiempo de no hablar\" le contesté. Greta se recargó en su silla y soltó una risa incomoda \"Ah, es que yo pensé, que después de todo lo de la casa, que seguirían viéndose\" ella dijo mientras comenzaba a peinar su cabello con sus dedos. Adela decidió interferir en la conversación y me miro de manera curiosa \"Si Pía, nunca nos dijeron que fue lo que paso entre ustedes\" Yo resoplé amargamente y sacudí un poco mi cabeza no queriendo continuar con la conversación, en pocas palabras les resumí todo lo que había pasado en los seis meses dentro de casa de Maca \"Nada fue lo que paso, nada\". Las dos parecieron notar mi incomodidad con el tema y decidieron dejarla ahí, la sonrisa amable y resplandeciente de Greta volvió a sus labios y se acercó a mi tratando de indagar más sobre lo que era mi vida ahora. \"¿Oye, y estás viendo a alguien?\" me preguntó. Con su pregunta sentí una gran urgencia de echarme a reír, era más que obvio que con mi aún obsesión con Valentina era difícil concentrarme en alguien más, aunque no era imposible. Dentro de mi mente viaje unos días atrás en los que tuve un par de citas con una chica que había conocido recientemente. Con su cabello chino y rubio volando en mis pensamientos le conteste, \"he estado saliendo, pero nada serio\". Greta no parecía estar conforme con mi respuesta y decidió seguir preguntado. \"Así, ¿con quien? Cuéntanos.\" Mi humor por continuar con el chismorreo había desaparecido en el momento que está Sofía relució en la conversación, lo único que tenía ganas ahora era de escapar de está mesa y correr a mi cama tratando de imaginar que estos dos últimos años de mi vida nunca habían sucedido. Así como Valentina me ayudó a enfrentar muchos problemas de mi pasado, también me hundió en otro foso diferente, del cuál la única que podía sacarme era ella. Por primera vez di gracias que el restaurante estaba completamente lleno ese día y una de las meseras corrió hacia la mesa para hablarme \"Pía!\" me exclamó sin aliento, era un día pesado para ellas. \"¿Si?\" le pregunté volteando mi mirada hacia ella. \"Necesitamos ayuda con una cuenta\" me dijo rápidamente para después dirigirse a la caja registradora donde varios meseros se encontraban ya tratando de resolver el problema que había surgido. Suspiré con alivio y me volteé para mirarlos a los tres \"¿Me disculpan tantito?\" les dije mientras me paraba de la mesa. Los tres asintieron \"Si claro\" Adela me dijo sonriendo. Me levanté sintiéndome aliviada queriendo estar un rato sumergida en mis pensamientos, parecía que todo a mí alrededor se movía en cámara lenta, aún mi mente estaba inundada con recuerdos e imágenes de Valentina, al igual que de celos y de tristeza. Mientras caminaba volteé ligeramente mi cuello para observar a la mesa de la cuál me había parado, los tres estaban como si nada hubiera pasado, platicando y riendo de quién sabe qué cosa, me sentía una extraña entre ellos, había pasado mucho tiempo y yo estaba completamente desvinculada de ese grupo, me preguntaba si sería muy difícil integrarme de nuevo. Estaba a punto de girar mi cabeza hacia el frente cuando de repente sentí mi cuerpo chocar con algo duro, logrando que diera unos pasos hacía atrás tratando de conservar mi balance. \"Perdón, no me fije a donde iba\" le dije rápidamente a la persona con la que había chocado sin levantar la vista. \"Pía\" escuche una voz suave llamarme. Lentamente subí mi mirada y jadeé en el momento que me encontré con los ojos de Valentina, hasta esta fecha, todavía me quitaba la respiración. Su cabello era un tono de rojo más intenso, su fleco aún caía de lado, pero era más corto, podía ver sus ojos más claramente, los cuáles parpadeaban con sorpresa. Sentí la necesidad de acercarme hacia ella y poner su cabello detrás de su oreja, como antes lo hacía, pero me contuve. Estaba tan ocupada observando lo bien que le había caído este año a Valentina, que por unos segundos olvide como hablar, fue hasta que los ojos de ella comenzaron a achicarse con preocupación que me di cuenta que tenía que decir algo. \"Valentina\" le dije en un suspiro y con voz baja para que ella solamente escuchará. Nos miramos a los ojos fijamente, todos los recuerdos de casa de Maca parecían reproducirse en nuestros ojos como una película vieja, pero no olvidada. Cualquier otra persona que se encontrara con un viejo amigo, el cuál no había visto en mucho tiempo correría hacia él a preguntarle que era de su vida, mientras nosotras dos nos mantuvimos congeladas en nuestro lugar, ninguna dispuesta a hacer el primer movimiento, eso solo significaba algo, entre nosotras había algo más que solo amistad, y yo lo sabía, lamentablemente la que estaba parada frente a mí no lo aceptaba. La gente alrededor parecían como manchas moviéndose rápidamente, mis ojos solo se enfocaban en la persona frente a mi, pero entre ese mar de manchas, una figura se volvía cada vez más clara, tarde un segundo para darme cuenta que Valentina no venía sola. Cerré por un momento los ojos y cuando los abrí todo volvió a la normalidad, el ruido del lugar rebotaba contra las paredes y los meseros corrían de un lado hacia el otro, y enfrente de mí ya no solo estaba Valentina mirándome sorprendida, a su lado había llegado una mujer que miraba confundida entre nosotras dos. Alta, delgada, con un cabello negro intenso y largo cayendo como cascada y ojos verdes como esmeraldas, muy bien vestida, no podía quitarle los ojos de encima, hasta que mis ojos cayeron en su cadera donde en su cinturón estaba ajustada una tarjeta enmicada de presentación. Sentí el piso temblar y derrumbarse debajo de mis pies. Sofía Murguía era lo que decía.[Chapter 3] MariC: Gracias por el review, me alegra que te este gustando el fic :D silvia1381: No dejaré de escribirlo, no te preocupes, jajaja :D muchas gracias por tus comentarios :D JackieVodka: Perdón por la angustia, trataré de actualizar lo más pronto posible :) y a mi me pasa exactamente lo mismo con tu fic, es una de mis favoritas, ya espero ansiosa la continuación, espero sea pronto :D paxhunter13: Muchas gracias por tu review :D y por supuesto por leer mis historias, me alegra mucho que te gusten, espero siga siendo así con todas las continuaciones :) yasliz: hahah, espero me perdones por la tardanza :( gracias por todos tus comentarios, siempre es muy grato leerlos :D espero te guste la continuación y espero tengas un excelente año :D ginebraremyhadley: tu sabes que soy toda una pialentina fan, haré que no sufra mucho, ninguna de las dos =) gracias por tu comentario, los aprecio mucho, y perdón por las demoras, un abrazo :D Kdl94: Puedo asegurar que no tendrá final triste =) gracias por tu review, y me alegra mucho que hayas publicado tu historia, espero la continues hasta el final, porque me encanto :D kellyth: Muchas gracias por tu comentario! =D aqui esta la continuación y espero te guste :D Era difícil desconectar mis ojos de Sofía, su belleza era intimidante, sus orbes verdes destellaban un brillo del cuál era imposible escapar, era suficientemente fácil sentirse atraído por ella. Solo hacía la situación mas complicada, en que mundo Valentina me elegiría a mí en vez de esta mujer que tenía todo el potencial de ser toda una modelo. Había escuchado lo suficiente para saber que existía una conexión entre estas dos personas enfrente de mí, y a pesar de que nada había sido confirmado, simplemente lo sabía, había algo más. Podía verlo a través de esos ojos esmeralda, por la forma en que miraban a Valentina, achicándose con preocupación pero centellando con adoración, era una mirada con la cuál yo estaba muy familiarizada. Era la misma forma en la que mis ojos miraban a Valentina y estaba completamente loca por ella, rompía mi corazón no estar en su lugar. Parpadeé tratando de huir de mis pensamientos y reconectarme con el mundo, el cabello rojo de Valentina se acercaba mí y cuando menos me lo esperaba sus brazos estaban alrededor de mí, abrazándome con tanta fuerza que mi corazón se derritió. Valentina tenía tal efecto en mí que me llevaba hasta la cima sin siquiera intentarlo, y cuanto más alto me elevaba, más dura era la caída. Cerré mis ojos absorbiendo el aroma que no había olido en meses, la dulce esencia de Valentina, un delicioso aroma de coco entraba por las ventanas de mi nariz. Una risa inaudible dejo mis labios, me encantaba el coco y me encantaba ella. De pronto sentí sus brazos soltar mi cuerpo y nos miramos a los ojos, una sonrisa lentamente comenzaba a dibujarse a través de sus labios rosados y enseñando sus dientes perfectamente blancos y alineados, no pude evitar sonreír de regreso, incluso aunque detrás de mi sonrisa me sentía morir un poco, deseando no tener que controlar mi impulso de besarla y ser suya. \"Pía!\" Valentina exclamó efusivamente \"¿Cómo estas?\" Me preguntó con una risa que expresaba la sorpresa de verme. Estaba agradecida que la incomodidad entre nosotras había disminuido por ahora. \"En shock\" le respondí con la misma risa que ella, nos sonreímos bobamente por un par de segundos y por más que trate de contenerme no pude evitar lanzarme de nuevo a sus brazos, era celestial volver a tenerla tan cerca. \"No puedo creer que te este viendo de nuevo\" le suspiré al oído con mis brazos alrededor de sus hombros. \"Ni yo puedo\" la escuché murmurar en mi cuello y sonreí al escuchar esa voz suave y cariñosa que yo solo había tenido el privilegio de escuchar, pero eso había sido hace tiempo ya. Escuchamos a Sofía aclarar la garganta rompiendo el momento entre nosotras, si ya la despreciaba, eso solo había incrementado ahora. Valentina dejo caer sus brazos de mí y yo hice lo mismo, separándome de ella. \"Pía\" Valentina comenzó mientras tomaba unos pasos hacia atrás para detenerse a lado de su acompañante \"Ella es Sofía\" Valentina dijo bajando su mirada incómodamente. La mire atentamente tratando de descifrar sus expresiones, mi corazón latiendo con incertidumbre. La observé despeinar su cabello, lo cuál solo hacia cuando estaba nerviosa y agregó \"Ella es mi..ahm -\" \"-Amiga\" Sofía la interrumpió con una risa. Me sentí asqueada. Valentina la miró emitiendo una risa de regreso, y no pude evitar sentir que estaba dentro de una broma privada de las dos. Y los nervios de Valentina me confirmaban lo que Adela decía. \"Si\" Valentina asintió riendo \"Mi amiga\" Sofía volteó a verme y me miraba como si estuviera tratando de encontrar todos mis secretos, me sentía incomoda con su presencia. Estiró su mano hacia mi y me ofreció una gran sonrisa, que ante todo, era amable \"Mucho gusto\" me dijo. Miré fijamente su mano y por buenos modales pero de mala gana sacudí su mano \"Igual\" le contesté secamente. Sofía me asintió dándome una media sonrisa, Valentina miró hacia abajo mientras yo dirigía mis ojos a otra parte que no fuera a su acompañante, de pronto, el ambiente se había tornado tenso. Sofía nos miro confundidas y puso su manos dentro de las bolsas de su chamarra \"Entonces\" ella dijo haciéndonos levantar la mirada hacia ella \"¿Cómo se conocen?\" preguntó tratando de romper el hielo que de pronto había caído. Valentina se tambaleo incómodamente y yo abrí mi boca para decir algo, pero inmediatamente la cerré en el momento que mis ojos se conectaron con los de la pelirroja. ¿Cómo podíamos explicar nuestra situación? \"PÍA!\" Aliviada solté el respiro que no me había dando cuenta que mantenía y desvié mi mirada hacia el mostrador, donde los meseros me esperaban con desesperación. \"Lo siento\" me disculpe con las dos y con mi dedo les indiqué a donde tenía que ir. Ambas asintieron con una sonrisa y podía ver los ojos de Valentina finalmente despejarse con alivio. Caminé hacia el mostrador donde 4 de los meseros estaban tratando de componer la caja registradora y de reojo noté a Valentina y a Sofía dirigirse hacia la mesa donde se encontraban los demás. \"¿Qué paso?\" les pregunté a los cuatro. Uno de los meseros golpeó la caja y volteó a verme \"Está atascada, y la computadora esta ciclada\" Les asentí entendiendo lo que pasaba pero mis ojos lentamente se desviaban hacia otro punto del restaurante, en estos momentos Valentina se encontraba presentando a Sofía al resto del grupo, Adela y Greta desde lejos se veían encantadas de conocerla, efusivamente por turno la abrazaron e Ignacio, como todo hombre, noté que sus ojos la observaba con un poco más que solo una mirada de bienvenida. \"¿Qué hacemos?\" Escuché una voz preguntar a mi lado, sacudí mi cabeza para despejar un poco mi mente y le dije al mesero a mi lado \"Atrás hay una caja con una nueva computadora, tráela e instálala\" El asintió y corrió hacia la parte de atrás del restaurante, una vez arreglado eso tenía tiempo de sobra para regresar a la mesa y charlar con los demás, pero una parte de mí quería observar primero, así que me dirigí hacia la barra de las bebidas y me mantuve detrás, desde ahí podía ver claramente la mesa donde se encontraba Valentina. Puse unos papeles en frente de mí y fingí observarlos, aunque en realidad mis ojos se encontraban mirando otra cosa. Nostálgicamente mire la escena enfrente de mí, los cinco reían y hablaban como si fueran los mejores amigos, y no había duda en mi mente de que lo eran. Desde el momento que Sofía se había presentado ante ellos se encontró acobijada, no sabía de donde había salido está chica, pero la impresión que Adela y Greta tenían de ella aparentemente era muy buena, por experiencia sabía que no cualquiera les llenaba el ojo. Y ahora pareciera que estaban jugando con ella un juego de preguntas, porque prácticamente la conversación ahora revolvía en ella, mire a Valentina con atención, podía ver sus labios rizándose en una sonrisa y sus ojos siempre mirando a Sofía, quien animadamente parecía contar una anécdota, teniendo al resto satisfechos e interesados. Suspiré tristemente no pudiendo separar mi mirada de la mesa, Sofía era la clase de persona que yo no era; segura, abierta, extrovertida y hermosa como una modelo. Sentía mi estomago contraerse de celos al ver la forma en que Valentina la miraba. De pronto toda clase de emociones parecían brotar en mí, podía escuchar la absorbente risa de Valentina resonar por las paredes y de nuevo me llenaba de melancolía, habían existido días en los que la causa de su risa era yo, en la que su mejor amiga era yo y ahora estaba desplazada, lejos del lugar en donde quisiera estar. Podía sentir las lágrimas quemar detrás de mis ojos cuando observé los largos dedos de Valentina acariciar el cabello lacio y sedoso de Sofía, de la misma forma en la que lo hacía conmigo. Mi corazón se retorcía dentro de mí mientras un millón de preguntas pasaban por mi mente, y no podía evitar pensar en que si esos labios que alguna vez tocaron los míos, habían tocado ya los de esta bella mujer que repentinamente había aparecido. La imagen hacía mi estomago retorcerse con nauseas, la sensación que tenía, de que alguien más que no fuera yo la tocará, era agobiante. Tragué saliva tratando de disolver el nudo formado en mi garganta y me dediqué a observar cada movimiento, lentamente Sofía se había inclinado hacia Valentina para murmurarle algo y yo inconscientemente comencé a apretar los papeles que se encontraban en mi mano. Valentina le sonrió dulcemente y asintió, y antes de que pudiera reaccionar Sofía se había levantado de la mesa y se encontraba caminando hacia la barra de bebidas, o sea, hacia mí. Desordenadamente junte los papeles que tenía regados sobre la barra aparentando que estaba ocupada de alguna forma, pero mientras la ojiverde se acercaba más a mí, mas difícil se me hacía pretender, ya que la ansiedad comenzaba a acumularse en mi pecho, agitando mi respiración. Aclaré mi garganta nerviosamente cuando Sofía finalmente llegó a la barra. \"Hola\" me dijo con una sonrisa amable en sus labios, yo volteé mi mirada hacia los papeles escaneándolos como si buscara algo en ellos. \"Hola\" le murmuré. La silla enfrente de la barra hizo un pequeño chillido y mis ojos automáticamente voltearon hacia el frente. \"¿Me preguntaba si tenían té verde?\" Sofía me preguntó mientras se acomodaba en la silla \"En le menú no viene y Valentina necesita uno para su voz\". La irritación comenzó a crecer en mí, ¿si el té era para Valentina porque ella no venía personalmente a pedírmelo? Pero algo más hizo que levantará mis cejas en confusión, según lo que a mi me consternaba Valentina odiaba el té. \"Valentina no toma té\" le informé frunciendo el ceño \"Lo odia\" le recalqué con una sonrisa orgullosa creciendo en mis labios, la cuál lentamente fue desvaneciendo mientras los labios de Sofía se expandían. \"Si lo odia, pero tiene una excepción con el té verde\" Resople y giré mis ojos con frustración \"El mesero tomará tu orden\" le dije fríamente indicando al joven que se encontraba instalando la caja registradora. Sofía me sonrío dulcemente y se levantó de la silla \"Gracias\" me dijo antes de que caminará hacia el mostrador. Mordisquee mi labio inferior sintiéndome un poco culpable, la chica al parecer solo estaba siendo agradable y yo estaba siendo muy ruda con ella, pero mi desprecio hacia ella finalmente era el que ganaba. Dirigí mi mirada hacia el mostrador y no pude evitar girar mis ojos de nuevo, el mesero al verla había tirado tontamente el teclado de la computadora, y desde lejos podía ver que se encontraba embobado con la mujer frente él. Como un perrito enamorado el chico corrió hacia la cocina para conseguir el té mientras Sofía lo esperaba pacientemente. \"Pía\" Escuché una voz llamarme, rápidamente volteé mi mirada y me encontré con los ojos de Valentina, no me había dado cuenta que mientras mis ojos miraban con desprecio a Sofía ella se había levantado de la mesa para acercarse a la barra. \"¿Cómo estás?\" me preguntó mientras se sentaba en la silla que Sofía había abandonado. \"Estoy bien\" le dije encogiéndome de hombros mientras curiosamente observaba el papel que Valentina traía entre sus manos. \"Parece que a ti te va muy bien\" le dije sarcásticamente mirando de reojo a donde Sofía se encontraba parada. Valentina pareció no darse cuenta de mi sarcasmo porque asintió felizmente. \"No tienes idea\" Me dijo riendo. Mis ojos automáticamente se suavizaron al ver la cara de Valentina brillar con la confirmación, nunca la había visto tan feliz en todo el tiempo de conocerla, y aunque me mataba por dentro no ser parte de su felicidad, mi corazón latía furiosamente al verla sonreír. \"Estoy muy feliz por ti Valen\" le dije con una sonrisa sincera \"En verdad lo estoy\" Valentina me regresó la mirada y lentamente puso el papel que traía en sus manos sobre la mesa, era una foto de ella con unos encabezados. \"Esta noche hay un concierto\" me dijo indicando la foto \"En verdad me encantaría que vinieras, todos los datos están ahí\" \"Estaré ahí\" le confirme mi asistencia al verla rogar con sus ojos. Nos quedamos en silencio por algunos segundos hasta que una voz interrumpió nuestro silencio \"¿Lista Vale?\" Sofía preguntó mientras cargaba un vaso de plástico con el logo del restaurante impreso en el. Valentina asintió y se levantó de la mesa \"Te veo ahí Pía\" Forcé una sonrisa y le asentí sin decir nada, mientras Sofía estuviera con ella yo me encontraba sin palabras. \"Mucho gusto Pía\" Sofía me dijo por última vez y las vi a las dos dirigirse fuera del restaurante. Mis ojos siguieron a la pareja caminar hacia la puerta, Sofía la abrió y aparento una reverencia indicando que Valentina pasará primero, las dos rugieron con risa y finalmente cruzaron la puerta. No me había percatado que en la entrada había una Vespa blanca estacionada, y ahora sabía a quién pertenecía, era de Sofía. Mientras las dos hablaban y reían, Sofía alcanzó los dos cascos que se encontraban en el asiento de la moto, uno era blanco y el otro rojo. Le dio a Valentina el blanco y ella puso el rojo sobre su cabeza, cuando terminó de ajustarlo la vi inclinarse hacia adelante, Valentina haciendo lo mismo, observe los colores de los cascos acercarse e inconscientemente arrugue el poster que Valentina me había dado con mi mano mientras veía sus dos caras acercarse, con las lágrimas formándose en mis ojos mire hacia el otro lado, no pudiendo soportar más la escena. Una lágrima corrió por mi mejilla mientras estiraba el poster de Valentina sobre la barra, se veía más hermosa que nunca, su cabello caía elegantemente por arriba de sus ojos, los cuáles se veían mas alegres y su sonrisa se veía más fresca, felizmente agarraba su guitarra con la mano derecha, solté una risilla al ver todos los stickers pegados en ella, estaba feliz por ella, estaba haciendo lo que más amaba en la vida, me sentía orgullosa. Mis ojos escanearon los encabezados, observando la hora y el lugar. Suspiré profundamente y miré a la puerta de nuevo solamente para observar la Vespa desvaneciéndose. Giré mis ojos hacia el poster de nuevo y miré con atención el encabezado donde tenía el nombre del bar donde se llevaría a cabo el concierto. La imagen de una rubia familiar trabajando de bartender se me vino a la mente, creo que era momento de seguir adelante.[Chapter 4] yasliz: no te preocupes, que ya haré sufrir mucho a Valentina, no me gusta, pero pues así debe ser :( lo bueno es que pia no sufrira tanto ya =) gracias por todos tus comentarios, te los aprecio mucho :D paxhunter13: muchas graciaaas por tus comentarios :D espero te guste la conti, que me desvelé escribiendola hahah, en fin, gracias! me hace muy feliz que sea de tus favoritas :D JackieVodka: mucho odio hacia sofía hahah, pero esta llena de sorpresas :D le hice honor a una parte de tu nombre en una linea de la historia :D muchas gracias por tus comentarios, me encanta saber lo que piensas ya que escribes increible! ladylibra10: Muchas gracias por tu review =) me hace en verdad muy feliz ver que a ti y a los demás los guste, es lo que me da las ganas de escribir =) Kdl94 : A lo mejor si se aclaró con Pía ;) gracias por tus reviews, ahorita mismo me pondré a leer la conti de tu historia, me encanta que actualizes tan rápido! Cuando estoy en clases es una muy buena forma de entretenerme :D kellyth: Pía ya dejará de sufrir =) ahora me toca hacer sufrir a Valen, todas queremos verla sufrir no? =) GinebraRemyHadley: Ooops hahaha, lo siento por lo del nombre hahah :) y perdón por el sufrimiento también, espero se aligeré un poco con la conti :) gracias por todas tus reviews y aún espero ansiosa tu historia! =) basketcase89: Me da gusto verte por aquí leyendo y comentado :D efectivamente hay más problemas que se vienen, y descubriras qien es la rubia, gracias por tu review :D silvia1381 : si es un angel, la adoro! pero ya no sufrirá tanto, lo prometo :) gracias por tus comentarios y por seguir leyendo, espero te siga gustando :D Jossy: Yo muero por una vespa! pero están tan caras, lástima :( gracias por tu review, ojalá la conti y los demás capitulos por venir te gusten también =) Las canciones utilizadas en este capitulo son: Somos lo que fue - Jesse & Joy y Perdón de Pambo (:D) Capitulo un poco extenso, gracias por seguir leyendo =) Después de un día tan memorable como hoy, la noche finalmente había caído, recubriendo la ciudad con un agradable sereno. Estábamos en los últimos días de invierno, por lo tanto el frío aumentaba mientras el cielo se iba poco a poco oscureciendo. El concierto de Valentina estaría a unos cuantos minutos de comenzar, y como lo prometí, me alistaba para irme. Una parte de mi me llamaba idiota por ir, mientras que otra parte moría por verla cantar de nuevo. Varias veces en casa de Maca, cuando Valentina creía que estaba sola, yo la miraba a lo lejos cantar, su voz era mi gran placer privado, y tan solo imaginarlo, me hacía sonreír. Claro que todos los días escuchaba alguna canción suya en la radio, pero no me ponía la piel de gallina como el verla cantar personalmente. Baje los últimos escalones de la entrada de mi apartamento y automáticamente baje mi mirada al suelo al sentir el aire frío golpeando mi cara, hundí mis manos en las bolsas de mi chaqueta tratando de mantenerlas cálidas. Hace aproximadamente seis meses que había comprado este departamento, y una de las bellezas de esté, es que se encontraba justo en frente de un parque inmenso, el cual siempre estaba repleto de gente, y aunque hoy era una noche fría, aún se encontraban grupos de personas jugando, haciendo deportes, había familias comiendo de los puestos de vendedores y las parejas daban sus típicos paseos alrededor de la pequeña plaza que se encontraba en el centro del parque. A lo lejos alcancé a ver a una pareja compartir un helado y reí con la contradicción, siempre se me hacía muy extraño ver a las personas comer algo frío en invierno, una sonrisa se dibujo en mis labios al ver sus muestras de cariño, y en mi mente deseaba que algún día pudiera ser yo dando vueltas alrededor de esa plaza, con alguien a mi lado. Era obvia la respuesta de con quién. Con esas imágenes rondando mis pensamientos emprendí mi camino hacia el bar donde se llevaría a cabo el concierto de Valentina, no estaba muy lejos de mi apartamento, unos 15 minutos a pie y llegaría ahí, además de que necesitaba del aíre fresco para aclarar mi cabeza de una vez. Había caminado por estas calles más de 100 veces y cada vez el camino parecía hacerse más corto, pero esta vez era la excepción, parecía que las calles no tenían fin, mi cabeza daba vueltas con confusión y mi corazón se contraía con sentimientos encontrados. El día de hoy había sido memorable, reencontrarme con las chicas fue como un respiro de aire fresco, obtuve esa sensación de que de alguna forma estaba regresando a mi hogar, y eso era, la casa de Maca siempre fue mi hogar, y las chicas, siempre fueron mi familia, estaba impaciente por descubrir que pasaría ahora, días atrás sentía la nostalgia ahogarme, estaba hundida en la soledad, y al verlas hoy en el restaurante fue como encontrar una de las piezas restantes del rompecabezas, el cuál aún así seguiría incompleto, la pieza más importante estaba cada vez más lejos de mi alcancé. Suspiré profundamente, inhalando el aire frío del ambiente mientras caminaba por las calles de la ciudad, con mi cabeza gritando Valentina por todos los rincones. Jamás habría pensado que me encontraría con ella de nuevo, especialmente ahora que se veía más ocupada que nunca, y al verla aún podía sentir esas estúpidas mariposas aletear en mi estomago, como si fuera la primera vez de conocerla. Su sonrisa aún me derretía el corazón, y su voz me elevaba fuera de toda realidad. Si creía que mantenerme alejada de ella me haría bien para tratar de olvidarla, había ocurrido todo lo contrario, me había enamorado más de ella. Verla de nuevo solamente despertó en mi todos esos sentimientos de vuelta, solo el tenerla tan cerca nublaba mi mente y me hacia volar por los cielos, pero una vez más, Valentina me estrellaba contra el suelo, mientras volaba me encontré con una gran tormenta, con el nombre de Sofía, y era más grande de lo que me imaginaba. Verla con ella solo termino de romper mi corazón y estaba consiente que tenía que recoger las piezas apresuradamente antes de que fuera muy tarde para poder levantarme. Al verlas irse juntas, algo en mi mente hizo \"click\", de ninguna forma podía sentirme peor de lo que ya me sentía, y si no tenía nada que perder, trataría de seguir adelante. Tiempo atrás había conocido lo que era la miseria y no pensaba caer de vuelta en ella, algo que la propia Valentina me enseño. Por esa razón antes de salir de mi apartamento había mandado un mensaje a una persona que comenzaba a ser especial en mi vida, explicándole que estaría en el bar en unos cuantos minutos. La noche comenzaba a enfriar aún más y mi cuerpo comenzaba a temblar de frío, aceleré un poco más mi paso ya que mi chaqueta y bufanda no eran suficientes para mantenerme cálida. El bar estaba solamente a unas cuadras más y desde donde me encontraba alcanzaba a ver el grupo de personas formándose en la entrada. Mientras me acercaba sentía una gran ansiedad recorrer mi cuerpo, la incertidumbre creciendo en mi mente, realmente no sabía que esperar, y era una incógnita para mi la forma en que acabaría la noche, además de que ponía nerviosa con tan solo pensar que me encontraría con Valentina de nuevo, mi cabeza se volvía más ligera con cada paso daba hacia el bar. Finalmente llegue a las afueras de este para encontrarme con un gran grupo de personas haciendo fila en la entrada, temblando de frío y hablando entre ellos con desesperación, parecían tener un buen rato afuera. Enfrente de la puerta había un grandulón que decidía quién entraba y quién no, solté una risa de alivio al ver quién era el encargado, gracias a que había venido a este bar más de unas cuantas veces, ya nos conocíamos. \"Hola Edy!\" le dije en voz alta mientras trataba de caminar entre el grupo de gente que estaba circulando la entrada. Edy volteó a verme y levantó su mano saludándome \"Pia!\" Me exclamó sonriendo, le forcé una sonrisa mientras que con gran determinación empuje algunas personas para poder pasar \"Pasa\" me dijo mientras abría la puerta \"Espero tengas una excelente noche\" Yo le sonreí y pase por entre el mar de gente acercándome hacia el. \"Tu también Edy y mucha suerte\" le agregué riendo al escuchar los gruñidos de los demás al darse cuenta que todavía no entrarían. Edy rió maliciosamente conmigo, sabía que le encantaba hacerle la vida imposible a la pobre gente que quería entrar. Escuché la puerta cerrarse detrás de mi, y repentinamente los gritos de la personas se opacaron con la música que el DJ tocaba en el bar. El lugar estaba completamente lleno, me impresionaba que la mayoría de las personas aquí vinieran por Valentina, sentía una gran admiración hacia ella. Lo primero que alcancé a ver fue el bar, que se encontraba en el centro del lugar, con una gran multitud de personas alrededor, las dos personas que lo atendían tenían sus manos totalmente ocupadas. Desde lejos alcancé a ver un vislumbro de un cabello rubio y rizado, una pequeña risa salió de mis labios al ver a esta mujer reír con su compañero mientras mezclaban las bebidas. Con la sonrisa creciendo en mis labios me acerque a ellos para saludarlos. De nuevo fue complicado abrir un camino entre el mar de gente, pero cuando estaba lo suficiente cerca para que me escucharan les llamé en voz alta \"¿Que tal?\" Les pregunté, mi voz resaltando entre la música y el murmullo de las demás personas. Los dos levantaron rápidamente la vista al escuchar mi voz. \"Pía!\" La rubia exclamó con una sonrisa mientras servía las bebidas en pequeños vasos cockteleros. \"¿Qué tal la noche?\" le pregunté de nuevo mientras la veía darle a los clientes sus tragos. \"Algo ocupada\" ella rió mientras ponía el dinero de los clientes en la caja registradora. La vi decirle algo a su compañero antes de alejarse de la barra, sus ojos se arrugaron en una sonrisa tierna mientras caminaba hacia mí. \"Eso veo\" le dije riendo mientras circulaba sus hombros con mis brazos, abrazándola fuertemente. Sentí sus brazos circular mi cintura regresando el abrazo, pero en tan solo segundos se alejó urgentemente de mí \"Aw Pía\" me dijo soltando una risa mientras descansaba sus manos en mi cadera \"Dame algo mejor que eso\" y sin tener tiempo de reaccionar sentí sus labios chocar con los míos. Mis ojos se agrandaron con sorpresa al sentir su boca moviéndose contra la mía, sentí su legua tratar de separar mis labios y cerré mis ojos, besándola de regreso. Podía diferenciar un sabor de menta mezclado con vodka provenir de su aliento, era un aroma adictivo, pero sus labios se sentían ásperos contra los míos y no desprendían la electricidad que deberían ni soltaban las mariposas que deberían de existir, simplemente era un beso. \"Eliza!\" Escuchamos un grito provenir del bar y sentí sus labios rápidamente dejar los míos, con sus manos aún en mi cintura giró un poco su cuello para observar quién la llamaba, era su compañero quién con su mano la apuraba a que volviera a trabajar \"Deja a la chica Eli\" le gritó dejando escapar una risa \"Te necesito aquí\" agregó mientras volteaba a atender a otro cliente. Eli sacudió su cabeza y rió mientras giraba su cabeza para mirarme \"El tipo es incapaz de preparar una bebida solo\" las dos reímos y la vi inclinarse hacia mi, dándome un beso rápido en los labios. \"Tengo un descanso en 20 minutos, ¿te veo entonces?\" Me preguntó expectante, una sonrisa se formo en mis labios al escuchar su tono deseoso de verme, le asentí sonriendo y sentí sus labios tocar los míos nuevamente. Bajo las manos de mi cintura y con su cabeza índico hacia atrás de mi \"Creo que alguien te busca\" me dijo antes de darme una última sonrisa y volver al bar. Sentí la sangre de mi cuerpo drenarse mientras mi corazón se aceleraba, la música bajo de volumen y podía escuchar mi respiración agitarse mientras lentamente daba la vuelta, solo había una persona que vendría a buscarme. Inhalé profundamente al encontrarme con una Adela muy sorprendida pero con una sonrisa juguetona colgando de sus labios, y la persona a su lado hizo que mi corazón se detuviera con temor, Valentina estaba parada incómodamente con ella con sus ojos tristemente mirando hacia otra parte que no fuera hacia mí. La sonrisa de Adela creció mientras está se acercaba hacía mi, con sus ojos brillando traviesamente \"Coqueta mi Pía\" Adela dijo riendo mientras abría sus brazos para abrazarme, reí incómodamente mientras la abrazaba, mis ojos dirigiéndose a Valentina, quién parecía tener sus ojos pegados en el suelo. Lentamente me fui alejando de Adela, mis ojos aún pegados hacia Valentina \"Hola Valen\" la saludé con un tono de voz mientras rompía el abrazo con Adela. \"Hola\" Valentina dijo de regreso mostrando una sonrisa por un segundo, sentía mi corazón quebrarse al ver la tristeza en su cara, Valentina siempre fue incapaz de esconder sus emociones, y al verla tan decaída hacía que mi corazón se retorciera con culpa. \"Hmm, solo vine a saludar\" Valentina dijo mientras dirigía su mirada a otra parte, incómodamente tratando de evadir mis ojos. \"Pero ya tengo que irme\" dijo indicando al escenario \"Entonces nos vemos al rato\" agregó sin importarle voltear a verme, simplemente emprendió el camino hacia el escenario. Me mataba la forma en que mi corazón se contraía al ver a Valentina tan cortante e indiferente, por minutos sentía una gran nostalgia al querer de vuelta todos los increíbles momentos que pasábamos ella y yo en casa de Maca, solamente, moría por abrazarla y reír con ella nuevamente. La observé irse al escenario, con su cabeza abajo y sus manos metidas en las bolsas de sus jeans, parecía no importarle que la gente a su alrededor le gritará y quisiera saludarla, simplemente los ignoró, hasta que llego a donde Sofía la esperaba. Suspiré tristemente al ver la cara de Valentina iluminarse con la otra mujer, como quisiera que lo hiciera conmigo. Una voz detrás de mi cabeza me decía que tenía que ser fuerte y tratar seguir adelante. La voz de Adela llamándome a mi lado fue la que me sacó de mis pensamientos. \"¿Y quién es ella?\" me preguntó dándome un codazo suave en las costillas. Gire mi cabeza para verla y me sorprendió lo tan inconsciente que estaba de todo lo que pasaba entre Valentina y yo. \"Se llama Eli\" le respondí, observando su sonrisa juguetona crecer \"La conocí hace unas semanas en el restaurante\" agregue mientras mis ojos volteaban a escanear el escenario, el staff se encontraba poniendo todo lo necesario para que Valentina subiera a cantar. Adela asintió y continuo con el interrogatorio \"¿Y están juntas?\" preguntó tratando de verse indiferente. Yo sacudí mi cabeza y volteé a verla \"Solo hemos salido un par de veces, pero nada más\" le dije encogiéndome de hombros. \"Que bueno\" Adela dijo haciéndome voltear a verla en confusión \"¿Bueno porqué?\" le pregunté resoplando. Adela se encogió de hombros y ambos miramos al escenario al escuchar a la gente gritar con emoción, mientras Valentina salía hacia el escenario. \"Pues porque son Pía y Valentina\" Adela dijo riendo haciendo que mi corazón se hinchara de ternura. Una sonrisa se extendió en mis labios mientras por mi cabeza pasaban todos los recuerdos que nos habían hecho \"Pía y Valentina\", todas esas noches en vela riendo por las ocurrencias de las chicas, sentía ese familiar nerviosismo resurgir en mi estomago al recordar nuestro primer beso, ese día me enamoré más que nunca de ella, pero luego sentí un gran presión en mi pecho, Adela olvidaba un detalle, Pía y Valentina eran solo amigas. Suspiré ligeramente mientras mis ojos se nublaron con lágrimas al saber que Valentina más que nunca, estaba lejos de mi alcancé. Pero tuve que evitar que corrieran por mis mejillas cuando sentí unos brazos por detrás circular mi cintura. \"¿Me extrañaste?\" Murmuró Eli detrás de mí dejando un pequeño beso en mi oreja. Tragué un sollozo y fingí una pequeña risa \"Si\" le contesté mientras sentía sus brazos acercarme más a ella \"Tuvimos un descanso adelantado\" Me dijo al oído mientras besaba mi mejilla. Por lo poco que nos conocíamos sabía que Eli era demasiado dulce y muy cariñosa, algo que me encantaba en cualquier persona, pero aún no me sentía cómoda con ella, sentía mi cuerpo poniéndose tieso entre sus brazos. Pero mientras sentía sus labios besar tiernamente mi cuello, me fui poco a poco relajando. Alcancé a ver a Adela mirarnos de reojo, soltando pequeñas risillas de repente. Las luces del bar de pronto se apagaron y grandes gritos de emoción se escuchaban de la multitud que rodeaba el escenario, el cuál se encontraba iluminado con una suave luz azul, lo suficiente clara para observar a Valentina sujetando su guitarra. Sonreí al ver su cara brillar con la luz, logrando que mi aliento se mantuviera en mi garganta, a pesar de toda la fama que ahora obtenía, seguía siendo la Valentina que conocí, usando jeans ajustados, camisas de cuadros y su guitarra era la misma de siempre, solo con unos stickers más. La multitud guardó silencio cuando Valentina comenzó a tocar los primeros acordes de su canción, como me encantaba escucharla tocar la guitarra, por primera vez en mucho tiempo podía revivir esos tiempos en casa de Maca. Sentí los brazos de Eli sujetarme aún mas fuerte, su aliento hormigueando mi oreja, y de nuevo me puse tensa mientras veía los ojos de Valentina moverse entre toda la multitud, buscando algo, buscando alguien. Mi corazón estuvo a punto de detenerse cuando seguí su mirada hacia un costado del escenario donde se encontraba Sofía con Greta. Observé una sonrisa pequeña dibujarse en sus labios mientras las otras dos le gritaban palabras que estaba muy lejos para escuchar. Las primeras palabras comenzaron a salir de los labios de Valentina, su voz tan suave y melodiosa hacia mi corazón latir agarrando velocidad. No puedo seguir , no quiero fingir, aun me haces sentir. La mire detenidamente observando el movimiento de sus ojos, mientras se movían entre la multitud. Pero no puedo evitar tanto llorar, ven siéntate hay que hablar… Los labios de Valentina se movían mientras cantaba el siguiente verso, sus ojos aún buscando entre la multitud, y mis ojos temían encontrarse con los suyos. No se que paso entre tu y yo. Pero lentamente sus ojos se fueron encontrando con los míos. El fuego se apago . Sentía mi corazón palpitar al ver sus ojos en mi. Donde quedo esa pasión que abrazó al corazón . Finalmente nuestras miradas se congelaron, leyendo sobre ellas. Extraño el sabor , de ese dulce amor , que alimentaba nuestra vida. Suspiré profundamente mientras nuestros ojos se quedaban permanentemente conectados. Somos lo que fue. Sus ojos de repente se achicaron brillando aún más con la luz. Fuimos lo que ya no es. Si no estuviera tan lejos podía estar segura que de sus ojos rodaban lágrimas. Vivimos del ayer. Mi aliento se atoró en mi garganta mientras mis propios ojos se nublaban de lágrimas. Todavía un milagro tal vez pueda haber… Los brazos a mí alrededor se sentían más extraños que nunca, mi corazón latía por alguien más que no era ella. Estas junto a mí, estoy junto a ti , pero hay un millón de millas que. Valentina me miraba como si fuera la única observándola. Que nos separan hoy, si piensas que no, hay mas remedio, dímelo. Como si la canción fuera escrita solo para mí. Extraño el sabor de ese dulce amor , que alimentaba nuestra vida. Me erizaba todos los vellos de mi cuerpo al escuchar su voz poco a poco quebrarse. Somos lo que fue. Con cada frase y con cada palabra. Fuimos lo que ya no es. Sentí las lágrimas que se formaron en mis ojos finalmente rodar por mi mejilla. Vivimos del ayer . Un ligero beso tocó mi cuello y mis ojos rompieron la conexión, no pudiendo soportar la mirada de Valentina. Todavía un milagro tal vez pueda haber . Mientras los besos seguían recorriendo mi cuello, las lágrimas continuaban rodando de mis ojos. Mírame, recuérdate. Temerosamente mire a Valentina de nuevo y observé sus ojos nublarse con decepción. Todo va a estar bien. Tragué un gran sollozo con la culpa carcomiéndome el corazón. Mírame, recuéstate. El dolor en sus ojos me hizo moverme incómodamente en los brazos de Eli. Y todo va a estar bien. Pero en un segundo deje de hacerlo, mientras la veía fijamente. No puedo evitar tanto llorar. Esa canción no podía ser para mí, pensé tristemente. Ven siéntate hay que hablar. Tan solo éramos amigas. La multitud rugió con aplausos y antes de que la luz se encendiera de nuevo, pase rápidamente las mangas de mi playera por mis mejillas, limpiando mis lágrimas. Miré de nuevo al escenario pero Valentina ya no se encontraba ahí, y ni Sofía ni Greta estaban al lado del escenario. Estaba decidida a ir a buscarla, no lo pensé, simplemente tenía que verla, trate de caminar fuera de los brazos de Eli, pero solo la sentí amarrarme fuertemente hacía ella. \"¿A donde vas tan rápido?\" me pregunto mientras dejaba otro beso en mi mejilla. Suspiré y recargué mi cabeza en su cuello, mirándola \"A buscar a Valen\" le dije sencillamente mientras trataba de alejarme nuevamente de sus brazos. \"Espera!\" Eli me exclamó agarrando mi mano. \"Te quiero preguntar algo antes\" Levanté mi ceja en confusión y le asentí alentándola a que me preguntará. \"Hm, quería saber si tu, hm\" sonreí al verla tambaleándose incómodamente mientras trataba de sacar las palabras de su boca \"Siquieressalirconmigo\" finalmente dijo en un solo respiro. Mis ojos se suavizaron con su pregunta, y por tan solo un segundo, mi mente no gritaba Valentina. Esto era un inicio. Con una sonrisa me acerqué a ella y le di un beso en la mejilla \"Me encantaría\" le dije murmurando en su oído. Me aleje de ella y la observé sonriéndome bobamente, una pequeña risa escapó de mis labios y puse mi mano en su mejilla, acariciándola suavemente \"Ahora vuelvo\" Ella asintió aún con esa sonrisa en sus labios y yo me volteé para ir en busca de Valentina, con una risa aún escapando de mis labios. Había estado en los camerinos antes, entonces sabía exactamente en donde estaban, esa era una de las ventajas de conocer a Eli, sabía más de este bar que muchas de las personas aquí. Después de darle mi respuesta, ya no sabía que le diría a Valentina, ni siquiera sabía porque me dirigía a buscarla, había algo incomodo entre las dos, y yo no podía descifrar que era, algo característico en nuestra relación, era la gran comodidad que teníamos, pero ahorita, todo parecía estar rodeado de tensión. Caminé entre la multitud de gente hacia la pequeña puerta que se encontraba a un lado del escenario, se me hacía extraño que no hubiera ningún guardia cuidándola. Giré la perilla de la puerta y entre a un pequeño pasillo, con algunas puertas cerradas en cada lado. Cerré la puerta por donde entre y me dirigí hacia la última puerta del pasillo, que era donde seguramente estaría Valentina. Puse mi mano sobre la perilla y dude en girarla, mi corazón latía con incertidumbre al saber con lo que me encontraría dentro. Después de lo que observé en el restaurante con Sofía, me daba temor ver algo que no quisiera, no podría soportar mi corazón estrellarse de nuevo. Pero antes de que pudiera cambiar de opinión, la puerta de pronto se abrió del otro lado. \"Pia!\" Escuché la voz de Greta exclamar con felicidad \"Entra!\" Me dijo sonriendo, le di una sonrisa pequeña y silenciosamente entre al cuarto y me sorprendí al ver las personas reunidas ahí, parecía ser como la reunión de niñas mal de la casa de Maca. Dentro del cuarto había dos grandes sofás, separados con una pequeña mesa, de frente alcancé a ver a Adela, sentada con Marisa y Nina. Las dos levantaron sus miradas y me vieron con igual sorpresa que yo, sin saber que decir, me acerqué hacia ellas, con una gran sonrisa creciendo en mis labios. Marisa emitió un grito chillón mientras saltaba del sillón hacia mí, reí fuertemente al verla prácticamente lanzarse hacia mí \"No lo puedo creer!\" Marisa exclamó apretando fuertemente mi cuerpo y mi risa paró al sentir una ligera dificultad para respirar. \"Ni yo\" alcancé a decir. \"La vas a matar!\" Escuché la voz de Nina reír al lado de Marisa. Finalmente sentí sus brazos soltarme y tomé un respiro profundo. \"Perdón, es la emoción\" Marisa rió con Nina siguiéndola. Reí junto con ellas hasta que escuché un eco de risas a mis espaldas, una de las cuáles se me hacia muy familiar, giré mi cuerpo para mirar al otro lado del sillón y esa desagradable presión golpeó mi pecho de nuevo, en el se encontraban Valentina y Sofía sentadas, cada una con una copa de vino en su mano, pero la posición en la que se encontraban hacia mi cabeza gritar con desesperación, observé el brazo de Valen circular los hombros de Sofía, mientras suavemente acariciaba su brillante cabello lacio. Valentina me sonrió al verme y se inclinó hacia la mesa sujetando una copa llena de vino blanco en su mano. \"Para celebrar\" me dijo con una media sonrisa mientras sujetaba la copa hacia mi. Sin pensarlo dos veces mis dedos rodearon la copa, tocando por unos instantes la mano de Valentina. Sentí en mi mano una descarga eléctrica recorrer por todo mi brazo y bruscamente alejé la copa de su mano. \"Gracias\" murmuré mientras veía a Valentina poner su atención a Sofía nuevamente. Escuché la voz de Marisa arrancarse con preguntas a mi lado, pero parecían ser simples ecos, mi cabeza no podía registrar las palabras que salían de su boca, mis dedos apretaban tanto la copa, que si tuviera más fuerza, seguramente se rompería. Los segundos parecían horas, mis ojos miraban la escena frente a mí, mirando los largos dedos de Valentina pasar por esos mechones negros y sus labios rosados rizarse en sonrisas mientras las risas salían constantemente de su boca. Y no se si fue el alcohol, el egoísmo, o el descaro de Valentina, pero en menos de segundos su cara se acercaba a la de Sofía, primero tocando sus labios con un ligero beso, para después acercarse a besarla de nuevo y después simplemente la besó profundamente. Escuché un gran estruendo resonar en el ambiente y mis botas se empaparon con un extraño líquido, baje mi mirada hacia mi mano, la cuál temblaba sin detenerse, para darme cuenta que la copa ya no estaba ahí. De pronto todas las miradas se encontraban en mí, incluso la de Valentina. Sin saber que hacer, mis pies automáticamente caminaron hacia la puerta, buscando huir del lugar, empujé la puerta para abrirla y rápidamente recorrí el pasillo, detrás de mí alcancé a escuchar unos murmullos y unas pisadas que venían siguiéndome. Miré la puerta que daba hacia el bar y opté por la puerta que estaba a un lado del pasillo, al abrirla me di cuenta que había entrado a un baño. Por un segundo miré mi reflejo en el espejo frente a mí, mi maquillaje estaba corrido mientras las lágrimas corrían por mis mejillas sin ningún control por parte mío, estaba a punto de acercarme al lavabo cuando de repente la puerta se abrió urgentemente. Volteé para mirar al intruso pero solamente sentí unos labios suaves encontrarse con los míos. Nuestros labios se movían con urgencia y suavidad, la electricidad y pasión corriendo por nuestras bocas, por tanto tiempo había deseado esto, tener los labios de Valentina sobre los míos. Sus dedos se enredaron en mi cabello presionando mi cabeza hacía ella, intensificando nuestro beso. Mi lengua peleaba contra la suya, tratando de dominar, podía escuchar mi corazón latir con su intenso ritmo, las lágrimas corrían por mis mejillas con los labios de Valentina moviéndose contra los míos. Sujeté su cara entre mis manos mientras la realidad me hacía caer de nuevo y gentilmente separé sus labios de los míos, los cuáles rogaban por el contacto de los suyos. \"Valentina\" le dije firmemente mientras mantenía su cara entre mis dedos. La sentí inclinarse de nuevo, pero la detuve, mi corazón por igual rogaba por estar encubierta con la ternura y amor de Valentina. \"¿Y Sofía?\" Fue el primer pensamiento que se me vino a la cabeza y con gran urgencia se lo hice saber. Valentina tomo un paso hacia atrás y mis manos soltaron su cara \"¿Qué pasa con Sofía?\" Me preguntó en un suspiro, podía sentir la frustración en su voz. \"¿Están juntas no?\" le pregunté con gran confusión, sus muestras de afecto claramente afirmaban mi pregunta, pero Valentina simplemente me miró y sacudió su cabeza \"No lo estamos, simplemente la besé\" Suspire y giré mi cuerpo dándole la espalda \"Me puse celosa\" Valentina confesó mientras yo me acercaba al lavabo \"Y en el restaurante también te pusiste celosa?\" le pregunté con una risa sarcástica mientras abría la llave del agua fría. Por el espejo observé a Valentina fruncir el ceño y tomó unos pasos hacia mí \"¿De que hablas?\" me preguntó con una de sus cejas levantadas. Resople al escuchar el descaro de Valentina. \"La besaste fuera del restaurante\" le dije amargamente levantando mi mirada hacia ella. Valentina sacudió su cabeza y sus ojos se suavizaron \"Pía, yo jamás había besado a Sofía\" me dijo tranquilamente. Abrí mi boca para protestar pero antes de que pudiera decir una palabra, mis ojos se abrieron enormemente con realización, y recordé que jamás había visto a Valentina besarla, había mirado hacia otro lado, evadiéndolas. Envuelta en mi confusión sentí los dedos de Valentina pasar por mi cabello, peinándolo suavemente, mis ojos cerrándose con el contacto \"Pía\" Valentina comenzó a decir obligándome a mirarla \"Te fuiste\" me dijo encogiéndose de hombros y con una sonrisa triste, la mire confundida y esperé a que continuará \"Te fuiste sin decir nada\" Baje mi mirada al suelo al escuchar su voz quebrarse de nuevo \"Pero sabes\" Valentina dijo soltando una pequeña risa. \"Me di cuenta de lo mucho que te quería\". Mis ojos se elevaron a encontrarse con los suyos, expectantes, con un millón de emociones recorriendo en ellos, tantas veces que deseé que Valentina digiera esas palabras, y no podía mentir, mi corazón parecía detenerse, pero la realidad, es que ya no era nada fácil. \"¿Sientes algo por Sofía?\" le pregunté, de nueva cuenta empujando el tema de la morena, porque en gran parte ella era parte de esto. Valentina suspiró y me sonrió tristemente, dándome mi respuesta \"Ella estuvo ahí cuando tú no lo estuviste\" dijo tan sencillamente logrando que mis ojos se llenaran de lágrimas. Un sollozo escapó mi garganta y cerré mis ojos tratando de detener las lágrimas. \"Pero Pía\" Valentina me dijo firmemente mientras su mano subía a acariciar mi mejilla \"Yo te quiero a ti\". Las lágrimas lentamente comenzaron a correr de mis ojos y suspiré al escuchar esas palabras que moría por escuchar, pero mi corazón no podía darse tan fácil. \"No puedo\" le dije en voz baja, asombrándome a mi misma con la confesión. Escuché a Valentina inhalar fuertemente mientras su mano dejaba mi mejilla. Mis ojos finalmente se abrieron y se encontraron con los suyos, los cuales se habían cristalizado con lágrimas \"No solo somos tu y yo ya\" le dije observando la decepción en su cara. Ella asintió y resopló con las lagrimas cayendo en sus mejillas \"Es por ella ¿verdad?\" Me preguntó bruscamente \"¿La del bar? ¿Estás con ella?\" Yo me encogí de hombros y le di una media sonrisa \"Creo que sí\". En parte era por Eli, a quién no quería lastimar, además de que no podía decirle a Valentina que sí tan fácilmente, no después de todo lo que sucedió entre nosotras. Valentina pasó su mano por su cabello desenredándolo un poco \"¿Esto no es lo que quieres?\" me preguntó con una notable desesperación en su voz. Cerré mis ojos fuertemente por un segundo, teniendo una batalla en mi interior \"Ya no es tan fácil Valentina\" La escuché soltar una pequeña risa sarcástica y en voz alta me exclamó \"Claro que lo es Pía\" Sentí sus manos sujetar mi cara y cerré mis ojos al sentir sus palmas tocando mi piel \"Te estoy diciendo que quiero estar contigo!\" Valentina me dijo con una voz mas suave \"Es más fácil que nada\" Agregó con un sollozo dejando su garganta. Un par de lágrimas rodaron por mis mejillas queriendo entregarme a ella pero sacudí mi cabeza y abrí mis ojos para mirarla fijamente, no podía caer de nuevo, y con gran dolor en mi corazón le dije \"No puedo\" Valentina dejo caer las manos de mi cara y suspiro tristemente, bajando la mirada, derrotada. La miré por unos segundos y parpadeé las lagrimas que se habían formado en mis ojos \"Lo siento Valen\" le dije con una pequeña sonrisa y antes de que pudiera arrepentirme salí del cuarto, los papeles ahora intercambiados entre Valentina y yo. Perdón por lo que te hice ayer. Escuché la voz de Valentina cantarle a la multitud con la luz tenue reflejando su cara. No es fácil despertar si ya no estas, buscar tu beso en otros labios. Pero más que nunca, sus ojos solo me miraban a mí. Soñé, que te volvía a tener. La mire detenidamente, sus ojos se entrecerraban con cada estrofa que cantaba. Que puedo respirar, porque me das, lo que yo busco en otros brazos. La emoción en su voz me hacia temblar, erizando los vellos de mi cuerpo. Mírame, y así de frente déjame saber. No era fácil volver a dejarla entrar. Que ya no hay nada, y no vas a volver. Por experiencia sabía que con Valentina no podía elevarme sin caer rotundamente. Que si me tocas ya no te deshaces. Vi sus ojos mirarme con intensidad, rogándome a que me quedará con ella. Y me ves jugando a no extrañarnos. Pero más que nunca, estaba decidida a seguir con mi camino. Evadiéndote, para caminar. No podía dejar que mi corazón se rompiera de nuevo. Y te ves, de nuevo así llorando. Las lágrimas parecían formarse de nuevo detrás de mis ojos. Pero hay que pensar, que no hay vuelta atrás. Nublando completamente mi vista. Que no hay vuelta atrás. No había vuelta atrás, tenía que hacer lo que era mejor para mí. Grite, te intente detener. Una parte de mí estaba saltando con alegría al escuchar a Valentina finalmente confesar lo que sentía por mí. Tu forma de besar hace dudar, tú sabes que esto no es pasado. Pero otra parte de mí me recordaba que lo había confesado antes, y resultó ser una mentira. Perdón y ahora escúchame! Mis ojos voltearon hacia el bar, Eli me sonreía mientras limpiaba la barra. No dejas de soñar, Ni de desear, que en esta noche sean mis manos. Le sonreí de regreso y vi su cabeza indicarme hacia la salida. Mírame. Le asentí y de nuevo miré a Valentina. Y así tan cerca, dime lo que ves , Sus ojos caídos me hacían saber que lo había visto todo. Si ya no hay nada, y no vas a volver. Una sonrisa triste se formó en mis labios mientras escuchaba su voz quebrarse ¿ Por qué me tocas? ¿Por qué te deshaces? Parecía que en este lugar solo estábamos ella y yo. Y me ves, jugando a no extrañarnos. Sus ojos buscaban las respuestas en mí. Evadiéndote, para caminar. Pero yo ya no tenía nada, le había dado todo. Y te ves, de nuevo así llorando. Y ella lo había desaprovechado todo. Pero hay que pensar, que no hay vuelta atrás! Que no hay vuelta atrás. Mi corazón se sentía inseguro con ella, nuestro pasado me acechaba. Y me ves, jugando a no extrañarnos. Lentamente caminé hacia atrás, sus ojos conectados con los míos. Evadiéndote, para caminar. Mi dulce Valentina, la amaba más que todo en este mundo, pero no podía caer de nuevo. Y te ves, otra vez así llorando. Si en verdad me quería pelearía por mí. Pero hay que pensar, que no hay vuelta atrás! Que no hay vuelta atrás. La miré una última vez y Valentina pareció rogarme por última vez, con sus lágrimas resplandeciendo con la luz. Si me quieres tener. Suspiré pesadamente y me di media vuelta. Y no vas a volverme a ver, si no vas a volverme a ver. La escuché cantar la última línea con tanta emoción que mi cuerpo buscaba correr hacia ella, pero en cambio, mi cabeza me guió hacia fuera del bar, donde alguien más me estaría esperando.[Chapter 5] ladylibra10: Valen también me encanta, de hecho, es mi favorita de todas y claro que pensé en juntarlas de una vez, pero Valentina tiene que pelear un poquito por ella =) muchas gracias por tus comentarios, siempre es grato leerlos y saber que disfrutan de la historia :) jossy: Aquí hay otro capitulo algo extenso, trataré de hacerlos así ahora :) siempre es excelente combinar la música con la escritura, yo no puedo escribir un capitulo sin tener mi lista de canciones puesta para inspirarme, en verdad, si no, batalló muchisimo haha :) muchas gracias por tu review! espero te guste la conti! Kdl94: Si, esas canciones en verdad matan, con la primera hasta yo estuve a punto de llorar =.( Me alegra saber que aún te guste la historia, y espero así siga siendo en las siguientes continuaciones :D muchas gracias por el review :D JackieVodka: wow, tu comentario, cuando lo leí, hizo mi día, muchas en gracias en verdad, no sabes la alegría que me da saber que disfrutas algo que yo amo hacer. Admiro muchísimo tu trabajo, porque en verdad amo tu historia, eres una de esas escritoras que podría pasar horas y horas leyendo y en verdad me es dificil encontrar algo que me tenga así de picada. Gracias! =) =) GinebraRemyHadley: Tus comentarios siempre me dan un ánimo increíble =) me alegra poder haber transmitido todas las emociones que imaginaba en mi cabeza. Y wow, al igual que tu, tmb lloré un poco, la experiencia personal estuvo muy plasmada en ese capitulo =.( yasliz: Definitivamente es hora de hacerlo :) las dos son cantantes increibles, además de que amo a pambo, esta historia estará un poco repleta con canciones de esos dos grupos, son algunos de mis favoritos :) el capitulo siguiente a este, sera un poco mas relajado para valen =) muchas gracias por tu comentario! Sweetmoon: Si, creo que jackievodka empezó la tradición hahah, pero siempre es agradable combinar las historias con algo que escuchar, despierta de una mejor manera las emociones =) gracias por pasarte a comentar, me alegra que te guste la fic, son muchos ánimos para mi :D kellyth: Que sufra, pero no mucho, me duele hacerla sufrir, la adoro haha =( me alegra saber que aún estés siguiendo la historia, y mas que todo que aún la disfrutes =) 14789635: Awww =) la historia pasa a ser el punto de vista de valentina ahora, para todas las que la queríamos ver sufrir por Pía, pues ahora le toca a ella. Pía estará segura por ahora, muchas gracias por tu comentario, espero la continuación te guste también =) basketcase89: \"Somos lo que fue\" me mata me mata, no puedo evitar que me salga tan siquiera una lágrima cuando la escuchó =.( y a mi también me duele que Valen sufra, creo debo empezar con capitulos más felices hahah, asi serán los siguientes =) paxhunter13: Me alegra saber que aún te guste la historia :D ojalá esta continuación con las que siguen por venir sigan teniendo el mismo efecto =) gracias por el review, me saca una sonrisa leerlos, gracias! =D La canción en este capitulo es \"Dos Palabras\" de Motel con Paty Cantú. Y \"Baba O' Riley\" es una canción de The Who, solamente estará mencionada, gracias por leer :D VALENTINA Mire los cabellos largos de Pía mientras caminaba hacia la salida, mis ojos la miraban con tanta intensidad casi quemando hoyos en su espalda, implorando a cualquier fuerza para que el magnetismo de mi mirada la hiciera voltear a verme. Pero mientras mi voz cantaba la última línea con el ritmo de los acordes, la vi salir por la puerta, sin titubear a echar una mirada atrás. Por mi cabeza pasaban rápidamente imágenes de aquellos momentos que compartimos y de pronto sentí un gran peso caer encima de mi cuerpo. ¿Qué haces cuando la persona que me amas huye con alguien más que no eres tú? Tratando de forzar esa sonrisa en mis labios agradecí a las personas que habían venido a verme, y aunque probablemente podía cantar un par de canciones más, mi corazón no estaba interesado en estos momentos. La barra de bebidas lucía prácticamente vacía por ahora, a excepción de mi grupo de \"valefans\", así como lo había bautizado Marisa, que en verdad, eran solo mis mejores amigas. Algo me decía que el bar disfrutaría de mi compañía esta noche. Cuidadosamente recargué mi guitarra en uno de los amplificadores, a esperar que el staff viniera a recoger los instrumentos. A mi guitarra se le tenía que tratar con sumo cuidado, pero prácticamente ahorita podía reventarla en el escenario y no importaría. No cuando la inspiración principal de mi música había cerrado la puerta entre ella y yo. Sentía todo el suelo derrumbarse con cada paso que daba hacia el bar, escuchaba el eco de las personas rezumbando mis oídos, y nada de eso tenía importancia. Alguna vez soñé en volver a ver a Pía de nuevo, y esas algunas veces, se convirtieron en todas las noches. Con cientos y miles de escenarios y diálogos diferentes me encontraba con ella en mis sueños, y me era difícil adecuarme a la realidad cuando en todas mis fantasías el final feliz parecía ser sacado de un cuento de hadas. El escenario de hoy no era imaginable en mis pensamientos, pero me golpeó como un centenar de ladrillos viejos cayendo sobre de mí. La línea recta hacia las demás chicas parecía no tener fin, cada paso que daba hacia adelante era como si dará un paso más atrás, similar a lo que sucedió esta noche. Mis sentimientos hacia Pía se habían aclarado en el primer momento que levanté el teléfono para llamarle y lo único que encontraba era el buzón, ahí supe que la quería. Fui a su casa y lo único que encontré fue polvo y telarañas en su cuarto, ahí supe que la necesitaba. Pasaron uno, dos y tres días, el teléfono sonó, y con esperanza lo contesté pero solamente era Nina, Nina a pesar de todo tenía sus contactos, y lo que resultó de eso fue la oportunidad de grabar un demo con una disquera importante. Por mis venas radiaba electricidad mezclada con adrenalina, sintiendo esa oleada de emoción que te hace saltar una y otra vez, cuando es imposible dejar de reír por la conmoción, cuando olvidas todo por un segundo porque tu sueño se hace realidad. Solo que había solo una persona con la cuál moría por compartir esa noticia y en el segundo de la excitación levanté el teléfono y le llamé, es cierto que es imposible dejar de sonreír, pero escuché el buzón y mi sonrisa cayó, y justo ahí me di cuenta que la amaba. Estaba a exactamente 5 pasos de llegar a la barra y desde ahí podía escuchar las voces achispadas de las chicas, quién a excepción de Adela iban brindis tras brindis. Marisa y Nina eran inseparables ahora, así como lo eran Adela y Greta, cada quién se encontraba con su respectiva compañera, hablando de cosas que ellas solamente se comprendían. Al hacer las matemáticas, claramente alguien me faltaba a mí, y todos podemos adivinar quién era esa persona. Pero por ahora alguien se encontraba ocupando su lugar. Mire a través de esos ojos verdes brillosos de Sofía y leía en ellos gran deseo y alegría, me sentía culpable de provocar el centelleó de sus orbes verdes, brillando como diamantina en la oscuridad, al igual que las arrugas a lado de sus ojos, sonriéndome con ellos. Podía fácilmente amarla, la chica tenía más cualidades que ninguna, pero no podía enamorarme de ella y me mataba haberla incluido en esto. Sin más que pensar le solté una sonrisa igual de brillante que la de ella, no queriendo decepcionarla. La quería e incluso tal vez muy en mi interior quería tener algo con ella, los límites eran borrosos, como empezaron con Pía. No había duda en mi mente que a ella la amaba y que más que todo en este mundo añoraba que fuera mía. Pero en esos ojos verdes podía ver la llama que en los míos podía crecer, en ellos podía ver el amor y la preocupación hacia mí y tan solo sabía que nunca me defraudaría. A pesar de todo, ella estuvo conmigo en el nacimiento de mi carrera, estuvo en los momentos más difíciles de mi vida, y estuvo en la cúspide de ver mi sueño hecho realidad, ¿Cómo podía decir que no sentía nada por ella? Hice mi camino hacia la silla que estaba vacía entre Adela y Marisa y con un suspiro cansado me senté en ella, recargando mi espalda sobre la barra. A mi lado izquierdo Marisa reía con Nina, pero cuando escucho mi suspirar volteó a verme con ojos preocupados. \"¿Todo bien Vale?\" Yo le asentí y miré mis zapatos, no estando en un gran humor para hablar, de lo cuál Marisa no parecía estar consciente. \"¿Quién era esa chica que se fue con Pía?\" Incliné mi cabeza hacia atrás en frustración y solté un respiro \"No tengo idea\" le contesté con cierta sequedad en mi voz, si no tenía humor para conversar, mucho menos de eso. \"Creo que la conozco\" Escuché a Marisa decir, mi cabeza rápidamente girando hacia ella \"¿En serio?\" le pregunté sorprendida. Marisa asintió pero frunció el entrecejo en confusión \"Solo que no recuerdo de donde…\" Mi pie comenzó a moverse con ansiedad dando golpecitos ligeros a la pata de la silla. \"Hm, ¿del trabajo?\" le ofrecí a Marisa alentándola a que recordará. Marisa sacudió su cabeza y yo insistí \"¿Del bar de aquí?\" Marisa de nueva cuenta sacudió su cabeza y me informó \"Es la primera vez que yo vengo aquí\" Mi pie golpeteaba con mayor rapidez con la ansiedad de conocer a esta mujer creciendo en mí \"¿De la escuela?\" insistí por última vez con un tono expectante. Marisa miró hacia arriba tratando de recordar si la conocía de ahí, y me lo confirmó cuando de pronto una sonrisa creció en sus labios \"Si, si en la escuela!\" Me exclamó felizmente de haber recordado. Yo le fingí una risa rápida y traté de volver al tema \"¿Y que sabes de ella?\" le pregunté tratando de sonar un poco indiferente. Marisa se encogió de hombros y mordió la uña de su dedo índice \"Nada\" dijo soltando una risilla. Mis hombros cayeron en decepción y suspiré con frustración \"Solo la he visto en la universidad\" Marisa agregó, mientras mis ojos volteaban al escenario a ver a los trabajadores recoger los instrumentos. Era casi cómico la forma en que peleaban con los cables de los amplificadores, usualmente me quedaba a auxiliarles, pero esta noche no. Miré por un par de segundos más hasta que esos familiares ojos verdes se pusieron en frente de mí, parpadeando con ternura y esperanza, vi una sonrisa formarse en sus labios mientras tímidamente me ofrecía un vaso con vodka y jugo. Educadamente le sonreí de regreso tratando de disimular mi culpa, le murmuré un gracias mientras tomaba el vaso entre mis manos, ella me sonrió brillantemente y se recargó en el pequeño espacio que quedaba entre Marisa y yo. Levanté mi mirada hacia ella y nos miramos directamente a los ojos, los suyos centellaban con algo que podía identificar como amor, de pronto sentí una gran calidez acurrucar mi cuerpo y una sonrisa automáticamente comenzó a dibujarse en mis labios. Sofía era peligrosa, pero aún así mi corazón permanecía con alguien más. Su cabello sedoso y brillante hacia difícil que mis manos se contuvieran a peinarlo, delicadamente mis dedos recorrieron su cabello, sintiendo la suavidad entre ellos. Su mirada dulce y suave junto con sus facciones finas me atraía, y mientras sus ojos me miraban con un hermoso tono verde, no podía dejar de pensar en alguien más. Si no podía llegar a enamorarme de alguien como Sofía, definitivamente estaba perdida por Pía. Sus ojos quemaban los míos, mientras los suyos brillaban podía sentir los míos opacándose con tristeza, escuché algunos murmullos a mi espalda y comencé a desconectar mi mirada con la de Sofía, al voltear mi cabeza me encontré con la cara de Adela, que con una sonrisa sujetaba el brazo de Greta quien se encontraba riendo histéricamente. Sofía y yo reímos al ver un ataque de risa sacudir su cuerpo de nuevo, Greta siempre tenía problemas para controlar su cantidad de alcohol. Adela rió con nosotras y sujeto su bolsa junto con la de Greta \"Yo creo que nosotras ya nos vamos\" dijo entre risas mientras mantenía a su amiga balanceada. \"Nosotras también\" escuche la voz de Marisa exclamar por detrás de mí, ligeramente giré mi cuello para verlas sujetando sus bolsas. Yo me encogí de hombros y solté una risa \"Supongo que nosotras también\" dije volteando a ver a Sofía, ella asintió y juntas dejamos nuestros vasos sobre la barra. \"Hoy te quedas a dormir princesa\" escuché a Adela reír mientras caminaba con Greta hacia la salida, con su brazo alrededor de su cintura. Las cuatro restantes caminamos detrás de ellas hacia la salida. Caminábamos en pares, y con cada paso que dábamos el espacio se reducía, tanto que podía sentir los dedos de Sofía tocando ligeramente los míos, estaba agradecida de que su mano no se entrelazó contra la mía, me vería metida en una situación aún más incomoda. \"Gracias Edi\" Escuché a Greta reír mientras salíamos del bar. Tropezó un poco con el pavimento pero Adela se encontraba justo ahí para sujetarla. \"Nos vemos mañana\" Adela nos dijo \"No creo que aguante más\" agregó riendo mientras sus ojos indicaban a Greta. Las mire subirse a un taxi, con un poco de dificultad por parte de Adela, quien trataba de meter a la tambaleante Greta al taxi. Ellas aún vivían en sus respectivas casas. Por más que Adela había insistido en irse a vivir sola y viajar a Nueva York, al final no hizo ninguna de esas cosas, ser novia de Nacho la había hecho madurar más que todas, incluso de vez en cuando ayudaba al senador con una que otra propuesta, agregándole un lado juvenil a la política. La familia de Greta había recuperado su dinero, aunque no eran igual de millonarios como antes y con gran disposición Greta entró a estudiar la universidad, no queriendo ser otra Domenechi mantenida por su esposo y ahora se encontraba estudiando Diseño de Interiores, algo que iba consigo a la perfección. Del otro lado de mí, Marisa y Nina nos gritaban adiós mientras juntas subían a un taxi también, al igual que Greta, Marisa se encontraba en la universidad estudiando leyes, fue algo sorprendente al escucharlo, pero su personalidad defensora claramente le traería frutos a su carrera. Nina en cambio se mudó a su propio apartamento, cansada de los rodeos de su mamá y de Rafa, su hermano, pero vivía solo a unas calles de la casa de Marisa, ya que prácticamente se la vivía ahí. Miré a Sofía alcanzar el casco de su Vespa y le di una sonrisa mientras la veía ajustar su casco rojo sobre su cabeza, una vez que termino me sonrió de vuelta y se inclinó hacia mí, por un momento me congelé esperando que sus labios chocaran contra los míos, pero solamente me dio un prolongado beso en la mejilla. Me sonrió por última vez y sin necesidad de decir nada se subió a su moto y la vi desvanecerse en la calle. Llamé a uno de los taxis que pasaban constantemente por la calle del bar y sintiendo el cansancio apoderándose de mi cuerpo, me subí en el. Le di al taxista la dirección de mi casa y me recargué en el asiento trasero, cerrando mis ojos mientras sentía la fresca brisa entrar por la ventana. Como Nina, yo también tenía mi propio apartamento ahora, curiosamente las casas de todas nosotras, incluida la de Sofía, estaban a máximo 10 minutos de distancia, así de apegadas nos habíamos vuelto. Mis ojos se sentían pesados, el día me había agotado tanto física y mentalmente y añoraba poder acostarme en mi cama, agradecida de que estaba sola en ese apartamento, no más hermana ni madre de quién preocuparse. Sentía lentamente perderme en un sueño profundo, pero antes de que pudiera perder conciencia sentí el taxi detenerse. Abrí mis ojos rápidamente para darme cuenta que estaba a las afueras de mi apartamento. Parpadeando un poco el sueño de mis ojos le di el dinero al taxista y baje del carro, saqué las llaves de mi bolsa del pantalón y al entrar con un gran bostezo las lancé hacia una mesa. Cerré la puerta detrás de mi y caminé hacia mi cuarto, el cuál no era ni tan grande pero ni tan pequeño, aunque tenía una cama grande, me encantaba tener el espacio para moverme, tallé mis ojos con mis manos mientras entraba a la habitación, y antes de acostarme en la cama, prendí la radio que se encontraba en mi mesita de noche, siempre era un ritual mío escuchar la primera canción en la radio antes de dormir. Por suerte una de mis canciones favoritas apenas empezaba, pero con mala suerte era una de las canciones que más me recordaban a Pía. Si el dolor nos separó . Suspiré fuertemente mientras mi cuerpo caía hacia la comodidad de mi cama. S i fue el temor . Miré el techo por un par de segundos, mis labios moviéndose con la canción. Tal vez los dos . Mi vista comenzaba a nublarse con cansancio. Y ahora estoy . Volteé mi cuerpo para recargarme sobre mi lado izquierdo y me encontré con algo que me sacó una gran sonrisa . Buscándolo . Ahí en mi cama, a mi lado, se encontraba la tortuguita de Pía. Tal vez podamos saber . Nunca supe como pudo olvidarla, pero lo hizo. Que nos pasó . Cuando fui a su casa a buscarla descubrí que sus cosas habían desaparecido, pero ahí debajo de su cama se encontraba su peluche, cubierto de polvo. Porque hay dos palabras doradas. Como un recuerdo de ella lo conservé, después de lavarlo pasó a ser parte fundamental de mi cama. Que en el tiempo me encontré congeladas. Acaricié la cabeza del muñeco como esperando que se retorcijará con el contacto. Porque tu voz sonó a la distancia Y sin poder controlarlo sentí las lágrimas quemar mis ojos al recordar esos grandiosos días en casa de Maca. Y el silencio se rompió en tu mira-da. Todas esas risas, esas caricias, esos abrazos, esos besos, todas esas grandes esperanzas que quisiera de vuelta. Siéntelo. Desde que Pía se fue no ha existido un día en el que no piense en ella, Me he quedado en tu piel. Y si me volviera a ver en la misma situación, si la conociera de nuevo . Y tal vez recuerdes que ayer . Se que haría las cosas diferentes. Te vi creer. Y que esas dos palabras, cualesquiera que fuera. Porque hay dos palabras doradas. Las diría. Que en el tiempo me encontré congeladas . De repente sentí un gran vació en mi interior, como si la respiración me faltará. Porque tu voz sonó a la distancia. Sin pensarlo tomé mi celular que se encontraba a mi lado y busque mis contactos,. Y en silencio recordé que. Sin saber exactamente que hacia, le escribí \"¿Estás todavía despierta?\". No quiero olvidarte . Recargué mi espalda en la cama mientras miraba el techo, el minuto que paso fue el minuto más largo de mi vida . No puedo olvidarte así. Aunque mi celular vibró en seguida. No quiero dejar-te ir. \"Sí, no puedo dormir\" vino la respuesta y yo sonreí a pesar de mis lágrimas. \"¿Podemos hablar mañana? ¿Con mas calma aclarar las cosas?\" le escribí de regreso, implorando que su respuesta fuera que sí. Mi corazón comenzó a latir con nerviosismo al sentir el celular vibrar en mi mano. No quiero olvidarte. Suspire aliviadamente al ver su respuesta. No puedo olvidarte así. \"Ven al restaurante mañana y hablamos, lo siento Valen, pero dormiré ya, no aguanto más, que descanses .\" No quiero dejarte ir. Sonreí orgullosa y con una llama de esperanza creciendo en mí. Hay dos palabras doradas. Yo se que todavía tenía una oportunidad. Dejarte ir. Lancé el celular a la cama y de nueva cuenta mire hacia arriba. Hay dos palabras doradas. \"Sueña conmigo\" le murmuré al techo mientras mis ojos lentamente se cerraban con el sueño apoderándose de mí. Dejarte ir, dejarte ir… La mañana siguiente desperté con un gran dolor martillando mi cabeza, no era una de esas personas a las que les gustará madrugar, pero lo que me impulso a levantarme de la cama fue el que me encontraría con Pía, y sin pensarlo dos veces me levanté dos horas antes de encontrarme con ella, de las cuales, una hora y media fue dedicada a encontrar la ropa perfecta para encontrarme con ella. Nunca fui una de esas como Greta que se preocupaba en verse bien o que las ropas combinarán, pero claramente hoy quería verme perfecta. Hoy dejé a un lado las camisas de cuadros, pero como de costumbre use mis jeans ajustados junto con una blusa roja de cuello V y sobre de ella un chaleco negro, mis zapatos eran mis favoritos, converse, prácticamente tenía la colección de todos los colores, y hoy opté por los que tenían el mismo color de mi blusa. Deje mi cabello caer naturalmente sobre mis hombros y peine mi fleco hacia un lado, desde hace rato que comenzaba a usarlo más corto, dejando descubierto mis ojos. Despeiné mi cabello un poco y me sonreí al espejo, Pía vería otra cara distinta a mí que no estuviera nadando en celos y alcohol. El sol había decidido salir este día, por el cuál estaba agradecida, parecía ser el inicio de un buen día, pero en realidad, nunca se sabe cuando el frío vuelva a caer junto con la miseria. Me sentía bien, un poco cruda por la noche anterior, pero sentía que algo saldría bien hoy, antes de salir de mi departamento, tomé mis lentes de sol junto con mis llaves y salí hacia las calles de la ciudad. Si Maca me viera ahora, estaría más que orgullosa de que por fin parecía tener un poco más de estilo. El restaurante en donde trabajaba Pía estaba como a unos 20 minutos de mi casa en carro, por lo tanto decidí tomar un taxi, últimamente pensaba en comprarme una Vespa como Sofía, pero el tiempo no me era suficiente para ir a buscar una de mi agrado. Durante el trayecto hacia el restaurante sentía mis nervios crecer, y mientras de mi departamento había salido fresca y sintiéndome segura de mi misma, ahora me encontraba totalmente confundida de que haría. Una cosa era pensar en Pía y planear en mi cabeza todos los diálogos, otra era estar frente a frente con ella, mirándola sonreír mientras esos hoyuelos se formaban en sus mejillas, verla jugar con su fleco con una risa adorable, ver sus ojos brillantes parpadear mientras que su cabello resaltaba con la luz y con sus labios rosados pidiendo a gritos ser besados… Sacudí mi cabeza rápidamente ya que bobamente me encontraba perdiéndome en la perfección que era Pía y ahorita tenía que concentrarme en que decir sin parecer una completa tonta. \"Llegamos\" escuché al taxista decir y yo lo miré sorprendida, el tiempo si que pasa rápido cuando pienso en Pía. Sin tener más tiempo de pensar en mis diálogos baje del taxi y miré la entrada del restaurante, mi mano titubeante jugaba con la perilla de la puerta, queriendo echarse para atrás, pero sabía que esa no era una posibilidad. Armándome de valor como la Valientina que era, suspire profundamente y giré la perilla, abriendo la puerta. Escuchaba el gran escándalo de las personas que se encontraban ahí comiendo, el lugar como lo había escuchado antes, siempre estaba lleno. Desde la entrada alcancé al ver el vislumbro de un cabello negro detrás de la caja registradora, y aunque está persona miraba hacia abajo y usaba una gorra blanca, sabía quien era. Sentí mi cara iluminarse al verla moverse detrás de la barra, mis ojos siguiendo todos sus movimientos. Puse mis manos dentro de las bolsas de mis jeans y con la sonrisa creciendo en mis labios caminé tímidamente hacia ella. Todo a mí alrededor parecía bajar de volumen en el momento que vi a Pía levantar su mirada hacia mí, fue como estar dentro de una película, donde todo pasa en cámara lenta. Su sonrisa me ablandó el corazón, dándome esas ganas de correr hacia ella y besarla mientras la acogía en mis brazos, pero eso era algo que no era posible. Aún así, el verla sonreír me daba esa calidez que solo ella podía ofrecerme, ella tenía que ser mía. Mientras me acercaba a ella, notaba sus ojos ligeramente centellar con alegría, era obvio que estábamos destinadas a estar juntas, no había más que eso. \"Hola\" la saludé con la sonrisa creciendo en mis labios, me sentía muy animada en esos momentos, sintiendo que la posibilidad de estar juntas estaba más cerca que anoche. \"Hola Valen\" Pía me dijo con una sonrisa exponiendo sus dientes brillantes y blancos. \"¿Como estás?\" le pregunté amigablemente mientras me sentaba en una de las sillas que estaban enfrente de la barra. Pía me dio una media sonrisa y encogió los hombros \"Creo que bien\" Mordí mi labio inferior al ver un resplandor de tristeza acogerse en sus ojos, los eventos de anoche nublando mi pensamiento. \"Lo siento\" le dije apenada \"Por lo de anoche\". Pía asintió y me dio una sonrisa que solamente duró un segundo \"Ya no importa Valen\" Vi que sus ojos dejaron los míos para voltear hacia otra parte del restaurante, titubeando con sus palabras \"Así esta mejor\" dijo finalmente. Tragué saliva para tratar de disolver el nudo que comenzaba a crecer en mi garganta al escuchar sus palabras, pero sabía que no podía derrumbarme ahorita. \"Pía, yo…\" comencé a decirle mientras miraba mis manos, tratando de encontrar las palabras correctas \"Te extraño mucho\" le dije finalmente. Escuché una risilla escapar de sus labios y de pronto vi su mano situarse sobre la mía, su piel suave acariciando ligeramente la mía, pelee la necesidad de voltear mi mano y entrelazar sus dedos con los míos. \"Yo también te extraño Valen\" Mi cabeza se disparó hacia arriba para mirar su cara y noté la sinceridad brillando en sus ojos. \"Todos los domingos tenemos la tradición de juntarnos en casa de Adela, nos gustaría mucho que fueras con nosotras mañana\" Mire sus ojos comenzar a sonreírme y decidí agregar \"A mi me encantaría que fueras\" le dije tratando de resaltar lo mucho que la quería ahí. Pía asintió y noté su cara instantáneamente brillar \"Me encantaría ir, será genial estar con todas ustedes de nuevo\" Sentí un gran alivio desplazarse por todo mi cuerpo, sabía que aceptaría, aún así no podía evitar estar nerviosa \"Y contigo\" Agregó en voz baja y sentí la sonrisa dibujarse en mis labios al ver la suya tímidamente extendiéndose por sus mejillas, esa sonrisa que solo reservaba para mí. Podía pasarme años mirándola a los ojos, parecía que estos solos hacían toda la conversación sin necesidad de palabras, y en ellos podía ver que todavía me quería, que no quería a nadie más y se que podía ganármela de nuevo. Mi pulgar comenzaba a lentamente trazar círculos en el costado de su mano y sentí su dedo hacer lentamente lo mismo sobre la mía, sin pensarlo mi cuerpo comenzaba a inclinarse hacia ella, estando solamente hipnotizada con sus ojos, mi cabeza se acercaba hacia ella, sin ningún control de mi parte, añoraba capturar sus labios rojos con los míos y sentir la suavidad de ellos mientras me besaban, necesitaba sentir esa ternura de nuevo. Mientras mi cabeza se acercaba a ella sentí la mano de Pía apretar la mía en espera del beso, podía escuchar el latido de nuestros corazones mientras nuestros labios estaban a espacios de juntarse, su aliento hormigueaba mi labio inferior, prácticamente podía saborear la electricidad entre esos milímetros que nos separaban, mis ojos comenzaron a entrecerrarse mientras sentía sus labios muy ligeramente tocar los míos, un movimiento más y nuestras bocas se fusionarían, pero los acordes de un piano sonar me trajeron a la realidad. Pía suspiro pesadamente y sentí el aire frío golpetear mi boca haciendo que mis ojos rápidamente se abrieran, solamente para ver su cara alejarse de la mía. Con la intro de \"Baba O' Riley\" sonando de fondo lamí mis labios inconscientemente, sintiendo la frustración al haber tenido sus labios tan cerca de los míos. Mi mano se hundió en la bolsa de mis jeans mientras mi cuerpo se inclinaba de nuevo sobre la silla, saqué mi celular y apreté uno de los botones \"¿Qué pasa?\" contesté amargamente queriendo matar al que había interrumpido este glorioso momento. Pero mi enojo fue rápidamente convirtiéndose en preocupación al escuchar la voz de Sofía urgentemente diciéndome que corriera hacia la disquera. \"Iré enseguida\" le contesté apartando el celular de mi oreja. Mis ojos se cayeron con decepción al haber estado tan cerca de besar a Pía. \"Tengo que ir a la disquera\" le dije con tristeza en un murmuro, Pía asintió mientras miraba hacia la barra. \"Pero te veré mañana, ¿verdad?\" Pía levantó su cabeza y me sonrió tristemente por un segundo \"Sí\" me contesto con un tono prácticamente inaudible. Queriendo tan siquiera sentir algún tipo de contacto con ella, me incline rápidamente y besé su mejilla, mis labios permaneciendo sobre su piel por algunos segundos, absorbiendo la suavidad de su mejilla. \"Adiós Pía\" le dije con una media sonrisa mientras me alejaba de la barra, la vi sonreír una última vez, sus ojos parpadeando con decepción. Este momento pudo haber sido perfecto. Llegué a la disquera 10 minutos después, no estando muy segura de lo que estaba sucediendo, pero cuando Sofía se notaba preocupada es que algo grave sucedía, después de varios meses de conocerla, sabía leerla muy bien. Desde un poco más de 7 meses que conocí a Sofía, los primeros meses ella era solo eso, una conocida. Cuando comencé a venir a la disquera ella trabaja como asistente del productor de mi disco, siempre la tenía haciendo cosas sin sentido, como ir por su café, sacar cosas, hacer llamadas, pero nunca nada mayor como entrar al cuarto de grabación con él. Todos los días la veía por un poco más de 15 minutos, y nuestras conversaciones nunca pasaban más de un Hola, claro que desde el principio noté lo tan hermosa que era, eso era la prueba a mi sexualidad, después de ella no tenía ninguna duda. Un día tontamente nos quedamos encerradas en el estudio, yo me encontraba tocando la guitarra, perdiendo completamente la noción del tiempo y Sofía venía a avisarme que cerrarían el edificio, pero antes de que pudiéramos dejar el estudio, encontramos la puerta cerrada por detrás, el vigilante nos había encerrado antes de salir. Y así fue como la conocí, estaba hipnotizada con sus hermosos ojos esmeralda y aunque estuvimos toda la noche encerradas pasamos toda la noche riendo, después de Pía, una de las personas con las que más cómoda me sentía era con ella. Las dos compartíamos ese amor por la música y yo admiraba su independencia, ella era 2 años mayor que yo, pero desde muy chica había salido de su casa para vivir sola, una de las razones era porque su familia no aceptaba su estilo de vida, el cuál era idéntico al mío, las dos buscábamos a una mujer como pareja. Estaba más que sorprendida con su confesión y cualquier chica hubiera estado exaltada de conocer ese detalle, solo que mi corazón siempre había sido de una sola mujer. \"¿Qué paso?\" le pregunté a Sofía quien venía corriendo hacia mí, mientras yo me paraba en la entrada del edificio. \"Una de las canciones no quedó grabada\" Sofía me contestó tratando de recobrar su aliento \"Diego te está esperando arriba, necesitan grabarla ahorita para poder mandar el demo\" Puse mis manos sobre sus hombros y traté de tranquilizarla \"¿Por qué tan agitada?\" le pregunté gentilmente mientras mis manos subían por arriba de sus brazos. Sofía suspiró y cerró sus ojos \"Quiero que todo quede perfecto\" me admitió mientras abría sus ojos nuevamente \"Solo así podré ser parte de la producción de tu disco.\" Le sonreí dulcemente y mi mano recorrió por todo su brazo hasta entrelazarse con sus dedos, el sueño de Sofía era ser productora y tener su propia disquera, me llenaba de admiración la forma en que luchaba por conseguirlo \"Te prometo que tu producirás mi disco\" le dije mientras apretaba su mano. \"¿En serio?\" Ella me preguntó con una sonrisa esperanzada. Yo le asentí y le sonreí nuevamente \"En serio, y si no, me consigo otra disquera\" le agregué encogiendo los hombros. Escuché una risa animada dejar sus labios y sentí sus palmas sujetar mi cara, masajeando delicadamente mis mejillas \"Eres lo mejor Vale\" la escuché suspirar mientras sus cara se inclinaba hacía la mía, incapaz de moverme sentí sus labios chocar contra los míos, mis ojos cerrándose instantáneamente con el contacto. Sus labios contra los míos producían un beso suave y fluido, dulce y tierno, pero por más agradable que el beso era, sus labios no volvían locas a las mariposas dentro de mí estomago, y mientras una parte de mí disfrutaba del contacto, la otra parte solo pensaba en una persona. Por mi cabeza se congeló la realización, amaba a Pía, la amaba tanto que podía dejar todo por ella, incluso hasta mi carrera, y si perdía mas el tiempo entre juegos y palabras podía perderla, tenía que hacerle saber que yo por ella daría todo. Con gran gentileza separé mis labios de los de Sofía, sus ojos parpadeaban con confusión, sentía en mi corazón una punzada al ver el rechazo cruzar sus facciones, me sentía horrible por hacerle esto, era la situación de Axl otra vez, me mataba hacerle daño, pero tenía que correr por Pía. \"Dile a Diego que volveré enseguida\" le murmuré rápidamente mientras mis pies comenzaban a moverse, lentamente observé su cara cambiar a una de preocupación \"Valentina!\" me llamó con urgencia mientras yo caminaba hacia la salida, el demo podía esperar, pero Pía no. En el momento que mis pies dejaron el edificio corrieron, corrieron con toda la velocidad que podían juntar, corrí mas rápido que la vez que Adela y yo escapábamos del parque de diversiones, sentía mi respiración agitarse con cada paso, mi corazón latía como si fuera a salir de mi pecho, pero tenía una opresión en mi estomago que me decía que no podía demorarme. Podía sentir las miradas sobre mí mientras corría por las calles, cruzándolas, evadiendo los carros, y no me importaba, no me importaba lo que fuera a salir en los periódicos el día de mañana, lo importante en mi vida se encontraba en ese pequeño restaurante que se veía a lo lejos y que al momento de incrementar mi paso en segundos llegué. Sin detenerme a respirar por un segundo, empujé las puertas del restaurante y entré en búsqueda de Pía, mis ojos circularon el lugar, de nueva cuenta los clientes me miraban con confusión mientras escaneaba los rincones del negocio, pero por mas que mis ojos lo recorrían una y otra vez, no había señal de Pía, rápidamente me dirigí al primer mesero que vi y lo sujeté del brazo \"¿No has visto a Pía?\" El mesero me asintió y frunciendo el entrecejo en confusión me contesto \"Esta en su descanso, en el parque de aquí enfrente\". Sin agradecerle por la información nuevamente salí corriendo del lugar, incrementando mi velocidad para llegar al parque, y cuando pise los primeros cuadros de pasto, algo en mi corazón no parecía estar bien. Me detuve por unos segundos y caminando rápidamente recorrí el parque buscando una señal de Pía, tratando de no distraerme entre los mares de gente que se encontraban en el lugar. De repente me detuve cerca de unos columpios, adelante alcanzaba a ver una mujer sentada debajo de un árbol, y su cabello negro danzando con el aire fue lo que me hizo ver que era ella. Sonreí al verla tan pensativa, mis pies moviéndose hacia ella, pero mientras me acercaba más hacia el árbol me di cuenta que no estaba sola. La chica del bar estaba con ella, con su brazo alrededor de sus hombros y con su boca murmurándole al oído. Sentí mi sangre hervir con coraje, y estaba decidida a alejarla de mi Pía, pero un movimiento entre las dos hizo que me congelará, parecía que el mundo se detenía mientras los labios de Pía tocaban los de la otra rubia, sentí un sudor frío recorrer mi cuerpo con el sentir de mi corazón quebrarse en dos. Mis ojos bajaron hacia el suelo, reteniendo las lágrimas, mis rodillas se sentían debilitadas y ponía la mayor fuerza en mi cuerpo para evitar no caer, un sollozó quebró por mi cuerpo mientras sentía mis mejillas quemarse con las lágrimas que ya caían. Mis ojos me retaban a levantar a la mirada pero cobardemente no podía, estaba tan atrapada lidiando con las nauseas en mi estomago, que no sentí un par de brazos circular mi cintura por detrás. \"Levanta la mirada\" escuché una voz murmurar en mi oído. Cerré mis ojos, apretándolos fuertemente, evitando que más lágrimas cayeran \"Ya no importa Sofía\" murmuré de regreso. \"Si importa\" la escuché decir mientras sus brazos me sostenían, protegiéndome, como si mi cuerpo estuviera a punto de desvanecerse \"Mira\" Suspiré ligeramente y con mi corazón a punto de infartarse fui poco a poco levantando la mirada, y otro sollozó sacudió mi cuerpo al ver la escena enfrente de mí, y miré a Pía besar a alguien que no era yo. Mi cuerpo tembló bajo los brazos de Sofía y como respuesta a eso la escuché murmurar de vuelta en mi oído \"¿Dónde están las manos de Pía?\" Sollocé fuertemente y fruncí el entrecejo confundida con la pregunta de Sofía, pero el sentir sus labios besar mi cabeza, me aliento a que le respondiera. Traté de evadir lo más que podía la cara de Pía con la de la rubia, y solo me enfoqué en sus manos. \"Están apoyadas sobre el césped\" Sentí a Sofía asentir detrás de mí y de nuevo sentí su aliento hormigueando mi oreja \"¿Cómo esta su cuerpo?\" Sentía que Sofía estaba llegando a algo, así que con más ímpetu me dedique a observar a Pía, mis ojos circularon desde sus piernas hasta su cuello \"Recto\" le dije simplemente \"Incomodo\" le agregué al ver las manos de Pía cambiar posición en el césped. \"¿Cómo es Pía cuando te besa?\" Me preguntó por última vez. Mi mente hizo un recorrido al último beso que compartíamos y mientras las imágenes circulaban por mi cabeza, las palabras fluyeron fuera de mi boca \"Es dulce\" le respondí al ver a Pía inmóvil en el césped \"Acaricia mis mejillas, pone sus brazos alrededor de mi cuello…\" Paré mientras la realización me pego. \"No lo está disfrutando\" Sofía dejo escapar una pequeña risilla y me murmuró \"Es tuya Valentina\" la escuché suspirar y un tono bajo me dijo \"Es obvio para todas\". No podía aguantar más, por más que escuchaba que Pía era mía, mis ojos veían lo contrario, y con todas mis emociones acumuladas no podía hacer otra cosa que llorar. Las lágrimas corrían por mis mejillas sin detenerse, inundando completamente mis ojos, grandes sollozos quebraban mi cuerpo, sentía que caía. Lentamente volteé mi cuerpo y lancé mis brazos alrededor de Sofía, abrazándola hacia mí, dejando que las lágrimas que no habían caído en un año, cayeran ahora. \"Ven\" Sofía me dijo mientras pasaba sus manos por mi espalda \"Te llevaré a tu casa\". Y yo le tenía más confianza que nunca.[Chapter 6] ladylibra10: Gracias a ti por seguir leyendome =) y espero disfrutes este capitulo al igual que los otros =) gracias, gracias! JackieVodka: Hahah, eso es todo un halago! Aunque nunca he leídos los libros, solo he visto las peliculas =) Muchas gracias =) Yo sigo esperando la actualización de tu fic! Por cierto, un gusto hablar contigo! :) yasliz: Y siempre es un placer leer tus reviews =) Muchas gracias por seguir leyendo mi historia =) paxhunter13: Creo q si la juzgaron un poco mal hahah, había mucho odio hacia ella! (: Gracias por el review y espero te guste la conti =) Jossy: Aww haha, creo que no eras la unica que la odiaba, me alegra saber que eso ya cambio =) Gracias por tus comentarios! Y por el apoyo y por seguir leyendo! Espero te gusté lo que sigue =) kellyth: Hola! Muchas gracias por tu review =) espero te guste la continuación, gracias otravez =D basketcase89: Hahah, ntp, preparó algo para ella =) te presentó un capítulo relativamente feliz haha, hice mi esfuerzo para no incluir drama, gracias ale =D Kdl94: Aw, muchas gracias! =D me alegra saber que las opiniones hacia Sofía ya van poco a poco cambiando =) espero te guste lo que sigue =) GinebraRemyHadley: Si, yo había dicho antes que Sofía estaba llena de sorpresas haha =) Me alegra saber que te gustó el capitulo anterior, ya que no me sentía muy segura cuando lo actualize. Y lo siento por lo de la canción haha, pero yo tampoco he podido dejar de escucharla =) Y yo también amo a Effy! Junto con Emily son mis personajes favoritos =D 14789635: Hahah, ya veremos eso del libro, por mi encantada! A lo mejor en unos cuantos años mas =D Muchas gracias por tu comentario, me alegra mucho que te siga gustando la historia =) Me disculpó por la gran demoraa, no había tenido tiempo de terminarlo y además lo reescribí dos veces! Gracias por todos los comentarios del final de Sin Caer, que grato saber que les gusto mi final =) gracias :) VALENTINA Sentía mi cuerpo hundirse dentro de una superficie dura y no tan acolchonada, la sensación me daba a entender que estaba acostada sobre una cama desconocida. Mis ojos comenzaban lentamente a abrirse, lo primero que alcancé a notar fue el borroso piso de madera, y lo siguiente que entendí, era que no estaba en mi departamento. Un bostezó recorrió mí garganta, mi cuerpo sintiéndose descansado, como si hubiera pasado todo un día dormida. Giré mi cuerpo cayendo boca arriba sobre la cama y examine el techo, un pequeño abanico giraba sobre mí haciendo que mi piel se enchinará con frío. Mi mano se estiró para tocar el otro lado de la cama y sentí el colchón ligeramente hundido, alguien había dormido a mi lado. Mis ojos se movieron de un lado hacia el otro, examinando el extraño lugar, mi frente arrugándose con confusión, sin ninguna idea de lo que había pasado el día anterior. La vibración que sentí en mi cabeza al ver los rayos del sol entrar por la ventana solo me hizo recordar los caballitos de tequila que venían hacia mí uno tras otro. Y el tirón en mi corazón solo me hacia recordar una imagen, que cerrando mis ojos trataba de olvidar. Mi cabeza retumbaba con dolor de tan solo pensarlo, de tan solo imaginar sus labios fluidamente acariciar otros, con la ayuda de tanto alcohol sentía mi estomago retorcerse con nauseas y una gran sensación de querer devolver subía por mi garganta. Con ayuda de mis brazos me impulsé para sentarme en la cama, respirando profundamente, tratando de calmar la sensación que corría por mí garganta, cerré mis ojos por unos segundos, sintiendo el interior de mi estomago dar giros desagradables e inestables. Mis sentidos percibieron unos pasos venir desde el pasillo, indicando que venían hacia acá. Mis ojos se levantaron hacia él frente al escuchar los pasos detenerse y note unas piernas largas detenerse frente a mí, mis ojos las recorrieron subiendo hasta el bóxer negro ajustado sobre las curvas de la misteriosa persona, y prosiguieron por su abdomen, cubierto con una playera blanca, mientras seguían las líneas de los pequeños músculos marcados, algunos mechones negros llegaron a mí vista, mis ojos recorrieron los largos cabellos hasta detenerse con unos resplandecientes orbes verdes, muy conocidos por ser los de Sofía. Vi sus ojos achicarse con preocupación, sus labios formados en una línea recta, no podía imaginarme como me veía. \"¿Cómo te sientes?\" escuché su voz preguntarme a través de ecos, mi cabeza martillándose con cada palabra. Hice el intento de responderle pero de mi garganta solo logró salir un extraño gemido, haciendo que en respuesta una risa escapará de los labios de Sofía. Escuché los pasos de nuevo y la miré venir hacia mí, entre sus manos cargaba un pequeño vaso de vidrio. \"Lo imagine\" escuché los ecos de nuevo venir a mi lado mientras la sentía sentarse a mi lado. \"Te preparé esto\" agregó mientras con su mano ponía el vaso frente a mí, ofreciéndomelo. Mis ojos miraron el contenido por un par de segundos y el olor que desprendía hacía que mi nariz se arrugará con desagrado \"¿Qué es?\" le pregunté escuchando una voz ronca salir de mi garganta. Sofía rió y puso el vaso en mis manos mientras me preguntaba \"¿Segura que quieres saber?\" Sacudí mi cabeza mientras miraba el liquido rojo oscuro flotar dentro del vaso de vidrio. \"Hasta el fondo\" Sofía me indicó y con un gran respiro lleve el vaso hacia mis labios, titubeé por un segundo pero al final sentí el liquido tibio recorrer mi garganta. El primer trago fue el más difícil, podía distinguir algo como jugo de tomate mezclado con salsa, en segundos podía sentir el dolor de mi cabeza atenuarse, pero la mezcla hacía que mi estomago se quejará con desagrado. Con gran dificultad terminé la bebida, alejando el vaso de mis labios \"Gracias\" le agradecí a Sofía mientras dejaba el vaso vacío sobre la mesita de noche. Sofía asintió y me dio una media sonrisa, y noté algo diferente en ella, sus ojos no brillaban tanto como antes lo hacían, mi cabeza se inclinó hacia un lado observándola, la llegada de Pía también le había afectado. Desde antes sabía que sus sentimientos hacia mí eran más que amistad y me mataba por dentro no poder corresponderla, no después de todo lo que ha hecho por mí. Mis ojos se apartaron de los suyos, sintiendo una extraña vergüenza correr por mí cuerpo. Recorrí el cuarto con mi mirada nuevamente hasta que mis ojos cayeron sobre el reloj que Sofía mantenía colgado en su pared, las manecillas leían 11:05 am. \"¿Vas a casa de Adela?\" Escuché la voz de Sofía preguntar a mi lado, había notado que mis ojos escaneaban el reloj. Volteando hacia ella, mi cabeza gentilmente le asintió y mis labios le dieron una sonrisa \"¿Quieres venir?\" le pregunté amablemente, pero desde que la vi mirarme con esos ojos tristes y apagados sabía cuál era su respuesta, no iría a ningún lugar mientras Pía estuviera ahí. Sofía me regreso la sonrisa, pero está solo duro unos segundos sobre sus labios \"No puedo Valen, ya sabes…\" me dijo mientras se encogía de hombros \"Domingo familiar\" Reí al ver su cara contornarse con desagrado, aunque Sofía había salido de su casa debido a sus padres, aún mantenía una relación estrecha con ellos, algo de lo cual, aunque yo no lo aceptará, me daba envidia, pero me sentía feliz de que mis domingos los pasaba con quienes eran ahora mi familia. \"¿Segura?\" le pregunté de nuevo mientras mis pies bajaban para tocar la madera fría del suelo, Sofía asintió de nuevo y me sonrió \"La próxima vez\". Pensando en que esa próxima vez se vería muy lejos, me levanté de la cama, quisiera poder tener a Pía y a Sofía en el mismo lugar, pero algo me decía que eso era técnicamente imposible. Mi cuello giró para mirarla, aún se encontraba sentada en la cama, esperando cualquier cosa que le indicará que no quisiera irme. Le sonreí con un poco de tristeza reluciendo en ella \"Gracias por lo de anoche\" le dije sinceramente, y noté sus labios formarse en esa sonrisa desolada solo logrando que la puñalada en mi corazón se volviera más profunda. \"De nada\" la escuché decir en un murmuro casi inaudible. Me incliné hacia el suelo y sujete mis zapatos, percatándome que aún usaba la misma ropa de ayer, la cual desprendía un fuerte olor a tequila, moría por darme una gran ducha caliente. \"Tengo que irme\" le dije incómodamente, mientras con mi vista indicaba hacia la puerta. La escuché emitir un suspiro profundo y cansando, mientras lentamente se paraba de la cama, deteniéndose enfrente de mí. Mis ojos no podían evitar recorrer su cuerpo de nuevo, pero sacudiendo mi cabeza ligeramente traté de borrar los pensamientos que poco a poco comenzaban a surgir dentro de mi mente. \"Te veo pronto\" le dije en voz baja mientras me inclinaba hacia su cara, dejando un beso rápido sobre su mejilla, la vi sonreírme por última vez y antes de que pudiera arrepentirme salí de su habitación, mi corazón palpitando con culpa. Después de darme un agradable baño caliente y lanzar sobre mi cuerpo ropas limpias y libres de olor a tequila, salí del gran edificio donde se encontraba mi apartamento y comencé mi camino hacia la casa de Adela, como lo hacía todos los domingos desde hace aproximadamente 6 meses. Gracias al remedio de Sofía mi cabeza había dejado finalmente de vibrar, y me sentía agradecida de eso, aunque sentía los rayos del sol quemar mis ojos de una manera incomoda. Con pasos lentos caminaba hacia la casi mansión de los Huerta, sintiendo a mi alrededor una envoltura de nervios que lo único que lograban era acelerar mi corazón, mientras mi cabeza se perdía dentro de imágenes flotantes de una morena con ojos brillosos. Después de ese beso que estuvimos a punto de compartir estaba más segura que nunca de que mi oportunidad con ella aún seguía ahí, una gran esperanza había inundado mi corazón, pero en tan solo segundos, y con la misma rapidez en la que creció también se desvaneció. No sentía que la ayuda de Sofía era suficiente, pero por lo menos me había dado la suficiente fuerza para darme cuenta que no podía dejar de pelear por ella, tenía que sobreponerme a este miedo que me entraba cuando la tenía cerca, pero no era nada fácil remover esas imágenes de mi cabeza que la incluían a ella con alguien más. Sentí mis puños apretarse a mi lado, los celos recorriendo mi cuerpo, golpeando mi estomago y agitando mi respiración. Mientras mi cabeza se sacudía de un lado a otro, tratando de deshacerme de las imágenes que tanta incomodidad me causaban, alcancé a notar, desde el rincón de mi ojo un vislumbro de mechones negros volando con el aire. Instantáneamente mi cuello giró hacia un lado, mis ojos siguiendo los cabellos. Mis ojos se hicieron gigantes al ver que cruzando la calle se encontraba ella, caminando del otro lado de la acera. Sin siquiera pensarlo dos veces, miré hacia ambos lados de la calle, y al tener el camino libre corrí hacia el otro lado de la calle siguiéndola de cerca. \"Pía!\" le grité de inmediato al ver que poco a poco aumentaba su paso, alejándose de mí. Con el mundo bajando de velocidad, la vi lentamente voltear su cara hacia mí. Incluso para ella le era imposible detener la sonrisa que crecía sobre sus labios en el momento que mis ojos se encontraron con los suyos. Sin preocuparme por nada, mis pies comenzaron a caminar automáticamente hacia ella. Mi corazón di un vuelco al ver que su sonrisa incrementaba mientras me acercaba, sus dientes brillando junto con los rayos del sol. No sé que se vino sobre mí pero cuando estaba justamente a un paso de ella no pude evitar el impulso de lanzar mis brazos alrededor de sus hombros, envolviéndola en un gran abrazo. Mis ojos se cerraron automáticamente, el aroma de su perfume inundando mis sentidos. Las mariposas revolotearon al sentir sus brazos circular mi cintura, acercándome hacia su cuerpo. Su nariz ligeramente tocó mi cuello y en mi cara se plasmó una sonrisa boba de enamorada mientras mis manos recorrían suavemente su espalda, quedándonos en el abrazo un poco más de lo esperado. Lentamente la realidad fue envolviéndonos de nuevo y después de unos cuantos minutos la escuché aclarar su garganta mientras sentía sus brazos dejar mi cuerpo, haciendo que una brisa fría enchinará mi piel. La vi pararse incómodamente frente mi, sus ojos mirando sus zapatos, claramente evadiendo los míos. Sentía mi corazón volverse diminuto ante la incomodidad que tenía hacia mí \"Hola\" le dije en un murmuro, logrando que su mirada se levantará hacia mi rostro. \"Hola\" la escuché responderme, mirándome con una sonrisa tímida y nerviosa, logrando que la palpitación dentro de mí pecho creciera. Con mis ojos le indiqué hacia la calle y le pregunté \"¿Casa de Adela?\" Con su cabeza me asintió y compartimos una pequeña sonrisa tímida, mientras comenzábamos a caminar lado a lado, nuestros cuerpos acercándose como imanes. Caminamos por un par de minutos en total silencio, nuestras manos de vez en cuando rozandosé por la cercanía, despertando en mi la urgencia de tomar su mano entre la mía. De reojo noté que su cara mostraba la misma incomodidad que la mía. ¿Desde cuándo las cosas se habían vuelto tan raras entre nosotras? \"¿Vives por aquí?\" le pregunté, tratando de romper el hielo que caía entre nosotras. \"Algo\" la escuché responderme \"Pero como vengo del restaurante vengo desde un poco más lejos\". \"¿Desde hace cuanto que trabajas ahí?\" le pregunté de nuevo, mi intención además de crear una plática amigable, era conocer más sobre lo que había estado haciendo estos últimos meses. \"Desde hace casi 6 meses\" vino su respuesta y yo la miré sorprendida, 6 meses viviendo en la misma ciudad y hasta hace dos días que nos topamos de nuevo. \"¿Qué hiciste los otros 6 meses?\" Pía se encogió de hombros y giró su cuello para mirarme \"Nada en especial, conocí varios pueblos, estuve trabajando aquí y allá, hasta que decidí regresar\" Estaba a punto de volver a interrogarla cuando la escuché exhalar, seguido de una pregunta. \"¿Y desde cuando están estas reuniones en casa de Adela?\" Me preguntó tratando de cambiar el tema \"Es difícil imaginarlo\" agregó con una risa saliendo de sus labios. Yo reí con ella sintiendo el aire poco a poco aligerarse \"Desde hace tiempo ya, algunos meses después de salir de casa de Maca\" Pía suspiro pesadamente y volteó a verme \"Nunca me imaginé que fueran tan cercanas\" Yo le asentí y reí un poco, estando de acuerdo con ella. \"Ni yo, fue algo que simplemente paso\". Nos sonreímos por unos segundos hasta que escuché a Pía preguntarme de nuevo \"¿Y que se suponen que hacen? Para saber a que me enfrentó\" Sacudiendo mi cabeza la miré y una pequeña risa salió de mis labios \"De todo\" le respondí encogiéndome de hombros \"Adela y Greta son adictas al Rock Band\" agregué riendo mientras imágenes de días pasados venían a mi mente. \"¿Rock Band?\" Escuché la voz de Pía suavemente preguntarme a mi lado, sacándome de mis pensamientos. \"¿Nunca has jugado?\" le pregunté, y en respuesta la vi sacudir su cabeza. \"¿En dónde has vivido estos últimos días?\" le pregunté juguetonamente \"¿En una cueva?\" Pía resopló y chocó su hombro contra el mío \"Hey!\" la escuché exclamarme haciéndome reír. \"Tal vez puedas enseñarme\" la escuché decir y mis ojos voltearon a verla, su mirada centellaba traviesamente. Casi parecía que estuviera coqueteando conmigo. \"Si podría\" le respondí con una sonrisa maliciosa creciendo en mis labios. \"Aunque no creo que puedas seguirme el paso\" agregue encogiendo mis hombros de manera indiferente. Pía resopló de nuevo y sentí sus manos empujar mi hombro, haciendo que mis piernas perdieran un poco el balance. \"Amaneciste agresiva\" le afirmé mientras recobraba mi paso caminando junto con ella. \"Amaneciste in-so-poor-ta-blee!\" Pía respondió recalcando la última palabra y no pude evitar reírme, al fin parecía que todo volvía a ser como antes. Se me vino una idea a la mente y girando mi cuerpo rápidamente camine hacia atrás, mirándola de frente. \"Así me quieres\" le dije con una sonrisa arrogante pero juguetona, miré sus mejillas poco a poco enrojecerse haciendo que una risilla escapará de mis labios. \"¿Una carrera hacia casa de Adela?\" le pregunté y sin esperar respuesta giré mi cuerpo de nuevo emprendiendo velocidad hacia la gran reja negra que se veía a los lejos. Detrás de mí escuche a Pía gritar mi nombre, giré un poco mi cuello y la miré a toda velocidad correr detrás de mí. Y si que era rápida, en segundos la vi poco a poco alcanzándome, haciendo que mis piernas aumentarán la velocidad, pero podía escucharla venir a tan solo unos pasos detrás de mí. La reja se veía cada vez más cerca y tuve que detenerme abruptamente al llegar al intercomunicador, mi mano se apoyo contra la reja mientras mis pulmones tomaban un respiro, pero de repente sentí un brazo jalar del mío, haciendo que mi cabeza girará hacia un lado. \"Hiciste trampa\" escuché a Pía reír mientras trataba de recobrar su aliento. Mi corazón dio vueltas hacia atrás cuando mis ojos hicieron contacto con los suyos. Sentía mi respiración detenerse mientras mi mirada recorría su rostro, el cual se encontraba enrojecido por la corrida, sus ojos me sonreían mostrando pequeñas arrugas a los lados y sus labios se mostraban más rojos que antes, incitándome a tocarlos. Sentí un tirón en mi corazón al ver sus ojos suavizarse ante los míos. Temblorosamente mi mano subió hacia su mejilla, dejando pequeños círculos sobre de ella. Su sonrisa de pronto se transformo en una línea seria, mientras su cara se inclinaba hacia mi contacto, mi respiración se agitaba al sentir sus labios muy ligeramente tocar la palma de mi mano, dejando el más corto beso sobre ella. Mi estomago comenzaba a dar volteretas, mi mano libre se acercó hacia su cadera, sujetándola firmemente. Lentamente comenzaba a jalar su cuerpo hacia el mío, mientras nuestros ojos se mantenían conectados. Mi cara comenzó a inclinarse hacia la suya y sentía mi cabeza nublarse al verla reciprocar el movimiento. En un segundo nuestras frentes estaban prácticamente tocándose, mientras nuestros labios se encontraba a centímetros de acariciarse, mis ojos comenzaban a cerrarse al sentir su aliento tan cerca del mío… \"HEY!\" Instantáneamente nuestros cuerpos dieron un salto hacia atrás, alejándose, al escuchar un grito venir desde las afueras de la casa. Las dos miramos hacia el frente, nuestros ojos enormes con pánico al haber sido descubiertas. Mis ojos se cerraron en frustración mientras un suspiro salía de mi garganta, ahí en la entrada de la casa de Adela se encontraba Marisa, saludándonos con sus dos manos. Escuché a Pía reír a mí lado y la miré entrar por la reja hacia nuestra interruptora. Mi mano subió hacia mí cabello, desordenando mis mechones rojizos con desesperación al haber sido interrumpidas de nuevo. Forzando una sonrisa sobre mis labios entré detrás de Pía, siguiéndola hasta la puerta de la entrada. Vi a Marisa envolverla en un gran abrazo para después guiarla hacia el interior de la casa. A tan solo unos pasos de haber entrado, mi corazón se detuvo de nuevo al ver a Pía voltear a verme sobre su hombro, una sonrisa encantadora colgando de sus labios, mientras la otra morena la jalaba de su brazo. Mi sonrisa se suavizó al sentir esas familiares mariposas volar dentro de mí. Las tres comenzábamos a subir las escaleras hacia el cuarto de Adela y a lo lejos alcanzaba a escuchar su voz corear \"Livin' on a prayer\" de Bon Jovi. No pude evitar reírme al escucharla, Adela no se cansaba de cantar esa canción una y otra vez. Al subir seguimos un ancho pasillo, siguiendo la voz cantante de Adela, entramos al primer cuarto hacia nuestra izquierda y no pude evitar reírme de nuevo, solo que ahora Pía reía a mi lado. Ahí en el centro del cuarto se encontraban Adela junto con Greta, el micrófono entre las dos mientras cantaban al mismo tiempo siguiendo el ritmo que marcaba la pantalla. Mi cara se inclinó hacia el oído de Pía y en voz baja le murmuré \"Te dije\" nuestros labios sonrieron al verlas cantar la última línea de la canción. La risa de Pía hacía que mi corazón se contrajera, de una forma que jamás había experimentado. \"Llegaron!\" Adela exclamó mientras lanzaba el micrófono hacia su cama cayendo a un lado de Nina, quién se encontraba recargada leyendo una revista. \"Qué bueno\" agregó mientras nos envolvía en un abrazo \"Me muero de hambre!\" La escuché exclamar de nuevo mientras nos soltaba. La vimos rápidamente dejar el cuarto y escuchamos a una Greta reírse en frente de nosotras. \"Antojos\" nos informó mientras sacudía su cabeza. \"Nos vemos abajo\" agregó riendo mientras caminaba detrás de su amiga. Mi ojos voltearon hacia la cama de Adela, mirando a Nina y Marisa \"¿Y cuál es el antojo de hoy?\" les pregunté mientras caminaba hacia la puerta, lista para seguirlas. \"Lasagna\" Nina respondió mientras daba vueltas a la revista que leía. Un chillido escapó de los labios de Marisa y yo la miré preocupada. \"¿Lasagna?\" Preguntó mientras volteaba a ver a su ídola. \"Si, si lasagna\" Nina le respondió de manera indiferente. Soltando otro chillido se levanto rápidamente pasando a mi lado, caminando hacia la cocina. Escuché a Pía reír a mi lado mientras sacudía su cabeza. \"Marisa no ha cambiado nada\". Le di una media sonrisa y sin pensarlo sujeté su mano con la mía, entrelazando nuestros dedos. \"Ven\" le dije mientras la guiaba fuera del cuarto y hacia las escaleras. Fue solo cuando íbamos a la mitad de los escalones que me percaté que mi mano sujetaba la de ella, mis ojos se volvieron enormes por tal atrevido movimiento, y gentilmente traté de soltarla, pero me vi sorprendida al ver que no podía, lo que más me sorprendía era la manera en la que Pía sujetaba fuertemente mi mano con la suya, no queriendo soltarla. Al bajar hacia la sala sentí a Pía de repente detenerse, mi cuerpo giró hacia ella y la miré confundida, con cierta preocupación resaltando en mi mirada. Rápidamente vi sus labios formarse en una sonrisa, como si hubiera notado mi nerviosismo. \"Hm, ¿el baño donde esta?\" la escuché preguntarme haciéndome suspirar con alivio. Le sonreí de regreso y le indiqué al pasillo que estaba hacia el fondo \"Primera puerta a la derecha\" le respondí mientras sentía su mano darle un apretón a la mía antes de soltarla \"Ahora vuelvo\" me dijo con una sonrisa brillante mientras se dirigía hacia el pasillo. La miré desaparecer y con una sonrisa tonta en mis labios caminé hacia la cocina, pero me detuve en la entrada al escuchar a Greta murmurar el nombre de Pía. \"¿Que Pía no estaba saliendo con aquella chica?\" Escuché a Greta preguntar en voz baja. Me recargué en la pared para evitar que me vieran mientras escuchaba una voz contestarle \"No, al menos aún no\" Vino la respuesta de Marisa. \"¿Y tu como sabes eso?\" Escuché a Adela preguntar, y presioné mi oreja hacia la pared, interesada con lo que diría Marisa. \"Fatu y yo la seguimos en la universidad\" escuché a Marisa reír \"Y la escuchamos decir que han salido un par de veces, pero que no eran nada\". Adela suspiró aliviada y le murmuró de regreso \"¿Entonces Pía seguirá queriendo a Vale?\" Greta resopló y le contestó \"Duh!\" Automáticamente una sonrisa se dibujo en mis labios mientras mis ojos miraban hacia el techo, agradeciendo a cualquier fuerza de que mi oportunidad con ella estaba más cerca que nunca. Con un suspiro esperanzador y con un brillo nuevo sobre mi semblante entré a la cocina. \"¿Qué hacen? ¿Qué hacen?\" Les pregunté mientras entraba como si no hubiera escuchado nada, pero podía sentir mis labios solamente expandirse aún más. Adela sujetó los guantes de cocina que se encontraban arriba de la estufa y se los puso sobre sus manos. \"Sacando la comida\" dijo mientras abría la puerta del horno para sacar un refractario de adentro. Sentí mi estomago retorcijarse de hambre al oler el aroma de pasta y especias volar en el ambiente. \"Genial!\" les exclamé brillantemente \"Me muero de hambre!\" Vi a Adela y Greta darse una mirada sospechosa mientras yo solamente las miraba con una sonrisa. \"¿Qué hacen aquí?\" Escuché la voz de Pía preguntar detrás de mí, le di la espalda a las demás y volteé mi cabeza hacia ella, la sonrisa aún pegada sobre mis labios \"Vamos a fuera\" le dije mientras mi mano se acercaba a sujetar la suya y entrelazando sus dedos con los míos la guié hacia el patio, dejando a las niñas confundidas en la cocina. \"¿Por qué tan feliz?\" Pía me preguntó mientras mis manos abrían la puerta corrediza que daba hacia el patio. Yo simplemente me encogí de hombros manteniendo la sonrisa en mis labios. Con mi mano le indiqué a Pía que saliera primero y yo caminé detrás de ella, cerrando la puerta en el proceso. \"Wow\" escuché a Pía exclamar y vi su cara de asombro escanear la parte trasera de la casa de Adela. Me detuve detrás de ella, recordando la primera vez que nosotras vinimos aquí, nos encontrábamos igual de asombradas, y con buena razón. El piso de su patio estaba completamente tapizado con una roca color marrón, en el centro se encontraba lo mejor de toda la casa, una alberca rectangular y larga, el agua brillando con los rayos del sol, en una esquina se encontraba un jacuzzi circular y a un extremo una tabla para zambullirse. Pero eso no era todo, a unos cuantos pasos detrás de la alberca se encontraba una enorme palapa, en un lado tenía un largo mostrador que cargaba una parrilla y del otro lado se encontraba conectado un sistema de sonido con dos largas bocinas y arriba de ella, una televisión de plasma. Mi mano se acercó a la de Pía, sujetándola con la mía \"Ven\" le murmuré mientras jalaba de su mano, llevándola hacia la palapa. Al llegar a ella solté su mano y le mandé una sonrisa mientras caminaba hacia el estéreo. A lado de este se encontraba una pequeña mesa de madera, cubierta de CD's de todo tipo de música y de géneros. Busque entre ellos y me decidí por uno que contenía la canción que desde hace minutos rondaba mi cabeza, en segundos introduje el disco de Colbie Caillat y esperé a que Realize envolvierá el ambiente... Take time to realize, that your warmth is crashing down on in. Volteé hacia ella y la vi dándome la espalda, mirando hacia la alberca, sus antebrazos recargados sobre el mostrador. Take time to realize. Sonriendo caminé hacia ella, una sorpresiva valentia empezaba a recorrer mi cuerpo. That I'm on your side. Didn't I, didn't I tell you. Al estar lo suficiente cerca, circulé mis brazos alrededor de su cintura, abrazándola por detrás. But I can't spell it out for you. Por un segundo sentí su cuerpo ponerse tenso entre mis brazos. No it's never gonna be that simple. Pero en el momento que lo sentí relajarse puse mi mentón sobre su hombro. No I can't spell it out for you. \"¿Que ves?\" le murmuré suavemente al oído. Sentí su cabeza apoyarse sobre la mía \"Solo pienso\" escuché su voz murmurarme de regreso. If you'd just realize what I just realized. \"¿Sobre qué?\" le pregunté de nuevo, mientras acercaba su cuerpo hacia el mío. Then we'd be perfect for each other. And we'll never find another. \"De lo que me he perdido\" Just realize what I just realized. Cerré mis ojos al sentir su aroma nublar mis sentidos. We'd never have to wonder if we missed out on each other now. \"No te has perdido de nada\" le dije en voz baja mientras gentilmente la volteaba hacia mí, mis manos aun circulando su cintura. La vi sonrojarse debido a nuestra cercanía, haciendo que mi corazón comenzará a acelerarse. \"Estoy feliz de que estés aquí\" le dije mientras ponía un mechón negro detrás de su oreja. Take time to realize. \"¿En verdad lo estás?\" Me preguntó mientras inclinaba su cabeza a un lado. Oh-oh I'm on your side. Le sonreí dulcemente, perdiéndome dentro de sus ojos \"¿Por qué no lo estaría?\" Didn't I, didn't I tell you. La vi encogerse de hombros y me dio una media sonrisa \"Tienes mejores cosas que hacer ahora\" Take time to realize. Sacudí mi cabeza y la miré directamente a los ojos \"Que por ti las dejaría todas\" le dije sinceramente. Oh-oh I'm on your side . Sus ojos lentamente evadieron los míos tímidamente, una pequeña risa salió de mis labios y gentilmente la acerque hacia mí. Sentí su brazos arrastrarse alrededor de mi cuello, abrazándome de vuelta. But I can't spell it out for you. \"Te he extrañado tanto\" le murmuré ante su cuello. No it's never gonna be that simple. La sentí exhalar profundamente \"Yo también\" me murmuró de regreso. No I can't spell it out for you. \"No te desaparezcas de nuevo\" le dije seriamente mientras rompía el abrazo. If you'd just realize what I just realized . Una risa salió de sus labios y puso sus manos sobre mis hombros \"No lo haré\". Then we'd be perfect for each other and we'll never find another . Le sonreí suavemente y aleje el fleco de sus ojos \"Tus ojos son hermosos\" le dije sin pensarlo. Just realize what I just realized. La vi evadir de nuevo mis ojos y mi corazón di un brinco con lo tierna que era. We'd never have to wonder if we missed out on each other but.. \"Gracias por invitarme\" me dijo cuando su mirada volvió hacia mí. It's not the same. Le asentí sonriendo mientras inclinaba mi cabeza hacia ella \"Ahora vendrás siempre\". No it's never the same. Pía rió y levantó sus cejas \"¿Es orden?\". If you don't feel it too. Yo reí con ella y le asentí de nuevo \"Me encantaría\" me respondió con una sonrisa mientras pasaba sus dedos por mi cabello. If you meet me half way. Mis ojos lentamente bajaron hacia sus labios. If you would meet me half way. Y por segunda vez en el día me encontraba inclinándome hacia ellos. It could be the same for you. Y por segunda vez la vi inclinándose hacia mí. If you'd just realize what I just realized. Vi sus ojos cerrarse y los míos le siguieron. Then we'd be perfect for each other and we'll never find another. Nuestras narices se tocaron, y sonreí mientras se frotaron una con la otra. Just realize what I just realized. Separé mis labios esperando el contacto con los suyos… We'd never have to wonder if we mised out on each other. \"Vamooos a comeeer!\" Escuchamos la voz de Adela cantar desde la ventana de su cuarto. Rugí con desesperación mientras mi cara cayó sobre el hombro de Pía. Sentí su cuerpo temblar con risa y no pude evitar hacerlo yo también, el destino sí que estaba en contra de besarnos. \"Vamos\" escuché la voz de Pía decirme y yo levanté mi cabeza de su hombro, sacudiendo la frustración. Caminé hacia el estéreo y lo desconecté amargamente, escuchando la risa de Pía mientras se formaba un aspecto amenazante en mi cara. Con la brisa de la noche haciendo temblar mi cuerpo abrí la reja negra que rodeaba la casa de Adela. \"¿La pasaste bien?\" le pregunté a Pía mientras la veía pasar a un lado mío. \"Más que bien\" la escuché reír mientras cerraba la reja. \"De verdad, hace mucho que no la pasaba tan bien\" me confesó mientras caminábamos lado a lado sobre la calle. \"Te habían extrañado\" le dije con una sonrisa, refiriéndome al resto de las niñas. Pía suspiró con un aire de satisfacción y hundió sus manos dentro de las bolsas de su chamarra \"Y yo a ellas\" respondió en voz baja. Caminamos en silencio por varios minutos, sin sentir la incomodidad de antes, solamente disfrutábamos la compañía de la otra, no quedaba mucho por decir ya. Pero mi corazón de repente se detuvo al verla detenerse en una esquina, sus ojos siguiendo la calle contraria hacia donde yo me dirigía. \"Tengo que irme hacia el otro lado\" me informó con una media sonrisa, notando algo de decepción en ella. Mi corazón comenzó a acelerarse, y no queriendo dejarla ir aún, mis palabras saltaron de mi boca \"Hay algo que quiero enseñarte\" le dije en un respiro y la vi arrugar su frente en confusión. Aclaré mi garganta y mordí mi labio inferior \"Mi departamento está a una cuadra\" le dije indicando hacia la siguiente calle con mi cabeza. La mire debatir por un minuto consigo misma, haciendo que los nervios crecieran en mí, mientras esperaba su respuesta. Finalmente la vi asentirme ligeramente y con un suspiro aliviado la guié hacia mi departamento. \"Bonito lugar\" escuché a Pía chiflar mientras veía el edificio de arriba hacia abajo. Reí incómodamente y abrí la puerta del edificio para dejarla entrar. \"Mi apartamento es uno de los primeros, odió subir por las escaleras\" escuché a Pía resoplar a mi lado mientras pasábamos por el lobby. \"¿Desde hace cuanto que vives acá?\" Pía me preguntó mientras abría la puerta de mi apartamento. \"Desde hace unos 8 meses\" le contesté mientras la veía entrar. \"Perdón por el desorden\" le dije riendo mientras recogía algunas prendas de ropa que se encontraban regadas por el suelo. Pía río conmigo y sacudió su cabeza \"Siempre tan desordenada mi Valen\". Mis ojos se cerraron al escuchar su voz, parecía que con cada palabra que decía me hacia enamorarme de ella una vez más. La vi dirigirse hacia la mesa de madera que se encontraba a lado de la puerta, mientras examinaba las fotos que se encontraban sobre ella. Una sonrisa de repente se mostraba sobre sus labios, y mi corazón no creía que la misma me Pía que me había besado en casa de Maca estaba conmigo otra vez. \"¿Qué era lo que querías enseñarme?\" escuché su voz preguntar, sacándome de mis pensamientos. Caminé hacia el pasillo y con mis ojos le indiqué que me siguiera. Silenciosamente entre a mi cuarto y mis ojos se dirigieron hacia mi cama, donde en ella se encontraba recostada una suave tortuga de peluche. \"Valen…\" escuché a Pía murmurar detrás de mí, claramente viendo lo que yo veía. \"¿Esto era lo que querías enseñarme?\" me preguntó mientras la veía acercarse a mi cama, sus manos tocando su antiguo peluche. \"Sí\" le respondí mientras me acercaba a ella. \"La recogí de tu apartamento\" le dije mientras con un gran suspiro me sentaba sobre la cama \"Justo después de que te fuiste\" le agregué, sintiendo mi corazón contraerse al recordar ese día, al ver que todas sus cosas habían desaparecido. La sentí sentarse a mi lado, sus manos acariciando su tortuga de peluche. La miré por unos segundos perdiéndome en su sonrisa al tener su peluche de nuevo, pero en mi cabeza una pregunta recorría, una que desde que nos encontramos de nuevo, moría por decir, y ahora parecía la oportunidad perfecta. Con un gran respiro me atreví a decir \"¿Por qué te fuiste?\". Su mirada automáticamente se levanto para encontrarse con la mía, podía sentir mis ojos poco a poco hundirse con lágrimas. Pía suspiro y dirigió su mirada hacia el suelo \"No lo sé\" la escuché suspirar. Resoplé y sacudí mi cabeza no creyéndole \"Claro que lo sabes\" le respondí con un tono de voz más alto. \"Me dejaste un año sin saber absolutamente nada de ti, ¿Por qué?\" le demandé. La vi morder su labio inferior tratando a toda cuesta de evitar contestar. Abruptamente me levanté de la cama y me paré frente a ella, sintiendo un enojo pasar por mi cuerpo \"¿Sabes la falta que me hiciste?\" le pregunté con las lágrimas quemando mis ojos. \"Fue un año duro, te necesite!\" Pía cerró los ojos por un segundo y en un murmuro casi inaudible me respondió \"No podía quedarme\" Resoplé de nuevo sintiendo la frustración al no tener mi pregunta contestada \"Pero ¿Por qué?\" le presione. \"Porque no podía estar cerca de ti!\" El tono de su voz me sorprendió tanto, haciéndome tomar un paso hacia atrás. Pía sacudió su cabeza y se levanto de la cama \"Te quería más que como una amiga!\" Me exclamó y podía ver las lágrimas una por una recorrer su mejilla. \"No soportaba estar tan cerca de ti…\" me dijo mientras sus ojos miraban el piso \"Y no tenerte…\" agregó con un suspiro. Mis ojos se suavizaron al escuchar su confusión, mis manos subieron hacia su cara y la sujetaron, obligándola a mirarme a los ojos \"Ahora puedes tenerme\" le murmuré gentilmente. Sus ojos se cerraron con mis palabras y solamente sacudió su cabeza \"¿Cómo estoy segura de eso?\" Mis manos cayeron de su rostro y suspiré profundamente \"¿Qué más quieres que haga Pía?\" le pregunté sintiéndome desesperada \"No sé que más hacer\" agregué encogiéndome de hombros. Pía bajo su mirada de nuevo y escuché un sollozó quebrar su cuerpo \"Por favor solo dame una oportunidad\" le rogué, sintiendo mis propias lagrimas mojar mi rostro. \"No lo sé Valentina\" escuché a Pía suspirar. Desesperada mis manos sujetaron su rostro de nuevo \"Estoy enamorada de ti Pía!\" Le exclamé en voz alta \"¿Qué no lo ves?\" le pregunté mientras miraba sus ojos examinar todo mi rostro. \"No te voy a lastimar nunca más\" agregué mientras tocaba su frente con la mía. \"Dime qué quieres que haga y lo hago\" le pregunté por última vez sintiendo mi voz finalmente quebrarse. \"Dímelo de nuevo\" escuché la voz de Pía claramente decirme y mi rostro se alejo del suyo mirándola con confusión \"¿Qué?\" le pregunté mientras mis manos dejaban sus mejillas. \"Dime de nuevo que estas enamorada de mí\" la vi responderme con determinación en sus ojos. Sentía una sonrisa comenzar a crecer sobre mis labios pero la detuve, y sin titubear ni un solo segundo, cumplí su deseo \"Estoy perdidamente enamorada de ti Pía Montoya\". Y por tercera vez en el día su rostro se inclinó hacia el mío, solo que esta vez, mis labios encontraron el contacto con los suyos...[Chapter 7] lu: Aww, gracias por comentar :D te lo agradezco mucho mucho =) perdón por el último par de retrasos que he tenido, espero aún sigas mi historia :) JackieVodka: De verdad que me alegra saber que te gusto el final! Que siento que se me esta llendó un poco la inspiración al escribir, me preocupa! Pero ya sabes que agradezco mucho que aún me sigas porque de verdad escribes como si hubieras publicado mil libros ya :) 14789635: Aw, la desesperación haha =) gracias por seguir leyendomé, me hace inmensamente feliz haha :) de verdad, gracias! Jossy: Muy buena táctica en verdad! Ojalá se me dieran a mí hacerlas como las escribo hahah :P gracias por el review y perdón por tanta tardanza :) ladylibra10: Siempre es tan tan grato leer tus comentarios, q con reviews como los tuyos solo dan ganas de escribir y de escribir :) gracias de verdad, espero te siga gustando :) yasliz: Apreció mucho todos tus comentarios =) en verdad espero que estes disfrutando de la historia, que es lo mas importante :) Kdl94: Es una canción buenisima, amo todo de colbie calliat, siempre hay algo bonito en todas sus canciones :) Gracias por comentar! Fue triste ver q tu historia acabo :( aunque sigo teniendo esperanzas para algun tipo de continuación :) Rami: Tardé y lo volví hacer! :( pero ahora si estoy segura de q no volvera a pasar, muchas gracias por tu review :) basketcase89: Q bueno q te gusto mi capitulo \"feliz\" haha :) sofia, sofia, tendrá algo feliz, es una de mis personajes favoritas en la historia, no tendrá un final triste :) graciaas por seguir leyendome =) GinebraRemyHadley: Me alegra que te haya gustado =) siempre es muy grato leer tus comentarios, aprecio cada uno de ellos, siempre me hacen sonreír :) yo también amo a colbie, con locura, sus canciones son realmente perfectas =) A emily la adoro, alguna vez has visto skins versión US? kellyth: Gracias por seguir leyendomé =) y espero te guste la continuación, de verdad me alegra que te siga gustando :D paxhunter13: Amo la canción =) gracias por el review, espero te guste la continuación aunque me haya tardado tantoo en actualizar haha, lo siento :( Muchas gracias :D Nuevamente tengo que disculparme por el tan largo retraso, lo siento, mi periodo de examenes comenzó estas dos últimas semanas y estuve muy atareada, además de que tuve que hacer un pequeño viaje... En fin, lo bueno, es que es un capitulo algo largo y que, ya q por ahora mis examenes han terminado no tardare tanto :) En otras notas, la canción que utilizo aqui es Tiempo de Ti de Playa Limbo y los dialogos en cursiva son todos recuerdos de Valentina. Gracias por seguir leyendo! (: VALENTINA Con un gran ruido sordo sentí mi espalda chocar contra la pared, mis labios moviéndose ferozmente contra los de Pía. Mis manos se enredaron entre su cabello, presionando su cabeza hacia la mía, intensificando el beso. Su respiración me hacía temblar con deseo y prácticamente me derretía bajo sus suaves labios mientras fluían sobre los míos. Escuchaba los gemidos rugir dentro de su garganta, su boca separándose de la mía febrilmente, nuestras lenguas tratando de conocer cada rincón de estás. Sentí su cuerpo presionarse contra el mío, escapando de mí un extraño rugido mientras sus manos recorrían mis costados, de repente sentí una calidez enorme correr por todas mis extremidades y los besos no eran suficientes. Con el mayor control posible, tome su cadera entre mis manos y con fuerza volteé su cuerpo hacia un lado, logrando que un chillido saliera de sus labios al escuchar el golpe de su espalda contra la pared. Mi boca se adentro hacia la suya, friccionando mi cuerpo contra el suyo, moviéndose con sintonía mientras mis manos apretaban sus costados, enterrando ligeramente mis uñas sobre su piel. Mis manos recorrían hasta sus brazos y bajaban de nuevo, nuestros labios moviéndose con desesperación, sentía su respiración incrementar al igual que la mía, mientras mi corazón latía con deseo y nerviosismo. La separación entre nuestros cuerpos era inexistente, sentía su piel sobre la mía a través del material de nuestras blusas, la fresca brisa que nos había rodeado se había desvanecido, lo único que nos envolvía por ahora era el calor que desprendíamos. Lentamente mi mano bajo hacia su muslo, recorriéndolo con firmeza, tomando la mezclilla de sus jeans entre mis dedos, poco a poco perdiendo la cabeza y dejándome llevar. Mis labios bajaron hacia su cuello mordiendo gentilmente su piel, sintiendo como respuesta el arqueamiento de su cuerpo. Los rugidos dentro de su garganta me excitaban aún más y con determinación sujete la parte detrás de su muslo y levanté su pierna, apoyándola sobre mi cadera, para después empujar mi cuerpo contra el suyo. Escuchaba los gemidos dejar sus labios de forma constante mientras sus manos jalaban de mi cabello, manteniendo mi cabeza sobre su cuello. \"Valen…\" escuché un desvanecido murmuro llamarme, pero mi mente no podía concentrarse en otra cosa que no fuera el olor de su cuerpo, mis labios se adherían aún más a su cuello mientras sentía su pierna tensarse sobre mi cintura. \"Hm, Valentina…\" la escuché decir a través de un gemido, su manos jalando gentilmente mi cabeza hacia atrás. \"Hm\" Deje escapar un murmuro para hacerle saber que le escuchaba mientras dejaba ligeros besos sobre su cuello. \"Tenemos que parar\" la escuché decir sin aliento e instantáneamente mi cabeza se disparo para mirarla \"¿Por qué?\" Le pregunté indiferentemente mientras mis labios se inclinaban para conectarse con los suyos. \"Hmm\" Escuché un gemido rugir dentro su garganta mientras sentía su boca responder a la mía. Sus manos recorrieron mis hombros y gentilmente pero con firmeza sentí que me empujaba hacia atrás, tratando de separarse de mí. Nuestros labios se separaron y mis ojos vieron su rostro por un momento, sus mejillas se encontraban enrojecidas y sus labios formaban una línea seria \"¿Qué pasa?\" mi ansiedad le preguntó al pensar que se estaba arrepintiendo. La mueca sombría que se encontraba sobre su rostro rápidamente comenzó a extenderse formando una agradable sonrisa. \"Estamos yendo muy rápido\" me respondió y un suspiro de alivio escapó de mis labios al escuchar su respuesta. \"Tienes razón\" concedí con ella dejando que mi nerviosismo escapara con una pequeña risa. Pía me mostró esa sonrisa que con el pasar de los días me iba enamorando cada vez más, enseñando los hoyuelos en sus mejillas que me hacían sentir como la mujer más afortunada del universo. \"¿Podemos dormir solamente?\" Mi corazón en ese momento se detuvo al escuchar la inocencia y dulzura en su voz. De pronto sentí la gran necesidad de tenerla entre mis brazos y no dejarla ir nunca. Mi mano subió hacia su mejilla y sonreí al ver que su mano subió a sujetar la mía \"Ven\" le dije sonriendo, mi mano se entrelazó con la suya y gentilmente la jalé hacia mí. Sin que mi mirada dejará la suya la guié hacia la cama y cuando sentí mis piernas chocar contra el borde de esta, me senté sobre ella, indicándole que hiciera lo mismo. La vi sentarse a mi lado y mis ojos la miraron por unos segundos, asombrada por el resplandor que cubría su rostro como seda, puse mis manos sobre sus mejillas y lentamente me acerqué hacia ella, esperando el contacto contra sus labios, nuevamente sentí el mundo detenerse, mi corazón latiendo como si fuera el primer beso entre nosotras. Nuestros labios se desconectaron y lentamente mis ojos se abrieron, mirando hacia los suyos, sus pupilas dilatadas haciéndome entender que ella sentía lo mismo. Sujete su mano con la mía y lentamente la empuje hacia la cama, las dos caímos sobre esta lado a lado, nuestras miradas aún puestas sobre la otra, sonreí al ver que un mechón de cabello caía a cubrir uno de sus ojos y delicadamente mis dedos lo peinaron, removiéndolo hacia un lado. \"Déjame abrazarte\" le ordené en voz baja, en respuesta vi su sonrisa crecer y mis ojos la miraron expectativamente mientras ella se acercaba hacia mí, me dio un pequeño y ligero beso antes de reposar su cabeza sobre mi cuello. Mis brazos rodearon su cintura automáticamente y escuché su respiración poco a poco estabilizarse, sentía mi cuerpo debilitarse al tenerla entre mis brazos y con el aroma de su cabello inundando mis sentidos, una sonrisa satisfecha se formó sobre mis labios, dejando que el sueño me encubriera… \" Cause baby you're a firework, come and show them what you're worth…\" Instintivamente mis ojos se abrieron al escuchar la música resonar dentro de mi cuarto, pero en ese mismo momento la melodía cesó, lo primero que alcancé a notar fue que a mi lado yacía un mar de cabellos negros sobre mi almohada e instantáneamente se formo una sonrisa sobre mis labios, recordando lo que había pasado anteriormente; en alguna parte de la noche Pía se había volteado, pero mi brazo aún se encontraba rodeando su cintura, solo que ahora me encontraba abrazándola por detrás, con su cuerpo acurrucado contra él mío. La sentí estirarse debajo de mis brazos haciéndome entender que la música también la había despertado. Tan pronto como la sentí despertarse, en un segundo la vi sentarse apresuradamente sobre la cama, su mano estirándose sobre la mesa que se encontraba a lado de esta. La miré con atención mientras aún permanecía recostada sobre el colchón, mis ojos recorriendo toda su espalda. \"Tengo que irme\" me dijo en un suspiro mientras lanzaba su celular sobre la cama. Una repentina preocupación comenzó a cubrirme y rápidamente me senté mientras la veía inclinarse hacia el suelo por sus zapatos, ¿se había arrepentido? \"¿Por qué?\" Le pregunté, mi voz tartamudeando nerviosamente. Pía giró su cuerpo hacia mí y una pequeña sonrisa se formó sobre sus labios, haciendo que mi cuerpo se relajara \"Se me hace tarde para ir al trabajo\" me respondió dejando escapar una risilla. Sentí mi cara enrojecerse con vergüenza al creer por segunda vez que Pía se había arrepentido, aún así nada evito el gran alivio que recorrió mi cuerpo. \"Tengo que irme ya\" me dijo mientras se inclinaba hacia mí; mis ojos se cerraron rápidamente al sentir su aliento hormigueando mi rostro y la sentí dejar un pequeño pero prolongado beso sobre mis labios. \"Nos vemos luego ¿sí?\" Me pregunto cuando sus labios dejaron los míos. Le asentí y nuevamente me incliné hacia ella, dejando que mi boca se encontrará con la suya, podía acostumbrarme a besarla todas las mañanas. \"Extráñame\" le dije mientras apoyaba mi frente contra la suya, Pía rió y frotó su nariz contra la mía \"Siempre\" me respondió con una sonrisa. Quería decirle lo mucho que la quería en ese momento, pero sabía que tenía que reservarlo hasta saber que ella era solamente mía. Nos dimos un último beso y la miré levantarse de la cama \"Espero tengas un buen día\" le dije dulcemente con una sonrisa. Mi corazón se aceleró al ver en sus labios dibujarse la sonrisa que me enamoraba \"Nos vemos pronto\" le asentí y la vi salir de mi cuarto. Miré alrededor por unos segundos y suspirando caí sobre la cama, abracé la almohada a mi lado y cerré mis ojos inhalando la esencia de Pía que aún permanecía sobre la tela. Al abrir mis ojos mi sonrisa desapareció cuando logré ver un pequeño artefacto recostado cerca del borde de la cama. Arrugando mi frente con confusión estiré mi brazo hacia él aparato blanco, trayéndolo hacia mí. A primera vista me di cuenta que era el blackberry de Pía. Instintivamente volteé hacia la puerta, como esperando que ella regresará por él, Pero pasaron más de un par de minutos y al darme cuenta que tal vez ella no recordaba que lo había olvidado, me levanté rápidamente de la cama, decidida a tratar de alcanzarla. Con el celular en mano corrí hacia mi closet para buscar un atuendo que no fueran mis pijamas. Abrí el primer cajón y de ahí saqué unos jeans ajustados de color azul oscuro, apenas me encontraba a punto de abrir el segundo cajón, cuando la vibración en la palma de mi mano me hizo saltar hacia atrás, mientras la canción de \"Firework\" sonaba de nuevo. Miré el celular y lo que observé en la pantalla hizo que mis rodillas comenzaran a temblar. \"1 nuevo mensaje, ELI, 10:15 am\". Aunque sabía que estaba mal, la curiosidad me ganaba y no pude evitar presionar el pequeño botón que me dejaría ver el mensaje. \"Ya llegué a la cafetería, te espero aquí xx \" Tragué el nudo que se había formado dentro de mi garganta, mis jeans cayeron de mi mano y me recargué sobre la pared, sintiendo repentinamente un mareo golpearme, después de los eventos de ayer, me era imposible creer que Pía iría a encontrarse con esta mujer, justo después de pasar la noche conmigo. Sentía mi piel helarse y por más celosa y posesiva que me escuchaba, decidí que tenía que ver esto con mis propios ojos y tenía que darme cuenta si Pía realmente me quería o no. Mareadamente me incliné para recoger los jeans que se encontraban en el piso, dándome la media vuelta abrí el siguiente cajón de mi closet y saqué de él lo primero que agarré, una playera vieja de the Beatles. Con mi mente aún nublada de confusiones salí de mi departamento, y en el momento en que los rayos del sol tocaron mi piel me di cuenta que no tenía ni idea sobre el lugar donde se encontrarían. Caminé un poco sobre la calle tratando de pensar, y lo único que pude recordar fue que existía un pequeño local donde vendían café a unas cuadras del restaurante en el que trabajaba Pía, decidí dirigirme hacia allá, pues sinceramente, no sabía a dónde más ir, y si era ahí o no el lugar, era parte del destino. Mi cabeza no pensaba claramente en esos momentos y de repente sentí una gran urgencia de echarme a correr, y sin pensar en la distancia que existía entre mi departamento y la cafetería, simplemente me puse a correr. Traté de esquivar a todas las personas que venían caminando por el lado contrario, y aunque algunas me veían como si estuviera loca, el ejercicio me hacía escapar de mis pensamientos. Corrí por 1, 3, 5, 7 cuadras, crucé 3 avenidas y cada vez que comenzaba a sentirme cansada mis piernas se movían aún más rápido, como si obtuvieran algún tipo de placer al sentir el dolor en las plantas de mis pies. A lo lejos alcanzaba a ver un pequeño letrero con una taza de café dibujada en él, tomé un profundo respiro y traté de aumentar aún más la velocidad, pero mis piernas no respondían más y en un segundo choqué contra la pared de la cafetería mientras sentía los dedos de mis pies acalambrarse. Estiré mis piernas tratando de aliviar el dolor pero solamente lo aumentaba, aunque después de algunos minutos de sufrimiento, finalmente sentí mis músculos comenzar a relajarse. Apoye mi cabeza sobre la pared, tratando de recobrar mi aliento y estabilizar el ritmo de mi corazón, mi mirada volteó hacia arriba y noté el letrero de la cafetería colgando sobre mi cabeza, rápidamente me alejé de la pared, como si está hubiera estado quemando mi cuerpo. Enfrente de mí se encontraba la puerta de la entrada, pero a unos cuantos pasos a lado de esta, se encontraba una enorme ventana. Armándome de valor decidí asomarme por está, el lugar no parecía estar tan lleno, lo que hacía mi búsqueda aún más simple y lo único que pude pensar era que…mis instintos estaban en lo correcto… En un rincón alejado del lugar se encontraba ella, aquella que había sido la única persona que había logrado enamorarme, sentada con otra mujer a su lado, y lo peor, que se veían mucho más que solo amigables. Sobre la mesa mantenían sus manos entrelazadas, y por más que quería apartar mis ojos no lograba hacerlo. Las dos reían cerca de la otra, sus cabezas acercándose hacia la otra coquetamente. El piso parecía temblar bajo mis pies y tuve que cerrar mis ojos por un segundo para estabilizarme, en el momento que los abrí sentí mi corazón quebrarse en miles de pedazos. Las dos se encontraban inclinadas hacia la otra, compartiendo un tierno beso. Todo lo que había pasado entre nosotras parecía no haber sucedido, y me sorprendía que alguien como Pía sería tan capaz de lastimarme tanto, no pudiendo creer aún lo que pasaba me alejé de la ventana y comencé a caminar hacia atrás, sin darme cuenta a donde me dirigía. El claxon de un carro fue lo que me trajo de vuelta al mundo, haciéndome saltar con urgencia hacia el frente, dándome cuenta que había estado a punto de ser golpeada por aquél automóvil. Tratando de mantener mi cabeza en orden, mire hacia unas cuantas cuadras a lo lejos para encontrarme con el restaurante, y sin realmente pensarlo marché hasta esté, decidida a esperar a que Pía regresará, porque sinceramente mi corazón ya no podía más, y mi mente estaba adormecida, no quería saber nada más por igual. La puerta se abrió con fuerza, la rabia en mí era impresionante y era increíble que pudiera sentir tanta hacia alguien como Pía. El lugar estaba repleto como era costumbre, y para tener un poco más de privacidad me dirigí hacia la barra donde la mesera tomó mi orden. Pedí un café para tratar de despertarme un poco, pero el líquido tibio lo único que logró fue causarme nauseas y gastritis, síntomas que habían comenzado a surgir en el momento que miré por esas ventanas de cristal. Miraba el reloj colgando en la pared frente mí y solamente miraba las manecillas moverse, esperando a que Pía por fin saliera de la cocina, solo que mi paciencia iba poco a poco acabándose. Miré lo que restaba del contenido de mi café y el olor comenzaba a darme nauseas, por mi salud retiré la taza de mi alcancé y justo en ese momento ella salió de la cocina, ajustándose su gorra blanca del trabajo. \"Valen!\" Pía exclamó mostrándose sorprendida al verme. Le forcé una sonrisa, la cual se notaba que estaba indispuesta. Pía pareció no darse cuenta o tal vez decidió ignorarla, simplemente caminó hacia mí con una sonrisa que parecía un tanto nerviosa. \"¿De casualidad no has visto mi celular?\" Mi mano se sumergió dentro de la bolsa de mis jeans sacando el aparato \"No sé donde lo…\" La interrumpí mientras deslizaba su blackberry sobre la barra de una manera algo agresiva, que no paso desapercibido por Pía \"Gracias\" murmuró, frunciendo el entrecejo en confusión. Le asentí y la miré apresuradamente presionar los botones de su celular, claramente observando los mensajes y llamadas perdidas, probablemente vio que el mensaje de Eli había sido leído porque rápidamente sus ojos me miraron, sus pupilas moviéndose de lado a lado con urgencia \"¿Viste el mensaje?\" me preguntó en un suspiro y sin fuerzas para contestar simplemente le asentí. Pía suspiró y aclaró su garganta mientras reposaba su celular sobre la barra \"Lo siento…\" la escuché murmurar, logrando que un suspiro saliera de mis labios \"¿Anoche no significo nada para ti?\" le pregunté con irritabilidad. \"Anoche fue increíble Valentina\" la escuché exclamarme en voz alta y sentí su mano gentilmente sujetar la mía, \"Y no puedo decirte que no siento nada por ti…\" Mi mirada se levanto hacia ella y la miré atenta \"Porque sería mentira…\" Tomó un respiro y después continúo \"Aún estoy enamorada de ti\". Sentí mi corazón detenerse en ese momento con la confesión, pero aún me sentía destrozada por dentro. \"¿Entonces por qué?\" le pregunté desesperada. Pía me ofreció una pequeña sonrisa y me respondió \"No estoy lista para una relación, ni con Eli, ni contigo, ni con nadie más, solo quiero un poco de tiempo para mí\" Yo resoplé y sacudí mi cabeza \"Hubiera sido lindo decirlo antes\" le contesté con tanto veneno en mi voz que ni yo creía que era capaz de hablar de esa forma. \"Valen…\" Pía me dijo con tono de disculpa \"No Pía!\" le exclamé en voz alta mientras me levantaba de la silla \"No sabes el mal que me acabas de hacer, no puedo ni verte ahorita\" le grité y sin ninguna duda marché hacia fuera del restaurante, sintiendo la decepción y la depresión hundirme. Por más mal que me sentía sabía que aún tenía pendiente una canción que grabar, parecía que mi cuerpo se movía automáticamente, sin que yo tuviera su control, estaba perdida entre nubes negras después de haber sido golpeada por un gran diluvio, observé mi mano levantarse al aire, y en segundos un taxi se estaciono enfrente de mí, rápidamente abrí la puerta y me lancé dentro, recargando mi cabeza sobre la ventana durante todo el trayecto. Me sentía defraudada, usada, como si solamente hubieran jugado conmigo, y algo en el rincón de mi mente me decía que Pía alguna vez se había sentido así. Sabía que esto no era de venganza pero realmente se sentía como si lo fuera. \"¿Señorita se encuentra bien?\" Escuché una voz preguntarme e instintivamente abrí mis ojos, que ni me había percatado que se habían cerrado, vi sus ojos preocupados mirarme por el espejo retrovisor y yo solamente asentí, mandándole una pequeña sonrisa. \"Ya llegamos\" El taxista agregó indicando hacia las oficinas a un lado del carro. \"Ah sí, claro\" le dije mientras rápidamente sacaba dinero de la bolsa de mi pantalón. \"Gracias\" le dije antes de salir del carro y caminar hacia las oficinas. No había tiempo para pensar ni para sentir, rápidamente caminé hacia el interior de las oficinas de la disquera; algunas recepcionistas, intendentes o internos me mandaban una sonrisa y me saludaban, solo que ahora, yo no estaba de humor para responderles. Me vieron amargamente cruzar el lobby para llegar al elevador, al sentirse decepcionados con mi actitud volvieron a su trabajo mientras yo esperaba que el elevador bajara. Subí hasta el 5to piso y en el momento que las puertas se abrieron me encontré con esos ojos verdes brillantes del otro lado. \"Llegaste!\" Sofía exclamó alegremente mientras se lanzaba hacia mí, abrazándome fuertemente, me era imposible no reír al ver su entusiasmo mientras yo regresaba su abrazo. \"Andamos muy cariñosas el día de hoy\" le dije al oído y una risilla salió de sus labios mientras rompía el abrazo. La primera sonrisa se formo en mi rostro después de varios minutos al verla tiernamente sonrojarse. \"Te he extrañado\" Sofía dijo encogiéndose de hombros \"Parece que ya no nos juntamos tanto como antes\". Sentí un golpe de culpa apachurrar mi corazón, era verdad. Desde antes de que llegará Pía, Sofía era mi cómplice para cualquier cosa, no pasábamos un día sin la compañía de la otra y me sentía mal al saber que de cierta forma no me había preocupado por estar con ella. \"Ya sé!\" Le dije mientras se formaba una idea en mi cabeza tratando de rectificar \"Que dices si saliendo de aquí vemos una película?\" Le pregunté, y su enorme sonrisa respondió por ella. \"Pero yo escojo el DVD!\" Resople y sacudí mi cabeza \"Solo nada sangriento ni asqueroso como la última que vimos\". Sofía rió y sujetó mi mano con la suya mientras me guiaba por el angosto pasillo \"Hostal? Es una de mis favoritas!\" Hice una cara de desagrado y empuje ligeramente su hombro \"Que malos gustos tienes!\" Las dos reímos y entramos al cuarto de producción, con nuestras manos aún entrelazadas entre nuestros cuerpos. \"Valentina!\" Un joven moreno con cabello chino me saludó \"Te estamos esperando desde antier!\" Yo asentí y le sonreí pidiendo disculpas \"Lo siento Diego, algo se presentó\". Diego asintió y me sonrió de nuevo \"Bueno ya estás aquí! Entra para que podamos terminar con esto\". Sofía me dedico una sonrisa alentadora que yo felizmente regresé mientras abría la puerta para entrar al cuarto de grabación. Desde aquí la vi sentarse en frente de los controles, y mientras me dirigía hacia el piano vi que Diego le murmuró algo al oído para después salir del lugar. Su sonrisa orgullosa me daba a entender que habían confiado en ella para grabar la canción. Estiré mis dedos esperando su señal y cuando la vi levantar sus pulgares mis manos comenzaron a tocar los acordes, mientras en mi mente una película se desarrollaba… \"Hace frío\" Pía rió mientras se cubría el rostro con la sábana. \"Se siente raro estar fuera de la casa de Maca\" suspiré mientras caía a su lado sobre la cama. \"Muuuy\" Pía exclamó mientras se quitaba la sabana de la cara \"¿Segura que a tu mamá no le importa que me quedé?\" me preguntó. Es fácil decir te voy a extrañar \"No necesita importarle si no lo sabe\" Le informé con una media sonrisa . Se siente morir no puedo engañar . \"Valentina!\" Pía exclamó mientras se sentaba sobre la cama. \"¿Y si se da cuenta?\" A un corazón que supo amar. \" Se dará cuenta si sigues levantando la voz\" Con otra razón aparte de dar. Le dije en un suspiro mientras me lanzaba sobre ella, mi cuerpo cayendo arriba del suyo sobre la cama . No siento tu voz, no escucho tu hablar. \"¿Por qué no le dijiste?\" me preguntó mientras jugaba con los cabellos que caían sobre mi rostro. Presiento que dos, es un número impar. Le hice una mueca de desagrado y sacudí mi cabeza \"Así tenemos un poco de privacidad\" No puedo seguir, sin tu respirar. Le murmuré, apenas percatándome de la cercanía de su rostro con el mío. Entiende que yo, solo quiero llegar \"¿Privacidad para qué?\" Me preguntó en una voz casi inaudible. No puedo volar si no están tus pasos. \"No lo sé…\" Le respondí con el mismo tono de voz mientras nuestras cabezas se inclinaban lentamente hacia la otra. Que llenen el tiempo de ti. \"Me gusta\" murmuró, su aliento hormigueando mis labios mientras sujetaba mi mejilla. \"¿Te gusta que?\" le pregunté, mis ojos entrecerrándose. No quiero volar sin que extiendas tus brazos. \"La privacidad\" Me respondió y mis ojos se cerraron completamente al sentir sus labios rozar contra los míos. Y sientas la brisa en tu rostro \"Hmm\" murmuré sobre sus labios al sentir estos comenzar a abrirse. Y te mojes de mí. \"Valentina!\" Se escuchó alguien gritar detrás de la puerta, haciéndome rodar hacia el piso del cuarto. Vi la cabeza de Pía asomarse y mis ojos de rabia se suavizaron al verla tratando de controlar su risa… \"PÍA!\" Grité en voz alta mientras corría hacia su departamento, saltando los escalones de dos en dos con exasperación. Es fácil decir mañana vendré. \"Pía!\" Grité de nuevo mientras tocaba fuertemente la puerta de su departamento. No puedo fingir que voy a estar bien. \"No creerás lo que hizo Nina!\" reí felizmente mientras continuaba golpeando la puerta. No puedo seguir sin tu respirar \"Pía!\" Exclamé mientras mi mano giraba la perilla. \"Píaaa!\" Entiende que yo solo quiero llegar. \"¿Estás fingiendo que no estás?\" No puedo volar si no están tus pasos. Saqué de la bolsa de mi chaqueta una pequeña bolsa de color rojo \"Te traje tus macarrones dulces\" dije en voz alta. Que llenen el tiempo de ti. \"Ya puedes aparecerte!\" Grité mientras caminaba por el angosto pasillo que dirigía hacia su cuarto. No quiero volar sin que extiendas tus brazos . \"Pía?\" le llamé de nuevo mientras me detenía frente a la puerta de su cuarto, sintiéndome de pronto muy nerviosa. Y sientas la brisa en tu rostro. Mi mano bajo hacia la perilla y con un suave movimiento abrí la puerta \"Pía?\" Y te mojes de mí, y te mojes de mí. De mi mano cayó la bolsa hacia el piso y me quedé boquiabierta al ver los cajones vacios tirados sobre la cama. Me incliné debajo de esta al ver una tela verde asomarse, mi mano la sujeto logrando sacar una empolvada tortuga de peluche. \"¿Qué hiciste Pía?\" pregunté en voz baja mientras acariciaba la cabeza del muñeco. Y no puedo volar si no están tus pasos \"Pía! ¿Cómo estás?\" Exclamé mientras la envolvía en un abrazo. Que llenen el tiempo de ti. \"En shock\" la escuché responderme. \"No puedo creer que te este viendo de nuevo…\" Y no quiero volar sin que extiendas tus brazos. Entiende se siente morir. \"Esto no es lo que quieres!\" Le grité desesperada, tratando de hacerla entrar en razón. Se siente morir. \"Ya no es tan fácil Valentina\" me dijo en un suspiro y yo pasé mi mano por mis mejillas secando mis lágrimas. Y no puedo volar si no están tus brazos. \"Es más fácil que nada Pía\" le respondí con un sollozo quebrando mi cuerpo. Y sientas la brisa en tu rostro \"Lo siento Valen…\" La escuché decirme mientras de repente todo el ambiente se helaba. Y te mojes de mí… Toqué los últimos acordes de la canción y mis ojos se levantaron, en ese momento Sofía se levantó de su silla y me miró preocupada; tardé un segundo en darme cuenta que mis mejillas estaban empapadas con lágrimas. Aunque la canción había terminado la película aún se reproducía en mi mente. Me levante de mi silla y caminé hacia la puerta, los ojos verdes siguiendo todos mis movimientos. \"Dime de nuevo que estas enamorada de mí\" Escuché la voz de la morena sonar en mi cabeza mientras caminaba hacia Sofía en línea recta. \"Estoy perdidamente enamorada de ti Pía Montoya…\" Me escuché a mi misma decir dentro de mi mente, y en mi imaginación sentí sus labios capturar suavemente los míos; pero en la vida real, mis labios desesperadamente se movían contra los de mi acompañante ojiverde... ","Summary":" Un año ha pasado desde que las niñas salieron de la casa de Maca, algunas mantuvieron el contacto, "},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"A Secret Admirer","Author":"Kyra Wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3001519","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ALL CHARACTER EXCEPT AORTA ARE © TO DISNEY Chapter 1 RIIIINGG! The school bell of Oaky Oaks ran throughout the school's campus. Animal children flocked to the most boring class of the day, Mutton. Abby, Runt and Fish stood outside the classroom door, patiently waiting for their friend, Chicken Little. Abby's foot tapped the ground in a looping beat, sighing here and there. Runt turned around and read the posters outside Mr. Woolensworth's door, and Fish just leaned against the wall, looking wicked awsome as always. After waiting about five minutes or so, Fish and Runt headed in so Mr. W wouldn't flip at them. Abby waited a few minutes longer then shook her head. \"Chicken Little...\" She turned, glancing back, then walked into Mutton. Mr. Woolensworth was glaring at Abby as she crossed the room and sat next to Foxy as normal. Foxy turned her hed and smiled deviously at Abby. However, the duckling just ignored it. Runt and Fish sat near the back, throwing little Flamewheel Cars at each other here and then, only to stop when Mr. W cleared his throat and turned around. \"Alright class.\" Said the old sheep, \"Time to take role-call.. Foxy Loxy..?\" The young fox kit raised her hand and smiled as sweetly as possible. \"Present, pretty and punctual!\" Abby sighed. She said that every morning. It was very irritating.. \"Goosey Loosey, Fuzzy Wuzzy, Runt of the Litter.. Indeed... Morkupine Porkupine.. Fish out of Water..\" Fish smiled and clapped his fins together, then did a very good impression of Jean Simons from KISS. The class cracked up, while Mr. Woolensworth just sighed and rolled his eyes. \"Ugl- I mean, Abby Mallard..?\" Foxy coughed and muttered \"Uglyduckling\" Abby growled and threw a piece of pencil eraser at her. \"Chicken Little...?\" Mr. W called. Everyone fell silent. \"Chicken Little..?\" Mr. Woolensworth called again. Fish, Abby, and Runt looked at his empty seat once again. It was at that exact moment he ran in the door. \"Sorry Mr. Woolensworth...! My dad overslept and I had to walk to sch-\" However, Mr W pointed at Chicken Little's seat and glared at him. Chicken Little sighed and sat down. Abby gave him a smile as he walked past her. Sitting at his desk, he stared up to the front of the classroom and sighed. Runt leaned over as much as his tiny desk would let him without tipping over and patted Chicken Little on his shoulder. He smiled a bit, and jumped when a paper airplane landed smoothly on his desk. He opened it and in Fish's hand-writing read, \"At least you made it today.\" The latebell sounded and Mutton began. Half an hour later, everyone was in a daze. \"Fur.\" preeched Mr. Woolensworth. Everyone, with their eyes half opened, opened their mouths wide and muttered in a chorus (and an exeptional bored glubs of water) \"Baa.\" Runt fell asleep, snoring quietly, while Fish propped his helmet and head up with his fins, a glazed look in his eyes. Chicken Little had his head down on his desk, and Abby was staring up at the clock as the minutes snailed by. \"Baa.\" Replied everyone before they realized Mr. Woolensworth had said nothing. He was talking to the Principal Fetchit in a low voice. CL, Runt, Abby, and Fish concentraited on what they were saying, but before they could hear anything, Principal Fetchit nodded and went to the door. \"Class, we have a new student! Ms. Aorta Houdtooth!\" Mr. Woolensworth announced. The Principal opened the door, and in walked in an unusual looking wolf pup. She was pitch black with a black t-shirt on and orange baggy pants. On her shirt was a scary looking Jack'o Lantern and a Halloweenish feel hung around her. Shiney silver claws were visable on her hands and paws. Her hair was pulled back in a ponytail with an orange scrunchie and her bangs stuck up and out at odd angles. The hair in her ponytail was neatly brushed and, just like her bangs, stuck at wierd angles. The tips of her paws, hands and hair was a light orange. Everyone seemed to recoil at her awkward appearance. She smiled, her bright purple eyes beaming along with her pearly whites. Mr. Woolensworth made a wierd face her behind her back, which was a look of discust. \"You may sit over there..\" he said in a low voice. She walked down the isle, drifting the smell of pumpkins very slightly behind her. She took her seat next to Fish, who gave her a questioning look. Something about her made him feel warm inside. To say a somewhat of a hello, he blew some bubbles at her. Aorta's head turned and looked at him. She lifted her eyebrow and smiled. Fish waved and turned back to Mr. W. For some reason, Mutton Class was going to fly by for him.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 \"Fish,nare you ok?\" Runt asked at lunch, putting down his bag of chips.nAbby and Chicken Little stared at Fish who seemed to be far off innspace, or farther off than usual. At the sound of his name, Fishnsnapped out of his daydream, and blubbed. Runt eyed him unsure ofnwhat to do while Abby and Chicken Little started munching on somencookies they snuck out of Runt's titanic lunch bag. Nodding, Fish putnhis head on top of his fins and just stared forward. Sittingnalone at a table, Aorta munched on some raw steak she broughtnglancing at everyone with their friends. Her tail and ears drooped anbit and her eyes no longer had that special sparkle in them Fishnnoticed when she first stepped into class. Abby noticed Fish's overlynlarge eyes staring straight past them, and followed where he wasnlooking. \"Her..?\" Abby asked, turning back. Fish mindlesslynnodded slowly, the water inside his helmet sloshing around. Runtnsnorted into his 6th pudding container and Chicken Little missed hisnmouth, accidently dropping some of his feed on the table. Abby gavenChicken Little a quick, hard elbow in the ribs as if to say, \"Shutnup!\" She quickly glanced at Fish, hoping he didn't noticenanything. However, he gave her, CL, and Runt a questioning look, butnmovement from the far table caught his attention. Afternlicking her claws clean of the steaks juices, Aorta lept up from thentable and crumbled up her brown paper bag and threw it across thenroom where it landed right in the middle of the trashcan. Withoutnrealizing it, Fish clapped, blubbing in amazment, then quicklynstopped, his golden-orange face now red. She turned and gave him anwarm smile and walked out of the cafeteria. Fishnfollowed her out with his eyes then turned around, putting his headndown on the table with a huge THUNK. Runt, Chicken Little and Abbyncouldn't help but giggle. 'Who cares.' Thought Fish. 'They can laughnall they want.. but she's mine..' -------------------------------------------------------------- Shovingnhis math and science books into his locker and slamming it shut, Fishnbegan walking to gym class. He heard rumors from Abby and Runt it wasndodgeball. 'No problem!' He thought. Halfway down the hall, a blacknand orange wolf was hitting her head off the locker, cursing quietlynunder her breath. His heart lept. It was Aorta! Henstayed behind her, quiet as he can possibly be. As she entered herncombination again, Fish caught the locker number. Locker 13. This wasna locker that can only be opened one way. Gathering up his courage,nhe walked over and placed a fin on her furry shoulder. She lept anbit, but turned. \"Oh, Hello! Fish, isn't it..?\" She askednuncertainly. Fish nodded, attempting not to blush at she rememberednhis name, though it wasn't very hard. \"Buurrrbblll\" He saidnpointed at the locker and then her books. Unsurenof what he ment, she stepped back and watched. Fish balled up his finnlike a fist and aimed. He then swung with all his might, hitting thencenter of the locker. Immediently, it swung open, revealing a fresh,nclean locker ready to be contaminated with junk and pictures andnstuff. She picked her books up and chucked them in, slamming it shut.n\"Hey, thanks!\" She said, her mouth breaking into a slightnsmile. \"Say, you're kinda cool..!\" Aorta said. \"Mynnext class is gym... Can you show me where it is..?\" Fishnnearly cried out in joy, but constrained himself. He blubbed happily,nand beckoned her to follow him. She nodded as they set off down thenhall together towards the gym.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Roundingnthe corner, Fish pointed at large doors with a bunch of kids alreadyninside. \"So THATS the gym...\" Aorta said, attempting tonforce her brain to remember. Fish nodded and ran up to the doors. Henpushed one open and let her walk in. \"Thanks buddy..\" Shenremarked walking past him into the gym, stopping at the crowd. Fishnran in up to Chicken Little, Abby and Runt letting the door slamnbehind him. \"Fish,nwhat took so long...?\" CL asked. Fish blubbered somethingnquietly. \"You're locker got stuck..?\" CL questionednakwardly. Fish nodded, not wanting to admit he was around Aorta. Itnwas bad enough he was teased because he had to wear a helmet. Luckilynfor him, it was that exact moment the coach walked out, throwing anrubber ball up and down in his right paw. \"Ok teams! You knownwhat to do! Dodgeball!\" Immediently, the class split up into twonteams. Chicken Little and company quickly went with all the unpopularnkids, while Aorta wandered to the other side. She was stopped short,nhowever, by a swift jab in her stomach. Doubling over in pain, shenlooked up and saw Foxy Loxy. \"Oh,nsoooo sorry.. but you seem to be on the wrong team..\" Shensneered, Goosey Loosey looming behind her. Aorta growled and stoodnup, cracking her knuckles violently, then shook her head. \"Whatever,nyou snot..\" She growled at Foxy. She stomped to the other teamnand hid in the back while Foxy and Goosey giggled to themselves. \"Man,nI like Foxy when her brainwaver jiggers were messed up..\" moanednRunt. Chicken Little and Abby nodded while Fish turned around andnstared at Aorta. 'Its no fair she just arrive and is already beingnpicked on..' he thought. Looking around to make sure his friendsnweren't watching, he snuck away to go next to her. Shenlooked up when he arrived. \"Oh, hello.. come to make fun of mentoo...?\" Fish gasped and quickly shook his head, making hisnhelmet crooked. After arranging it, he blubbed something about Foxynto Aorta which made her crack up into silent fits of hystericalnlaughter. However, their laughter was cut short when a ball whippednpast them. \"GET THE NOOB!\" Shouted Foxy. Everyonenon the opposing team turned away from everyone and aimed at the poornwolf. Fish didn't know what to do or how she would handle this. Ansudden whoosh of air and grunts from students told them they fired.nFish began dodging with some catchy Michael Jackson-likenmoves, but stopped to look at Aorta. He expected her to be outnalready but to to his enormous surprise, she was deflecting the ballsnright back at the players with her fists and feet. Her hits seemed nfast as lightning and her timing was pretty damn good. Feelingnrelieved, Fish jumped back in the game, grinning evily. After aboutn20 minutes of straight dodging and tagging, only four peoplenremained. Fish and Aorta against Foxy and Goosey. Drenched in sweat,nAorta clutched two balls, while Fish only had one. Most of the ballsnwere on Foxy and Gooseys' side. The rest of the class watched,nholding their breaths. THWANG!nFoxy was the first to fire. Aorta threw a ball at Foxy's missle andnthe two rubber balls collided in the air, making them bouncenbackwards. Aorta caught her ball while Foxy was taken by utternsurprise. The ball bounced off Foxy's head, making her stumble andntrip over her bushy tail. She fell down onto her posterior hard asneveryone on the unpopular team burst into gales of laughter. Thisnangered Foxy. Thenmad kitsune got up and ran toward Aorta, her clawed paws in fists.nShe lept into the air ready to arieal attack the Halloween-ish wolf.nAorta growled. Enough was enough! It was just a dumb game! She took anfew running steps and lept up to meet Foxy. However, before eithernone could reach each other, the coach ran forward and grabbed them bynthe scruff of their necks. \"I NEVER... YOU TWO...\" He wasnfuming mad at the two of them. Aorta's tail drooped along with hernears while Foxy shot a look of pure poison at her ex-target. Fish wasnshocked. This was the first time Foxy was actually caught fornsomething! Coachnthen put the two down but kept a firm hold onto their collars.nMuttering under his breath, he escorted them to Principals office.nEveryone cheered when they left but Fish. 'Aorta simply attacked innself defense!' he thought angriliy. 'Ahh..' Said a nasty voice innthe back of his head. 'She still aimed for a fight!' He quickly shooknthat thought off. Runtnran over and happily exclaimed \"FISH! Wasn't that AWSOME! Foxy'snDEFINATLY going to get a few detensions! So is that other girl, butnwho cares. No one cares about her at al-\" BAM! Runtnstaggered backwards, bruised slightly but certainly shocked. Fishnhad just punched Runt in the gut as hard as he could muster. A newnemotion flooded over him, and it certainly wasn't his jovial side.nIts was hatred. 'HOW DARE YOU!' His mind screamed. 'I CARE ABOUT HERnYOU-' \"FISHnOUT OF WATER!\" A booming voice rang throughout the gym. Thencoach was back and due to the large ammount of steam billowing out ofnhis ears, he must have saw Fish's swing at one of his best friends.n\"YOU! OFFICE! NOW!\" Fishninhaled some water and suddenly was bewildered. 'Why did I justnattempt to hurt my friend..?' Was all he could keep asking himselfndown the hall to Principal Fetchit's office. Stopping outside hisndoor, the coach stopping right behind him, Fish had no other choice.nhe slowly opened the door and walked in. Backnat the gym, Chicken Little, Abby and Runt dominated a corner fornthemselves. \"Abby,nwhy do you think Fish hit me..?\" Runt wimpered, massaging hisnside. Abbynsighed and shut her eyes. \"Isn't it obvious..?\" \"Whatnis?\" CL and Runt asked. \"Fishnis in love.\" \"WHAT?\"nCL and Runt exclaimed, jaws nearly hitting the floor. Abbyncontinued. \"Why ELSE would he be zoned out in classes, ornswitched to pumpkin flavored fish food, or doodling pictures of himnand Aorta?\" There was no answer from the boys, until.. \"Abby...?\" \"WhatnRunt?\" \"Cannyou imagine the children..?\"[Chapter 4] Chaptern4 \"Never!nIn all my years of being Principal-\" An Angry Principal Fetchitnwas all he could muster. \"Foxy! Picking a fight with a studentnover a game! Aorta, falling to Foxy's bait and attempting to fightnback! and-\" He stopped short, staring at the last kid in hisnoffice. Fishnstared up at Fetchit with a look of extreme guilt in his eyes. ThenPrincipal paused then said, \"And I don't know what you did Fish,nbut you obviously did something. So, afterschool today, you will allnstay for detention.\" He then pointed with his furry thumb at hisndoor and motioned to them they could leave. Foxy lept up and leftnquickly, obviously still steamed. However, Fish and Aorta leftntogether to finish the rest of the school day. ------------------------ Detentionnwasn't as bad as they thought. They were sent to Ms. Spottedfur, anleopard teacher who always loved her kids dearly. When the trionwalked in, she motioned them to sit where ever. Aorta and Foxy tooknthe back corners as far away form each other as they could get. Fishngrabbed the desk next to Aorta and sat, doing some homework fornMutton and Language Arts. Aorta,nhaving finished her homework in study hall, pulled out a sharpener, anfresh new pencil, and some white glossy paper. She began drawing,nstarting with a sketch, then moving on to darkening to lines. Fishnpeered over from time to time. What looked like a squishy mess ofnpencil marks slowly evolved into a beautiful lake with lillypads andnall kinds of flora growing around it. Something in Fish's mindnclicked, like if he knew that place. Aorta,nnoticing him looking at her pencil drawing, sighed and said, \"I'venalways wanted to go to a wonderous place like this...\" Fishnturned back to his work and smiled like he knew something henshouldn't know. Foxy shot them nasty looks and stared down at hernwork, straining to remember things her teachers droned on about. Anbell sounded and Ms. Spottedfur looked up from her book she wasnreading. \"Ok kids, you can leave. I also certainly hope I don'tnsee you in here again.\" Her eyes followed them out. After theyngot out of the building, Foxy shot the two animals a look of hate,nstuck her tounge out and cantered off. Fish, making sure Foxy wasngone, grabbed Aorta's wrist and began to run, dragging her behindnhim. Asnany girl would be, suddenly abducted by a boy, questioned Fish with anshaky voice, \"Where are we going..!\" He simply turned andnblubbed, \"Its a surprise!\" and kept on running. Aorta,ngetting some feeling back in her numb legs, start to run along Fishninstead of being dragged. Afternabout 10 minutes of running, her and Fish were clearly outside thentown in the woods.\"Uhh.. Fish..?\" Aorta muttered, still anbit confused. Fish ignored her and kept going untill.. Theynemerged into a clearing in the woods where a large and deep pondnstood, still and inviting. Fish let go of Aorta and sat near thenwaters edge. He then tapped the ground beside him, motioning her tonsit. Still in shock at the beauty around her, she did as he asked andnsat next to him. Aortanskimmed a rock over the surface, and it skipped about 5 times. Fishnsearched for a flat rock. After finally finding one, he skipped it.nThe rock bounced to the other side of the pool and landed on thenshore of the other side. Aorta laughed, \"Hey! Thats no fair!\"nShe then shoved him playfully, and started to laugh. Fish pushed hernback, smiling happily. They did this for a few minutes tillnSPLOOOOOOSH! Fishnlept up and stared at the pound. Aorta had just slipped and fell innand disapeared from sight. After a few seconds, some bubbles appearednand the wolven popped out, hair drenched and flattened. Reaching up,nshe tugged the orange hairtie out and flicked it up onto the rocks tonher fur could float freely through the water. \"Come on in! It'snquite nice actually!\" Withncare, Fish baby-stepped to the pound and stared at the water. If henkept his helmet on, he would be a bit too heavy to swim, and if hentook it off... Well, he could. But if this was salt water, it wasnjust an act of suicide. Aorta looked at him then the water, and thennunderstood. \"Its freshwater!\" She said, inhaling a mouthfulnand squirting it at him. \"It tastes good too! Here, I can help!\"nWith that, she climbed up onto the shore and stood behind Fish.n\"Still sure you want to go in?\" Fishnnodded, and prepared to dive. Aorta gripped the side of the divingnbell and gripped onto it with her claws. \"By the way.. Thanksnfor standing up for me..\" She then lifted the helmet up. Fishninhaled some water, and dived into the pound while the water from thenhelmet cascaded down in buckets. After calming down, Fish looked upnand waited for Aorta to come in. To calm his nerves, he swam aroundnfor a few minutes. 'I missed being able to do this..' he thought. Anfaint splashing noise caught his attention, and he turned his head. Aortanhad jumped into the water, hair floating freely behind her. She swamnover to Fish, and pushed in gently, sending him to float off a fewninches. He caught himself and pushed her back. After quick runs tonthe surface for the wolf, the two played together in the pound fornquite a while. After about an hour, they began to slow down and justnstarted to lazily swim around. Afterndrifting around like he was laying on a couch on his dorsal side,nFish glanced up. Aorta was slowly swimming toward him. Her eyesnglittered with happiness and something else, but Fish wasn't surenwhat it was. The little smile on her face hinted she was going to donsomething, but what is was, it was unclear to Fish till.. Shengrabbed him by his shoulders and gave him a gentle hug, temporarilynshocking the poor goldfish. After the hug, she broke and smiled,nstill keeping her hands on his shoulder. She moved in closer so Fishncould clearly see every eyelash and her eyes half shut. She seemed tonget too close then...[Chapter 5] (nAs no one seems to know what Fish's house looks like or his familynfor that matter, I got creative. xD; ) Chapter 5 Walking back to his home, Fish inhalednsome fresh lake water lost in his own world. Tonight was the mostnwonderful night he ever had, and it would probably be the best nightnhe ever would have. Undoing the latch on the gate in front of hisnhouse, humming a little tune, he was still thinking about what hadnjust happened.. Silently shutting the gate, Fishnwalked over to a ladder which led into a giant tank filled withnwater, with a house that looked like a sand castle resting on thenbottom of it. He lept into the water, ignoring the ladder that ledndown to the tanks floor as normal. He slowly decended down onto thensandy bottom, and for the second time today, removed his helmet.nCarefully putting it outside the door, he crept into the house. Peeking into the kitchen, he saw hisnmother and father having a quiet conversation with their backs tonhim. Fish quickly swam past them, and went to his room. Breathingnnormaly now, he laid down on his bed and smiled to himself. 'They'llnnever know..' He thought to himself. Just as he was about to dozenoff, the phone rang. He ignored it and put the pillow over his head,nnearly blocking the sound out completely. However, that blasted phone keptnringing. Fish grabbed the small seashell shaped pillow from on thenmatress and chucked it at the phone at the phone. It hit the phonensquare on the answering machine button, and the phone stoppednringing. However, there was a beep and a rustling noise. Then Runt'snvoice came over the speaker. \"Uh.. hello..? Fish? Um... I justnwondering if you're feeling better since this morning when.. younknow..\" Fish lifted the pillow, and stared at the phone as if itnwere going to explode. Runt continued, \" I'm sorry if I saidnanything to you to tork you off.. I didn't really mean it..\"nThere was a muffled sniffling from Runt and wild wispering thatnsounded like it came from Chicken Little. Then there was a gasp, andna sound as if the phone was dropped. Then Abbey's voice came over thenmachine. \"If you want, come on over to my place. Runt wants tonshow us how well he learned Kung Fu Fighting. He said he would evenndance, and I'm sure we all need a laugh today.\" Then there wasnone last final click and a beep. Fish looked at his waterproof radionthat lazily floated above his nightstand. It read 'Five Thirty'. 'Itsnnot too late to go out..' Fish thought. Silently, he got to thenfloor, and crept over to the driftwood door. He had to stay quiet andnsneak out of the the house like he was over at Abbey's the wholentime, because it would be a field day to explain to his parents henwas serving detention. He opened his door and peeked out. Thencoast was clear, so he carefully walked out, shutting the door behindnhim. He snuck past the kitchen, not noticing his parents were nonlonger in there. His fin barely touched the front door's knob when.. \"Fishy!\" Fish froze,nand slowly turned his gaze apon the horror that was his littlensister. She was laying on the floor, coloring pictures of who knowsnwhat, wearing her new pink outfit. She looked really cute, if itnwasn't for the fact she began screaming, \"FISHY GO OUT! FISHY GOnOUT! FISHY GO OUT!\" It was no use, as her cries would obviouslynbring his parents in. Sure enough, within a few seconds, anlarge goldfish swam into the room and picked up the screaming child.n\"Whats wrong, Guppy?\" Sniffing, Guppy pointed at her bignbrother about to leave. Fish was frozen on the spot, seeing somenanger in his mother's eyes. Fast, but gently, Mom put the little girlnon the floor. Guppy giggled and grined at her sibling. \"You'rengunna get so bused!\" She teased, before squealing and runningnout of the room, laughing like a hyena. Paddling over to couch, Fish knew whatnwas coming. His sister got it all the time, and now it was hisnturn... unless.. \"Fish out of Water.\" Hisnmother started. She then began to rant.. \"I WAS SO WORRIED! YOU NEVER CAMEnHOME FROM SCHOOL! SO I TALKED TO YOUR DAD, AND HE'S NOW OUTSIDEnWATCHING FOR YOU, AND YOU HAVE THE NERVE TO SNEAK BACK IN AND ATTEMPTnTO SNEAK BACK OUT WITHOUT SAYING ANYTHING? REALLY! WHAT HAS GOTTENnINTO YOU!\" Fish opened his mouth to saynsomething... \"NO! I DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT!nYOU GO RIGHT BACK TO YOUR ROOM RIGHT NOW, MISTER! I DON'T WANT TOnHEAR A BLUB OUT OF YOU!\" She then stopped, and inhaled somenwater turning back to her normal golden-yellow color. Fish opened his mouth once more,n\"Mom... I stayed after school to help the teachers and then Inwent over to Chicken Little's for a bit to help him with his algebranand then I came back home and started looking for you. I didn't findnyou so I thought you might be outside, and so I went to look for younthen Guppy started screaming, and you came in and started yelling.nSo, I was wondering if I could go to Abbeys?\" Of corse, he saidnthis all real fast and in one breath of oxygen. It took a while for his mother tonfigure out what he just said. It was silent till, \"Oh. Is thatnwhat you were doing afterschool for so long?\" Fish nodded. \"Oh..nWell.. sure you can go out! I'm sorry I exploded on you, honey..\"nShe smiled, and turned to go out of the room when Guppy started toncry nearby. Fish quickly opened the door and bolted out, but notnbefore he heard his sister wail, \"HE WAS SUPPOSTA GET INnTWOUBLE!\" After making sure his divingnbell was securely fastened onto him properly, Fish climbed the laddernout of the tank and shivered. 'I wish it was as warm as it is outnhere as it is in there..' He thought. He grabbed a rope and slid downnthe long, flax string instead of climbing down the ladder. He hatednclimbing down ladders, as he though they took too long, but I'm surenyou'd have noticed that by now. He hit the ground, and took off tonAbbeys. Rounding the corner, he spotted his dad waving wildly at himnfrom inside the tank. Not wanting to go back, Fish just waved andnkept on running. A couple of blocks later, Fish slowedndown to a walk. It wasn't that he was tired, it was just because henstarted to daydream again. This time, the thoughts drifted from hisnfirst kiss he just recieved a few hours ago to the point where himnand Aorta got married. He had a mental image of his children, whichnwere part fish and part canine. 'They'd be Folfs..' he thoughtnabsent-mindly. It was then he realized, he had walked two blocks pastnAbbey's. He ran back to where CL, Runt, and Abbey were laughing onnthe porch stoop. \"Did you forget where I lived?\"nAbbey asked, giggling. Fish imitated Abbey in a watery voice with hisnface twisting into goofy positions with an eyebrow up and the otherndown. There was silence, till the gang cracked up. Fish sighed.nThings were going to go fine tonight. After watching Runt do Kung FunFighting, Crocodile Rock, and other oldies, Fish smiled happily. Itnwas good to have friends who forgave. At about nine o'clock, they hadnto leave. Fish walked home with Runt and CL, getting into shovingnwars along the way. Of course, Runt won that. They stopped at ChickennLittle's house. He said his goodbyes and ran in. So only Fish andnRunt was left. They slowly began walking down the street. \"So... no hard feelings aboutnthis morning..?\" Asked the paranoid piglet. Fish grinned andnshook his head. He then playfully punched Runt in the gut. Runtngiggled, and mutterred something about \"That tickled.\" After arriving home, Fish stretchednout on his bed and smiled. He couldn't wait for tomarrow... He wouldnsee Chicken Little again.. and Runt.. and Abbey... and Aorta.. Hernname seemed to echo through his mind, and quietly lulled him tonsleep.[Chapter 6] Right. First off, I wish to thankneveryone who enjoys reading this! D You make me get off my lazy bumnand write. Also, I will be going on vacation, meaning the nextnchapster may not be up in about 2 weeks or so. shot I'llntry my best though. You're going to be in for quite a surprise. And since I will get PWNED by flamersnfor not putting it up.. ALL CHARACTERS EXEPT AORTA, MS.nGOLDENFEATHER, GUPPY, AND MRS. SPOTTEDFUR ARE COPYRIGHTED TO DISNEY AORTA, MS.GOLDENFEATHER, GUPPY, ANDnMRS. SPOTTEDFUR ARE FIGMENTS OF MY TWISTED IMAGENATION, THUS THEYnBELONG TO ME. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Days turned into nights, and weeksnflew by. Before long, it seemed that all Oaky Oaks seemed to knownabout Aorta and Fish. For one thing, they couldn't walk through thenhalls together without people giggling and pointing fingers. However,nthe two kids ignored them all, espcially the comments on, \" Whatnwould the children look like?\" Around midday, Fish and Aorta satnalone in the corner or art class, doodling on some printer paper. Thenteacher rapped hard on her desk, and they all looked up at her. Fishnglanced across the room quickly and sighed. As much as he lovednhaving Aorta sitting closely next to him, he still wished his othernfriends had art with him. He was soon snapped out of his normalndaydreaming when the teacher began talking. Ms. Goldenfeather was a beautifulnwhite swan, but had a temper. She normally wore some kind of whitendress over her sleek white feathers, and always seemed to have anclump of clay in her hands. Her eyes were a brilliant pale blue andnshe always seemed to have not a pair of eyes, but about six. Shencould spot a child chewing gum on the the opposite side of the streetnfrom the second story window. Ms. Goldenfeather opened her beak andnsnapped at some child in the corner who was making himself look likenWolverine by sticking pencils in the cracks of his fingers. After shendid her signature glare at him, turned to the rest of the class. \"Oknclass. Im feeling generous, so I'm letting you doodle QUIETLY. Inswear, one peep and its HEADS DOWN for the rest of class.\" Shenwent back to fiddling with her clay. Aorta pushed back her chair andntrotted up to the front of the class and began digging in the colorednpencils box, making a few kids there glare at her and back off, somenmaking the crucifix with their fingers. She turned, her usualnjacked-up hair wavering threatingly. She stuck her tounge out andnflicked some lead at them. They accepted being hit with lead andnjust rolled their eyes, and walked away, grumbling about freaks. She walked back to her seat, tailnswishing some crud on the floor here and there. She sat on her chair,nand making sure Ms. Goldenfeather wasn't looking, sat indian-leggednon the chair. Fish snorted. If there was one thing Aorta was now goodnat getting away with, it was avoiding the teachers sight. It seemednshe was becoming more sly than Foxy and THAT was saying something. She immediently bent down over hernpaper and began to sketch a circle, with a cylender under it. Fishnwatched her for a few minutes out of the corner of his eyes and thennbegan drawing whatever came to his mind. First, he drew himself, thennAorta and some little creature that looked like it was half wolf, andnhalf fish. He giggled to himself and labeled it 'FOLF'. Aorta, after sketching something,nlooked over at his paper and her eyes widened. She saw her, Fish, andna.. a FOLF! What the HECK was that? She thought and put the cluesntogether. 'Take wolf.. add F.. take off w-' She stopped thinkingnimmediently and punched Fish playfuly in the shoulder. \"Younperv!\" She snorted, pointing at the paper. Fish blushednfuriously and whisked the paper away behind his back giving her thenshifty eyes. Their fun was stopped short, however,nwhen a familiar swan was standing over them, nostrils flaring. \"Isnthere a problem here, you two?\" Ms. Goldenfeather asked, a hintnof anger and curiosity in her voice. Fish and Aorta shook theirnheads, Fish succsessfully hiding the paper with his thoughts behindnhim. However, Ms. Goldenfeather became deeply immersed with thensketch Aorta was in the middle of. She stared at that, and grinned anrare grin. \"You really are a strange kid, having wonderous artnskills.\" She complimented, giving Aorta a pat on the head. Aortansmiled and shut her eyes as her tail wagged. Fish watched herninterestedly. Appearently, she liked being petted. He made a mentalnmemo to himself of that. Ms. Goldenfeather then sat back at herndesk, while everyone stared at her. It was alien for this teacher tonhand out compliments, especially when she was cranky. She seemed tonnotice everyone staring, because she looked up from her clay andnsnapped, \"What are you looking at? Go back to what you werendoing!\" The students obeyed and went back to doodling. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ The schoolbell rang and everyonenrushed out of the building, screaming wildly, for the weekend hadncome. Fish was one of the first ones out and immediantly lept to thenside so he wasn't trampled by other students who were better suitingnfor running on dry ground. He laid himself out on the park bench,nwatching the students scarmble out, tripping and dropping pencils andnbooks. \"Hey Fish!\" Someone saidnbehind him. Fish got up and turned, only to see Abbey. He blubbed anhello back at her, and remained focused on the school. Abbey sat downnnext to him, and inhaled some air. \"Aw.. the sweet scent ofnfreedom.. What's up with you?\" She asked, noticing Fish wasn'tnreally paying attention. Fish looked at her and grinned. Abbeynsighed, wiping imagenary sweat off her forehead. \"Wheew! For ansecond, I thought you were depressed! Don't scare me like that!nAnyway, I just wanted to invite you over later on. Chicken Littlencan't make it, and Runt has his Origami lessons... which I actuallynnever knew he had. So, would you like to come?\" Fish nodded and gave her a fins up.nAbbey grinned and gave his helmet a noogie, got up, waved and rannhome. Fish turned his attention back into the school doors. 'Where isnshe?' He angrily thought. He stared at the doors for 5 minutes tillnhe got up and began for home. It was right then he heard a cry, and anthunk of something hitting his headgear. Within a few seconds, henfound himself laying on the ground, Aorta laying on top of him.nAppearently, she was hanging out in the tree above him, waiting fornhim. She got off him, and brushed herselfnoff. \"And you thought I forgot..\" She muttered, stretchingnout her back. Grinning like she just won the world series, shenoffered Fish a paw to help him up. He accepted it, just enjoying thenfeel of their hands together. Aorta kept grinning and simply asked,\"nSo, you want to know why I asked you to come here?\" Fishnnodded, making his helmet crooked again. She giggled and continued,n\"I wanted to give you this.\" She said, reaching in hernpocket. She then pulled out a golden chain. On it, was a delicatensilver moon. Fish accepted it, and looked closer at the chain. Hengasped with amazement, seeing each link wasn't a circle or oval, butna star. He looked back up to her, his mouth open. \"My dad works as a jewler. He hasnhis ways.\" She quickly explained. \"No, I didn't steal thisnfrom anyone.\" She giggled. Fish snorted and put it on, feelingnproud for an odd reason. Aorta put her arm around him, flicked opennthe hatch on the top of his diving bell, and plunged her hand intonthe cool water. She then did the cruelest thing ever. She gave him anhard noogie ontop of his scaley head, laughing her head off as shendid so. Fish inhaled a bunch of water and pulled away, slamming thenhatch down with a grunt. He gave a death glare at Aorta, who was busynshaking the water off her arm and giggling like a madman. Fishnpouted. What was with people giving him noogies today?[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 No one seemed able to play nowadays.nIt was the end of the school year, meaning everyone was inside thenschool or their homes, studying for those darn finals. They went overnwhat was on the test and all realized they had some studying to do.nIt seemed only Aorta, Fish, and Abbey knew what they were talkingnabout. However, Aorta joined the sports club, so she was hardlynaround after school anymore. So Fish started hanging out with Abbey. They spent a lot of time in the poolnor Fish's tank, chasing lightning bugs at the end of the day, andnsimply playing tag or some other random game. Everytime Fish wasnhaving so much fun, he always thought,\" I wish Aorta was here..\"nAs she was always at football practice for the next year or somethingnlike that. Also, the fact she needed to study a bit AFTER thenpractices made it harder for her to even get out. Fish was having so much fun withnAbbey, however, he seemed to forget about that problem. He would seenAorta in school and a lot in the summer. No biggie! it was that exactnmoment when Abbey slid on a patch of wet grass outside her pool andndid a baseball-like slide into Fish. As the sudden impact on his finsnwas very hard, it of corse brought him down, landing on top of Abbey. Not too far off, jersey still on, andnhelmet off, Aorta was walking home to her den. She was severelynsweating and her normally bouncy hair was plastered to her foreheadnand back. She was smiling, as the couch yelled at the boys on thenteam, and for good reason. She was the best, according to the coach.nShe was able to run, tackle, and make a touchdown within minutes. Sheneven tackled and knocked some boys down about three times her size.nShe felt like nothing could break this happy fealing of hers. She rounded the corner, and droppednher Oaky Oaks football helmet in surprise. Off in a distance was Fishnlaying on top of Abbey, looking stunned as if something wonderfulnhappened, and Abbey, blushing like crazy, muttering something. Aortanbent down, and picked her dirty helmet up, and snarled. \"Fine. Insee how you want to play, Mr. Go off with another girl.\" Shensaid to Fish, even thought he couldn't really hear her. Aorta thenngripped her helmet tighter as she quickly walked home, her clawsnmaking long gashes in the normally hard plastic. However, Fish was not enjoying this atnall. His head banged off the glass in his diving bell, making himnlook a bit stunned. Hey, that really hurts you know. And Abbey wasn'blushing' for two reasons. She hit Fish's helmet with some force,nmaking the side of her beak bleed, and the fact she accidentlynbrought him down apon her. She quickly began muttering how sorry shenwas and how she really didn't mean that. After Fish recovered from his shock,nhe nodded, rolled off of Abbey, and rocked himself back up. He turnednand offered Abbey a fin back up which she greatfully took. AfternAbbey checked her beak, which was bleeding even more as she stood up,nsaid to Fish, \"You should go now. I expect its after six now.\"nShe said. Fish nodded, remembering to be home back by at least seven.nHe gave Abbey a hug, as a thankyou for letting him play and begannjogging home. As he went around the corner, he spotted a familiarnfigure in a football uniform. He yelled at her to stop. Aorta kept on walking, but slowed anbit. Fish thought she didn't hear him and yelled again. Aorta keptnwalking at a slow pace, her claws once again digging into the helmet.nFish sighed and shook his head. 'Crazy wolven.' He thought tonhimself, running after her. As soon as he was about a foot away fromnher, she spun around, a wild look in her eyes. \"Get away fromnme.\" She growled, spitting at the ground in front of him. Fishnskidded to a stop, staring deep into her eyes. \"What wrong?\"nHe blubbed at her. However, she just lowered her ears and growled,nshowing true signs of hatred this time. Her eyes flickered down tonFish's neck where he still had that necklace on. She threw her headnback and howled with laughter. \"HA! Nice attempt to butter menup. Its not going to work!\" And with that, she turned, makingnsure to hit him in the stomach with full-force of her tail and begannwalking again. Fish stood there, stunned once again.nWhat just happened? What made her so upset? Fish thought for a while,nunaware of what she saw with Abbey, which was a hugenmisunderstanding. 'Oh. Maybe she had a rough practice.. and she's outnof it..' He thought, rubbing his stomach gently. 'Yes. That was it..'nHe thought, grinning, He then climbed up the ladder, dived into hisntank and crept inside. Guppy was watching the Giggle's on TV. Fishnstared at it, his eye twitching. Four seahorses in red, yellow,nblue, and purple T-shirts singing happy songs HAD to be scary at somenpoint. He quickly paddled past her and went to his room. Removing hisnhelmet, and rolling over to sleep, he was unaware for the shock thatnwas to come tomarrow.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 Fish quickly hurried down the streetntoward the sound of the ringing schoolbell. 'I Can't BELIEVE Inoverslept!' He kept thinking to himself. A couple of mothers walkingnwith their kids stared at him strangely as he dashed pass and burstninto the school. After skidding down the hall, he opened the door andnsnuck in while Mr. Woolensworth was on the phone with someone. He carefully army-crawled to his seatnand popped up, and pretended to be bored and blend with everyone asnif he was there all along. Aorta looked at him, and growled. Shenlooked back down at her drawing of something, and began to delicatelyncolor with a yellow-orange pencil. Fish looked at Mr. Woolensworth,nwho was still happily jabbering along on the phone about detention ornsome other teacher stuff. Thinking it was safe, he leaned overnto see what she was drawing, completely ignoring her warning growl.nAorta quickly snatched it out of his sight and snarled, baing hernteeth and narrowing her eyes. \"I'm not talking to you, younguppy!\" Slightly taken back by her action andninsult, Fish turned and stared ahead, a wash of icey coldnessnsweeping through his veins. 'What the heck is her problem?' Henthought. Fish strained his mind to remember anything that might upsetna female. His mind trailed from home to her drawings to school, toncertain classes. Then it hit him. \"Bluuub!\" He whispered atnAorta to get her attention. She glared at him, freezing completely,nher fur starting to stand on its end in agitation. Fish thought henhad a reason for her strange actions. \"I was wondering...are younhaving your period?\" Aorta's jaw dropped, while Runt and the fewnaround them snorted and had to constrain themselves from laughing. \"I am NOT!\" She snappednback, looking horribly dangerous once again. \"Ask your NEWngirlfriend, Abbey. She might know.\" And with that, she reachednover and deliberately pounded on the glass in front of his helmetnhard. Fish felt as if his head was going to explode, as thenvibrations pressed his eyes into his sockets, and his brain feelingnheavy. He quickly grabbed his diving bell to stop it, and fixed it,nhis head now pounding. Aorta laughed at his pain and turnednback to her paper. Fish was shocked. She KNEW that hurt him, but whyndid she do that? Shooting her an angry look she ignored, Fish turnednback to the front of the class as a dull clink of a phone hitting anreciver echoed through the room. Mr. Woolensworth was done talking onnthe phone and turned to the class and jumped seeing Fish. \"Fish! Well, I didn't notice younbefore. I though you were late! Oh well, I must have overlooked you.\"nIt was that moment Aorta's paw cut through the air like a sword andnwas raised high and unmoving. Mr. W turned and looked at her,nlowering his glasses down his muzzle. \"Yes, Ms. Houndtooth?\"nAorta shot a sideways glance at Fish and smiled. \"I just wanted to let you knownthat when you were on the phone, Fish snuck into the room, hoping younwouldn't notice.\" After she said that, she put her arm down andnkept staring straight ahead. A THUNK echoed through the classroom,nmaking everyone look for the cause of this sound. It was solvednimmediently. Fish was resting his head on his desk, but by the looksnof it, slammed it down on the desk after Aorta made her lovelyncomment. Mr. Woolensworth looked at Fish andnthen to Aorta and sighed. \"Right. Fish, judging by your actions,nyou have obviously done what Aorta accused you of. You are to staynafter school for thirty minutes with me to catch up with the work younmissed in class.\" And with that, the day continued. As soon as the bell rang for the endnof class, Aorta got up and dashed for lunch. Fish slowly got up outnof his chair and slouched to the door where he walked head first intonsomething very solid. This solid object was none other than thenFootball Captain, a silver wolverine by the name of Klutch. He wasngrinning, throwing a football up and down. Fish felt like he hadnsomething to say so he stopped and looks up at the huge figure. Klutch kept throwing the football upnand down, grinning like a psycho. Fish was ready to just scream 'WHATnDO YOU WANT?' at him, but never got the chance because Klutchnstarted to speak. \"I heard from a certain she-wolf that you gotnanother detention in less than two months. Good show, Fish. OakynOaks' top student stooping so damn low.\" He threw the footballninto Fish's stomach so suddenly that it knocked the wind out of thenpoor goldfish. After inhaling a couple mouthfuls of fresh, coolnwater, Klutch laughed and walked off. Fish's eyes followed the loomingnfigure till the turned the corner and was out of site, still howlingnwith laughter, and jumped suddenly when he felt sudden weight on hisnshoulder. There was Chicken Little, who was looking sympathetic andnresting his feathered hand on FIsh's scaley skin. \"Look..nbuddy... what happened today.. I'm sorry.. if theres.. anything I canndo..?\" Fish shook his head, and smiled slightly. It felt good tonhave a friend like Chicken Little. Together, they headed off tonlunch. All through lunch, however, Fish stillnwasn't feeling any better. This was because Abbey and Runt keptnattempting to start a conversation with him, thought better of it,nand went back to poking the disgusting looking cafeteria food. itndidn't help either, that Aorta sat in plain site of Fish a couple ofntables away munching on some crackers. Fish watched her with a suddennfeeling of emptyness inside him. Before he could do anything though,nAorta looked up, her eyes locked onto his. She held up one of thencrackers she was eating and Fish felt as if he was going to be sick.nThey were goldfish crackers. After making sure he saw, the wolvennferiously ripped its head off and chewed on it for a few seconds,nswallowed and crushed the other half. Fish looked away and shuddered.nHe never liked those crackers, ever. As if he wasn't having a bad enoughnday, the worst was about to come. After staying his half an hour withnMr. W, Fish teetered out of the classroom and was walking past Ms.nSpottedFur's classroom when she strolled out. \"Oh! Hello Fish!\"nShe said warmly, clutching a bouquet of purple and white roses. Fishnlooked at the flowers and complemented on how nice they were. The teacher smiled, then dropped hernvoice a few decibles and whispered something Fish had barely caught.n\"I've just been asked out by Lenny, the janitor. He just gave menthese. As sweet as these are, I don't want them.\" And with thatnshe gave them to a confused Fish. \"Give these to someone younfind special!\" The leopard patted him on his back and rushednaway to the library. Fish looked and the roses and gulped. 'Well...nlets go find Aorta so I can make up with whatever I did.' Fish glanced at an event calender onnthe school's tac-board, showing sports practice times. The Tennisnteam had it till four.. Basketball, two forty-five... YES! Footballnwas just letting out now. If he hurried, he could catch a certainnwolf. As he dashed out of the backdoors facing the field, he frozendropping the bundle of roses, which shattered, spewing petals andnthorns everywhere as they hit the concrete. He started to breathenheavily at the sight in front of him, anger pulsing though his body. There was Aorta and Klutch, lipsnlocked in a deep kiss.[Chapter 9] ( Everyone's Copyrightednto their original owners, blagga blagga blagga. I apologize for thenutter latey-lateness of this. I've started High School and French andnwork kinda piled up. I also had the kind of writers block where...nyou KNOW what you want to happen but don't know how to write it. nMarching band and stuff didn't help either. And of corse, overallnlazyness. Yes, I know this chapter is short. Bear with me, ok? ALSO:nFish is NOT turning into a werewolf.) Anslight breeze blew the remains of the once lovely and innocent rosesnaway from the trio. After what seemed like a couple of hours, the twonwolven figures broke apart. Butch looked at Aorta, grinning slyly,nbut his grin quickly faded when he saw she wasn't looking at him. Shenwas looking at an utterly pissed goldfish standing on the concretenschool steps. \"Oh,nho ho! What do we have here?\" Klutch snarled cruelly. Expectingnfor Aorta to say something, he waited. After several moments ofnsilence, he glanced over. She was still staring at the young fish, ansatisfied smile across her muzzle. Klutch rubbed his leathery nosenacross his gray-toned fur. \"Well, see you tomorrow at practicenthen...\" He growled, turned, and jogged off. Asnsoon as Klutch was out of earshot, Aorta finally spoke. \"HownNICE of you to drop in, I was EXPECTING you, dear friend.\" Shenthen curtsied, taking great care to only have her two middle fingersnstick up. \"Whatnthe HELL is THIS all about anyway?!\" Fish roared in herndirection. \"First, you ignore me, then get me in trouble, andnnow THIS!? WHAT THE HELL!?\" He repeated.\" A fury of whichnFish had never known seized his mind and muscles. He darted forwardnat the she-wolf, his fin curled up like a fist, ready to swingnthrough the afternoon air. Whennhe was less then a couple centimeters away from Aorta, she seemed tonvanish. Fish stopped, and looked around wildly. Before he knew it, henwas on the ground in immense pain. His front fins were twisted andnbeing pulled behind his back, while Aorta put her clawed foot on hisnlower neck that wasn't covered by the diving bell. She gave anotherntug, and the goldfish let a cry of pain escape his lips. \"Sincenyou're just laying there, pay attention.\" The black wolfnsnarled. As if Fish had any choice, he blubbed a watery, \"Ok.\"nAfter the wolven tugged a bit harder this time, she continued. \"DON'Tnact like you don't know what this is all about. I'm going off withnKlutch, because you simply dumped me for that reject of a duck,nAbbey. Now, you can expect that I'm never going to leave you alonenfor cheating on me. If you didn't love me anymore, you could haventold me. But pretending... that's low... even for me. I swear, younWILL remember me.\" Thennext moment of Fish's life was probably more painful than finding hisngirlfriend in the arms of a Jock. His shoulder ached hysterically,nand felt as though something was tearing though his scales. The painnon his arms and backs lessened, as Aorta finally leapt off. Shenswiftly ran off through the baseball and footballs fields, tearsnspilling down her face. Fishnrolled over and pulled himself up. His arms were nearly dead and itnfelt as if his shoulder was bleeding. He went to walk, and nearlynfell down again. The pain in his shoulder intensified. He grabbed itnwith his other fin. Feeling wetness, he pulled his now red fin awaynfrom his shoulder. Turning his head slowly, he now understood whatnAorta had meant when she said he would remember her. Thenbite from her on his shoulder would scar, and be with him till hendied.[Chapter 10] (evil laughter LOOKIT! I GOT OFF MYnLAZY BUM! I deserve a COOKIE. Seriously, I apologize. : I blamenhighschool. ) ------------------------- Fish walked with Runt to school a daynlater. He was put through hell by his dear mother last night aboutnthe bite on his shoulder. He claimed he was horsing around with hisnfriends and got snagged by a tree, but he wasn't so sure she wasnbeliveing him. \"So.. She bit you?\" Runtnasked for the hundreth time. Fish sighed and nodded, feeling if henhad to nod one more time, his neck would snap in half. \"Wow... Innever knew love bites so much.\" Fish snorted at Runt'snunintensional pun, blowing tiny bubbles inside his diving bell. Runt was quiet for a moment thennstarted freaking out. \"OH MY GOSH! WHAT IF SHE HAS RABIES! YOUnCOULD BE INFECTED! OR SHE COULD HAVE INSERTED GERMS THAT CAN GIVE YOUnA STOMACH TUMOR, OR YOU COULD BECOME A WEREWOLF!\" Fish looked atnhim strangely for his outburst, and lifted his eyebrow at Runt's lastnworry. A werewolf? OH, COMMON. Runt blushed and realized with horrornthat he'd left his english homework on the island in his kitchen atnhome, and bolted home. Fish, not wanting to be late again,ntold Runt he would meet him in Mutton. About a block from the school,na black blur ran past him, apparently not caring about looking outnfor walking fish. The black thing knocked hard into his shoulder andncontinued running. Fish regained his balanced, and stared ahead, hisnhuge eyes refocusing. He was able to catch a glimps of a large,nfurry, black tail and a rather large pony tail. \"Aorta..' Henthought savagely. 'She's still angry at me and I don't know why.' Then, all at once, it hit the goldfish.nThat night with Abbey, when she fell atop of him playing a game..nAorta was nearby... meaning, she might have seen and misunderstoodnthe situation. It was decided then, he needed to speak to the wolvennand set things straight! He chased after her the best he could, andndecided to get her after school. All through the day, Aorta keptnpopping her colored pencils in and out of a little crayon box shenhad, furiously working over a piece of paper, and Fish swore that shenstarted to cry slightly at some points during the day, as he watchednher from the corner of his eyes. Instead of being rude to him now,nshe seemed to be pretending he just didn't exsist in her world. The final bell rang, as cheers rangnthroughout the halls. It hit Fish once again; today is a friday! Henraced out into the hall, skid and ran toward the algebra classroom,nAorta's 6th period. Sure as sugar, the fae came out of the classroom,nclutching the piece of paper she was drawing on all day. Fishnscreamed her name over the heads of students. Her ears perked, andnshe turned, seeing Fish battling the rampage of spazzing students. However, she just turned and ran innthe other direction. Fish yelled again, but was forced backwards, thenriver of students turning into rapids, and he was forced to go withnthe current, away from Aorta. He was able to escape around thenGeography room, near a pair of backdoors. He opened up the doors, rannout and to the front. 'Time to imitate a wolf.' He thought. Hencrouched behind a bush, hidden from the front and remained still. Aorta was one of the last kids out ofnschool; she walked with a slight slump towards the street when Fishnleapt out. Aorta turned around, hearing the sudden noise, and barked,n\"Oh. It's only you.\" Fish stood his ground, his expressionnfull of determination. \"It's only me.\" He blubbed at her.n\"We're settling this here and now!\" He yelled, pointed atnthe ground below him. Fish inhaled some sweet water, andncontinued his rant. \"I think I know why you're acting cold tonme, and I want to say that it's not what you think!\" Aortanleaned on one foot and crossed her arms, eyebrow raised, but shenremained where she was. \"I wanted to say, whatever you saw withnme and Abbey that one night, it's not true! Aorta.. I love you.\"nHe stopped and blushed at those last three words. The wolf's eyes opened a bit more andnher mouth opened slightly, her expression softening. As Fishnappoached her slowly, her expression changed once again, back tonangry. \"THE NERVE YOU HAVE!\" She yelled in his generalndirection furisously, making some young birds in a nearby tree chirpnangrily and take flight. \"TRYING TO GET ME BACK BY SAYING AnLIE!? TELL ME, HOW MANY GIRLS DO YOU GO THROUGH!? THEY ARE GIRLS,nRIGHT?\" She added nastily, before turning on her heel, andnstomping off towards the road. \"AORTA, YOU BIT-\" Fish begannto yell out of pure rage, but his feeling changed from anger to purenterror. \"AORTA! WAIT!\" He ran after her the best a fishncould. She was halfway across the wide street, purely aggitatednenough to just not care about anything. She held up her hand abovenher head, yelling, \"TALK TO IT.\" Fish screamed, \"NO!nAORTA! MOVE! AORT-\" It was too late. With a earshatteringnscream and a sound of screeching tires and a yell from Fish, the busnclaimed it's next victim.[Chapter 11] Beep... Beep... The sound of the heart monitor's beepncut through the dead silence in hospital room 114. Aorta was lying onnthe bed, clearly unconscious. The Doctors kept rushing in, takingnblood samples and checking on the patient. Fish was forced to stay innthe waiting room; he was on pins and needles. As soon as Dr. Oxford passed about thenfourth time, Fish stopped him. \"Tell me-\" The goldfishnblubbed \"How is she?\" Dr. Oxford lowered his horned headnand mooed softly, \"Its not looking too good. She's still inncritical condition. Apparently, she met that truck head on, causingninternal bleeding and permanent brain damage.\" He quicklyncleared his throat and power walked back to the lab. Fish was shocked; she couldn't leavenhim now. As soon as he finished thinking this over and over for aboutnten minutes or so, the doors of the waiting room opened. The footballnteam from Oaky Oaks trooped in, Klutch leading. They all had looks ofnabsolute terror or forlorn upon their faces, as if fearing the worst.nThey all took seats and remained silent; a few looked at Fish andnattempted a smile as if to signal everything will be ok, but theynfaltered and looked back down. After what seemed like hours, NursenStripes came out and announced, \"Aorta is avabile fornvisitors...\" However, the way she said it, there was no joy ornhope. Fish immediately got up, Klutch following. However, one ofnKlutch's team-mates gripped the captain's hand and pulled him backndown, whispering, \"Let the fish go first. He knew her best.\"nKlutch was silent, and then nodded, his fur around his face white asna ghost. Fish followed the tiger to the room,nand she quickly ushered him in and shut the door behind him. Aortanwas lazily watching him, her eyes glossy and lifeless. \"..Fish...\"nShe murmured. Leaving all dignity behind, Fish darted foreword andncollapsed at the side of her hospital bed, aquatic tears in his eyes.nHis fins gripped her one hand that didn't have the IV needle in, andnhe looked into her eyes. \"Fish... do me a favor...\" Shenasked, more wind escaping her mouth then words. She slowly signaledntoward her backpack with her muzzle. \"Open my backpack up, andnpull out a folded piece of paper next to my pencil box.\" Shencoughed and watched him do it. The fish attempted to hand it to her,nbut she refused to take it. \"It's yours. I only wish I got tonfinish the background...\" She coughed again, a little bit ofnblood dribbling down her jaw. \"I... also want to...napologize... I believed you... but I couldn't forgive myself... fornjumping... to conclusions...\" She started to become fainter. Fishnshook her hand gently. \"Aorta! Stay with me!\" He saidnloudly, his brown eyes wide. Aorta shook her head, \"I'm sicknof fighting a loosing battle. I'm only sorry I didn't stopnbefore... things might have been different then...\" She seemed tonchoke; the grip tightened on her hands, and she drew her terminalnbreath. Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep The heart monitor went flat. Fishnstared in shock, watching the lifeless wolf laying in her bed, eyesnstill open and staring out to the heavens. Then the pain hit him.nFish began to weep hopelessly. He would stay here and perish withnher, no matter how long it took! The doctors rushed in after a fewnminutes, then hung their heads at the same signal the heart monitornread. A few nurses pried Fish off the bed, whose helmet consistednmostly of tears instead of water now. He fought, he wanted to gonback, but it was no use. She was gone, and nothing could change that. -------------------------- Later that night, Fish wept into thenpillows upon his bed, when it hit him. The piece of paper she hadngiven him still remained unopened. He crawled over to his bedsidentable and picked up the now wet paper. Inside was a drawing, a bitntarnished by the rapid flow of water around him, but it was stillnclearly visible what it was. There was Aorta, looking happy andnfull of life, and right next to her was himself, grinning like anmadman and... His heart skipped a beat. She had drawn a folf there,nno doubt as a joke. He hiccupped, and smiled, eyes still streaming.nIt was hard to believe that this picture wasn't just a photograph, itnwas that good. He carefully folded it up, thinking what Aorta hadnsaid before. A new feeling came over him, and itnwasn't sadness. It was actually happiness and a little bit of joy.nAorta was in a better place now, and besides, she wasn't reallyngone... He eyed the necklace she had given him, floating around onnthe dresser... as long as he kept believing, she wasn't gone forngood. 'Who knows...' he thought. 'Someday, we'll be togethernagain...' And with that, he placed the picture into the drawer ofnthe bedside table, to ensure it from being lost. No one had to know... ","Summary":" ALL CHARACTER EXCEPT AORTA ARE © TO DISNEY Chapter 1 RIIIINGG! The school bell of Oaky Oaks ran thr"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"UN NUEVO COMIENZO","Author":"angelito23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6570592","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titulo: UN DIFIRENTE COMIENZO Descarga de responsabilides: Ninguno de los personajes de niñas mal me pertenece son propiedad de mtv y de sus escritores Notas: ninguna Habían pasado un par de meses desde que Pía, Valentina, Adela y Marissa habían salido de las casa de Maca y Greta y Nina habían decidió quedarse por no estar preparadas para enfrentar al mundo. Adela había desaparecido un mes completo, la había pasado con Nachito en su pueblo donde digamos que tuvieron una pequeña luna de miel; Pía había regresado a su casa donde no la esperaba su mamá, no había comida y donde mas que un hogar parecía la exteriorización de lo que sentía, soledad, busco trabajo y lo encontró en el hospital en que había muerto Ana, ella se encargaba de limpiar y mantener desinfectado el quirófano; Valentina llego a una casa donde su mamá y su hermana no sabían como tratarla sin importa que hubiera pasado aun no se habían preparado para recibirla ni mucho menos sabían que hacer con lo que ella les confeso días atrás, regreso a la escuela con mejores calificaciones que antes ya que cursaba el ultimo año de prepa; Marissa se dio cuenta que Nina no necesitaba una fan sino una amiga que la quisiera y cuidara como debía, su relación con Fatu creció y tuvieron que decirles a sus respectivos amigos ya que su amor no se podía ocultar. Las 6 se habían hecho grandes amigas así una vez por semana se reunían en casa de Maca para convivir y platicar de sus aventuras, mientras que la relación Pía- Valentina era cada vez mejor su amistad crecía y crecía y las esperanzas y dolor de Pía disminuían y aumentaban respectivamente. Era el día de reunirse en la casa de Maca esa semana no había visto para nada a las chicas y mucho menos había buscado a Valentina la verdad es que no sabia como iba a darles aquella noticia aun no había encontrado la forma de que lo que iba hacer no se viera como una salida fácil a lo que estaba viviendo, las cosas en su casa empeoraban, su mamá parecía su hija y la verdad era que estaba cansada de todo hasta de la \"amistad\" de Valen. Al propósito llego tarde a la cita, las chicas ya habían terminado de comer y seguían con el postre cuando ella llego. -hola chicas perdón por llegar tarde es que tuve cosas que hacer en el trabajo -pensamos que ya no venias -no podía faltar Adela -lo bueno es que ya estas aquí dijo contenta Valentina Se pusieron a platicar junto con Maca y Teo, todo era felicidad, amor y tranquilidad, después de un rato de charla se fueron a la piscina… -¿Qué te pasa Pía, estas bien? - con una sonrisa pía le contesto a Valentina—no me pasa nada estoy bien no te preocupes -te veo rara, somos amigas y si necesitas algo ya sabes que….. Amigas, amigas pensó Pía, esa palabra le dolía—basta Velen estoy un poco cansada es todo. La fiesta siguió en la piscina hasta muy tarde pero el hambre y el frio las ataco así que era hora de cenar y de entrar a casita; la cena transcurría tranquila entre risas y chistes hasta que….. -chicas tengo que decirles algo—dijo Pía sentada en el lugar de siempre -huy que carita pareciera que nos vas a confesar un crimen -cállate Adela como crees que Pía…. No me digas que lo que dice esta loca es cierto Pía sonrió—no es nada de es Greta lo que pasa es que…bueno miren no se como decirlo. -solo dilo dijo Marissa bien—respiro profundo—me voy a ir un tiempo, las cosas en mi casa no están bien y además…. Bueno creo que necesito un cambio ahorre un poco de dinero y me voy Todas enmudecieron Maca: no es necesario que te vayas puedes regresar a esta casa ya sabes Pía: gracias Maca pero lo mejor es que me vaya un tiempo, tengo que aprender a caminar sola y que mejor oportunidad que irme Valen: Pía no estas sola puedes irte a vivir conmigo Pía: si para que tu mamá o tu hermana me maten, no creo Marissa: puedes irte a la mía mi mami te adora y no creo que tenga inconveniente en que estés haya Ade: o a la mía así me haces compañía mientras el senador trabaja Pía: gracias chicas pero ya lo decidí no puedo quedarme Nina: y a donde vas Pía: aun no lo se Greta: como que no sabes, digo te vas a otra ciudad o fuera del país Pía: no lo decido aun, tengo pasaporte y visa pero no se que destino tomar Valen: eso es imposible debes saber donde demonios quieres ir. Pía: no se, solo se que no puedo seguir aquí Maca: si eso es lo que quieres Pía: lo es Terminaron de cenar en silencio ninguna dijo nada, no sabían que decir, de la misma manera recogieron los trastes y se dirigieron a lavarlos, cada quien hacia lo propio con sus utensilios Adela: les propongo algo Nina: no, siempre que propones algo terminamos mal y con problemas Adela: que les parece si nos reunimos dentro de un año en esta misma fecha, la misma hora y el mismo lugar Marissa: tu también te piensas ir Adela: pues Nachito y yo queremos hacer un viaje pero no es seguro aun además…. Pía: me parece una idea genial Valen: a mi también Adela: bueno entonces aquí en un año Todas: aquí en un año Terminaron y subieron a las habitaciones, cada quien con su pareja de cuarto, pía y valen entraron al suyo Valen: ¿Por qué te vas? Pía: ya te lo dije Valentina se acerco a ella Valen: dime la verdad por favor Pía: esa es la verdad Valen: ¿es por mi verdad? Pía la vio a los ojos: no lo es Valen: claro que lo es Pía se sentó en su cama: yo…yo te amo y por mas que he luchado para verte como una amiga no puedo, enserio que no puedo y cada día te amo mas, cada día me gustas mas y la verdad es que estoy viviendo un infierno por no poderte amar como yo quiero Valen llorando: no quiero hacerte daño la que se debería ir soy yo Pía se acerco y le seco las lagrimas con sus pulgares: no digas eso si me voy es porque si tu te alejaras eso seria fatal no podría soportarlo e iría tras de ti y seguiría con esta situación, si me voy es para evitar que seas tu la que me pidas que me vaya cuando te des cuenta que yo no te puedo ver como tu quieres que te vea Valen: pía lo único que hago es lastimarte Pía: claro que no, tu me has hecho creer en el amor en que puedo ser feliz, pero me enferma no poder besarte cuando tengo ganas, no poder decirte que te ves hermosa con esa blusa o con ese pantalón, no poder ser para ti lo que tu necesitas. Valen: tu eres mas que mi amiga y sabes que Pía: pero no soy la que tu amas además me muero de celos cuando estas con alguien mas y si sigo así voy acabar regresando a la casa de Maca por atar a alguien. Valen: eso seria muy malo Pía: claro imagínate quedarme con Nina y Greta… ya no llores, prometo que cuando vuelva las cosas serán diferentes, te juro que voy hacer todo lo posible para verte y quererte como amiga. Valen: te voy ha extrañar Pía: platicaremos por internet y prometo escribirte seguido Valen: te quiero Pía: yo mas Se abrazaron y durmieron juntas en la misma cama, seria su última noche por un largo tiempo, Valentina sentía que perdía a su mejor amiga y pía necesitaba paz para poder retomar su vida y si seguía allí seguramente iba acabar loca y enferma, tenia que alejarse del amor de su vida y buscar una anestesia para el amor que sentía y encontrar la medicina para olvidar ha aquella mujer.[Chapter 2] yasliz gracias por tus comentarios y ya veras como sufre Valen. Al día siguiente la primera en despertar fue Pía vio a Valentina dormida ha su lado y por un momento sonrió pensando que seria maravillosa despertar siempre junto a ella y que seria mejor poder iniciar el día con un beso de su Valentona pero para su mala fortuna solo eran amigas, trago saliva y se limpio las lagrimas que estaban empezando a salir, se levanto y se dirigió ha darse un baño, cuando salió valentina ya no se encontraba en el cuarto, seguramente había bajado a desayunar, se empezó a vestir y cuando termino no pudo evitar acercarse a la cama de valen tomo la almohada y respiro hondo buscando encontrar su aroma y así poder llevárselo con ella, lloraba por no ser capaz de lograr que alguien la amara realmente seguramente su pasado era el obstáculo que impedía a Valentina amarla como debía y quien podía culparla si había veces que ni ella se quería: Hay Valen, no sabes como te amo, ojala las cosas pudieran ser diferentes y créeme que intente aceptar lo que me dabas sin poner condiciones pero cada momento que pasaba quería mas, necesitaba mas que las migajas de tu amor. No te culpo de nada aquí la que se ilusiono por el espejismo que me pusiste fui yo, por eso me alejo porque si me quedo terminaría odiándote o mucho peor lo harías tu, ¿sabes? a veces me pregunto si no me querías porque me hiciste lo que me hiciste, a una amiga no se le besa no se le da alas para después arrancárselas. Pero bueno ya de que me sirve saberlo si al final la respuesta es que solo me quieres como tu mejor amiga. De que me sirve ser tu amiga \"amigas para que maldita sea ha un amigo lo persono pero…\", adiós mi Valentina y te juro que aunque me cueste la vida voy a dejar de amarte. Sin poder contenerse comenzó a llorar y abrazo mas fuerte aquella almohada como si ella pudiera hacer que no se le saliera el corazón, mejor dicho como si eso pudiera evitar que naufragara en el dolor que sentía …no llores, por favor no llores Pía se abrazo a Greta, después de un rato logro calmarse Pía: siento que me hayas visto así, es que… es que me da tristeza irme así Greta: no me des ninguna explicación, te entiendo, el amor duele. Pía: ¿Qué? Es que las voy ha extrañar y… Greta: si tu lo dices, pero tengo que decirte que escuche lo que decías a la almohada Pía: ¿escuchaste todo? Greta: solo la parte en que confesabas el amor ha… Pía: no es lo que parece, además ella ni sabe y no siente lo mismo por mi y… Greta: seguramente la almohada siente lo mismo por ti (cerrándole un ojo) bueno vamos a desayunar Pía: ahora bajo Greta: no tardes Salió de ahí Greta dejando sola a Pía la cual después de un rato de tratar de tranquilizarse y lograrlo tomo su mochila y bajo a desayunar, tomaron sus alimentos sin decir nada, sin verse sin hacer mas que lo que en ese momento pedía su estomago. Al finalizar era hora de que pía se marchara Adela: cuídate mucho si necesitas algo ya sabes Pía: gracias Nina: bueno pía espero que cuando llegues ha donde tengas que llegar llames he Marissa: te voy a extrañar mucho (abrazándola) Maca: cuídate por favor Teo: adiós mi pajarito no sabes la falta que me vas ha hacer Pía: y ustedes a mi, bueno estaremos en contacto nos vemos Pía empezó a bajar las escaleras Valentina grito su nombre y corrió asía ella para abrazarla lo mas fuerte que podía Valentina: te quiero no te vayas Pía: yo te amo y por eso me voy Valen: si te quedas te prometo que… Pía: no quiero que me des tu amor a la fuerza, si me vas ha dar algo que sea porque lo sientes así no me sirve Valen: yo te a… Pía puso un dedo en la boca de valentina Pía: no digas algo que no sientes… adiós Pía se separo de valentina y camino asía la entrada mientras la ultima lloraba sin saber que hacer realmente, cuando salió de la casa de maca recordó una canción que escuchaba cuando estaba encerrada que momento tan malo para recordar aquella situación y lo peor era que parecía que las cosas no mejoraban nunca Fue un placer conocerte y tenerte unos meses Aunque esos meses fueron el principio y el fin De un amor tan bonito y aunque no me quisiste Pero yo si te quise ,y hoy me tengo que ir. Muy feliz fui contigo, me conforme con nada y hoy te quedas sin mi, a pesar de que nunca me dijiste TE QUIERO y hoy que tengo irme me demuestras tu Amor Si me hubieras querido, cuando yo te pedia que me amaras un poco que me hicieras feliz Yo me hubiera quedado para siempre contigo pero no fue posible y hoy me tengo que ir. Si me hubieras querido, cuando yo te pedia que me amaras un poco que me hicieras feliz Yo me hubiera quedado para siempre contigo pero no fue posible y hoy me tengo que ir. Pía se alejo de aquella casa sin saber que rumbo iba ha tomar, llevaba el corazón roto y el alma en las manos pero quería que las cosas cambiaran por su bien Valentina se que ahí parada observando como se alejaba pía Greta: ¿duele verdad? Velan: mucho Greta: ojala no te arrepientas de haber hecho esto Valen: de que hablas es ella la que se va Greta: pía se va porque no hay otra solución para poder recuperar lo perdió Valen: y que perdió según tu Greta: su corazón, ese te lo dio a ti Velen: yo la quiero como amiga Greta: síguetelo diciendo tal vez en algún momento tu te lo creas Valen: ¿Cómo sabes, quien te dijo? Greta: todo el mundo ve como te quiere, como te ve y tu no eres indiferente no se como puedes dejarla ir sin decirle lo que en verdad sientes Valen: es mi amiga Greta: si no amara a Emiliano como lo amo, haría todo por estar con alguien como ella, espero que cuando por fin decidas ser valiente no sea tarde Valen: a que te refieres Greta: simplemente que encuentre alguien que la ame como se merece y que ella a me a esa persona tanto que no le importe si la vez como amiga, mujer, hermana o animal, créeme que cuando eso sucede duele tanto que quieres morir Diciendo esto se metió a la cada dejado a una valentina confundida y llorando Eres mi amiga, eres mi amiga Repetía valentina una y otra vez.[Chapter 3] El tiempo pasaba entre tristezas, alegrías pero sobre todo con mucha añoranza y melancolía, valentina extrañaba tanto a pía que había veces que le dolía pensar en ella y constantemente se preguntaba si hubiera podido cambiar las cosas si le hubiera dicho lo que sentía en realidad, valen se dedico a estudiar y a terminar la prepa, ella quería estudiar algo relacionado con la música pero también le gustaba la literatura así que cuando termino y llego el tiempo de decidir no sabia que hacer así que probo un tiempo la música pero aunque le gustaba al final se dio cuenta que le atraía mas la literatura y se cambio de carrera dejando a la música como un pasatiempo para poder sacar sus sentimientos. Adela había salido de viaje con nacho y después se había ido a vivir con el, tenían muchas peleas por todo desde la ropa que ella dejaba tirada por todos lados hasta que el no bajaba la tapa del baño pero así como se peleaban se reconciliaban con mucha pasión, el terminar la prepa ella decidió que quería estudiar derecho. Nina en un principio le costo mucho saber que hacer con su vida así que por unos meses no hizo nada hasta que un día empezó a extrañar la música y regreso a escena de la mano de Marissa que para ese momento era su mejor amiga y la cuidaba mucho mejor de lo que lo había hecho antes, saco un disco pop pero ya no con letras tontas sino que tuvieran sentido sobre todo para ella. Greta se quedo mas tiempo en la casa lo que le había hecho Emiliano le había dolido tanto que pensó que no lo iba a soportar, lloro noche tras noche durante varios meses hasta que se dio cuenta que un hombre no tenia que darle la felicidad, ya no quiso regresar a su casa la verdad era que no tenia sentido ir a un lugar donde lo único que hacen es utilizarte para su conveniencia así que busco un lugar a donde vivir y para su suerte lo encontró en la casa de maca como la nueva tutora, ella al terminar la prepa se dedico a estudiar psicología. La relación se ellas se volvió mas estrecha y se veían lo mas seguido que podían, se comunicaban aun con pía que trataba de estar en contacto con ellas, la verdad era que no sabían mucho de ella solo que se encontraba en Puebla una ciudad de México, vivía con una familia y se encontraba bien. Muy pocas veces la habían visto cuando chateaban, unas 3 o 4 veces durante ese año. La fecha de verse se encontraba cerca unas cuantas semanas y volverían ha estar las 6 juntas, la emoción las embargaba, Nina regresaría de la gira en la que se había involucrado durante 3 meses en compañía de Marissa el día de la cena mientras que Adela regresaría un día antes del pueblo de nacho y pía volvería de su exilio. Todo era felicidad sobre todo para valentina que se preguntaba como regresaría pía, para ese momento parecía sentirse mas segura de que si a pía la quería era como a una amiga y deseaba que pía la viera así. El día esperado llego y las chicas se reunieron en la casa de maca que había apartado esa fin de semana para que fuera especial para ellas, todas estaban ahí excepto pía que aun no llegaba Maca: ¿alguien le aviso a Pía? Adela: yo le mande un mail Greta: yo también Marissa y Nina: nosotras también Valen: le mande un mensaje a su celular Teo: bueno hay que esperar a ver si viene Valen: estoy segura de que lo hará La esperaron un buen rato pero el hambre les pudo mas y decidieron cenar, estaban un poco tristes al pensar que pía no iría pero ninguna como valentina que no había dicho nada y por la cara que tenia no la estaba pasando nada bien. Adela: no vino Nina: que poca, yo deje todo para estar aquí, fans, concierto… Valen: tranquila lady caca, dejaste a 5 personas que son los únicos que van a verte Greta: y una de ellas es Marissa Todos empezaron a reír y hacer repelar a las antes mencionadas así que ninguna se percato de la presencia de una persona que las observaba, se acerco mas …buenas noches…. Creo que no les hago falta Todas voltearon a ver a la persona que había dicho eso y vieron a una pía totalmente diferente, llevaba el cabello un poco mas corto y de forma moderna, el fleco ya no le cubría toda la cara sino que estaba cortado asía la izquierda, le había dicho adiós a los suéteres largos y anchos y llevaba una blusa negra ceñida a su cuerpo y un pantalón de mezclilla pegado…wau se veía diferente y a la vez su mirada no había cambiado, bueno tal vez un poco ya que el brillo que desvelaba nunca antes lo había tenido[Chapter 4] capitulo para yasliz, riotjet, GinebraRemyHadley, Frostyniigth, ladylibra10. GRACIAS POR DARME UN POQUITO DE SU TIEMPO OJALA LES GUSTE -pía—grito valentina y corrió para abrazarla y las demás después de un rato hicieron lo mismo. Se veía más guapa que antes y con una seguridad que cuando se fue no tenia, el año lejos le había servido más de lo que ellas pensaban. Adela: te ves guapísima Pía: gracias ustedes también se ven muy bien, Nina: yo siempre me veo muy bien Greta: bueno no hablemos de cuando te estabas quedando calva Maca y Teo se pararon también a saludarla Maca: hola pía te ves muy bien Teo: mi pía siempre se ha visto bien pero ahora ya descubrió como sacarle provecho. Marissa: y ¿Por qué tan tarde? Pía: huy perdón yo hubiera venido antes pero tuve muchas cosas que hacer y se paso el tiempo volando, veo que ya cenaron Vale: te esperamos pero Marissa ya tenia hambre y sino cenábamos con ella de seguro nos deja sin nada Marissa: que grosera valen, solo porque me comí mis 4 piezas de pan Teo: siéntate para que cenes Pía: gracias Teito pero ya cene, que te parece si mejor me regalas cafecito para que las acompañe en la sobremesa Valen: oye pero tu no puedes tomar café acuérdate que te pone mal Pía: no te preocupes un poquito no es nada Valen: pía por favor mejor toma lechita Pía sonrió al ver a valentina—esta bien que sea una taza de leche Se sentaron y empezaron a platicar de los sucesos de ese año y así poder poner al corriente a pía acerca de lo ocurrido en sus vidas, ella reía divertida de la forma en que cada una de ellas había estado ese año, desde las peleas de Adela y nachito por la forma en que ella dejaba regada su ropa por toda la casa, hasta la forma en que Marissa se había comportado cuando se codeo con grandes artistas al ser la manager de Nina. Pía escuchaba divertida las aventuras de todas y le dio un poco de melancolía no haber podido estar con ellas en esos momento o haber ayudado a valentía a escoger una carrera o apoyarla cuando se peleo con su mama y esta la corrió de su casa y se fue ha vivir con maca un tiempo hasta que le habían ido a pedir perdón. Se había perdido muchas cosas era cierto pero también era cierto que ese año le había ayudad a comprender que valentina la quería como amiga y que eso no lo cambiaria nada, así que ella había seguido con su vida, Valentina estaba tan sorprendida con pía, la veía guapísima, tan diferente, tan llena de vida, tan segura, si que le había sentado bien ese año, mas bonita no se podía ver pero lo mejor de todo es que había regresado su amiga su mejor amiga y ahora se quedaría con ella para siempre, podrían salir al cine a conciertos y retomarían su relación donde la habían dejado. Maca: bueno pía y tu que nos cuentas, ya escuchaste las locuras de estas pero y tu Adela: si pía chole con nuestra platica que ha sido de tu vida Valen: regresaste para quedarte ¿verdad? Pía: regrese para quedarme (viendo a valen directamente) La sonrisa de valentina fue tan obvia y tan grande que no cabía en su cara Greta: ¿y adonde vas a vivir? Marissa: pues con su mamá donde mas Pía: pues tengo que decirte que no vivo con ella, la verdad es que no se donde esta, la casa la vendió y desapareció, así que… Teo: pues hija trae tus cosas que te quedas aquí…bueno si así lo quiere maca ya ves lo que dicen donde manda marinero no dice nada el coronel Pía: jeje hay Teito como te extrañaba Maca: bueno pía esta es tu casa Pía: gracias maca pero tengo donde quedarme Adela: ¿así, donde y con quien es ese lugar? Pía: no cambias, bueno es una historia muy larga para poder explicarles donde esta mi nuevo hogar Nina: tenemos mucho tiempo así que empieza Marissa: Teo que tal si pones cafecito y haces unas galletitas para poder escuchar como se debe a Pía Teo: hay niña (saliendo así a la cocina) Pía: bueno como saben estuve en varios lugares viviendo hasta que por asares del destino llegue a México concretamente a la ciudad de puebla, no fue nada fácil hubo veces que tuve que dormir en parquecitos porque la verdad no me alcanzaba para rentar un lugar hasta que un día encontré un cuartito arriba de un azotea que era bastante accesible y la dueña una persona muy buena le bajo el precio un poco para que me pudiera quedar bueno así que tuve que buscar trabajo y lo encontré en un restaurantito cerca de un hospital esto lo hacia en las tardes y en las mañanas trabajaba en un café cerca de mi casa. Marissa: hay que triste Greta: cállate Pía: un día callo un aguacero y me di una empapada que para que les cuento y como era de esperarse me enferme pero no me podía dar ese lujo y faltar menos, así que fui ese día al trabajo pero me sentía muy mal y pues me desmalle, cuando desperté estaba en el cuarto de un hospital …Flashback…. Pía: (débil) donde estoy Una chica no muy alta de cabello castaño claro, delgada y de ojos azules que los enmarcaban una mirada penetrante, viva y alegre se acerco a ella … tranquila pía estas en el hospital, lo que pasa es que por la fiebre que tenías te desmayaste y mamá y yo te trajimos aquí. Pía: ¿que tengo? …tienes bronconeumonía Pía: gracias, como sabes mi nombre …(sonrió un poco) bueno el dueño del restaurante nos dijo tu nombre, el mío es Fátima y mi mamá se llama Marisela, pero todos la conocen como la doctora Lorenzi, tranquila no te preocupes ya veras que pronto te recuperas. En eso entro una mujer alta de cabello castaño y de ojos azules penetrantes seguramente esa era la madre. Dra.: con que ya despertó la enfermita, ¿Cómo te sientes pía? Pía: cansada Dra.: es norma pero pronto estarás bien, además te esta cuidando la próxima eminencia en medicina, mi hija. Pía: yo no tengo como pagarle, ni pagar el hospital Fátima: de eso no te preocupes ya encontraremos la forma además creo que esto seria parte de tus próximas propinas Ere cierto ellas iban todos los días a comer ahí y siempre era muy amables con ella. Pía: bueno así conocí a Fátima y ha la doctora Lorenzi, ellas se portaron muy bien conmigo Marissa: no entiendo, ¿acaso vives con ellas? Pía: pues si Adela: ¿Cómo paso eso? Pía: Bueno cuando salí del hospital y regrese al trabajo me dieron las gracias había estado mucho tiempo fuera y ya habían encontrado ha alguien mas así que con lo que me pagaron fui ha buscar a la doctora …Flashback… …doctora la busca la señorita pía Dra.: hazla pasar….hola pía como estas, como te has sentido Pía: ya me siento mucho mejor doctora un poco débil pero bien Dra.: que bueno, a que debo el honor de tu visita Pía: le vine a dejar esto—sacando un manojo de billetes— Dra.: ¿y eso? Pía: le vengo a dejar un adelanto por todo lo que pago cuando estuve aquí Dra.: no hace falta yo lo hice con mucho gusto Pía: lo se pero…acéptelo por favor Dra.: esto es muy poco Pía: lo se pero me despidieron y es todo lo que conseguí, deme mas tiempo y le iré pagando poco a poco La doctora no sabia porque pero le caía bien esa chica y ahora mas, era impetuosa y a la vez dulce, tenia orgullo pero sabia agradecer, así que hizo algo que nunca pensó Dra.: esta bien pía, pero con unas condiciones Pía: ¿Cuáles? Dra.: que trabajes para mi seria la primera Pía: ¿y que voy hacer? Dra.: vendrías ha ayudarme con la computadora a pasar mis expedientes en limpio y ya se me ocurrían mas cosas, la segunda es que termines de estudiar y la tercera y ultima es que me ayudes en la casa, tendrías que mudarte con nosotras. Pía: ¿Cómo criada? Dra.: no seria mas como compañía de mi hija, yo te mando a estudiar y tu me apoyas con algunas cosas que yo necesite Pía lo pensó un poco y la verdad era que esta bien todo lo que pedía la doctora además tenia que pagarle de algún modo Pía: esta bien acepto.[Chapter 5] Pía: Es así como empecé a vivir con ellas, me dieron techo, comida y estudios. Adela: que buena onda la doctorcita Nina: quien tuviera tu suerte Greta: a cambio de que hizo todo eso Pía: en un principio pensé que seria la criada de esa casa, bueno la verdad si era forma de pagar su hospitalidad lo hubiera hecho pero desde un principio la doña Marisela me trato como una hija mas Valen: ¿saben…saben de tu pasado? Pía: si, ellas se merecían que yo fuera sincera y cuando tuve la oportunidad les conté todo lo que había pasado Maca: ¿Cómo lo tomaron? Pía: bien, la verdad es que se portaron de la mejor manera, con decirles que para ayudarme y entenderme mejor fueron a terapia conmigo, así que puedo decir que gracias a ellas mi pasado lo he ido superando. Adela: wau quien lo diría ayuda física, psiquiátrica, escuela, comida, amor y todo por nada Pía: tuve suerte Greta: bueno yo tengo una pregunta Pía: ¿Cuál? Greta: (sonriendo y con cara picara) y el amor que tal algún galán Pía suspiro hondo sabia que el día de hablar de sus amores seria difícil y que llegaría pronto pero no pensó que tanto, tenia que decirles la verdad y si no la aceptaban pues ni modo no eran las personas que ella pensaba. Pía: bueno…miren…yo…yo quisiera decirles algo y en verdad espero que lo tomen bien Marissa: me estas asustando pía de que se trata Pía: lo que…lo que pasa es que a mi me…me…gus… gustan las mujeres…bueno no todas…es decir que todas la mujeres pero hay una que me gusta mucho y que ocupa mi corazón. Valentina pensó que se refería a ella y sintió un poco de miedo mezclado con el gusto de saber que aun pía la amaba pero con la tristeza de saber que tendría que hablar con ella para dejarle claro que ella no había cambiado de opinión con respecto a lo que sentía. Greta y Adela se vieron serias, Nina y Marissa pusieron cara de circunstancia, maca y Teo enmudecieron. Pía: se que es difícil he impactante pero así soy, no quería ocultarlo ni engañarlas con algo que no soy por eso se los digo pero si alguna de ustedes o tu maca o Teo se sienten incomodas puedo irme El silencio y la tensión era obvia y pía en otra época hubiera salido corriendo pero ahora no tenia porque, levanto la frente y espero alguna respuesta, Adela: (parándose de su silla se paro en frente de ella y soltó una carcajada) tardaste mucho en decirlo Greta: pensé que tendríamos que esperar otro año Nina: mejor nos hubieras dicho algo que no supiéramos Pía: ¿pero como supieron, desde cuando lo saben? Adela: bueno creo que de siempre era mas que obvio que gustabas mas de cierta compañía (señalando a valentina) Greta: eras poco discreta con tus ojos además de que la veías con lujuria Todas rieron. Pía: maca, Teo ustedes… Maca: (sonrió) sigues siendo la misma persona a la que quiero así que no cambia nada para mi Teo: ni para mi Marissa: mejor dinos quien esa mujer que te tiene loquita Valen: (interrumpiendo al pensar que pía diría su nombre) quien quiere mas te o café Adela: valen espera que quiero saber el nombre Valentina trago saliva y cerro los ojos. Pía: (sonrisa de lado) su nombre es Fátima, ella es la mujer que me gusta y a la cual quiero. Valentina abrió los ojos de golpe y la volteo a ver, ¿Qué es lo que había pasado ahí? Greta: ¿Fátima? La misma Fátima de tu relato Pía: así es Nina: wau y como paso eso - flashback — Pía llevaba 5 meses viendo en la casa de la doctora Lorenzi se llevaba muy bien con ella pero la mejor relación la tenia con Fátima, tenían muchas cosas en común y compartían gustos similares, poco a poco se forjo una amistad intensa, mientras pía era la tranquilidad, la razón, el sosiego Fátima era la impulsividad, la hiperactividad, la estabilidad, esto hizo que la unión de ambas fuera un tanto explosiva ambas tenían carácter fuerte y amabas eran tan tercas, cuando llegaban a pelear lo hacían a grandes magnitudes y cuando se llevaban bien era tal su afinidad que sacaban chispas. Fátima había terminado con su novio medio año antes de conocer a pía, un joven con el cual había durado 6 años, ella quedo devastada y jurando que no se volvería a enamorar, era un joven sumamente inteligente, de mente rápida y abierta así que cuando pía le conto de valentina lo tomo como debía tomarse de la manera mas normal del mundo, dándole consejos y llevándosela ahogar las penas en unos buenos tragos de tequila, admiraba profundamente a pía y el afecto por ella llego rápido, pero un día no sabia como ni porque el sentimiento de amistad había cambiado había despertado queriendo a pía de una manera diferente a lo que se quiere a una amiga, la invadió el miedo, ella acostumbrada a tener al hombre que quisiera y como quisiera ahora le gustaba una mujer no era cualquier mujer era pía. Había un problema pía seguía enamorada de valentina y ella, y ella estaba confundida, muchas veces había querido besarla y abrazarla pero al saberse liada evitaba hacerlo no quería jugar con ella, no quería probar con pía si le gustaba la vainilla o el chocolate. A pesar de toda la confusión en su cabeza tenia seguridad en algo, el día que probara esa boca seria porque ella seria suya en todo tanto en cuerpo como en alma. Esa noche caí una tormenta torrencial en Puebla y la doctora tenia una guardia de 24x24 y no llegaría hasta la tarde siguiente, pía estaba acostada en su cama dormitando las pesadillas habían disminuido mucho pero esa semana habían llegado durante 3 noches seguidas así que deseaba que ese día pudiera dormir bien. Fátima: ¿estas dormida? (asomándose por la puerta) Pía: no necesitas algo Fátima: es que tengo miedo, ¿puedo dormir contigo? Pía: déjame pensarlo Fátima hizo cara de suplica Pía: levantando sus cobijas….pero no me destapes Fátima: te juro que no Se acomodo al lado de pía, Fátima: te puedo preguntar algo Pía: lo que quieras Fátima: como te diste cuenta que te gustaban las mujeres Pía: mmm, no es que me diera cuenta tan fácilmente o que me gustaran todas la que se me pusieran en frente, pero cuando conocí a valentina todo cambio la quería a ella y era ella quien me gustaba….supongo que cuando me enamore supe que lo mío era estar con…bueno tu me entiendes Fátima: claro que si Pía: ¿Por qué la pregunta? Fátima cayo un momento, respiro profundo, pía se había recostado sobre su costado izquierdo para poder observar bien a su amiga, Fátima podía sentir la mano de pía sobre la suya y la respiración de esta golpeando su mejilla derecha, se volteo para quedar frente ha frete Pía: ¿te gusta alguien? Fátima: si y mucho Pía: ¿ella lo sabe? Fátima: no Pía: dile Fátima: tengo miedo a que me diga que no Pía: si no le dices nunca vas ha estar segura Fátima: esta bien se lo voy a decir Pía: (sonriendo) esa voz me agrada espero que me la presentes Fátima: no porque están linda que de seguro te enamoras de ella Pía: huy si tanto la cuida es porque en verdad te interesa Fátima: más de lo que te imaginas, es que es un tesoro, Pía: ojala se de cuenta de lo valiosa que eres y de lo afortunada que es por que quieras estar en su vida Fátima: ¿tú te das cuenta? Pía: (sorprendida) no entiendo la pregunta Fátima: es obvia, pía tu… ¿tu te das cuenta? Pía estaba mas que sorprendida ante esa situación Pía: me estas queriendo decir que soy… que esa mujer soy yo Fátima: creo que tardaste en darte cuenta Pía: Fátima no…. Fátima: no digas nada, te quiero pía, te adoro más que a una amiga y si tengo que etiquetar esto seria amor, dame una oportunidad de hacerte feliz, déjame tomarte la mano (tomando su mano) y caminar junto a ti, darte la oportunidad de ser feliz Pía: no se que decir… estoy sorprendida Fátima: no digas nada Se acerco lentamente como para darle tiempo a pía de poder quitarse si así lo quería, pero ella se quedo quieta cerro los ojos y sintió como los labios de Fátima se depositaron en los suyos con el mayor cuidado posible, la oji azul temblaba, solo fue poner los labios juntos, la sensación fue agradable, pía movió su labios y atrapo el labio inferior de Fátima para después pasar al superior y cubrir con su boca la boca de la mujer que tenia en sus brazos, esta ultima se estremeció ante tal contacto, el beso fue mas de reconocimiento, de ternura y de mucho cariño, se separaron lentamente, ambas con los ojos cerrados a pesar de la lejanía. Fátima: eso es un ¿si? Pía: tu que crees[Chapter 6] FELIZ NAVIDAD A TODAS ¿Por qué las cosas tan fáciles?, pía aun sentía un como un castigo el cariño asía valentina, pero no podía negar que el afecto y la atracción asía Fátima crecían día con día y sino hubiera llegado ella actuar seguramente nunca se hubiera atrevido hacer nada, respetaba mucho a la doctora y no quería por ningún motivo hacer nada que pudiera romper la buena relación que mantenían. Era innegable que valentina siempre seria especial pues había sido su primer amor pero tenia que entender que ella la quería como amiga y que eso no cambiaria nunca, además por Fátima sentía un gran cariño que con el paso del tiempo se iba convirtiendo en un querer mas profundo, le gustaba ella físicamente y como no hacerlo si era muy hermosa, le gustaba su forma de ser tan segura, tan amorosa, tan todo…no quería lastimar a Fati y nunca le había ocultado sus sentimientos asía la joven pelirroja que vivía en su país natal. Fátima se iba acercarse a darle otro beso… Pía: espera… ¿y tu mamá? Fati: en el trabajo como tu sabes Pía: ya se… lo que quiero decir es que va ha pensar ella Fati: no tiene porque pensar nada malo Pía: lo se, lo se…..mira tu mamá me abrió las puertas de su casa, me ha apoyado tanto que no quiero que haya problemas Fati: no tiene porque haberlo, mi mamá es una mujer de mente abierta siempre ha respetado a todos Pía: seguramente si pero ahora es diferente, imagínate lo que va a decir que pervertí a su hijita Fati: jajaja si supiera que es al revés Pía: estoy hablando en serio Fati: yo también Pía: Fátima por favor, seguramente no va a tomar nada bien esto además tu sabes que yo aun… Fátima: se que tu gran amor es valentina y créeme que si yo supiera que a tu regreso ella pensara diferente mejor dicho sintiera diferente y te amara como tu te mereces me quitaría de en medio para que fueras feliz porque lo único que yo quiero es verte sonreír siempre pero lamentablemente las cosas no son así, tu seguirás siendo la amiga que le aguanta todo y que se conforma con el amor que te da esperando el milagro de que por fin de su boca salga lo que tanto esperas. Date la oportunidad de ser feliz, sigue con tu vida como ella seguramente ya siguió, se que entre tu y yo puede haber algo porque sino fuera si no me hubieras respondido el beso de esa forma y con respecto a mi mamá tendremos que decirle para ver su reacción, pero ella debe entender que mi felicidad en este momento eres tu y solo tu. Pía sonrió melancólicamente Fátima era mejor persona de lo que ella pensaba además nunca se hubiera imaginado que alguien la quisiera tanto a pesar de su pasado, ella pensaba secretamente que la indecisión y negativa de valentina iban mas por ese camino que porque estuviera confundida. Pía: no cabe duda que día a día me sorprendes más Fátima: y lo que te falta Pía: fue así como Fátima y yo decidimos darnos la oportunidad de estar juntas y ya llevamos casi 5 meses Todas escucharon el relato con atención, valentina no había pronunciado ni media palabra, ¿Por qué? le molestaba tanto que pía estuviera con alguien al fin y al cabo eran amigas y además segundos antes estaba pensando como decirle que siguiera con su vida y que a pesar del tiempo y la distancia sus sentimientos no habían cambiado. Todo había cambiado con la historia de pía y saber que tenia alguien en su vida no le agradaba nada de nada Adela: ¿Cómo tomo las cosas la doctorcita? Pía: mal era normal …..flashback… La forma en que se entero la doctora no había sido la mejor ni mucho menos como pía hubiera querido decírselo pero no siempre las cosas salen como uno espera y pía debía de estar acostumbrada a eso. Llevaban dos semanas saliendo, las cosas iban muy bien cada una se iba ajustando a la otra a conocerse a experimentar juntas las miles de sensaciones que surgían día con día ha reconocer el significado del porque de cada cosa que pasaba cuando se besaban o cuando se rosaban la mano, amabas vivían algo nuevo pero pía se sentía por primera vez tan amada, tan deseada simplemente llena de vida y por eso no insistió en decirle nada a la doctora, ambas habían quedado primero en ver que sucedía con su relación y si funcionaba pues hablarían con ella y sino pues no había necesidad de comentarle nada. El día que la doctora Lorenzi se entero pía y Fátima se encontraban en la casa estudiando la primera para un examen de matemáticas y la segunda para uno de anatomía básica y decidieron tomar un descanso consistente en una pequeña sesión de besos y arrumacos acompañados de palabras cursis, en el sillón de la sala la doctora no llegaría temprano ese día ya que tenia una guardia en urgencias que se prolongaba hasta varias horas ellas confiadas decidieron que era el momento de su sesión de besos … ¿pero que demonios pasa aquí? La doctora había llegado y las había encontrado en pleno momento romántico ambas se separaron de un brinco y decir la tonta frase no es lo que parece seria demasiado estúpido dadas las circunstancias y la forma en que las había visto Fátima: que crees que sea mamá Dra.: no es un juego Fátima ni una travesura más Fátima: lo se pía es mi novia y la quiero Dra.: ¿tu novia? Eso es una estupidez a ti te guasta Alfonso Fátima: no mamá a ti te gusta el a mi me gusta ella, mas que eso la quiero Dra.: te abrí las puertas de mi casa y sobre todo te di mi confianza y lo primero que haces es enamorar a mi hija lárgate ahora mismo. Fátima: te equivocas mamá ella no hizo nada, bueno solamente darme amor y cariño y eso no es malo Dra.: ese no es el punto Fátima: entonces cual es el punto ¿Qué es mujer acaso o que no hayas sido tu la que la escogió? ella es lo mejor para mi y si ella se va me voy con ella Dra.: es broma ¿verdad? Fátima: no, yo la quiero y si tu o el mundo no están de acuerdo a mi me importa un rábano Dra.: es mujer Fátima: tu también y yo igual Dra.: es…es Fátima piénsalo bien mi amor por favor Fátima: no tengo nada que pensar mamá, Dra.: ¿desde cuando eres gay? Fátima: que pregunta tan mas tonta y lo sabes bien, no se si soy gay, bisexual, transexual, travesti o trisexual solo puedo decirte que quiero a pía y creo que con eso debe bastar y si quieres ponerle una etiqueta para estar tranquila ha esto pues dime piasexual Pía: yo quiero a tu hija y créeme que lo que menos quiero es dañarte a ti o a ella Dra.: nos estas dañando a las dos Pía: no lo creo la única que esta dañando aquí eres tu, me voy de tu casa pero no voy a dejar de verla a ella, nunca me he rendido ante nada y esta no va ha ser la primera vez Dra.: ¿A dónde crees que vas Fátima? Fátima: ha preparar mis cosas y las de pía, como te dije yo me voy con ella Dra.: no te la puedes llevar Pía: no la puedes detener Dra.: no tienes nada ella esta acostumbrada a lo mejor Fátima: ella es lo mejor Pía: y se lo voy a dar aunque me cueste la vida y la voy hacer muy feliz Dra.: cuanto quieres para largarte y dejarnos en paz Fátima: (decepcionada) mamá Pía: nada porque no la voy a dejar no seria capaz de hacerle eso aunque usted me diera todo el dinero del mundo Las chicas prepararon sus maletas y bajaron para irse, la doctora estaba sentada en una de las sillas viendo asía la puerta Dra.: ¿enserio te vas? Fátima: sabes que yo no juego Pía: gracias por todo Dra.: ¿hasta por mi hija? Pía: sobre todo por ella Dra.: ¿en verdad la quieres? Pía: si mucho Dra.: no se vayan Fátima: no sino aceptas lo nuestro Dra.: (respirando profundo) no les prometo nada pero lo voy a intentar, las quiero a las dos y… sepan que lo que están haciendo es muy difícil, mucha gente en contra, muchos señalamientos Pía: lo sabemos pero aun así tomo el riesgo Fátima: y yo también además lo que cuesta es lo que mas vale la pena Adela: si que lo tomo mal Greta: era de esperarse imagínate descubrirlo de esa manera Marissa: que romántico el amor es lo mas bonito Nina: que oso tan grande Pía: créeme que si, ¿Por qué tan callado valen? Valen: nada, solo que me estaba imaginando la escena Adela: que cochina eres valentina Valen: esa no la del descubrimiento de la doctora Greta: ¿y la quieres? Pía: (bajando la mirada y sonriendo) mucho Valentina sintió que se le abría un hueco en el pecho, sabia que ella la había orillado a irse y que después de todo lo que paso ahora no podía hacer ninguna escena, pía era su amiga y porque razón sentiría celos por una mujer que ni siquiera conocía Maca: me da gusto que estés tan feliz pía, te lo mereces Pía: gracias maca Nina: y como es que vives con ella aquí Pía: trasladaron a la doctora al hospital San Bernardo Marissa: un hospital carísimo Pía: pues si ahora ella es la directora y nos mudamos ase 3 días Valentina: (gritando) tres días y no llamaste ni diste señales de vida y para variar llegas tardísimo Todas se sorprendieron pero sobre todo pía Pía: lo siento quería que fuera una sorpresa y llegue tarde porque estuvimos acomodando las ultimas cosas en la casa Adela: eso quiere decir que tu suegra te acepto Pía: eso quiere decir que lo sigue intentando Nina: y cuando conoceremos a la cuñada Pía: jajaja bueno les he hablado mucho de ustedes y quieren que las invite a comer mañana a la casa Valen: yo no se si pueda Pía: hay valen tu y todas ellas son muy especiales para mi y ahora mi nueva familia también lo es Adela: si valen no seas payasa Valen: esta bien iré (en tono seco y serio) Maca: y ahora estando aquí que harás Pía: bueno esa es otra buena noticia al terminar la prepa me ofrecieron una beca para estudiar medicina y pues la verdad después de ayudar a la doctora y ha Fátima me encanto la carrera y pues estudiare en la universidad de Antioquia Maca: que orgullosa me siento, puedes lograr lo que tu quieras Nina: al fin una carrera de verdad[Chapter 7] Todas platicaban muy animadamente excepto valentina que estaba ida y apenas sonriente Maca: ¿te sientes mal valen? Valen: ¿Qué? Pía: ¿Qué si te sientes mal? Valen: no…lo que pasa es que estoy un poco cansada, si eso es Adela: que buena mentira te echaste Valen: no es mentira es la verdad Greta: como duele perder lo que era de uno Nina: ¿Qué significa eso? Aparte de Nina, pía, maca y Teo tampoco entendieron a que se refería eso, las otras eran consientes de que las palabras de Greta eran para valentina. Valen: nada ya ven Greta y sus dotes de psicóloga Greta: acaso me equivoco valentina Adela: si valentina se equivoca Valentina: si y mucho Marissa: hay valen, la acabaste mareando Teo: de que hablan Greta: no se preocupen nosotras nos entendemos Valen: me voy a dormir (parándose enojada) Pía: yo también la verdad es que me siento muerta Maca: pues a dormir todas que ya es tarde Pía: y no se olviden que mañana es la comida yo me tengo que ir temprano para ayudar con todo, pero les dejo la dirección con maca Todas se despidieron y subieron a sus cuartos y como siempre pía y valentina dormirían en el mismo. Pía: ¿valen estas bien? Valen: claro que si pía en verdad estoy cansada Pía: ya veras que bien te va caer Fátima Valen: (sarcásticamente) no sabes como espero el momento para conocerla Pía: te molesta que te hable de ella Valentina: me molesta que la quieras mas que a mi Pía se quedo descolocada con esa respuesta, valentina observo la cara que se le había quedado a esta por semejante contestación Valentina: lo que quiero decir es que….acuérdate lo que te dije que si querías ha alguien mas que a mi te iba hacer una escena de celos y todo Pía: ha, lo recuerdo bien pero es diferente a ti siempre te voy a querer como mi mejor amiga y ella… pues ella es mi novia y la amo Valentina quería hundirse en un hoyo ante esa respuesta y más cuando pía se acerco a abrazarla y darle un sonoro beso en la mejilla Pía: siempre serás mi valientina Pía se separo de ella y se dirigió a su cama para destenderla, valentina la siguió con la mirada y pudo observar que estaba más guapa que nunca y que ya no la sentía como antes, había una cierta distancia que pía ponía entre las dos, la trataba diferente a un año atrás, como si fueran…como si fueran amigas. Valentina: (respiro hondo) ¿eres feliz? Pía: (voltio a verla) si la verdad mucho mas que lo que una vez soñé Y era verdad era muy feliz, cuando salió de la casa de maca un año atrás nunca pensó que podría sentirse así, iba el con el corazón roto, el alma en un puño y con el firme propósito de que tendría que olvidar a valentina para que nada pudiera separarlas aunque fuera como amigas, el amor que sentía por ella creaba un abismo, por un lado porque su pelirroja solo sentía amistad por ella y por el otro ella casi no podía controlar sus instintos. Y ahora un año después era feliz y lo seria mucho mas si valentina fuera la mujer que estuviera a su lado pero al menos ahora todo en ella se había curado gracias a Fátima, si la amaba y era ella la que ocupaba su corazón y su mente, pía había aprendido a ser fiel con los demás pero sobre todo para consigo misma. Valentina: (hizo una mueca que quería que fuera un sonrisa) me da tanto gusto por ti. Pía: lo se valen, siempre pesando en lo mejor para mí, por eso tú eres mi chica especial Valen sonrió ante esa repentina exclamación de pía, en eso sonó el celular de la morena Pía: hola mi amor ¿Cómo estas?...yo también te extraño…si ya me voy a dormir espero que tu hagas lo mismo y no te desveles tanto…jajaja que ocurrencias tienes, pero ya era hora que pasaras tiempo a solas con tu mamá…pero si tu y yo siempre estamos solas…también es mi parte favorita…antes que se me olvide las chicas aceptaron ir a comer mañana…cocínales cualquier cosas a ti todo te sale bien…claro que voy a llegar ayudarte… esta bien princesa descansa te mando un beso…yo también te amo Valentina escucho cada palabra que salió de la boca de pía y cada vez le dolía mas el pecho al sentir perdida a pía ¿no era lo que querías? Se dijo en silencio tu querías que fuera tu amiga y que encontrara alguien que la amara como se merecía….si lo se pero como saber si es Fátima la indicada…no estaba celosa pero nunca antes la había compartido con nadie siempre había sido suya y la atención era toda para ella….celos claro que no solo era un poco de molestia porque…pues porque no le había dicho nada su amiga. Cuando pía término de hablar valentina parecía dormida, se acerco a la cama, la observo por un segundo y le retiro un mecho de cabello que le caía sobre lacara, seguía tan linda como siempre y el simple contacto de su piel con la de la pelirroja la hizo estremecerse un poco. \" listo valen ya podemos ser amigas, las mejores si tu quiere por fin pude encontrar una anestesia para tu amor y una medicina a mis deseos y te puedo decir que ya no voy a morir de celos si te veo con alguien mas ni voy a querer matar Axel cuando te diga dragoncita porque ya entendí que lo que tu siente por mi nunca cambiara amigas para siempre. Ahora llego a mi vida esta chica que me ama mucho y me lo demuestra siempre alguien que seguro tu pediste para mi y que dios escucho y me la envió, la quiero demasiado y con ella he encontrado la paz y la estabilidad que había perdido, es maravillosa y ya quiero que la conozcas…pero te confieso que la mitad de mi corazón se quedo contigo desde el día en que me fui y por mas que quise recuperarlo no pude así que te lo dejo con todo el amor que un día sentí por ti, cuídalo y espero que cuando me lo quieras regresar sea porque has comprendido quien eres en realidad a pesar de que al final tal vez ya no lo quiera, pero me va a dar gusto que por fin te hayas encontrado\" Valentina no se había dormido solo no quería platicar mas con pía así que serró los ojos pero al parecer esta ultima aun tenia cosas que decir y se las dijo sin importarle que estaba \"dormida\" que mal educada pensó valentina y ahora no podía responderle nada porque sino quedaría como una mentirosa, que bellas cosas decía pía, siempre se las había dicho y ahora tendría que compartir esa parte de la morena que antes era solo para ella, pero a que se refería con lo ultimo, que le quería decir, si se despertaba y preguntaba seguramente pía sabría que escucho todo o peor aun le diría que lo soñó y negaría todo así que se quedo ahí sin moverse. Pía sabia que valentina estaba despierta porque cuando en verdad dormía la respiración de esta era pausada y pesada además siempre lo hacia boca arriba y con los audífonos puestos, tanto tiempo observándolo dormir habían dado resultado y podía decir detalles mas pequeños cuando valen dormía como que abría un poco la boca, sus ojos estaban medio abiertos y hacia un pequeño ruidito. Fácil decir que estaba despierta pero no quería que le contestara nada, no quería que valentina la viera a los ojos, solo quería hablar y que ella escuchara sin sus abruptos comentarios y lo había logrado, sonrió un poco y se a costo en su cama si que había sido diferente su encuentro ella se imaginaba algo dramático y ella con lagrimas en los ojos rogándole mas migajas pero a pesar de que le había dolido era tan poco que casi ni lo sentía no podía negar que su reacción era porque tenia ha Fátima a su lado pero sobre todo porque había logrado dormir cualquier sentimiento por valentina y así era como debía quedarse todo, no buscaría despertar nada por ella porque sino perdería mas que la ultima vez además así lo había querido su valientina.[Chapter 8] A la mañana siguiente despertó valentina decidida ha hablar con pía que mas daba si se enteraba que estaba despierta, tenia mucho que preguntar y mucho que decir pero para su sorpresa la cama de la morena ya estaba hecha para su maldita suerte se había despertado tarde, cuando bajo Teo le dijo que se acababa de ir que les había dejado la dirección encima de la mesa que estaba a la entrada. Las chicas se levantaron al poco rato y desayunaron todas juntas y entre las tareas que tenían que dejar hechas antes de irse y las bromas que se hacían salieron justas a la comida en el nuevo hogar de pía maca y Teo no podían ir dado que en pocas horas llegarían las niñas que estaban bajo su custodia. La nueva casa de pía se encontraba en un buen barrio además de un tanto familiar, era de dos pisos y por fuera parecía justa y adecuada para 3 personas y en la puerta de la casa se encontraban dos jetas ultimo modelo, las chicas se acercaron y tocaron a la puerta, el corazón latía tan desbocadamente que parecía que en cualquier momento saldría de su pecho corriendo, pía fue la persona que abrió la puerta y las saludo con una enorme sonrisa, de verdad había cambiado mucho su forma de vestir nada de aquella pía que se escondía entre sus ropas grandes y anchas. Pía: pasen chicas Todas se sentaron en el sillón más grande y pía quedo enfrente de ellas Pía: les ofrezco algo de tomar o comer Marissa: no se ellas pero a mi me podrías traer un refresquito y algo para picar Pía: (sonriendo) ahora vengo (Pía salió de la habitación) La sala era de un tamaño moderado con una sala modular y un sillón sin brazos, con una mesa de centro y en la parte más grande una chimenea de adorno sobre la que había varias fotos de una niña acompañada de su mamá o de una adolescente saliendo de la escuela, de una joven con un grupo de amigas, pero las que llamaron su atención fue en las que aparecía la joven junto con pía o en las que salían madre, hija y por decirlo de alguna manera la nuera, pero hubo una que dejo a valentina casi al borde del desmayo, estaba pía sentada en un sillón cargando las piernas de aquella chica de ojos claros viendo a la cámara mientras que esta ultima dirigía su vista a la morena viéndola de una manera que no dejaba dudas que el amor estaba ahí y a pía con una sonrisa que le iluminaba la cara. Pía: bueno chicas aquí esta la botana …: y aquí el refresco Pía: les presento a Marisela, la doctora Lorenzi Cada una se presento de la mejor manera posible Dra.: que gusto me da conocerlas por fin niñas, pía me ha hablado mucho de ustedes Adela: nosotras ya moríamos por conocerla y también a Fátima Dra.: mi hija ahora viene esta checando lo de la comida Marissa: ¿a caso ella cocina? Dra.: claro que si mi hija tiene muchos talentos y uno de ellos es el de la cocina algo que a pía y a mi nos ha servido mucho porque todo se nos quema Pía: (riendo) al menos yo si puedo hervir el agua Fátima salió de la cocina justo para oír el comentario de sus dos amores Fátima: claro sino fuera por mí morirían de hambre (acercándose a donde estaban todas y tomando la mano de pía, movimiento que no paso desapercibido para valentina) al fin puedo verlas en persona pía habla mucho de ustedes y de sus aventuras que creo que las conozco Valentina: ¿en serio? Fátima: claro que si, apuesto que puedo decirles quienes son cada una, tu eres Adela, tu Nina, Greta, Marissa y la famosa valentina ¿Por qué famosa? Pensó valentina, que tanto había dicho de ella pía, Dra.: creo que tendrán mucho que platicar así que antes de que este la comida iré hacer unas llamadas se quedan en su casa Las chicas se quedaron solas Adela: si que te ha hablado de nosotras pía Fátima: claro ella me cuenta mucho de ustedes Marissa: espero que cosas buenas Fátima: las mejores Nina: esta muy bonita tu casa Fátima: si la verdad es que todas hemos puesto mucho de nosotras en cada detalle para que sea un hogar para las tres La botana consistía en papas con chile, cacahuates enchilados y cosas bastante irritatantes, Fátima tomo una papa y se la dio a pía en la boca Valentina: pía no puede comer eso Fátima: (volteando a verla) ¿Qué? Valentina: tiene gastritis y no puede probar de esas cosas porque sino le puede… solo que eso le va mal Fátima: es cierto pero se acaba de tomar su medicamento así que no hay ningún problema que pruebe Valentina: yo creo que es mejor que no lo haga y sino mejor hay que darle otra cosa Fátima: yo creo que esta bien que pruebe un poco así no se queda con las ganas seria peor que estando todo aquí y yo comiendo enfrente de ella le diga que mejor se aguante porque le hace mal y se quede con mas ganas…..al final sola puede darse cuenta que le conviene mas si una papa simple o una con tantito chile y que le quite el antojo…es peor quedarse con ganas y yo no soy mala para dejar a pía así….tu que opinas valentina Valentina se quedo callada viendo directamente a Fátima que tampoco le quitaba los ojos de encima, cuando valentina iba a contestar Greta: que bueno carros tienen de quienes son Adela volteo a ver a Greta con cara de \"enserio en este momento preguntas eso\" y Greta con la expresión fue lo primero que pensé Fátima: uno es de mi mama el otro mío y de pía Adela: si les pregunto algo me contestas Fátima: claro que si (al mismo tiempo) pía: de pende de la pregunta Adela: ustedes ya Pía: ¿ya que? Adela: (con cara picara) ya sabes pía. Eso Pía se puso roja como un tomate mientras las otras se morían de risa incluso Fátima, valentina tenía ganas de matar Adela, porque carajo preguntaba eso ya era mucho saber y ver a la novia de su mejor amiga no tenia porque saber de su vida sexual Greta: contesten la pregunta Pía: me salieron voyeristas Adela: no pero…es solo curiosidad Fátima: la verdad que no, nos estamos conociendo Adela: esa es una buena forma de conocerse Fátima: seguramente pero llegara su momento además tiene que ser especial Valentina al escuchar eso se sintió tranquila, al menos aun todo era normal Greta: bueno eso esta bien creo Pía: mejor pasemos a la mesa a comer Todas se fueron a sentar mientras que pía y Fátima se metieron a la cocina para servirles Pía: perdónalas a veces son medio raras Fátima: no te preocupes son bastante buena onda Pía: disculpa a valen ella solo trataba de cuidarme Fátima: lo se y por eso me cae mejor, si se preocupa por ti ya se gano un voto a su favor Pía: ¿Por qué eres tan buena? Fátima: pues porque así soy además de eso también lo estoy, Se dieron un besito mientras que en la mesa Greta: ¿pero que fue eso valentina? Valen: mi estomago que tiene hambre Adela: tu sabes a que se refiere la lola, porque esa escenita para con Fátima Valen: le estaba dando algo que pía no puede comer Marissa: que parte de que ya se esta medicando no entendiste Valen: ni que fuera para tanto solo un pequeño desacuerdo de cómo la cuida Adela: pía no necesita que nadie la cuide mucho menos que se peleen por ver quien es la mejor mamá…. Nina: lo que pasa es que esta celosa Todas voltearon a verla Nina: tonta no soy y estas celosa por alguien que por fin trata a pía mejor de lo que tu nunca la trataste Adela: con que la pirómana si se dio cuenta Nina: claro y quien no lo haría Greta: valen yo te aprecio mucho pero pía se merece lo que tiene ahora no la cagues de nuevo, tu la quieres como amiga así que deja que Fátima sea ahora la encargada de darle sus alimentos En eso salieron las chicas con toda la comida y la verdad que estaba muy rico todo Marissa: que rico esta todo que bien cocinas Fátima Fátima: gracias Valen: Fátima quisiera….quiera pedirte una disculpa por lo de ase rato Fátima: no hay problema solo te preocupabas por pía aquí la necia fui yo así que perdón por lo que dije no quería molestar Valen: debo entender que ahora tu la cuidas y que pues ya no necesita de mi Fátima: te equivocas ella también te necesita eres su mejor amiga además que dichosa mi niña que ahora tenga a dos personas que se preocupan por ella Valen: (triste) muy afortuna[Chapter 9] Perdón por tardar tanto en escribir pero les prometo que pronto subiere varios capítulos para compensarlas, pero es que pensé que ya se habían olvidado de esta historia.[Chapter 10] Al poco rato la doctora apareció por la puerta del comedor. Dra.: disculpen chicas las llamadas tardaron mas de lo que pensaba Todas: no se preocupe. La comida seguía entre una charla poco profundo y la mirada siempre de Valentina para con Fátima y con Pía, estas ultimas ni cuenta se daban ya que estaban muy concentradas escuchando la platica o quitándose la comida del plato de la otra a pesar que ambas tenían lo mismo, la pelirroja no entendía como era posible que tanta cursilería pudiera venir de pía, bueno lo que hace el amor. Adela: doctora le puedo hacer una pregunta Dra.: claro que si Adela: ¿Cómo es que acepto la relación de pía y Fátima tan fácilmente? Marissa: Adela no seas imprudente, no se preocupe no tienes que contestar. Con una sonrisa la doctora contesto—en primera díganme Marisela y en segunda no es ninguna imprudencia. No ha sido nada fácil a decir verdad cuando me entere tenia ganas de matar a pía y colgar del palo más alto a Fátima. Imagínense yo la doctora de mente mas abierta en el hospital y en su familia no podía soportar la idea de que su hija fuera lesbiana y mucho menos que tuviera una aventura con mi inquilina a la cual quería como otra hija…..casi me da un infarto así que hice algo que jamás pensé trate de comprar a pía y ha Fátima, la verdad era que por un momento perdí mi dirección pero después me di cuenta del amor que se tienen, que no importaba si mi hija amaba a una mujer a un hombre o a una quimera ella era feliz y lo mas importante que la amaban de la misma forma así que comprendí que no necesitaba etiquetar lo que hay entre ellas ya que simplemente es puro amor y el amor no tiene etiquetas ni se razona. A partir de ahí todo asido mas fácil, veo como pía trata a Fátima mejor de lo que cualquiera la trato y tratara y que seguramente nadie podrá amar mejor ni mas a mi hija, así que visto así no se trata de aceptar sino de sentir . Fátima abrazo a su mama- ¿no creen que es la mejor mamá del mundo? Greta: eso es innegable, te felicito Fátima y a ti también Pía te ganaste la lotería con esta suegra. Pía: y con la hija también las dos son adorables. DRA.: como no amar esta niña, la verdad es fuimos nosotras las afortunadas, gracias a ella la vida es mas fácil y alegre. Valentina podía ver lo feliz que era Pía, le daba gusto claro que si y dios sabia lo mucho que había pedido que su amiga lo fuera y también que olvidara cuanto la amaba y al parecer ambas cosas se habían cumplido a la perfección, entonces porque sentía que el alma se le destrozaba cuando la veía tan cariñosa con Fátima, seguramente eran celos de amiga, era normal dado que Pia solo era cariñosa y le demostraba su acariño a ella, si era eso, era que nunca había visto a Pia con nadie solo necesitaba acostumbrarse al hecho de que ahora su mejor amiga tenia a quien amar. Esto se repetía valentía tratando de convencerse de que era normal lo que sentía, y tal vez lo era pero lo importante era ver cuanto duraría esta verdad hasta que cambiara para convertirse en celos que no solo podría en peligro su amistad con Pia sino con todas las demás. Pia amaba a Fátima tal vez no con la misma intensidad que a valentina pero en ese momento no se imaginaba estar con nadie mas, Fátima adoraba a Pia mas que a su propia vida, ella vivía y respiraba por su amada y la felicidad de la morena era la meta principal de esta futura doctora que estaba acostumbrada a pelear por lo que quería y esta vez no seria la excepción lucharía por el amor hasta el final. ","Summary":" Titulo: UN DIFIRENTE COMIENZO Descarga de responsabilides: Ninguno de los personajes de niñas mal m"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Lo que quiero que sea","Author":"angelito23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6551287","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titulo: Lo que quiero que sea Clasificación: K+ Genero: Drama Los personajes de niñas mal no son de mi propiedad pertenecen a MTV y a sus escritores Personajes: Pia y Valentina, niñas mal Las cosas nunca salen como uno planea mucho menos como uno quiere, eso lo sabia muy bien Pía sobre todo porque en esos últimos tres días la vida se había encargado de enseñarle esa lección de tal modo que nunca mas se le volviera ha olvidar, sentada en la sala de esa gran casa con las luces apagadas y con un frio que calaba los huesos retumbaba una y otra vez la voz de Valentina … ..tu no tienes la culpa que no te quiera como tu quieres que te quiera….. Se abrazo mas fuerte las piernas y serró los ojos intentando controlar de nuevo las lagrimas que querían salir, sentía el frio tan fuerte que no sabia si era por que de por si las madrugadas suelen ser así de frías o porque era el frio que ya se había instalado en su cuerpo después de escuchar esas palabras, bueno que mas daba la respuesta al final eso era lo que sentía y no importaba cuanto se tapara o se abrasara simplemente no se le quitaba al contrario parecía adherirse a ella. Bueno al menos algo bueno parecía haber salido de aquella situación y era que gracias ha aquellas palabras había encontrado la fuerza para poder seguir el plan sin mirar atrás y sin ningún miedo, recordaba que a pesar de decirle que si Adela y a Brenda tenia tanto miedo que seguramente se hubiera echado atrás en cuanto viera a kike o no hubiera soportado tenerlo tan cerca pero Valentina le había dado ese ultimo empujoncito que necesitaba para jugársela. Sabia que era arriesgado hacer lo que ella estaba haciendo que kike era peligroso solo pero ahora con Andy era mucho peor la situación además de que no solo ella corría algún riesgo sino que Brenda sin quererlo se había visto inmiscuida en este enredo, el primero a pesar de todo no se atrevería a matar a nadie pero el segundo era capaz de eso y mas, por tal motivo tenían que actuar rápido y hacer bien las cosas una equivocación y acabarían muertos mas de 3 en esta historia. se paro del sillón para dirigirse al cuarto que aun compartía con Valen y eso le dolía mas que cualquier cosa, verla, tenerla cerca, oír su voz y oler su aroma eran una verdadera tortura que pronto acabaría porque al final salieran o no bien las cosas alguien resultaría herido y si tenia suerte seria ella y sino acabaría bajo tierra. Pero al final eso que mas da cuando todo se ha perdido, cuando no queda nada por lo que luchar, no hay nadie que te quiera ni te extrañe porque tienes el corazón roto y la tragedia es no poder recordar como te sentías antes de que te pisotearan[Chapter 2] Ya era muy tarde y por mucho que valentina intento esperar despierta a pía la verdad es que no pudo hacerlo así que cuando esta ultima llego a su cuarto valen yacía plácidamente en su cama así que su plan había funcionado, no quería encontrarla despierta y tener que hablar con ella puesto que no tenia nada que decirle, la observo y volvió a comprobar que era tan hermosa, camino asía su cama y se recostó en ella boca arriba con las manos detrás de su cabeza, no podía creer que al día siguiente se casaría Nina y que por lo tanto seria el momento ideal de llevar acabo su plan, si las cosas salían bien el acabaría en la cárcel, Maca con la casa y ella tan lejos de Valentina como se pudiera, pensado en eso y preparándose mentalmente para lograr su objetivo aunque eso significara llegar hacer con kike el…. Bueno al menos en ese lugar había alguien que la deseaba y eso la hacia sentir bien, era cierto que no era la persona que ella quería pero al menos se sentía tan bien saber que podía provocar a otra persona. A la mañana siguiente Valentina despertó primero y vio a pía hecha un ovillo por el frio que tenia así que se acerco y la cobijo con la su sabana. Perdón por hacerte tanto daño…yo quisiera Le dio un beso en la mejilla y bajo a desayunar Kike: donde esta pía Valen: no se siente bien así que se quedo durmiendo Kike: bueno niñas espero que se porten bien y no me den problemas porque sino ya verán como les va Adela: huy kikito que miedo ya mero me meo en los calzones, Greta: jajaja pues créeme que es lo único que kike provoca, porque no hay mas Kike: basta vayan ha arreglarse y las quiero a todas aquí para este circo Nina: ningún circo es mi boda Valen: por eso mismo lo decimos Nina: cállate Así que todas se prepararon para hacer su parte del plan, mientras pía se arreglaba Brenda: estas segura de esto pía, puede que…puede que tengas que llegar hasta el final Pía: segura no estoy pero no tengo otra opción Brenda: claro que la tienes, puedes…podemos tal vez hacer que kike… Pía: nada Brenda solo necesito que cada una haga lo que tiene que hacer y ya Brenda salió del cuarto dejando sola a pía en el cuarto terminando de arreglarse, ella sabia que estaba jugando con fuego y que siempre uno acababa quemándose y que seguramente el fuego que se provocaría seria mucho que el que se imaginaban las demás. Kike no era feo pero era hombre además de ser manipulador, poco hombre y una lista tan interminable, antes de salir con la llave que había sido entregada por Greta respiro profundo y entro en el papel que se le había asignado desde antes de entrar a esa casa, debía ser la pu… que dominaba al hombre en cuestión, claro que sabia como actuar en su antiguo \"trabajo\" había sido la tranquila, la mujer fatal y la sumisa, claro que sabia como conseguir de los hombre lo que quisiera, lo sabia también que se pregunto porque se complicaba la vida con valentina, así que se dirigió al despacho ha cumplir con su destino. Mientras seducía a kike y lo ponía a sus pies no pudo evitar sentirse poderosa y olvidar a valentina, lo tenía en sus manos y fue así que segundo a segundo crecía su seguridad y fue por eso que logro recuperar los papeles hacer que kike pagara y redimirse ante maca, pero sobre todo recuperar la confianza de valentina. Como sabemos las cosas salieron bien, mejor que bien pero ustedes creen que al final kike hubiera reaccionado así, en verdad una persona como el acostumbrada a ganar siempre se hubiera quedado sin hacer nada, claro que no, la venganza es un platillo que se prueba frio y kike lo iba a probar e iba hacer que los demás pagaran. Odiaba a pía, Adela, Greta, Ignacio y Brenda, así que no sabia como pero lo que acaban de hacer no se iba a quedar así, el no había nacido para estar en la cárcel así que no la iba a pisar pero tampoco iba a huir simplemente si se iba al infierno no se iría solo…solo no se las llevaría a ellas o por lo menos a una. Maldita seas pía, maldita seas, te voy hacer pagar lo que hiciste[Chapter 3] Las cosas recuperaron su cause, evitaron que Nina se suicidara, Brenda salió ha enfrentar sus miedos, nachito decidió alejarse del dolor que le causaba Adela y por su puesto Maca regreso a la casa junto con Teo. Maca anuncio quienes eran las que podían irse entre ellas como ya sabemos Pía y valentina estaban en esa lista junto con una Marissa preocupada por dejar ha Nina sola. Las otras 3 chicas aun no sabían cual seria su destino así que Greta deicidio ir al cuarto de Emiliano el cual guardaba los mejores momentos de su vida, el lugar en el que había aprendido amar y se había sentido tan adorada cuando entro su sorpresa fue ver a kike sentado en la cama Greta: ¿Qué haces aquí? Kike: (acercándose lentamente a ella) viene a cobrarme algunas cosas, donde están las demás Greta: ya se fueron, maca las dejo ir Kike: jajaja me crees idiota o que, se que no ha salido nadie aun, las he estado viendo un buen rato, pero mejor no perdamos el tiempo y vayamos a ver a las niñitas mal Salieron de cuarto rumbo a la sala donde las demás esperaban a Greta, Pía y Valentina ya había hablado y por fin después de mucho sufrimiento por fin valen le había dado un nombre a la relación que tenia con Pía, eran amigas. Algo raro pensó pía, las amigas no se besan ni se tocan como ellas se habían tocado y mucho menos se decían tanto con una sola mirada. Cuando valentina le dijo que la quería, que la adoraba como una amiga le dolió tanto que de no haber sido porque ella se encontraba ahí se hubiera puesto a llorar de lo irónica y estúpida que era la vida, no podía creer que al final después de aguantar tanto solo fuera la mejor amiga de valentina. Al poco rato sintió unas ganas de reírse y verse al espejo para burlarse por la cara que tenia después de que le dijeran esas palabras de seguro paso de cara de enamorada total ha la cara de donde están las cámaras escondidas por aquellas broma tan negra. Ella amaba a valentina mas de lo que se había imaginado, el dolor ante esas palabras le impedía pensar con claridad pero lo único que sabia era que si ella quería eso pues ella se lo iba a dar, no era una mujer que le gustara la revancha ni mucho menos hacer pagar a los demás pero cuando le dijo que esperaba que estuviera segura y que si la veía con alguien nada de celitos y al escuchar la contestación de valentina pidió en silencio que le dieran la oportunidad de hacerle ha valen lo que ella le había hecho. Una parte de ella deseaba que valentina se arrepintiera y le dijera que la amaba como ella lo hacia o que cuando la viera con alguien sitiera tantos celos que luchara por recuperarla, pero algo también le decía que eso no iba ha pasar que por mas que ella lo deseara su suerte ya estaba echada y que nunca había estado a su favor mucho menos lo iba ha estar ahora. Después de la plática salieron de nuevo a la sala para saber la decisión de maca con respecto a las demás, ella se encontraba sentada en la ventana teniendo una visión más amplia de todo el espacio, mientras que las otras 5 se encontraban dando la espalada a todo a lo que ella podía ver cuando de pronto Pía: pero que…. Las chicas voltearon para ver que kike traía ha punta de pistola a Greta, Adela se paro he iba a decir algo Kike: no me vayas a salir con la tonta pregunta de que hago aquí, porque es mas que obvio a lo que vengo y si son lo suficientemente inteligentes no tardaran en darme la respuesta Pía: venganza Kike: bingo pía, cada día me sorprendes más. Maca: por favor kike déjalas en paz si tienes algún problema aquí estoy, ¿quieres la casa o dime que es lo quieres? Kike: hay maquita no se trata de la casa Adela: de que se trata loco, deberías haber huido o esconderte bajo los pantalones de tu papito. Kike: lo pensé pero soy un Linares, estoy acostumbrado ha ganar y que todos me digan que si, yo no naci para estar en la cárcel Marissa: bueno kikito entonces déjanos ir, no te comprometas mas si nos dejas ir te juramos que no decimos nada Kike: ustedes arruinaron mi vida y yo voy a arruinar la de ustedes, yo no pienso salir vivo de aquí, que mas me da morir si ya no tengo nada, bueno tengan en cuenta que de aquí solo 5 salen vivos, a ver contemos cuantos estamos en la casita; 1 maca, 2 Teo, 3 la gorda, 4 la hueca de Nina, 5 valentina, 6 la estúpida de Greta, 7 el aborto de Lucifer, 8 la carnada pía y 9 yo, a ver adivinen quienes se salvan Kike apunto la pistola a una por una Kike: a ver niñas díganme o quieren que sea yo el que escoja. Adela: bala para mi no Kike: exacto Greta: otra para mi Kike: tan tonta no eres, una para mi y la ultima dejen ver si adivinan…..mmm les doy una pista es para la que menos se imaginan Pía supo que era para ella, lo supo desde que kike entro a la sala, vio a cada una de las personas que estaba ahí, todas tenían porque vivir, alguien que las quisiera que llorarían por su muerte y ella no tenia nada, solo el intento de una madre y una amistad que le sabia ha veneno. Adela: si me vas a matar hazlo ya que esperas Kike: no estas en condición de pedir nada pero si así lo quieres esta bien Kike apunto Adela Pía: espera un momento, si quieres venganza toma en mi Kike que había sostenido a Greta junto a el hasta ese momento la aventó a Adela Kike: créeme que ha eso vengo, o me vas a decir que quieres ser primero tu Pía: yo planee todo, fui yo la que hizo que las demás participaran si alguien tiene que pagar esa soy yo Valen: cállate pía Adela: no le hagas caso esta loca Greta: fuimos nosotras ella no hizo nada Pía: piensa un poco kike crees en realidad que Adela y Greta tienen el cerebro para hacer que un plan funcione. Pía se fue acercando lentamente a kike hasta quedar a unos centímetros de el Pía: tu sabes que es verdad además todavía tienes ganas, te quedaste con las ganas de hacerme tuya, Kike: pues pía, con las ganas me quede pero ahora las casas son diferentes entiendes Pía: lo entiendo, además yo también me quede con las ganas de tener un verdadero hombre (tocándole la cara) Kike: (pegándole con el mango de la pistola) no que soy demasiado olvidable, Pía callo Valentina: eres un estúpido, si la vuelves a tocar yo te mato (acercándose) Kike le apunto Kike: shh no te acerques o te pego un balazo Las cosas se estaban poniendo muy difíciles todas estaban en la sala atrás del sillón mas grande mientras que pía y kike se encontraba detrás de sillón que daba la espalda a la escalera Adela: eres un maldito enfermo, tan tonto que en lugar de huir vino asustar a unas niñas Greta: que se podía espera si su cerebrito lo tiene en medio de las piernas Kike se empezó a enojar y a desesperarse apunto y cargo la pistola cuando iba disparar pía empujo la pistola a un lado y el disparo dio en un jarrón de la sale, pía y kike empezaron a forcejear, la pistola estaba en medio de ambos cuerpo con el cañón asía abajo, de pronto bang se escucho un disparo bang otro disparo, hubo un silencio, nadie se movía. Kike se despego del cuerpo de pía con la pistola aun en la mano derecha mientras con la izquierda se agarraba el estomago, dio dos pasos asía atrás soltó la pistola y callo cerca de la mesa redonda que estaba en la entrada, esta herido y sangrando. Las chicas tardaron en reaccionar valentina fue la primera en correr asía pía Valen: ¿estas bien? (volteándola porque estaba dándole la espalda) Pía sonrió un poco al ver a valentina cerro los ojos y alzo la vista tocándose el costado izquierdo y callo al acto sangrando.[Chapter 4] Valentina alcanzo amortiguar la caída de pía, todas gritaban y lloraban, Teo llamo a una ambulancia casi de inmediato. Velen: (llorando) aguanta por favor, aguanta Que raras son las cosas que uno piensa y recuera cuando se esta al borde de la muerte, pía siempre había pensado que cuando llegara su hora toda su vida pasaría como una película, sin cortes y rápidamente, en su caso seria una película de terror, no había tenido una vida muy buena que digamos, nunca conoció a su papá estaba segura que su mamá no sabia quien era así que no pregunto quien podría ser, ella llevaba los apellidos de su madre así que era mas como una hermana que competía con ella a la hora de salir y que era sumamente ambiciosa y no le importaba ni se preocupo nunca por ella, tan era cierto que la vendió a unos tratantes de blancas sin investigar si era las personas que decían ser, no la busco cuando desapareció tan súbitamente pero aun así la quería, aun así se había robado el dinero de maca para salvar su casa y ahora agonizando pensaba en cuanto la quería…. Si eso de la película sin cortes era mentira, estaba reviviendo toda su vida y descubriendo en que se había equivocado y pausando en lo mas relevante que había vivido hasta el momento del disparo, no podía rebobinar y revivir lo que ella quisiera era como si alguien se encargara de que hasta en ese momento no se olvidara de quien había sido y que las decisiones que había tomada la tenían ahí sangrando y en los brazos de quien ella mas amaba. La bala le había lastimado el pulmón izquierdo, le costaba respirar y cada vez que lo hacia le dolía tanto que si hubiera podido llorar y gritar lo hubiera hecho, trago saliva abrió los ojos vio a maca y atrás de ella ha Teo con lagrimas en los ojos, ellas eran las únicas imágenes maternas que había conocido las únicas que se habían preocupado por ella cuando había llegado a la casa y las únicas que no esperaban mas de ella solo que se comportara como una adolescente, las únicas madres que había tenido y que hasta ese momento podía reconocer como tales un poco tarde pensó pía de haber analizado antes las cosas todo lo que se pudo haber evitado y todo lo que pudo haberlas gozado -mamá (dijo apenas, dándole la mano a una maca sorprendida) _soy maca pía, ya viene la ambulancia (tomándole la mano) -mamá maca y ma…Teo, si Maca nunca había tenido hijos y las niñas que entraban a la casa las quería como tales podía recordar a todas y a cada una de ellas desde que abrió la casa pero estas ultimas eran especiales y ella lo sabia, tanto así que cuando pía pronuncio esas palabras su corazón se deshizo de amor y por primera vez odio al mundo por ser tan cruel cuando uno obtiene lo que quiere, Teo lloraba porque pía era y seria siempre la mas especial de sus niñas, las quería a todas pero ella era su pichoncito. Alzo de nuevo el rostro y vio a cada una de las chicas desde Adela hasta Nina, desde una Marissa envuelta en llanto hasta una Greta con las lagrimas en los ojos. Adela: no tenías que haberlo hecho, no había necesidad La verdad era que no escuchaba bien lo que pasaba alrededor apenas si distinguía algunas palabras y el llanto de los que estaba a su alrededor, si ellas supieran que por fin se sentía en familia, que por fin había encontrado verdaderas amigas y que valía la pena estar así por ellas, tenia ganas de decírselos pero las palabras no salían, -las quiero….a…. todas Nina: y nosotras a ti Greta: gracias Unas lagrimas cayeron sobre su rostro y no sabia porque pero algo le decía que eran de valentina, bueno si lo sabia porque todo su cuerpo reaccionaba con cualquier cosa de ella, un suspiro, una risa, su respiración y hasta su aroma despertaban en ella toda clase de sensaciones, su valentina la estaba sosteniendo entre sus brazos, estaba llorando, trato de acercar su mano a su rostro pero torpemente no pudo, no soportaba verla llorar y mucho menos saber que era ella la que causaba ese llanto. Cuantas veces había deseado morir mientras estaba encerrada, cuantas veces había rogado que la mataran para acabar con el calvario que sufría día con día y cuantas veces había estado tan cerca de estarlo y se había salvado, no comprendía porque razón había sobrevivir pero en ese momento lo sabia, tenia que conocer a valentina y sentir lo que era el amor, sentirse viva y probar la boca de aquella mujer que cada vez que la besaba sentía que el mudo giraba mas de prisa pero al mismo tiempo se detenía que hacia que su corazón quisiera salirse de su pecho y a la vez sosegara cualquier inseguridad y el cual la transportaba a un lugar en donde solo existían ellas dos, pero sobre todo saborear ese dulce, ese chocolate ese mil sensaciones que sentía cuando su bocas se tocaban y esa explosión de sabores cuando sus lenguas se encontraban, si por eso tardaba en abrir los ojos porque quería grabar eso en su memoria porque después de besarse su cerebro tardaba en responder, si por eso no había muerto antes y ahora quería mas que nunca desaparecer ya no le quedaba nada no tenia nada a que aferrarse una simple amistad no le serbia y por un segundo odio a valentina… ¿Por qué demonios había aceptado sus besos, por que había respondido a ellos por que madres había jugado con ella de eso modo si al final le iba a salir con la estupidez de la amistad? Y pensándolo bien de que le serbia saberlo en ese momento, no la odiaba eso hubiera querido pero no podía porque hasta el odio viene del amor mas profundo y ella aun la amaba, el odio seria mas fácil porque así podría irse sin que le doliera no volver a verla sin que fuera aberrante no escucharla, olerla o ayudarla sin que se conformara con las migajas de amor que valentina le regalaba. Pero a quien engañaba si aun se aferraba a la vida era por la mirada de ella y porque a pesar de todo se conformaba con ser solo la amiga incondicional y la que aguantaba todo con tal de hacerla feliz. Si dios era bueno no la dejaría sufrir y la ayudaría a irse sin mas o le daría lo que mas anhelaba, volvió a ver a valentina y se dio cuenta que solo le causaba dolor. -valen (apenas con hilo de voz) -shh no hables -te amo ¿lo sabes verdad? -y yo a ti - (con una sonrisa en su rostro) me voy a quitar de en medio para que seas feliz, no mas confusiones, no mas etiquetas te dejo para que seas simplemente tu Todas escucharon esas palabras y por primera vez fueron consientes del verdadero amor, no de una pasión o un arrebato de niña caprichosa sino del mas puro de los sentimientos y de los que muy pocos tienen la fortuna de conocer, sintieron pena por pía por no ser correspondida pero les dio lastima valentina por no darse cuenta antes de lo que tenia y de lo que estaba perdiendo, lloraban con mas sentimiento ahora al darse cuenta que la mujer que yacía ahí era todo lo que ellas querían ser, que era la mejor amiga que tendrían. -te quiero a ti, perdóname por favor dame la oportunidad de reparar mis faltas pía…yo…. -shh no digas lo que no sientes se que lo que sale de tu boca es porque me estoy muriendo -no créeme…créeme por favor créeme -shh…. Gracias por la mentira Pía cerro los ojos, el llanto se convirtió en gritos, la ambulancia esta ya en la casa y los paramédicos a un paso de entrar Greta: no te mueras por favor Adela: si te mueres te juro que no te lo voy a perdonar Nina: te juro que ahora si me tiro y quemo la casa abre los ojos Los paramédicos por fin entraron y empezaron atender a pía lograron estabilizarla y llevarla al hospital con una valentía aferrada al cuerpo de la persona que amaba en realidad. Valentina no se había dado cuenta en ese momento de que la amaba siempre lo había sabido, siempre lo había sentido pero su miedo la había detenido, su miedo le había hecho decir todas esas estupideces y le había hecho sentir que ella podría cambiar las cosas y hacerla sentir que se podía enamorar de un hombre. Por Ana siempre había sentido un amor, un amor de hermanas un amor que era aprueba de todo y de todos y que no necesitaba una etiqueta, pero por pía era una amor que nacía de lo mas profundo, lo supo desde ese primer beso en que toda ella reacciono con el simple contacto de su piel, desde que sin importar la forma en que ella la tocara ella deseaba mas; si la amaba tanto que la quiso alejar y ahora la iba a perder. Claro que amaba a pía quien no la amaría, claro que quería ser suya y hacerla suya pero sobre todo la amaba tanto que se imagino una vida a su lado.[Chapter 5] gracias a todas y todos por sus comentarios, me encantaría nombrar a cada uno pero si falta uno me sentiría muy mal por eso lo hago en general espero les guste este capitulo...me costo mucho trabajo... NOTA: me inspire en canciones de Ana Barbara, Chenoa y Malu a ver si adivinan en que partes FELICES FIESTAS De nuevo se encontraba en la sala de espera de un hospital y para su suerte era el mismo en el que días antes había muerto Ana, ¿era el único hospital en la ciudad? Seguramente no pero era el mas cercano a la casa de maca además de tener a los mejores doctores en cuestiones de traumas por armas de fuego. Sentía casi la misma angustia, casi la misma ansiedad y casi el mismo dolor, claro que era casi porque cuando Ana murió sabia que la quería como amiga y por lo menos ella se había muerto segura de su cariño, claro que lo que había dicho era cierto nunca sabría si algún día podrían haber llegado a ser mas que amigas, si el cariño que se tenían podía crecer hasta convertirse en un sentimiento mas profundo. Amaba ha Ana claro que si y cuando se murió se quedo sin la mitad de su vida, no le importaba la etiqueta que le pusieran si estaban juntas que mas daba mientras ellas se quisiera que importaba lo demás. Ahora si moría pía no perdería una mitad se perdería toda, todos esos casi eran porque esa vez había perdido a su mejor y única amiga y ahora si perdía a pía perdía todo, perdía a la mujer de su vida y lo peor de todo era pensar que con ella si tenia la seguridad de que lo que tenían era amor mas haya de una simple amistad, no tenia que esperar nada solo tenia que haber puesto de su parte para ser y hacer feliz y ahora lloraba ahí sentada con el alma desecha por haber mentido y engañado, si pía sobrevivía ella la iba hacer feliz iba pasar el resto de su vida reparando el daño que le había causado, le iba a demostrar que lo que le había dicho era cierto que lo sentía de verdad y no solo por lastima. Valentina se golpeo la cabeza con su mano derecha \" soy una idiota\" se decía una y otra vez, se sentía tan culpable por aquella situación si bien era cierto que ella no le había dado el arma a kike y mucho menos había disparado pero no podía negar que ella había empujado a pía a tomar todas y cada una de las decisiones que la tenían peleando por su vida y al borde de la muerte. Aun tenía grabada la cara de pía cuando le dijo \"tú no tienes la culpa que yo no te quiera como tú quieres que te quiera\" una estupidez porque lo que le quería decir era que ella no tenia la culpa de que ella no pudiera demostrarle los sentimientos como ella quería, pero su impulsividad le jugo una mala pasada y cuando cayo en cuenta de lo que le estaba diciendo ya era demasiado tarde lo había dicho y la cara de pía de dolor y de decepción le hizo saber que de nuevo la había embarrado pero no podía echarse para atrás y ahora también tenia grabada la cara de pía cuando le dijo que la adoraba como amiga y que por fin le pondría una definición a lo que tenían, que tontería mas grande, ella en verdad lo quería creer, en verdad quería quererla como amiga y por eso la trataba de convencer de que lo que salía de su boca era verdad. Y ahora no sabia que hacer si perdía el amor de pía para siempre, si la perdía a ella, ya la extrañaba y apenas habían pasado unas horas desde que se habían visto, añoraba cada momento que habían pasado juntas y eran miles de recuerdos que la acompañaban en ese momento de soledad y que se arremolinaban en su mente para demostrarle lo mucho que se había equivocado, sentía tantas ganas de gritar en medio de ese lugar, quería decirle a pía que siempre la amaría y que sin ella no podría estar y que si no volvía a ver su sonrisa no tendría mas porque vivir, su alma, su cuerpo, su piel, toda ella la necesitaban, ya no aguantaba mas y le espantaba quedarse sin pía, quedarse sola, quedarse en medio de sus confusiones y viendo que su vida se había ido. Llegaron las demás un rato después Adela: donde esta pía Valentina no respondía Adela: (zarandeándola un poco) valentina responde Valen: entro en cirugía Marissa: no te preocupes (abrazando a valen) todo va ha salir bien ya veras, además Adela llamo a su papa para ver lo de un buen doctor y pronto va llegar uno que es una eminencia. Greta: pía es fuerte muy fuerte y se va ha recuperar cuando menos lo pensemos va estar junto con nosotras Nina: claro que si, pía es valiente, fuerte y decidida, además tiene mucho porque vivir Maca y Teo estaban hablando con la recepcionista y las enfermeras, Marissa comía una dona, Nina estaba sentada en una silla observando a valentina que se encontraba enfrente de ella ida en sus pensamientos, Adela veía asía fuera en una ventana que se encontraba cerca de ahí no podría soporta otra muerte la verdad era que aun no superaba la de su madre mucho menos soportaría perder a una amiga y Greta veía asía el suelo sus pensamientos eran mas brutales odiaba a kike y se odiaba ella porque había sido ella la que había llevado a ese veneno a la casa de maca y al fina por su culpa su amiga estaba muriendo en esa sala de operaciones. Habían pasado varias horas cuando el doctor de urgencias el primero en atender a pía y el doctor que había sido enviado por en senador salieron, por sus caras no podía ser nada bueno lo que dirían, todas reaccionaron y se pararon para acercarse a el, valentina tomo aire tan fuerte que le ardieron los pulmones, cruzo los brazos y bajo la mirada esperando oír la peor noticia de su vida, no importaba como pero si ese día pía partía ella la alcanzaría en pocas horas o tal vez pocos minutos. Maca: ¿Cómo esta doctor? Dr1.: bueno la bala se alojo en su pulmón he hizo que este colapsara Dr2.: durante la operación la perdimos un par de veces pero logramos reanimarla y sacarla adelante Dr1.: nos costo mucho trabajo estabilizarla pero por fin detuvimos la hemorragia y logramos que el pulmón trabajara casi con normalidad Dr2.: miren aunque la operación salió bien y logramos reparar la mayor parte del daño causado por el disparo las posibilidades de que sobreviva son muy pocas, el deterioro fue demasiado y aunque es joven la verdad es que pareciera que se esta rindiendo, todo esto empeora la ya precaria salud de la señorita Montoya Dr1.: lo siento mucho hemos hecho todo lo que esta en nuestras manos ahora solo queda esperar Valen: ¿puedo verla? Dr1.: no es prudente por ahora, esta en terapia intensiva y las visitas son restringidas Valen: (llorando) usted no entiende tengo que verla y cuidarla Dr1.: hay mucha gente que la esta cuidando, usted tranquilícese señorita, vayan a descansar y a cambiarse de ropa (señalando a valentina y a maca) Valentina: déjeme entrar se lo suplico. El doctor analizo la situación y no tenia mucho que perder y tal vez seria mas lógico dejar que se despidieran de ella. Dr1.: esta bien pero en una o dos horas vengo por ustedes para que la vean, ¿de acuerdo? Todas: si doctor Valentina por fin reacciono y bajo la vista para saber que era lo que había señalado el doctor y era que su camisa estaba manchada de sangre al igual que sus manos lo mismo le pasaba a maca… tenia la sangre de la mujer que amaba encima de ella, la esencia de lo que era pía. Como duele el amor, como duele vivir, como es de cruel el destino con personas como pía, duele ser golpeada una y otra vez por la vida, duele tragarse las penas porque no queda de otra, duele despertar todos los días y ver a la persona que amas y no poder decirle lo que uno quiere, duele pensar tanto en ese ser que uno tanto ama ha tal grado de verlo en las personas que caminan junto ha uno, extrañarla aunque este a tu lado. Sus sueños se acabaron cuando valentina le dijo todas y cada una de esas palabras, no era posible que aun muriendo seguía soñando con su pasado seguía reviviendo cada uno de sus infiernos en los que había vivido, estaba cansada de todo, cansada de vivir y aun así no comprendía la tragedia por valentina saber que a pesar de su sufrimiento silencioso no se arrepentía de lo vivido, ya había malgastado mucho tiempo en dar sentido a lo que sentía, a lo que vivía y a lo que hacia con ella valentina ya no le quedaba nada ni lagrimas, ni canciones tristes, ni palabras para sustituir caricias ni suspiros que parecían besos, ya no tenia nada. Ya no le temía a la muerte, ya había conocido el infierno y había conocido el cielo en boca de valentina, podría decirse que en vida había conocido lo que todos conoces en la muerte… morir o vivir ya no era el dilema, el dilema era morir ahora o con la mano de valentina en la suya[Chapter 6] En ese punto de la vida nadie en ese hospital estaba seguro de nada y a la vez tenían claro todo, bastaron horas, un muerto, una amiga herida y un amor apunto de partir para que se esclarecía lo que en meses no se pudo hacer. Amores aceptados, vidas cambiadas, madures a la fuerza, acordarse de dios, heridas mas profundas contra eso y mas luchaban las niñas que siempre se creyeron malas y que en verdad solo eran chicas caprichosas y un tanto rebeldes. Cada una luchaba con sus demonios internos, cada una vivía su infierno propio y a la vez todas estaban juntas por un mismo dolor. Valentina estaba en el mundo del hubiera, en el país del quizá y en la ciudad del por favor, no había forma de salir de ahí, una y otra vez revivía las conversaciones con pía cambiando lo que ella decía y así evitando que pía se arriesgara a que le dispararan, claro todo en su mente acababa perfecto y todas felices y ella de la mano como novia de su amiga, que bonito sueño pero las decisiones se habían tomado y ahora había que enfrentar los resultados y ahora solo pedía una oportunidad una sola para que al menos ella y pía tuvieran un buen final… ya no de la mano y como novias ahora pensaba en una boda y un par de niños claro esta vez se la jugaría del todo. Pía pensaba que lo mejor era que valentina la olvidara después de que ella se fuera para que regresar y empezar atormentarse ya se habían hecho mucho daño que pareciera que amarse en lugar de regalo fuera un martirio, llego el delirio y el desengaño antes que la felicidad y el cariño entre ellas era un castigo que pareciera que lo llevaría clavado en el alma y en el corazón hasta su ultima respiración. ¿Cómo decirle adiós a valentina? Como poder despedirse de ella sin sentir que huía, como perder algo que nunca fue tuyo y que sin en cambio te llenaba el alma. No había forma de hacerlo y había toda la necesidad del mundo, había amado y no había sido amada y ahora no tenía sentido buscar ser amada. A las dos horas pasaron a ver a pía, primero maca y Teo, cuando entraron al cuarto se sorprendieron al verla conectada a todas esas maquinas, se acercaron lentamente y le tomaron la mano Maca: ¿te acuerdas cuando llego a la casa? Teo: claro que si, no hablaba ni sonreía. Maca: yo no sabia como acercarme a ella para ayudarla, cuando quise curarle los golpes que llevaba no se dejo Teo: si, pero yo la hice sonreír Maca: lo recuerdo bien gracias a ti le cure el labio partido y la el ojo morado, Teo: ¿Cómo le hiciste para acercarte a ella? Maca: le compre una tortuga… cuando se la regale se le iluminaron los ojos y la abrazo fuerte parecía una niña Teo: era una niña a la que le habían robado la infancia Maca: de haber sabido que la haría tan feliz hubiera comprado mil mas para que no dejara de sonreír Para ese momento ambas lloraban Maca: eres mi hija pía así como yo soy tu madre así que no te puedes morir y dejarme… no se que seria si pierdo una hija si te pierdo a ti, te vas a poner bien y yo te voy a cuidar para que pronto estés sana y después te voy a llevar a que conozcas el mar y vas a ver que bien nos la vamos a pasar paseando por el malecón, tu, Teo y yo Teo: si pía y yo te voy a cocinar el guisado que tanto te gusta y voy a tender tu cama por un mes Ellas salieron y entraron Adela y Greta ambas pidiéndole perdón por haber provocado a kike y prometiéndole que la ayudarían con valentina, después de ellas Nina y Marissa vieron a pía esta ultima le prometía dejaría de comer cochinadas durante unas semas si ella reaccionaba la otra le prometió escribirle una canción y que cuando la estrenara tenia que estar ahí la ultima en pasar fue valentina cuando entro su corazón se estrujo al verla ahí con cables en todo el cuerpo, débil y un poco ojerosa se veía tan indefensa mas indefensa que nunca que tenia ganas de abrazarla y cambiar de lugar con ella, poco a poco se acerco y con sumo cuidado le tomo la mano para no lastimarla. Valen: hola pía, mi amor, no se si me escuchas, no se si me sientes junto a ti pero quiero que sepas que te amo, no como a una amiga sino como a la mujer, como a la persona que tanto había buscado y que por tonta no me di cuenta que la tenia enfrente… se que pensaras que lo que te digo es mentira y es solo por que estas aquí a punto de morirte pero no es así siempre lo supes, desde cuando llegaste mi cuarto llorando y sentí la necesidad de abrazarte y protegerte, desde ese primer beso que despertó en mi todo lo que estaba dormido, desde aquella vez que querías llevarme a Transilvania para que nos convirtieran en vampiros y me besaste de aquella forma que solo tu sabes y que me hizo querer mas de ti. Si te dije todo eso fue por miedo porque no podía aceptar que me habías robado el corazón, porque vi como la relación de mis papas se desgasto y acabaron divorciándose y odiándose, yo no quería que pasara lo mismo, no puedo perderte pía y si algo pasaba y lo nuestro no funcionaba no iba ha soportar que ni mi amiga fueras, no poder verte o tocarte por eso escondí lo que sentía, una estupidez lo se pero no encontraba otra forma de hacer bien las cosas y mira ahora estoy apunto de perderte para siempre y siendo amigas. Vive para que podamos ser felices sin importar cuanto dure, quiero que me hagas tuya y tener la oportunidad de que seas mía, dame la dicha de decir que soy para ti hoy y siempre….me gustas tu y te amo a ti tu me has inundado el cuerpo de tal calidez que si tu me lo pides salgo gritando al mundo lo que siento sin importar si me etiquetan o me señalan. Si tu te mueres te juro que te voy alcanzar te voy amar y a demostrar que solo tu naciste para mi y que por eso yo morí por ti. Que es lo que estaba pasando ahí, ella la había querido siempre como amiga se lo había dicho de muchas maneras y ahora estaba ahí confesándole todo, ¿a caso seria posible eso? Al parecer si, estaba apunto de rendirse y ahora tenia que luchar para saber si era cierto lo que le decía valentina. Maldita fortuna que la tenia ahora con un tuvo en la boca sin poder hablar y medio centenar de sedantes que la tenían medio dormida, tenia que hacer algo para darle una señal a valentina así que dio una orden a su mano para que se moviera y al parecer funciono por la reacción de valentina Valen: eso es amor, lucha para que seamos felices, despierta pronto para que juntas recorramos el mundo y destino que nos toco vivir Valentina que nunca había sido cursi ahora tiraba miel a borbotones y no le importaba, ella escribía canciones de desamor ahora estaba dispuesta a componer melodías que hablaran de su gran amor por aquella mujer, se acerco a su oído Valen: este fue el único poema que me aprendí cuando estudiaba y ahora se que era para ti Te amo Te amo de una manera inexplicable. De una forma inconfesable. De un modo contradictorio. Te amo Con mis estados de ánimo que son muchos, y cambian de humor continuamente. Por lo que ya sabes, El tiempo. La vida. La muerte. Te amo con el mundo que no entiendo. Con la gente que no comprende. Con la ambivalencia de mi alma. Con la incoherencia de mis actos, Con la fatalidad del destino. Con la conspiración del deseo. Con la ambigüedad de los hechos. Aún cuando te digo que no te amo, te amo. Hasta cuando te engaño, no te engaño. En el fondo, llevo a cabo un plan, para amarte... mejor. Pues, aunque no lo creas, mi piel extraña enormemente la ausencia de tu piel. Te amo. Sin reflexionar, inconscientemente, irresponsablemente, espontáneamente, involuntariamente, por instinto, por impulso, irracionalmente. En efecto no tengo argumentos lógicos, ni siquiera improvisados para fundamentar este amor que siento por ti, que surgió misteriosamente de la nada, que no ha resuelto mágicamente nada, y que milagrosamente, de a poco, con poco y nada ha mejorado lo peor de mi. Te amo. Te amo con un cuerpo que no piensa, con un corazón que no razona, con una cabeza que no coordina. Te amo incomprensiblemente. Sin preguntarme, por qué te amo. Sin importarme por qué te amo. Sin cuestionarme por qué te amo. Te amo sencillamente porque te amo. Yo mismo no se por qué te amo. Valentina salió del cuarto sabiendo que pía volvería a ella que solo era cuestión de ser ella la que ahora esperara, ella sobreviviría para que se amaran simplemente[Chapter 7] PRONTO GRAN FINAL Esa poesía se la había aprendido en su clase de literatura nunca le había gustado la poesía pero esa en especial tenia algo que le llamaba la atención tal vez el hecho de que cuando se enamorara pudiera haber alguien que le inspirara poder recitarlo. Pasó una sema y si bien era cierto que pía no había empeorado también lo era que no había mejorado tanto, en ese tiempo no había despertado y lo doctores dijeron que era por los minutos que su cerebro se quedo sin oxigeno y que era cuestión de tiempo para que despertara, durante su coma no hubo un día que valentina no estuviera a su lado hablándole, cantándole, tomándole la mano o simplemente observándola, las demás también estaban ahí al pie del cañón junto con sus amigas. Axel siguió fiel a su dragoncita pero ahora seguro que la había perdido y que si algo pasaba seria pura y llana amistad así que le dio todo el apoyo y rezo para que pía saliera adelante porque al final había comprendido que el verdadero amor de valentina era ella y que el solo seria su mejor amigo. Los días pasaban y valentina a pesar de tener la fe en que pía se pondría bien creía que la vida le seguía cobrando su equivocación Valen: pía mi amor despierta por favor, te necesito, deja que vuelva a ver tu hermosa sonrisa (besando su mano) te compuse una nueva canción espero que te guste: Ahora que no estás, los árboles del parque juraron no crecer hasta que vuelvas porque ahora que no estás, no pueden escaparse contigo a esos lugares donde sueñan Pero al llegar la noche todo cambia escucho esas voces, son amenazas que pasa ahora, no entiendo nada he visto sombras, que me alcanzaban [coro] ahora que no estás, que no te puedo ver las luces del puerto se han apagado ya no hay canciones, tampoco hay versos no me preguntes que está pasando ahora que no estás, que no te puedo ver la isla y los montes se han juntado ya no hay mareas, tan sólo espero no me preguntes que está pasando Ahora que no estás ahora que no estás ... Ahora que no estás ya no existe el silencio y oscuros desiertos son las calles que ahora no estás no pueden escucharte quizás a lo lejos casi puedo tocarte Pero al llegar la noche todo cambia escucho esas voces, son amenazas que pasa ahora, no entiendo nada he visto sombras, que me alcanzaban Valen: espero te haya gustado, se que es triste pero si no despiertas pronto solo podre escribir esas cosas…me haces mucha falta pía (llorando)…te suplico que despiertes El llanto de valentina era profundo y fuerte se había tratado de mantener calmada esos días pero ya no podía mas de pronto alguien apretó su mano levanto la vista y vio a pía despierta, el tubo de la boca le impedía hablar pero en sus ojos vio como le rogaba que no llorara Valen: despertaste mi amor (beso en la frente) voy por un medico Los doctores entraron a revisarla y hacerle una serie de estudios, su recuperación seria lenta y un poco dolorosa pero en un par de semanas se podría ir a su casa, su mamá ni se había aparecido por ahí alegando que no le gustaban los hospitales así que solo conto con las chicas. Valen: (acercándose y besando sus labios) te extrañe tanto Pía: (débil) tenemos mucho de que hablar Valen: lo se pero te amo y ya no puedo callarlo Pía: estas segura de que mañana no saldrás corriendo Valentina: tan segura que si corro solo será a tus brazos Pía: ¿y Axel? Valentina: no me digas que ahora me vas a dejar por el Pía: (riendo) aush (se retorció de dolor) no me hagas reír que me duele, Valentina: perdóname por favor Pía: ¿Qué va ha pasar con el? Valentina: pues el solo es mi amigo y le agradezco su apoyo en estos momentos pero el sabe muy bien que la única en mi corazón eres tu Pía: ¿Cuándo te diste cuenta que me querías antes del disparo o cuando estaba muriendo? Valentina: no seas mala pía…siempre lo supe pero tenia miedo a decirlo y a reconocerlo pero ahora que mas da Pía: que va ha pasar ahora Valentina: bueno primero tu te vas a recuperar y luego te voy a llevar a un concierto y después me vas ha pedir que sea tu novia Pía: y yo porque Valentina: porque al final seré yo la que haga la ultima pregunta Pía: ¿Cuál? Valentina: que mas da ahora (dándole un beso) Pasaron las semanas más rápido de lo que pensaban la mama de pía nunca se apareció así que al ser dada de alta se fue a vivir con maca en donde las chicas la cuidaban las 24 horas sobre todo su enfermera particular, su relación marchaba viento en popa, valentina ya no escondía lo que sentía y ya no le importaba si la veían los demás o no. Pía se la pasaba en la recamara sin poder moverse porque todas se lo impedían hasta maca y Teo Valen: a donde crees que vas Pía: (brincando del susto) pues al baño Valen: (llegando a su lado) por que no me llamaste o alguna de las chicas Pía: pues porque puedo llegar al baño sola Valen: aun estas débil Pía: lo se pero por unos pasos no me voy a morir Valentina: pero te puedes desmayar pegarte y morirte Pía: (viendo a valentina con una sonrisa) ¿en serio crees eso? Que negativa Valentina: no es negativismo es realismos Pía: esta bien pero entro yo sola Valen: pero pía Pía: no valen sola o me aguanto y me muero de infección en las vías urinarias Valen: (asustada) enserio puede pasar eso Pía: segura Pía entro al baño muriéndose de la risa no sabia si podría morir de eso o si existía algo similar pero le ayudo en ese memento….de vuelta en su cama abrazada a valen Valen: (acariciando su cabello ya que pía estaba sobre pecho descansando) ¿Por qué no te duermes? Pía: no tengo sueño Valen: mentirosa te estas muriendo de sueño ¿Qué te preocupa? Pía: nada Valen: pía nada de secretos Pía: últimamente sueño con el momento del disparo pero esta vez a pesar de que me dispara también les da a ustedes Valen: (moviéndose para verla de frente) es solo un sueño mi amor, trata de dormir yo me quedo aquí contigo y prometo no soltarte Pía: lo juras Valen: por mi guitarra Pía: huy lo mas sagrado que tienes así que aprovecho Valentina: tonta (dándole un dulce beso) duermete[Chapter 8] La recuperación de pía fue lenta y dolorosa tal y como lo habían dicho los doctores pero siempre conto con el apoyo de todas sus amigas, de Teo, de maca pero sobre todo de su adorada valentina, había encontrado por fin la felicidad le había costado mucho trabajo, había sufrido, se había rendido y por poco había dejado de luchar y con eso no solo hubiera perdido definitivamente a valentina sino que le hubiera costado la vida. La vida algo que por fin tenia sentido para ella, ase mucho tiempo había olvidado el significado de esa palabra, si le hubieran preguntado que era vivir se hubiera quedado calla o hubiera respondido simplemente \"seguramente lo contrario de lo que yo hago y de cómo me siento\", pero desde que conoció a valentina mas aquel momento que vivía embriagada del amor que sentía por ella podía responder que vivir era \" amar, gozar, reír a carcajadas sin ningún motivo, suspirar cada 5 segundos, soñar despierto, dormir para volar, sentir en cada célula de tu ser que dios existe, despertar sin miedo al mañana, sentir cada roce o caricia tan magnificados que sientes que vives y mueres al mismo tiempo, vivir era ver a valentina tocar la guitarra, dormir, despertar, oírla cantar, oírle decir cuanto la amaba…vivir era simplemente valentina\" Le habían quedado un par de secuelas pero nada grave, cada día amaba mas si eso era posible que a veces sentía que su corazón no iba aguantar mas, se había vuelto adicta al sabor dulce de valentina, a sus besos y a sus caricias, no importaba cuanto dolor sentía o había sentido bastaba tenerla cerca para sentirse mejor y un beso para curarla del todo. Valen: (abrazándola en la cama) ¿te duele? Pía: (adolorida) no mucho Valen: eres muy mala mentirosa, Pía: es que las medicinas me duermen y me atontan Valen: no le eches la culpa al medicamento Pía: que mala eres Valentina: tómatelo ya después tendremos tiempo de platicar y de seguir haciéndonos cariñitos Pía: prefiero que me des mi sesión de besos eso me haría sentir mucho mejor Valen: ¿así? Pía: si, Pía se acerco lentamente a valentina le dolía pero bien valía el dolor si podía besar a la pelirroja y esta se dejaba plácidamente y no salía corriendo, para ser sinceras asía mucho que había dejado esos hábitos y había pasado atacarla vorazmente cada vez que ella la besaba y ahora era ella la que casi tenia que correr para que las cosas no subieran de tono, no era porque ella no quisiera o no se le antojara porque las ganas las tenia desde ase mucho pero no era el lugar debido estaban en la casa de maca además todavía no estaba totalmente recuperada y no quería dejarla a media faena porque le atacara un dolor pero sobre todo porque seria la primera vez de valentina con alguien y ella por fin sabría que se siente hacer el amor, tenia mucha experiencia demasiada para su gusto pero al menos ahora agradecía tener para poder darle a valentina todo el placer necesario, pero ahora no era el tiempo tenían que madurar pero sobre todo tenia que sentir que valen lo haría por amor y solo por el simple deseo que sentía tenia que ser algo mas que un simple revolcón para ambas. Le dio un pequeño beso en los labios para después atrapar con su boca la boca de valentina, jugo con sus labios como quiso y el tiempo que quiso valentina disfrutaba ese momento sintiendo a pía pegada a ella, la morena se separo lentamente con los ojos serrados para poder sentir hasta el fina cada sensación que le provocaba valentina, cuando abrió los ojos la pelirroja la observaba detenidamente Valen: no sabes como me gusta cuando haces eso Pía: ¿Qué cosa? Valen: mantener los ojos serrados aun después de que nos besamos ¿Por qué lo haces? Pía: (sonrió) me duele que tal si me das la medicina Valen: hasta que respondas la pregunta Pía: (acostándose de lado viéndola a los ojos) porque así puedo disfrutar hasta el ultimo momento de ti, porque a pesar de que ya no me besas la sensación de tenerte cerca sigue plasmada en mis labios hasta varios segundos después y así puedo grabar en mi menta cada una de las sensaciones que provocas con cada besos además porque así no veo tu cara de gozo y evito morir de la risa Valen rio y le pego en el brazo no cabía duda que pía era su alma gemela, como había perdido tanto tiempo en tonterías se preguntaba cada que estaban juntas de esa forma Valen: ¿aun quieres la medicina? Pía: la verdad que si Pía se recostó en el brazo izquierdo de valentina y esta le hacia piojito y de vez en cuando dejaba un beso sobre la cabeza de la morena, que linda era pía cuando dormía, cuando se despertaba, cuando acaba de bañarse, después de hacer ejercicio, cuando le decía que la amaba simplemente era hermosa en cualquier momento del día o de la noche, estaba perdida e inconfundiblemente enamorada de la mujer que ahora dormía en su brazo y por mas raro que sonara que bien se sentía estar así, el amor de pía la hacia valiente, segura, vulnerable, la hacia volar y estar de pie, estar enamorada de pía era lo mejor que le había pasado en su vida. Observo un rato más a pía hasta que el cansancio también la venció y fue cuando tuvo el más maravilloso y extraño de los sueños. Dormía junto a pía plácidamente disfrutando del contacto que era estar así de serca cuando de pronto su sueño se vio turbado por dos pequeños remolinos una niña y un niño de 4 años d para ser más claros por sus hijos Paolo y Valeria que saltaban sobre ellas para que bajaran abrir los regalos que había dejado santa bajo el árbol Paolo: anda mamá (empujando a pía) despieta Valeria: (brincando sobre valentina) despieta, despieta, despieta Pía: ya estoy despierta Valeria: pero si tienes los ojos cerrados Paolo: ábrelos ya Pía los abrió poco a poco, la noche había sido muy cansada primero con eso de esperar hasta que estuvieran completamente dormidos para bajar los regalos y luego pues darle el suyo a valentina que para ser sinceros era exclusivamente para adultos sobre todo cuando esta quiso que ese regalo se prolongara hasta muy entrada la noche así que para ese momento se sentía totalmente rendida Pía: (cargando a su pequeño) ahora si ya desperté Valeria: pero mami valen no despieta esta como tonco Pía: (hablando bajito) que les parece si la atacamos con cosquillas Los dos pequeños aceptaron emocionados así que pía levanto su mano y conto hasta tres y la morena junto con sus hijos empezaron hacerle cosquillas a valentina quien se retorcía bajo las sabanas Valen: paren por favor paren Paolo: despeto, ganamos mami Pía: si ganamos denme esos cinco (chocando con sus pequeñas manitas) Valentina: pero que esa forma de despertarme Paolo y Valeria: mami nos dijo Pía: no como crees fueron ellos Valentina: pía si ellos son unos angelitos hasta creo que les están saliendo alas Ambas agarraron a un niño y les empezaron hacer cosquillas Valeria: ya no mas, ya no mas Pararon las cosquillas Paolo: los juguetes, vamos Los 4 bajaron a la sala en donde estaba un precioso árbol y donde de bajo había gran cantidad de regalos, su casa era de dos pisos 4 recamaras y un gran jardín. Valeria: cuantos regalos, corre Paolo Los niños salieron disparados asía las cajas que estaban envueltas mientras que pía no se perdía ni un segundo de lo que hacían sus hijos y lo inmortalizaba grabándolo Valen: (yendo asía ellos) esperen niños ahora les digo cuales son los de cada uno Valentina repartió los regalos y los ayudo ha abrirlos De pronto la alarma la saco de ese hermoso sueño, abrió los ojos y vio a pía dormida junto a ella se espero acostada un rato para ver si de pronto no entraban corriendo aquello preciosos morenos en su cuarto, sonrió, todo había sido solo un sueño pero que hermoso, sabia que algún día todo seria así, pía seria su preciosa esposa y tendría dos hijos, los mas hermosos y con las sonrisas mas encantadoras enmarcadas de pequeños hoyuelos, se levanto cuidadosamente de la cama para no molestar a pía. Los meses pasaron y pía ya se había recuperado casi del todo debes en cuando un pequeño malestar pero nada del otro mundo, Adela se había ido a buscar a nachito después de lo ocurrido se dio cuenta que no había mas tiempo que perder, Greta seguía en la casa recuperándose de Emiliano, Nina estaba rencontrándose y buscando el hilo de su vida, Marissa iba y venia de su casa a la casa de maca todo para cuidar a sus dos amigas, valentina le había rogado a maca que la dejara quedarse y esta había accedido sin mayores problemas y por su parte pía seguía ahí metida dado que su mama no se había aparecido ni llamado ni una sola vez. Algo que le dolía pero que aceptaba como tal, sentadas en la mesa desayunando …mi amor mi vida que bueno que ya estas mejor….entro gritando la mama de pía al mismo tiempo que la abrazaba Pía: (extrañada) ¿Qué haces aquí? …viene a ver como estabas y preguntar si ya puedes regresar a la casa Valen: no puede aun esta débil y no puede lavar trastes ni tender camas …viendo a maca… ¿eso es cierto? Maca: si además se tienen que comprar varios medicamentos para que ya se acabaron …volteando a ver a pía…hija creo que lo mejor es que te quedes viendo la situación y mi próximo viaje lo mas sensato es que pases unos meses mas aquí…viendo a maca… ¿hay algún problema? Maca: ninguno …(besándola) luego nos vemos y sino yo te hablo cuídate mucho…caminando a la salida Pía: (parándose de golpe) ¿A dónde vas a ir? …volteando a verla…por ahí con un pretendiente que conocí por internet Pía: (tomándose el costado donde estaba la herida) ¿en serio te vas así como así? …no te entiendo pía en la casa vas ha estar sola aquí las tienes a ellas Pía: me dispararon, estuve a punto de morir, no me fuiste a ver porque no te gustan los hospitales, no me has llamado ni una sola vez y ahora porque no puedo planchar no servir de criada me dejas cual perro Valentina: (acercándose a ella) tranquila te hace mal que te enojes …hazle caso a tu amiga y no te pongas así, tu me conoces ya sabes que mal me ponen los hospitales y los enfermos Pía: (alzando la voz) soy tu hija no cualquier enfermo (el enojo, al haberse parado así de rápido y el estar gritando le estaba provocando un terrible dolor de cabeza pero sobre todo en la herida) Marissa, Greta, Nina, maca y Teo también se acercaron …no entiendes hija, si me preocupé mucho y me hubiera gustado visitarte en el hospital pero tampoco estaba aquí Pía: no lo puedo creer la que no entiende nada eres tu, todo este maldito problema se dio porque le robe a maca el dinero de la casa por eso le firmo esos documentos al estúpido de kike y lo hice para que no te tuvieras que preocupa por el pago de las deudas y a ti no te importa nada y te vas de nuevo. …¿Qué quieres que haga? Que me quede junto a tu cama y te cuide, que lave los trastes y tienda tu cama o que te llore Pía: eso haría una madre, eso hizo maca pero tu no eres nada ni como amiga me quieres porque ellas (señalando a Nina, Marissa, Greta y valentina) hicieron todo lo que tu no fuiste capaz de hacer …cállate pía porque te guste o no soy tu madre Pía: vaya ocasión para acordarte, valiente madre me todo …dándole una tremenda cachetada a pía…que te callaras y si tanto quieres ahora mismo te vas conmigo Maca: usted no saca a pía de aquí y si la vuelve a tocar…. …que me van hacer Valentina: no se la va acabar La cachetada le había volteado asía la derecha la cara a pía pero a pesar del dolor en ningún momento se la sobo, cerro los ojos, respiro profundo y se dedico a escuchar lo gritos que propinaban todo en la sala y la voz de su mama jurando que la sacaría de ahí aunque le costara la vida Pía: mejor vete mama, lo único que hago es darte problemas vete de viaje y disfruta tu vida, yo me quedo y si algún día has sentido algo de cariño por mi no me busques mas ni te atrevas a sacarme …pero….pero yo te quiero Pía: por eso déjame aquí y vete olvídate de mi, ahora ya estas soltera para vivir tu vida a tu gusto …pía… Pía: (dándole una sonrisa) ya no tienes hija… (Dándole un beso) cuídate mucho Pía camino asía la sala porque llegar a su recama seria un esfuerzo que estaba segura que no lograría, se sentó, cerro los ojos y escucho como la puerta se serraba, ahí partía su mama, en ese momento se sintió tan sola que las lagrimas caían por su rostro sin que nadie ni nada pudieran contenerlas.[Chapter 9] gracias a todas por su apoyo y les pido una disculpa por no haber actualizado pronto pero es que estuve enferma pero promento ponerme al corriente. cuidense y espero les guste el cap Como era posible que su mamá se comportara de esa manera con ella, nunca había sido especialmente cariñosa no recordaba que alguna vez le dijera que la quería o aun mejor que se lo demostrara, pero esta vez se había pasado bueno se había pasado desde que la dejo con los tratantes de blancas y no lucho por buscarla o mucho mejor no se cercioro antes de que esas personas eran buenas. Ahora había estado a un paso de la muerte ni siquiera así se le había ablandado el corazón y la había ido a ver, pía suspiro, un suspiro tan fuerte y cargado de tanto dolor y amargura que le dolió soltarlo, la verdad era que le dolía todo, el cabello los ojos, la cabeza, el alma, la herida necesitaba que le doliera todo físicamente para poder justificarse el sentirse tan mal, el llorar, quería sentir eso para no abrigar que su verdadero dolor venia de mas adentro. Las chicas, maca y Teo llegaron a su lado, valentina la abrazo pero pía ni se movió estaba ahí inmóvil en aquel sillón, tratando de controlar la tormenta que sentía dentro, tenia miedo de abrir los ojos y ver su realidad, tenia miedo de que no pudiera para de llorar, las demás no se movieron de su lado, velen no dejo de abrazarla hasta que después de un rato abrió los ojos Valen: estas…bien Pía: (viendo a valentina) lo estaré, claro que si El tiempo paso demasiado rápido para todos, pía no tenia donde vivir así que Nina la cual no quería regresar con su mamá la invito a vivir con ella y con Greta en un departamento cerca de la casa de valen, todo iba bien entre ellas mejor que bien a decir verdad se habían acoplado bastante bien. Un año completo desde la tragedia y Adela ya vivía con nachito, Greta se había puesto a estudiar administración de empresas, Nina había regresado a cantar de la mano de Marissa que seguía siendo su fan, pía al haber perdido mas de dos años de prepa tuvo que estudiar la prepa abierta y valentina hacia lo que mas le gustaba hacer…música. La relación pía valen era buena mejor que buena se amaban muchísimo, se tenían tanta confianza que valentina pasaba varias noches en el departamento de las chicas, pero había algo que no cuadraba y era que a pesar de todo ni una sola vez había pasado de caricias y de dormir abrazadas sin hacer mas y eso ya no le bastaba a la pelirroja, nunca había estado con nadie pero lo que pía le hacia sentir era algo que muchas veces no podía controlar, todos sus sentidos saltaban y su piel, su cabeza pedían mas pero su amorcito siempre paraba antes de ir mas haya. En un principio valentina agradeció a pía todas esas veces que paraba a tiempo ya que estaba segura que no podría llegar mas lejos y se sentía tan bien de estar con alguien que supiera mejor que ella lo que en verdad quería, que la conociera tan profundamente que antes de que ella pudiera expresar sus miedos pía ya los adivinara, pero ahora ya dudaba si pía en verdad la quería o no era lo suficientemente bonita para ella o tal vez no le provocaba nada, todas esas dudas la atormentaban pero tenia miedo de preguntar mejor dicho a la respuesta. Pía había recuperado su casa su mama en acto de bondad absoluta se la había dejado cuando se fue del país como la esposa de un empresario de poca monta pero feliz de salir de su medio y como ultimo acto de cariño le dejo la casa a pía la cual después de que hablaran mucho con ella decidió que lo mejor era rentarla así que junto con todas la fueron arreglar para que quedara lo mejor posible, pero antes quería celebrar ahí el primer año con valentina así que preparo todo para que esa noche fuera la mejor de sus vidas. Valentina llego temprano muy nerviosa por estar con pía pero contenta de lo vivido, llevaba un vestido negro corto, de espala descubierta y arriba de la rodilla toco y le abrí una pía enfundada en un vestido blanco largo y de un corte que le quedaba de maravilla que hasta se quedo sin aliento Valen: te ves hermosísima Pía: tu te ves aun mejor (tomando su mano) pero pasa no te quedes ahí Ambas pasaron a la casa donde valentina vio una casa preparada para ella llena de flores, globos y algunas velas Valen: wau esta todo hermoso Pía: lo que tu te mereces princesa Valen: gracias pero esto es mas de lo que merezco Pía: no lo creo mi amor, pero mejor siéntate ahora traigo la comida Valentina se sentó y pía salió de la cocina con la comida que consistía en una pizza Pía: para conmemorar la primera cita Valen: ¿la primera cita? Pía: bueno la primera vez que viniste a mi casa trajiste contigo una pizza y para mi es fue la primera cita ya que estábamos completamente solas Valen: ya lo recuerdo…y tu lo arruinaste con tus celos Pía: ya lo se pero…bueno había muchas cosas que me hacían sentir insegura Valen: Ana Pía: no exactamente ella, yo tengo celos hasta del aire y solo le puse cara y nombre a lo que me hacia tan insegura. Valen: ella era solo mi amiga Pía: lo se mi amor pero…. En esa época no estaba segura de eso bueno no estaba segura de nada. Además tu la querías mucho y cuando te hablaba te olvidabas del mundo Valen: aun la quiero y siempre la quedre como mi mejor amiga pero tu siempre serás mi amor, mi único gran amor Pía: y tu el mío Esa fue la primera y ultima vez que hablaron de Ana, era un tema que le dolía ambas por diferentes motivos así que nunca mas volvieron a mencionarla, la cena siguió entre una charla menos densa y mas relajada. Los besos y los mimos iban y venían desde que estaban en el comedor hasta cuando pasaron a la sala, Valen: (tomando la cara de pía y viendo amorosamente) te amo Pía: (viéndola a los ojos) no mas que yo Pía se acerco a ella para darle un suave beso pero como siempre pasaba valentina los volvía intensos casi desesperados, sus manos vagaban por el cuerpo de la otra sin dejar de escanear cada rincón, de pronto pía paro; no podía ser posible valentina estaba que no podía no comprendía porque de nuevo había parado Valen: (molesta) ¿pero que demonios haces? Quiero estar contigo y siempre que estamos a punto de hacer…..¿por que paras?...¿no soy suficiente para ti, soy fea? Pía la miro divertida ante las incoherencias que decía su valentina Valentina aun mas enojada- esto no es gracioso pía sino me quieres dímelo Pía se acerco a valentina que se había parado le tomo la mano y la llevo a la recamara Valentina: yo no tengo sueño…..quiero dormir contigo pero no así…si tienes…. Valentina dejo de hablar cuando entro al cuarto de pía se sorprendió hasta las lagrimas cuando vio que ahí había mas velas, una cama con un edredón blanco sobre el cual había un corazón formado con pétalos de rosas y en medio las letras p y v y de fondo podía escuchar la canción que pía había puesto en el momento de entrar, entrégate de Luis miguel Pía: pare porque no quería que nuestra primera vez fuera en un sillón además tu te mereces que esta noche sea la mejor. Pía se acerco a darle un beso suave pero valentina intentaba hacerlo voraz Pía: no hay prisa mi vida tómalo con calma….cierra lo ojos. De nuevo la beso esta vez fue ella la que llevo el ritmo y poco a poco llegaron a la cama, cayeron ambas en ella en medio de besos y caricias….poco a poco se fueron despojando de los vestidos y de la pena, la canción decía todo lo que ambas pensaban Cómo te atreves a mirarme así a ser tan bella y encima ¿sonreír? Pía sentía sonreír a valentina entre besos Mía, hoy serás mía por fin cierra los ojos déjate querer quiero llevarte al valle del placer. Las caricias no daban tregua, los besos iba de mas a menos y regresaban todo subía de tono y regresaba a ser mas que pasión. Mía, hoy serás mía lo sé déjame robar el gran secreto de tu piel déjate llevar por tus instintos de mujer entrégate. Por fin valentina seria suya como ella ya lo era de su pelirroja. Aún no te siento deja que tu cuerpo se acostumbre a mi calor entrégate mi prisionera la pasión no espera y yo no puedo más de amor. Los nervios de valentina la llevaban a ponerse de pronto tensa entre los brazos y desnudes de pía. Abre los ojos no me hagas sufrir no te das cuenta que tengo sed de ti. Pía sabía que siempre traicionaban los nervios y la pena de pronto surgía así como el querer hacer las cosas bien. Mía, hoy serás mía por fin déjame besar el brillo de tu desnudez déjame llegar a ese rincón que yo soñé. Los besos de pía bajaron y sus manos pasaron por cada rincón del cuerpo de su amada tratando de relajarla algo que consiguió casi sin esfuerzo. Pía y valentina se entregaron esa noche de la manera mas amorosa y dulce, la pelirroja se sentía extasiada si bien en un principio estaba nerviosa y torpe la ternura y delicadeza que pía le había dado le había provocado una calma tan grande que ahora no tenia la menor duda que amaba a pía mas que a la propia vida y que su morena como siempre había esperado hasta el mejor momento. Valentina veía dormir a pía, soltó un suspiro le planto un beso en los labios y se acomodo en el pecho de su amada, la desnudez ya no le causaba pena ya no le importaba sentir a pía así de cerca ya que después de todo desde ese momento ya eran una.[Chapter 10] La desnudes es simplemente el ultimo paso que hay entre es simple deseo y el poder de amar, es que tu piel y su piel se vuelvan una es simplemente saber que al final es tuya tanto como tu lo eres de ella. Eso pensaba pía mientras veía dormir a valentina, no era la primera vez que lo hacia pero si era diferente porque esta vez dormía sobre su pecho desnudo y porque ella también lo estaba, era diferente porque no huiría, porque esta vez era solo suya y de su cuenta corría que así fuera siempre. Que rico era despertar en los brazos de pía, bueno era rico todo en los brazos de pía por fin todos sus sentimientos se habían desbordado y habían encontrado el puerto donde toda ella podría ser y sentirse amada. Valen: desde ase cuanto estas despierta Pía: mmm creo que desde ase varias horas Valen: y eso porque Pía: tus ronquidos no me dejaban seguir durmiendo y estaba pesando como hacerte callar Valentina se separo de ella con brusquedad-yo no ronco-. Pía: ¿Por qué tan segura de eso? Te has escuchado acaso Valen: no pero…estoy segura que no ronco Pía: si tu lo dices Dándole un almohadazo—cállate—. Entre juego y juego pía acabo arriba de valentina. Pía: (viéndola a los ojos) gracias por lo de anoche Valen: gracias a ti, me regalaste lo mejor que he vivido en toda mi vida. Mi primera vez. Pía: y la mía Valen: ¿Cómo que la tuya? Yo estaba muy nerviosa…. ¿lo hice bien? Te juro que voy a mejorar Pía sonrió de lado—claro que fue mi primera vez, la primera vez que hecho el amor—separándose de valentina y sentándose—es cierto que tuve cientos de veces sexo, tantas que perdí la cuenta pero ni una sola vez sentí lo que anoche con solo rosarme tu me hiciste sentir lo que nadie hizo mientras estuve cautiva—viendo a valentina—no estoy orgullosa de lo que hice ahí esta mi pasado y comprendo tu inseguridad pero ten por seguro que eres solo tu la que puede provocar que mi corazón se detenga y al mismo tiempo lata tan desbocadamente que parece que en cualquier momento voy a morir y no me importa si muero así entre tus brazos y créeme que lo hiciste bastatante bien—sonrisa picara Valen: siento que recordaras cosas de tu pasado pero nada de lo que paso fue tu culpa—tomando su cara en las manos—no tienes porque arrepentirte nada porque a pesar de ser tan horrible todo lo que viviste te trajo a mi, no creas que me alegro de la forma en que el destino te puso en mis manos si pudiera daría mi vida para que nada de lo que paso hubiera pasado—besándola—te amo pía y no sabes que alegría me da que yo fuera tu primera…. Pía: y la ultima ten lo por seguro Valentina sonrió—claro que estoy segura de eso no creas que vas librarte de mí tan fácilmente. Se besaron y se amaron de nuevo esa mañana, pía se despertó pasadas las tres de la tarde no tanto porque quisiera sino mas porque su estomago pedía ha grito algo de comer y como siempre su pelirroja seguí durmiendo plácidamente boca abajo con la sabana tapando solo la parte inferior de su cuerpo, \"que bella espalda\" pensó pía. Ya en la cocina la morena preparo algo así como el desayuno-comida cuando acabo de hacerlo llevo todo a la recamara para que su amada también recuperara fuerza. Pía: mi amor despierta Valentina apenas se movía Pía la movió un poco—despierta dormilona-. Valentina seguía sin dar señales de vida así que opto por empezar a depositar pequeños besos sobre su espalda esto hizo que de pronto la pelirroja volviera a la vida de inmediato—mmm que rico— Pía: despierta para que comas algo Valen: mejor sigue con la sesión de besos Pía: no Valen: creo que aun no despierto bien Pía se rio y se paro para ir por la comida valentina voltio a ver a su morena Valen: no es justo Pía: ¿Qué? Valen: estas vestida eso no se vale Pía: claro que estoy vestida o acaso piensas que estaría cocinando desnuda Valen: esa no seria mala idea Pía: no seas mensa—acercándose a besarla— Valentina: ojala siempre despertara así Pía: ¿con besos en la espalda? Valen: no, yo decía con el desayuno en la cama Pasaron toda la tarde juntas, se divirtieron se amaron, jugaron y platicaron pero valentina tenia que regresar a su casa así que pía la acompaño hasta la puerta ya pasadas las 9 de la noche Valen: gracias es tan caballerosa Pía rio—de nada— Valentina: fueron increíbles estos días contigo Pía: lo se porque también lo fueron para mi Valen: no quieres quedarte es muy tarde para que te vayas sola Pía: no te preocupes estoy a unas cuadras no me va ha pasar nada además es mas probable que me mate tu mama o tu hermana así que mejor evitemos eso Valen: tienes mas razón es mas seguro que regrese caminando a tu casa a estas horas Se despidieron con un beso que por un momento pareció que se haría eterno Valen: vete con cuidado y cuando llegues me llamas Pía: si mama Valentina frunció el seño—no me digas así— Los días pasaron y las niña estaban cada vez mas unidas y la relación con las otras locas era muy buena al final cada una había encontrado la familia que tanto buscaban aunque eso también incluía peleas y debes en cuando mentadas de madre pero eso siempre sucede entre hermanas. La familia de valentina a pesar de todo no aceptaba la relación abierta y aceptada entre su hija y pía, así que por lo general la morena no se presentaba en la casa de su amor a menos que fuera extremadamente necesario así evitaba que ocurriera alguna escena inconveniente con valen. Todo sucedía tan rápido y tan natural que fue obvio cuando Nina siguió con su carrera de cantante y que a los pocos años se enamorara de un fotógrafo con el cual poco tiempo después se fuera a vivir con el que Marissa se volviera su manager y que esta se casara con fatu al paso de los años o que Greta en la carrera de administración se rencontrara con un amigo de la familia del cual se enamoro y lo de ellos también llego a final feliz, incluso que Adela a pesar de sus peleas y reconciliaciones con nachito acabara embarazándose para posteriormente casarse con su adorable tormento y que para colmo años después se dedicara a la política. Pía estudio derecho y se dedicaba ayudar a niñas que como ella estuvieran pasándola tan mal como ella la paso años antes además de pertenecer a una de las firmas mas importantes de abogados Paternain-Montolla y valentina se dedico hacer música junto con Axel y piti creo una banda que llego a tener bastante éxito. Para ese momento ya vivían juntas con el respectivo castigo de que la familia de valen se alejo de ella completamente, sus amigas ya estaban casadas y con hijos o apunto de tenerlos, estaban muy contentas como estaban, todo estaba en su lugar por fin pero como siempre algo faltaba algo que avalara los años que tenían juntas, algo que simplemente le demostrara al mundo que cada una tenia dueña así que pía pensó que era el momento….. Una noche pía invito a todos a uno de los restaurantes mas caros de la ciudad para celebrar que ella y nachito habían ganado uno de los casos mas difíciles bueno al menos eso es lo que todos pensaban. Pía: chicos les agradezco a todo por venir a celebrar junto conmigo y nacho este triunfo Todos aplaudieron y brindaron Pía: ustedes saben que son mi familia y que nunca ha habido un secreto entre nosotros así que creo que no puedo ocultar mas esto, todos sabes la historia mía y de valentina no ha sido fácil hemos tenido varios tropiezos y nos hemos lastimado tanto y muchas veces por eso creo que la etapa de noviazgo y de vivir juntas ha terminado Valentina y todos se quedaron mudos acaso estaba terminando con ella, era imposible Pía: nunca me imagine una familia, nunca me creí merecedora de pensar si quiera en tener hijos y casarme pero cuando te vi valentina supe que si algún día pasaba eso seria contigo, imagine a mis hijos con tus ojos, tu sonrisa y tu voz pero sobre todo me vi a los 80 años contigo de la mano…..por favor hazme el honor de ser tu esposa cásate conmigo Valentina sonrió y respiro después del susto Valen: claro que acepto casarme contigo, Celebraron toda la noche junto con su nueva familia bebieron y cantaron cuando llegaron a su casa Valen: quien va a llevar el vestido Pía: no se y no me importa mientras te cases conmigo Se besaron apasionadamente Pía: te amo Valen: no mas que yo[Chapter 11] A los tres meses de la propuesta dos mujeres se preparaban para el mejor día de sus vidas, se casarían por el civil y después tendrían una ceremonia simbólica en el jardín de una hermosa casa que había sido alquilada para gran ocasión, asistirían solo las personas mas cercanas a la pareja es decir irían solamente 35 invitados entre los que se encontraban las otras chicas junto con sus parejas e hijos las que ya los tenían, Piti y Axel con sus novias y otros amigos que habían conocido durante el trayecto de aquellos años los únicos que faltarían serian la mama de pía y la familia de valentina, estos últimos a pesar de medio aceptar la relación cuando les dijo que se casaban no pudieron mas y le dieron a escoger entre una vida de pecado y una vida con su familia y con un amor de acuerdo a lo que la sociedad marcaba, no tardo ni una milésima de segundo en tomar la decisión, esa fue la ultima vez que los vio. Pía por otro lado después de que su mama se fue no volvió a saber nada de ella a pesar de que tiempo después la busco. Por fin había llegado el día, por fin un papel que poco importaba en su amor le haría saber a la sociedad que a pesar de todo y de todos eran una pareja reconocida y avalada ante la ley, que al final de todo era lo que menos les preocupa su amor avalaba todo lo que ya tenían. Se vistieron en diferentes habitaciones para preservar la tradición de no ver a la novia antes de la boda y así no atraer a la mala suerte pero mas que nada para poder estar expectantes de cómo se vestiría la otra. Los invitados llegaron uno a uno y la hora y los minutos que separaban el inicio de una vida llena de diferentes pero similares anhelos estaba a punto de llegar, el juez hizo su aparición en punto de las 3 de la tarde y fue entonces que las novias por fin se vieron, ambas habían escogido vestidos blancos, el de valentina era sin hombros, un centímetro debajo de la rodilla, ajustado arriba y con vuelo en la falda y unas zapatillas del mismo tono de unos 8 centímetros, calados y con plataforma, el vestido de pía era simplemente así. Cuando se vieron quedaron sorprendidas al ver la belleza de su futura esposa, no había mujer mas bella que la que estaba enfrente de la otra, al menos para ellas y seguramente para los presentes, la boda civil se llevo acabo y los testigos de ambas fueron sus amigas y los tres mosqueteros. Cuando finalizo un amigo de ellas que era pastor les dio la bendición, era importante para ellas que se las dieran, no por ir en contra de la sociedad o por retar simplemente era saber que sin importar que pensara la gente, los curas, sacerdotes, rabinos y demás Dios no podía despreciar ni sentir repulsión por un amor como el que ellas se tenían, tan puro, tan limpio, tan total, con todo lo que eran, un amor así no era pecado ni estaba mal al contrario si el mundo se amara como ellas se amaban seguramente todo seria mas feliz. El pastor dijo algunas palabras y llego el momento de intercambiar promesas y anillos. Valen: wau, pase toda la noche tratando de encontrar las palabras exactas que decir en este momento y no pude encontrar ninguna, es que todas se quedan cortas o no expresan lo que en verdad siento y quiero, lo mucho que te amo y lo agradecida que estoy con la vida por haber puesto en mi camino a un ser tan hermoso, perfecto, bondadoso, hermoso y….te amo pía, te amo tanto que no se si me alcance la vida para poder amarte como te mereces, y como mi corazón me pide—tomando un anillo y poniéndolo en el dedo anular de la mano izquierda de pía—con este anillo te prometo que estaré contigo hasta el final de mis días, que voy a cuidarte de esta relación que nos a llevado que me ha llevado a vivir lo mejor de la vida y te prometo que nunca habrá nadie que te ame como yo te amo. Pía: sonriéndole y tomando su mano izquierda entre las suyas—tengo que confesar que siempre supe que acabaríamos así desde esa tarde que te vi en la casa de maca con tu guitarra por mi mente paso una escena y era que tu serias mía, no me importan las leyes divinas o de los hombres porque debo decirte que siempre he sido tuya, no tengo que firma un papel para poder entregarte mi alma ni tengo que jurarte ante nadie lo que te prometo que hare de hoy en adelante porque cuando te vi a los ojos por primera vez me adelante a todo y te di todo lo que era. No se si la vida, el destino o dios se ensañaron con migo para poder después darme la mejor de las recompensas y créeme que viviría mil veces lo mismo si me garantizan que después estaría una eternidad contigo. Antes de conocerte había abandonado la idea de boda y de hijos, simplemente me sabia que jamás tendria una familia pero de pronto tu trajiste todos esos sueños contigo y me dieron una familia de 4 locas, tres mosqueteros y dos madres sustitutas y de pronto fui tan feliz que el olvide mi pasado. Con este anillo te prometo que te amare todos los días un poco mas, te prometo que nos cuidare para poder gozar la vida de la mejor manera posible, te prometo mi vida, mis alegrías y mis triunfos para que me regales una sonrisa, te prometo un pedazo de cielo y mi corazón completo, te prometo ser tu amiga, tu esposa, tu amante y tu compañera y te prometo que nadie en este mundo va amarte con esta intensidad, con esta calma, con esta paz, con esta premura con esta alma como te amo yo. Pía le puso el anillo y después se fundieron en un tierno beso. La fiesta comenzó todos bailaban, comían y bebían, eran tan felices que el mundo se podía caer y no importaría Pía: ¿estas feliz? Valen: como te atreves siquiera a preguntarme eso, soy muy feliz lo he sido desde que estoy contigo. Pía: te amo Valen: yo también Todos se juntaron en la pista de baile bailarían su primera canción calmada como esposas, ambas se encontraban agarradas de la mano y cuando estaba a punto de empezar la música Pía: esperen—separándose de valentina y tomando el micrófono—mi esposa y yo íbamos a bailar No one cant take you away from me now a pesar de ser una muy hermosa canción quiero darle una sorpresa a mi mujer así que le pedí a un gran amigo mío que me ayudara ha escribir una hermosa canción que demostrara todo lo que siento por ellas así que les presento ha Mario Guerreo y la canción te amare—regreso asía donde estaba su pelirroja y la tomo entre sus brazos—espero te guste Los acordes comenzaron: No existe en la tierra algo semejante nada se compara un beso tuyo hacerme capaz de sentir mi sangre hacerme sentir que soy de carne. No existen fronteras que me detengan un centenar de hombres pueden con esta fuerza lo que llevo a qui dentro es mi verdad nada en este mundo te puede cambiar Y voy contigo a donde me quieras llevar voy contigo no temo si tu vas Te amare por el resto de mis días te amare deja que hablen nuestros cuerpos te amare en esta vida o en otra te amare te amo por lo que eres y por lo que soy junto a ti. Eres tu lo que quiero cada día si te sueltas de mi mano creo que moriría juro que por siempre cuidare por ti me muero si te pierdo, si me alejan de ti Y voy contigo a donde me quieras llevar voy contigo no temo si tu vas Te amare por el resto de mis días te amare deja que hablen nuestros cuerpos te amare en esta vida o en otra te amare te amo por lo que eres y por lo que soy junto a ti. junto a ti. Valentina no pudo resistir y empezó a llorar—es una hermosa canción te amo—beso a pía Pía: creo que me quede corta pero lo hice en un rato libre Valen: payasa La fiesta siguió hasta muy entrada la mañana del siguiente día, todos bailaron hasta que ya no pudieron mas, todos se fueron y ellas se quedaron al ultimo Pía: es una hermosa casa Velen: muy hermosa y perfecta para una nueva familia ojala la vendieran Pía: ¿así, por que? Valen: pues imagínate a ti, a mi y a nuestros 8 hijos viviendo aquí Pía: ¿ocho hijos? Donde los vamos a meter a todos solo son 4 recamaras Valen: pues mandamos a construir mas o les compramos literas, los acomodamos en el patio en casitas de campaña Pía: puede ser, me agrada que mis hijos duerman al aire libre Valen: tendremos que buscar una casa así Pía: ¿tanto te gusta? Valen: mas que tu Pía: ¿con que mas que yo?—haciéndole cosquillas—vuelve a repetirlo Valen: corriendo lejos de ella—mas que tu, mas que tu— Pía corrió tras ella y la atrapo entre ella y la puerta de la cocina—que bueno que te guste esta casa mas que yo ojala te de los besos que te gustan—dándole un beso que hizo que valentina perdiera el aire, se quedo unos momentos con lo ojos cerrados a pesar de que pía ya se había separado de ella y cuando los abrió enfrente estaban unas llaves –y eso Pía: como me imagine que esta casa seria con la única que me serias infiel pues decidí que te daría el gusto de tenerla Valen: ¿es enserio? Pía: no la verdad es que solo compre las llaves Valen se abrazo a su cuello y la empezó a llenar de besos—te amo, te amo Pía: que convenenciera eres, pero te amo Cuatro años habían pasado desde la boda y la vida de las niñas que para ese momento ya no lo eran había cambiado demasiado tenían 2 hijos y una niña, el camino no había sido fácil pasaron varias pruebas, varias lagartonas, envidias y necesitaron de mucha paciencia pero ahora eran felices mas de lo que se habían imaginado, se preparaban para recibir a su familia es decir a las chicas, a los chicos, maca y Teo con sus respectivas familias, la navidad en su casa era día de fiesta a tal grado que pasaban dos días preparando todo para que sus invitados disfrutaran el día pero sobre todo para que su hijo de 6 y los cuates de 4 años se la pasaran espectacular. Bruno: mami—dirigiéndose a pía apúrate a poner la mesa mis tíos y mis primos no tardan en llegar Pía: si me ayudaras acabaría antes pero no solo te la pasas apurándome Bruno: hay mama yo superviso que mama vista bien a Paulo y Valeria Pía: que bueno mi vida eso si es una tarea delicada En punto de las nueve de la noche los invitados llegaron y la familia Montoya rubiales apenas había podido terminar a tiempo de arreglarse entre la cena y los niños que corrían por todas partes eso había sido imposible. Se sentaron a la mesa y brindaron en familia aquella que habían constituido hace ya varios años en una casa en la que parecía imposible que se encontraran amigos y mucho menos una familia, los niños corrían, ellos platicaban y alguien lloraba por alguna caída. Pía y valentina salieron al jardín un momento Pía: al fin un poco de paz Valen: aprovéchala no va a durar mucho de seguro Bruno en unos minutos llora porque no te ve Pía sonrió—brindo por ti amor Valentina—chocando su copa—por nuestra familia Pía: por nuestra vida. Valentina: por lo que es Pía: por lo que quería que fuera Ambas se besaron apasionadamente cuando de pronto se escucho el llanto de la pequeña Valen: te llama tu hija Pía: también es tuya además yo la cargue nueve meses así que te toca verla ahora Valentina entro y cargo a sui hija mientras pía veía desde afuera lo afortunada que era por tener todo lo que tenia una hermosa esposa, hijos lindos y hermanos y hermanas poco convencionales, sonrió porque la vida y dios le habían dado la oportunidad de quedarse y disfrutar la vida como se debe. Se toco la cicatriz que había quedado como recordatorio de lo cerca que estuvo de perderlo todo y del momento en que el amor de su vida fue capaz de vencer miedos y ataduras para que se pudieran amar, no cabía la menor duda era feliz tanto que a veces se olvidaba de su pasado y de las cicatrices y era tan plena que por fin comprendió que la vida se rige por momentos y por eternidades solo hay que saber en que lugar poner la tristeza y la alegría y que la vida no es mas que un aprendizaje en la que había encontrado su alma gemela y la había atado a su destino y a su suerte, recordó el poema de Borges y mientras se acercaba lo empezó a recitar y en silencio encontró sentido a cada letra y pequeña frase. APRENDIENDO Después de un tiempo, uno aprende la sutil diferencia ...entre sostener una mano y encadenar un alma, y uno aprende que el amor no significa acostarse y una compañía no significa seguridad, y uno empieza a aprender... Que los besos no son contratos y los regalos no son promesas, y uno empieza a aceptar sus derrotas con la cabeza alta y los ojos abiertos, y uno aprende a construir todos sus caminos en el hoy, porque el terreno de mañana es demasiado inseguro para planes... y los futuros tienen una forma de caerse en la mitad. Y después de un tiempo uno aprende que si es demasiado, hasta el calor del sol quema. Así que uno planta su propio jardín y decora su propia alma, en lugar de esperar a que alguien le traiga flores. Y uno aprende que realmente puede aguantar, que uno realmente es fuerte, que uno realmente vale, y uno aprende. Y aprende... y con cada día aprende. Con el tiempo aprendes que estar con alguien porque te ofrece un buen futuro significa que tarde o temprano querrás volver a tu pasado. Con el tiempo comprendes que sólo quien es capaz de amarte con tus defectos, sin pretender cambiarte, puede brindarte toda la felicidad que deseas. Con el tiempo te das cuenta de que si estás al lado de esa persona sólo por acompañar tu soledad, irremediablemente acabarás no deseando volver a verla. Con el tiempo entiendes que los verdaderos amigos son contados, y que el que no lucha por ellos tarde o temprano se verá rodeado sólo de amistades falsas. Con el tiempo aprendes que las palabras dichas en un momento de ira pueden seguir lastimando a quien heriste, durante toda la vida. Con el tiempo aprendes que disculpar lo hace cualquiera, pero perdonar es sólo de almas grandes. Con el tiempo comprendes que aunque seas feliz con tus amigos, algún día llorarás por aquellos que dejaste ir. Con el tiempo te das cuenta de que cada experiencia vivida con cada persona es irrepetible. Con el tiempo te das cuenta de que el que humilla o desprecia a un ser humano, tarde o temprano sufrirá las mismas humillaciones o desprecios multiplicados al cuadrado. Con el tiempo aprendes a construir todos tus caminos en el hoy, porque el terreno del mañana es demasiado incierto para hacer planes. Con el tiempo comprendes que apresurar las cosas o forzarlas a que pasen ocasionará que al final no sean como esperabas. Con el tiempo te das cuenta de que en realidad lo mejor no era el futuro, sino el momento que estabas viviendo justo en ese instante. Con el tiempo verás que aunque seas feliz con los que están a tu lado, añorarás terriblemente a los que ayer estaban contigo y ahora se han marchado. Con el tiempo aprenderás que intentar perdonar o pedir perdón, decir que amas, decir que extrañas, decir que necesitas, decir que quieres ser amigo, ante una tumba, ya no tiene sentido. Pero desafortunadamente, solo con el tiempo... Aprovecha tu tiempo, es muy escaso... Beso a su esposa y a sus hijos—mami te queremos dijo el pequeño Paulo, pía sonrió y cargo. No le importaba lo que se viniera estaba segura que podía sortear cualquier cosa sin importar el costo. FIN ","Summary":" Titulo: Lo que quiero que sea Clasificación: K+ Genero: Drama Los personajes de niñas mal no son de"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Sin Caer","Author":"RiotIs","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6566010","Passage":"[Chapter 1] La historia empieza después de que Nina trata de quemar la casa, cuando se dan el segundo beso :) Cuando entre a esta casa nunca pensa que 5 diferentes chicas, con las cuales llegaría a tener tantas cosas en comun, cambiarían mi vida, en especial una... Los días pasaron, días de corajes, enojos, peleas y gritos, pero ante todo se que podía contar con una persona, con Pía. Nuestra relación empezó tan rápidamente, la química fluyó probablemente desde que nos miramos a los ojos, porque en ella vi a una persona confiable, que me entendería y que no me juzgaría, vi que al igual q ella me podía ayudar, yo la podía ayudar a ella. La primera noche en esa casa fue la primera noche en la que aprendí a sentir. Todo comenzó en esa noche en la que entro a mi cuarto llorando, no sabia que hacer pero sabia que quería hacer, quería consolarla y protegerla y decirle que ahora que estoy aquí encontrara en mi alguien que cuidaría de ella no importa que sucediera. Después de esa noche lo único en lo que pensé fue en ella, en conocer su historia, en acercarme en ella y lo mas importante en hacerla feliz. La vida da muchas vueltas y la vida me trajo aquí, a conocer a Adela, Nina, Greta, Marissa y en especial a Pía. Tuvimos momentos muy difíciles, el enterarme de todo lo que Pía tuvo que sufrir fue desgarrante, no quería nada mas que matar a cualquier persona que le pudo haber hecho daño, a mi Pía nadie puede ni debía tocarla, la rabia me consumía, la vida era un asco al permitir que tan hermosa persona sufriera tal porquería de situación. Y después de eso, no se como paso pero paso, se acerco a mi, vi sus ojos brillar y mi estomago dio como mil vueltas y no podía controlar los latidos de mi corazón, la sentía acercarse cada vez mas y mas y con desesperación quería probar esos adorables labios y sucedió, nos besamos y el mundo se detuvo. Sentía mariposas revoloteando por todas partes, sus labios eran suaves y se movían perfectamente con los míos, esto era indescriptible, lo que sentí por ella en ese momento supero todo lo que alguna vez pensé que sentiría por una persona. Millones de cosas pasaron después, dramas y dramas que no conviene ponerse a narrar, lo único que yo quería era una oportunidad para poder besarla otravez, quien pensaba que ese día seria hoy... Lo de Nina me había pegado duro, muy duro, después de la muerte de Ana, todo era mas claro, había que disfrutar la vida no importa que viniera, lo cual a la vez me puso muy triste, ya que se que Ana daría lo que fuera por tener una oportunidad para vivir y sin quererlo mis lagrimas empezaron a caer de nuevo, malditas lagrimas que no han dejado de caer desde su muerte. Creo que pía lo noto porque lentamente vino a mi cama y me abrazo, me recarge en sus brazos y agarre suavemente su mano, con ella todo era tan seguro y tan cómodo, me sentía en paz. \"No estas sola sabes?\" ella me dijo mientras pasaba sus manos por mi cabello. \"Yo se\" claro q lo sabia, sabia que ella estaría conmigo siempre. Después de ciertas palabras retomamos nuestra conversación acerca de los lugares a los que huiríamos juntas y a mi tontamente se me ocurrió decir... \"Transilvania\" yo dije y ella rio, sabia que se iba a reír, pero no me molestaba, su risa es hermosa, después de derramar tanta lagrima, el hecho de que pueda hacerla reír me encanta, ella me encanta. \"perdón, perdón\" ella dijo mientras reia todavía y se sentó en la cama \"esta bien nos podemos ir a Transilvania, podemos ir a que nos muerdan el cuello y que nos hagan inmortales para que no nos muramos nunca\" ella dijo mientras yo la observaba todavía acostada en mi cama, nunca me di cuenta cuando se acerco juguetonamente a tratar de morder mi cuello. Por Dios, tenerla tan cerca era increíble, solo queria abrazarla y abrazarla y jamás dejarla ir. Pero eso era antes de que mi cuello sintiera un pequeño pinchazo. \"-Pia, pía\" dije entre risas mientras trataba de detenerla. Ella siguió riendo mientras peleábamos, moría por tocarla, por eso solo le hacia cosquillas y la empujaba. Hasta que ella cayo arriba de mi en la cama y nos vimos a los ojos y todo mi cuerpo tardo en razonar, moría por probar sus besos de nuevo, se veía lindisima, sonreía mientras me veía y lentamente se fue acercando a mis labios y en el momento que se tocaron sentí de nuevo esa sensación, mi corazón se detuvo y mi estomago dio vueltas, sus besos me encantan, porque son tan suaves, no podia dejar de besarla, quería mas y mas. De repente sentí sus labios dejar los mios y nos miramos, ella sonrió y yo automáticamente sonreí. Pase mi mano por su mejilla y la acerque hacia mi, besandola lenta y suavemente. Estaba totalmente feliz, delicadamente la voltee para que estuviera a mi lado sin dejar de besarnos. Pase mis manos por sus brazos, sus hombros y la acerque hacia mi cuerpo mientras ella acariciaba mi mejilla y pasaba sus dedos por mi cabello. Después de unos minutos nos detuvimos pero nos mantuvimos cerca. Y solamente nos miramos, ambos sonriendo. Me acerque y le di un beso en la mejilla, ella sonrió aun mas, su sonrisa me mata, estaba mas enamorada de ella que nunca. Ella puso su brazo arriba de mi cintura y me abrazo mientras bajaba su cara para recargarla en mi cuello y lentamente dejo besos en mi hombro y en mi cuello mientras yo acariciaba su cabello y dejaba pequeños besos en el y después de unos minutos nos quedamos dormidas. Podía sentir su respiración detrás de mi cuello, lenta y calma, mientras ella dormía tranquilamente yo acariciaba su mano. Por mi mente pasaron todos mis recuerdos con ella, nos divertimos tanto cuando encontramos la peluca de la agrieta, nuestro primer beso, después de que me entere de la historia de pía, se que hice mal al salir corriendo, pero en ese momento no pensé, me dio miedo y necesitaba pensar y ahora es diferente. Me voltee para ver su cara, ella debió haber sentido mis movimientos porque abrió los ojos y me sonrió nuevamente. Pase mi mano sobre su brazo y le di un beso suave en los labios. \"Duerme\" le dije, ella sonrió nuevamente y cerro los ojos con aquella sonrisa colgando de sus labios aun. Y de la misma forma dormí yo, sonriendo. Al otro día me desperté muy temprano, por primera vez la maldita alarma no me despertó, creo que es lo que mas odio de esta casa, esa alarma insoportable. Pía seguía profundamente dormida, me levante lentamente de la cama para no despertarla, me metí al baño para ducharme y cambiarme, cuando salí Pía seguía totalmente dormida, así que decidí hacerle algo especial mientras dormía, tratando de no despertarla salí del cuarto y baje a la cocina, solo Maca había despertado, quien me dijo q quería vernos a todas cuando nos levantáramos. Con eso Maca salió del cuarto y yo me quede en la cocina, nunca fui buena para cocinar así que simplemente pique un poco de fruta, serví dos vasos con jugo y los puse en una bandeja para llevarla a mi cuarto. Subir las escaleras con la bandeja fue todo un obstáculo, creo que mi balance no es nada bueno, pero finalmente llegue al cuarto y no podía creerlo pero Pía seguía dormida. Deje la bandeja en el piso y me senté en la cama esperando a que Pía despertara y porfin despertó. \"Hoy madrugaste\" ella dijo sonriendo mientras se sentaba en la cama. \"Madrugue e hize el desayuno!\" le dije y levante la bandeja del piso. \"Wow valen, ahora si te luciste\" \"No, es solo fruta picada\" dije riendo \"Perdona mis pobres habilidades de cocina\" me senté a su lado y puse la bandeja enfrente de nosotras. \"Sabes?\" pia dijo mientras recargo su cabeza en mi hombro \"Nunca nadie me había traído el desayuno a la cama\" Yo reí y le di un beso en su cabeza \"Siempre hay una primera vez para todo\" \"Gracias Valen\" Pía levanto su cabeza y me miro a los ojos \"Porque?\" le pregunte \"Por lo de anoche y por quererme tanto \" Sujete su cara con mis dos manos y toque mi frente con la suya \"Gracias a ti\" con eso me acerque y junte mis labios con los suyos. De ahora en adelante haré esto mas seguido. continuara :)[Chapter 2] yasliz: oye ojalá me llamaran haha, muchas gracias por tu review :) Aquí la continuación (: \"Pía\" dije entre besos \"Creo que ya tenemos que bajar\" Pía se alejó de mi y puso una cara de frustración \"¿Porqué?\" Se veía tan linda con su cara de desesperación, no me quedaba más que sonreír \"Maca nos esta esperando, dijo que quería vernos a todas\" Me levante de la cama y estreche mi brazo para que Pía agarrara mi mano \"Así que vámonos\" \"No quiero Valentina\" Pía se echó de nueva en la cama y puso la almohada arriba de su cabeza. \"Pía\" dije riendo \"Ya sabes como es Maca de histérica\" Pía río debajo de la almohada pero aún así se rehusó a levantarse \"Piaaaaa\" dije nuevamente y agarre sus manos para jalarla. \"Valeeen\" \"Vamos\" Jalé con suficiente fuerza sus manos para lograr que se sentará en la cama \"Mira que yo tampoco tengo tantas ganas de bajar, ya estoy hasta acá de las clasecitas sin sentido de Maca\" \"Si mas no recuerdo\" Pía empezó \"Aprendiste a bordar una flor en una toalla de mano que te quedó…\" \"-divinaaaa!\" terminé yo \"Que yo aprenda a bordar es tan imposible como para Nina es aprender a cantar\" Jalé de nuevo su mano y ahora Pía se encontraba enfrente de mí. \"Y yo creía que encontrar a alguien como tú era algo imposible\" Pía se acercó y ligeramente beso mi mejilla \"Así que nada es imposible\" dijo sonriendo. Suspiré profundamente y sonreí; claro que nada es imposible, yo creía imposible que alguien me tuviera suspirando de la forma en la que Pía me tiene haciéndolo ahorita. \"Bueno cursi\" dije sonriendo logrando que Pía se sonrojara un poco \"Es hora de enfrentar a doña Maca\" Levante su mano y le plante un beso en ella antes de jalarla para salir del cuarto. \"¿Y que crees que hagamos ahora?\" Pía me preguntó mientras bajábamos las escaleras. En ningún momento habíamos soltado nuestras manos. \"Ni idea, pero creo que somos las últimas en bajar\" En ese momento salió Adela de la cocina mordiendo una manzana. \"Vaya vaya\" Adela dijo mientras mordía su manzana \"Estamos muy felices hoy ¿no?\" Vi que discretamente guió sus ojos hacia nuestras manos que aún se encontraban agarradas. \"No lo se Adela ¿Anda Nachito por aquí?\" Le pregunté mientras volteaba la cabeza fingiendo buscar a Ignacio. \"Pff\" Adela resopló \"Yo no necesito que Ignacio este aquí para ser feliz\" \"Aja\" Pía y yo dijimos al mismo tiempo. \"Bueno, yo creo que mejor buscamos a las demás ¿no?\" Pía dijo mientras jaló de mi mano para ir al patio. \"Oye Valen\" Adela dijo y yo voltee mi cabeza para verla \"Que no te de hambre\" y con eso aventó el hueso de su manzana hacia mi cabeza; lamentablemente para ella pude quitarme a tiempo, pero lamentablemente para nosotras cayó justamente en los pies de Nina que había venido a buscarnos. \"¡AY!\" Nina gritó con su voz tan chillona que me daban ganas de meterle un trapo en la boca \"¡¿Que les pasa! Que no ven que me pude haber resbalado?\" Nina dijo indignadamente \"Saben lo horrenda que me vería con un yeso en la pierna?\" \"No te preocupes Lady Caca, yo con gusto te lo decoró con estrellitas y corazoncitos y te pintó las uñas de los pies con tal de tenerte encerrada en un cuarto\" Adela dijo sarcásticamente. Era lo bueno de vivir en esta casa, que entre Adela, Nina y Greta; Pía y yo nos moríamos de la risa con sus estupideces. \"Porque tanto grito!\" Se escucho la voz seria de Maca preguntar desde el patio \"Vengan para acá que su profesora las está esperando\" Pía y yo nos dirigíamos al patio cuando Nina paso rápidamente a lado de nosotras empujándonos a las dos. \"Oye! Si quieres te pongo la alfombra roja para ti solita\" \"Ni te apures eh Valen\" Adela dijo mientras paso a lado de nosotras \"Capaz de que la incendia\" \"AY! Ya basta!\" gritó Nina enojada \"Basta con las bromas del incendio, ya!\" \"Uff, alguien se levantó con el pie izquierdo\" dije sarcásticamente mientras Pía y yo nos parábamos en frente de la mesa del patio, la profesora se encontraba parada del otro lado de la mesa y Adela, Nina, Greta, Brenda y Marisa se encontraban a los lados. \"Muy buenos días niñas\" dijo la profesora sonriendo incómodamente; nosotras teníamos la habilidad de hacer sentir incomodas a las personas. \"Maca me pidió que viniera a enseñarles formas en las que pueden canalizar su energía, para esto traje un poco de barro con el que cada quién hará una figura…\" La verdad no estaba prestando atención a lo que estaba diciendo, pero mientras hablaba me di cuenta que Pía y yo habíamos soltado nuestras manos cuando Nina nos empujó, pero se encontraban tan cerca que con un simple movimiento podíamos juntarlas otra vez. Debajo de la mesa, mientras nadie veía, agarre suavemente su mano y la apreté. Pía volteó a verme y nos sonreímos, y en vez de escuchar a está señora hablar, dedique mi tiempo a acariciar la mano de Pía con mi dedo pulgar. \"Bueno entonces vamos a moldear esta masa de barro como si fueran sus vidas, como si sus vidas fueran una delicada pieza de cerámica\" Pía se acercó hacia mi y susurró en mi oído \"De que habla?\" Yo sacudí mi cabeza y reí \"Voy a moldear tu vida Pía\" con eso agarré un pedazo de la masa y comencé a crear una figura, o bueno a intentar crear una figura. \"Buena suerte con eso mi Valen\" Varios minutos e intentos después logré crear un corazón lo más grande que podía hacerse. Esto era un suicidio porqué sabría que caería en las bromas de todas las niñas por mis cursilerías. \"Listo Pía, ya moldee tu vida\" dije mientras aplanaba un poco la masa. Pía volteó a ver la figura que había hecho y me miró confundida \"Un corazón Valen?\" \"No, no nada mas un corazón\" dije en voz alta \"Un corazonzozoteee, porque eres la persona con el corazón mas grande que he conocido\" Pía sonrió alegremente y tocó mi mejilla con su mano, yo sonreí e hice lo mismo. \"Alerta alerta, que hay romancee en el aire\" Adela dijo rompiendo el trance en el que Pía y yo nos encontrábamos. \"Ay no\" Nina dijo mientras aplastaba su vida, perdón, su figura de cerámica \"El romance me da alergia\" Marisa le dio una mira de desaprobación a Nina y chocó su hombro con ella \"Ay Nina, no seas amargada, a mi me parece súper lindo el romance\" Marisa suspiró y con eso ya veía venir sus divagaciones \"Ya quisiera que a mi alguien me dijera que tengo un corazonzozote y que me agarraran así la cara y que me apapacharan y…\" \"Lo único \"zozozote\" que te dirán será por otra cosa si no sigues con tu dieta\" Nina dijo dejando callada a Marisa. \"Ash, pues no es mi culpa que no sepa que comer en el día azul\" Marisa dijo indignadamente. Pía toco mi brazo y pasé mi atención hacia ella \"Quieres ver que hice yo Valen?\" Yo asentí mi cabeza y vi su figura. \"Es una florecita, porque así me siento\" Me dijo sonriendo \"Como una flor que acaba de brotar\" Gracias a Dios lo dijo en voz baja para que las niñas no volvieran nuevamente a arruinar nuestro momento. Yo le sonreí y con voz muy baja le dije \"Ven\" después volteé a ver a la profesora y le dije \"Señorita profe, será que puedo ir al baño rápido?\" \"Si claro, ve\" Y con eso deje mi corazón en la mesa y le di una mirada a Pía diciéndole que me siguiera y rápidamente me dirigí al cuarto. Mientras salía del patio alcancé a escuchar a Pía preguntarle a la profesora si podía ir al baño también. Corrí hacia el cuarto y cuando entré me paré detrás de la puerta esperando a que Pía entrará. Lo poco que tardo en subir se me hizo eterno, era increíble el nerviosismo que sentía al saber que estaríamos las dos solas en el cuarto. En el momento que llegó, jale de su mano, cerré la puerta y sin darle tiempo de pensar le di un beso firme en los labios que ella muy felizmente regreso. La sentí sonreír durante el beso y me aleje un poco \"Te adoro\" le dije sinceramente. \"Y yo a ti Valentina\" Ella sonrió y puso su mano atrás de mi cuello y me acercó hacia ella. Lentamente nos besamos dejando fuera todas nuestras preocupaciones. y continuara...[Chapter 3] yasliz: si, a mi también me vieron la cara hasta el episodio 70! que decidí no perder la esperanza hasta que se acabará. ginebraremyhadley : quien no quiere a una pia de navidad? haha, sería un buen regalo no? y gracias por pasarte a leer mi historia, me alegra que te guste y no te preocupes que trataré de actualizar todos los dias! angelito23: gracias por pasar a leer y comentar :) Esté capitulo está narrado desde el punto de vista de Pía, para cambiarle un poco, y como ven va siguiendo la secuencia de los episodios hasta el final :) fue un poco dificil escribir este, pero vienen mejores, gracias por leer :) - -Pía- Valentina me adora, a mí, no importa todas las veces en que la he embarrado y me he metido en discusiones con ella, aún así, me adora y me a hecho la persona más feliz del mundo. Es impresionante como logre pasar de sentirme tan miserable a sentir está euforia y esté calor dentro de mí y dentro de mi corazón cuando Valentina simplemente me mira. Sonrió sin ningún esfuerzo alguno, ella logra sacar mis sonrisas con una sola palabra. No puedo decir más. Estoy feliz. Amo sus besos y amo la forma en que acaricia mi cara mientras me besa, me pierdo totalmente, todo lo que está a mi alrededor desaparece, incluso cuando dejamos de besarnos esa sensación persiste y mantengo mis ojos cerrados mientras vuelvo a la realidad. A esto se refería Marisa, si en algún momento llegará a preguntarme de nuevo, tendría una respuesta. Estoy consumida por ella, de verdad, estoy más que perdida ya, perdida y completamente enamorada, cosa que me da miedo, porque por mas que parezca, no he podido olvidar la forma en que Valentina huyó después de nuestro primer beso, me lastimo y me lastimo mucho, como puedo estar segura de que no lo hará otravez. De repente sentí los labios de Valen dejar los míos y como lo había dicho antes, volver a la realidad no me era algo tan fácil, lentamente abrí mis ojos para encontrar a Valentina sonriéndome; mis piernas repentinamente se sintieron muy ligeras y me inundé de emociones. Sin pensarlo lancé mis brazos alrededor de su cuello y la abrace fuertemente, Valentina circulo sus brazos alrededor de mi cintura y comenzó a darme pequeños besos en el cuello. Cerré mis ojos y la sensación de sentir sus labios besando mi piel me hizo suspirar. Me acerqué lo suficiente a su oído para murmurarle \"¿No te arrepentirás?\" Le pregunté. Valentina se alejó un poco para verme de frente pero seguíamos abrazándonos. Ella me dio una sonrisa que reflejaba un poco de tristeza y mi corazón empezó a latir rápidamente con miedo y nerviosismo. Ella notó mi incomodidad y rápidamente dijo \"Me da tristeza que tengas que preguntarme eso, pero se que es mi culpa\" Soltó sus brazos de mi cintura y los levanto para agarrar mi cara con sus manos. \"No me arrepiento y no me arrepentiré de nada nunca, esto es lo que siento y esto es lo que quiero, te adoro Pía, como no te imaginas y quiero estar contigo.\" Logré escuchar la sinceridad en su voz y suspire de alivio \"Perdón, perdón por dudarlo\" Valentina sonrió y me abrazó de nuevo \"No te preocupes\" Cerré los ojos y finalmente me sentía en calma, podía quedarme así con ella para siempre. Nos quedamos así unos segundos cuando escuchamos una voz gritar fuera de la casa. \"Señoritas y señoritos, estamos por comenzar las \"olimpitiadas\", están todos invitados\" Era la voz de Piti quién se encontraba afuera de la casa, muy probablemente con Fatu y el baboso de Axl. Y si, de repente se escucho su voz gritar \"El ganador se convertirá en el guardián de las niñas mal de esta casa.\" Valentina rió y me guió hasta la ventana, los tres mosqueteros de Adela se encontraban en la entrada de la casa con un montón de cosas ridículas para su competencia. Axl nos vio asomadas en la ventana y giré mis ojos con desesperación al ver que le lanzó un beso a Valentina, a MI Valentina. Si las miradas pudieran matar, Axl hubiera muerto mil veces. Mientras me encontraba consumida en mi odio hacia Axl, Valentina se acercó y me dio un beso en la mejilla; sonreí orgullosamente al ver que Axl dejo de hacerle señas a Valen y miro hacia el suelo avergonzado. Valentina rió y volteó a verme \"No te preocupes por el\" Con eso agarró mi mano y me llevo hasta el pasillo \"Vayamos a ver sus tonterías\". En el pasillo nos encontramos con las demás niñas que ya bajaban para ir a ver las \"olimpitiadas\". \"Unas olimpiti que\" Nina dijo mientras bajábamos las escaleras. \"Unas olimpitiadas\" Adela rió y fue la primera en salir de la casa a encontrarse con sus amigos. Ya que habíamos salido de la casa, Axl rápidamente vino con Valentina y lo que le dijo casi logra que le arrancará la cabeza. \"Dragoncita, yo te prometo ganar para poder cuidarte\" Hice una cara de desagrado al escuchar el apodo que Axl le tenía a Valentina, ella no era ninguna dragoncita, era mi \"valientina\" y era solo y solamente mía. Lo único que evito que Axl perdiera por default, porque realmente pensaba matarlo, fue la respuesta indiferente de Valentina. \"Ah ok\" ella dijo y agarró mi mano y nos dirigimos a donde estaban las demás chicas. Voltee a ver a Axl discretamente y reí silenciosamente al ver su cara de confusión. Mal para Axl, mejor para mí. Y con eso empezaron las Olimpitiadas, Marisa estaba eufórica echándole porras a Fatu, lo que me dejaba mucho que pensar, últimamente el se había convertido en su nueva obsesión, claro después de Nina. Nuevamente sentí crecer mi rabia cuando el idiota de Axl alejó a Valentina de mi para subirla en un carrito el cual el empujaría. Valen volteó a verme sonriendo y me guiño el ojo. Cuando la carrera comenzó mire sorprendida al ver que mi \"valientina\" ladeó el carrito a propósito para caerse y que Axl perdiera. Rápidamente se levantó y vino corriendo hacia mí. \"Hiciste perder a Axl\" le dije riendo, por dentro me sentía completamente feliz de que Valentina hizo ver mal al baboso de Axl. Valentina se quedó a mi lado mientras las olimpitiadas acababan, para alegría de Marisa, Fatu había ganado, solo que la celebración se vio obscurecida por los gritos y regaños de Kike. Entre tanto gritó, el y Maca nos dejaron caer una bomba, Kike era ahora nuestro tutor y prácticamente la casa era suya. Cuando esas palabras salieron de la boca de Maca un temblor sacudió mi cuerpo. Conociendo a Kike, ¿que pasaría ahora? Si el conoce mi expediente ¿que es lo que haría conmigo? Millones de imágenes nublaron mi cabeza. Valentina notó mi cara de preocupación y apretó mi mano reconfortándome, me sentía segura mientras ella estuviera ahí. \"Ustedes se van a su cuarto ahora mismo\" Kike gritó \"Y ustedes, se largan de mi casa\" dijo señalando a los 3 amigos de Adela. Todos nos quedamos congelados observando a Maca, esperando a que ella nos digiera que hacer, y finalmente dijo lo que todos teníamos miedo que digiera \"Hagan lo que dice Kike\". Con la orden de Maca todas comenzamos a caminar hacia la casa, y los chicos en vez de irse nos siguieron hasta adentro. Valentina me guió hasta el patio buscando tener un poco de tiempo para nosotras solas, pero a donde iba Valentina, Axl iba, y a donde el iba, Piti y Fatu lo seguían, y para acabarla, ahora a donde Fatu iba, Marisa lo seguía como toda una Fatufan. Marisa, Valentina y yo nos sentamos en la mesa del patio mientras que los chicos se sentaron en unas sillas enfrente de nosotras. \"A Maca se le aflojo un tornillo, o que?\" Valentina dijo \"Como se le ocurre dejarnos con ese tipo, es capaz de todo\" 'Todo' pensé, es capaz de todo… Todos nos quedamos callados por un minuto absorbiendo todo lo que había ocurrido. Yo suspiré profundamente haciéndose sentir mi preocupación. Valentina me miro y puso su brazo alrededor de mis hombros y me acercó hacia ella. Incluso en momentos como estos podía sentir las mariposas aleteando en mí estomago y me llenaba de felicidad al saber que está increíble pelirroja solo quería tenerme cerca a mi y no a nadie mas y en especial no al odioso del Axl quién ahora nos miraba curiosamente. Puse mis brazos alrededor de la cintura de Valentina y la abrace fuertemente, necesitaba tenerla cerca de mi. Desde la posición en la que estaba alcancé a mirar que Fatu le murmuraba algo a Piti mientras nos veía a nosotras dos, sonreí tímidamente ya que me imaginaba que era de lo que hablaban. \"Bueno, miren que al final de todo Fatu ganó y el nos va a cuidar muy muy bien\" Marisa dijo felizmente como si no registrara aun la situación en la que estábamos. \"Que no escuchaste lo que dijo Maca\" Valentina dijo mientras acariciaba mi hombro con su mano \"Kike es prácticamente el dueño de esta casa, puede echar a quién sea y meter a quién se le pegue la gana\". De repente una ola de culpa se me vino encima, yo era la culpable de todo esto. Era la culpable de que en primer lugar Maca hubiera firmado los papeles para aceptar la ayuda de los Linares. \"Y todo esto por mi culpa y meter a Maca en problemas con el dinero\" pensé en voz alta. Marisa me volteó a ver con la famosa cara de 'What!' de Nina \"Pff Pía, si tu eres como un ahorro para está casa\". Yo sacudí mi cabeza y le respondí \"Yo me entiendo Mari\". Valentina plantó un beso en mi cabeza y me murmuro al oído para que solamente yo la escuchara \"Tu no tienes la culpa de nada, ¿esta claro?\" Yo asentí con la cabeza y deje el tema. Axl tosió falsamente y volteaba a ver a todas partes menos a nosotras \"Tal vez deberíamos pedir ayuda ¿no?\" \"Buen punto\" Piti exclamó y se puso de pie \"A moca\" Ignacio, por fin estos tres cooperaban con algo que podía ayudarnos. \"Maca tiene una computadora en su estudio, podemos hablarle de ahí\". Los seis nos dirigimos al estudio silenciosamente evitando que Kike nos viera, no queríamos meternos mas al foso del que ya estábamos; cuando llegamos, Piti, Axl y Fatu fueron los primeros en contactarse con Ignacio, quién parecía no entender ni una sola palabra de lo que los tres babosos decían. Esa iluminación que tuvieron de pedirle ayuda a Ignacio fue la primera y probablemente la última vez que eran útiles para algo. Le di un apretón a la mano de Valen y corrí a los chicos para hablar con Ignacio. \"Ignacio tienes que venir a ayudarnos\" le dije seriamente \"Maca firmo unos papeles donde le da a Kike nuestra custodia, no sabemos que pasará.\" \"No se apuren, en seguida voy\" La conversación se cerró y me paré de la silla. \"Doña Pia\" Axl dijo haciendo una reverencia \"Pase usted\" Al no poder más con mi frustración finalmente les dije \"Yo creo que es mejor que se vayan, como están las cosas, no será bueno meternos en más problemas\". \"Y me parece excelente punto\" Axl dijo mientras caminaba hacia Valentina \"Pero primero necesito hablar con mi dragoncita, así que si me disculpan\" Resople amargamente mientras veía a Axl jalar a una resistida Valentina fuera del cuarto. \"Yo tengo mucha hambre\" Piti dijo rompiendo la incomodidad \"Gordo tu no tienes hambre?\" \"Si, si, mucha, vamos, vámonos\" Los dos salieron del estudio y Marisa fue detrás de ellos dejándome a mi sola en el cuarto aún consumida de celos. Se que estaba mal, pero los celos que sentía en ese momento no me dejaban pensar, así que muy cuidadosamente busque por toda la casa a Valentina y a Axl. Iba a entrar al patio cuando vi a Valen sentada en la mesa y Axl hablando con ella. Me quedé detrás de la puerta de forma que podía escuchar claramente lo que decían. \"Fresco eh, yo no creo ser el tipo de Kike\" escuche a Valentina reírse. \"Pero tu si eres mi tipo\" Axl dijo mientras se acercaba a Valentina. Cerré mis manos en un puño y cerré mis ojos tratando de controlar mi impulso de entrar al patio y sacar a Axl de patadas. \"Axl\" Valentina suspiro cansada de volver al mismo tema \"No empieces\" \"Que!\" Dijo Axl indignado \"Ahora que hice?\" \"Nada\" Valentina contesto mientras se paraba de la mesa \"Pero tienes que entender que yo ya quiero a alguien, y que tu y yo somos amigos solamente y quisiera que quedara claro ya\". Me quedé recargada en la pared escuchando la voz enojada de Valentina hablarle a Axl y nunca me di cuenta de que Valen venía saliendo ya del patio. \"Pia\" La escuche decir y volteé a verla, se me quedó viendo por un momento y yo no sabía si estaba enojada conmigo por estar espiando. \"Perdón Valen, no quise escuchar, perdón\". Valentina me sonrió y me sentía aliviada, no quería discutir con ella nunca más. Se acercó a mi y agarro mis dos manos con las suyas \"No tienes que pedirme perdón de nada\". Delicadamente me empujó hacia la pared y me miró a los ojos \"Se te notan los celos desde lejos\" Yo reí tímidamente y evadí su mirada \"Pues poquito nada más\". Ella pasó sus dedos por mi cabello y me obligó a verla a los ojos \"Pues no tienes que tener celos de nadie\" me dijo seriamente. Las dos nos sonreímos y nos acercamos hasta que nuestros labios se tocaron, nos besamos por unos segundos hasta que escuchamos un murmuro, rápidamente nos separamos y volteamos a ver quien había sido. Era Axl, una vez más arruinando nuestro momento. \"Asi que, ustedes dos\" dijo señalándonos \"¿Están juntas?\" preguntó en voz muy baja. Mi corazón empezó a latir rápidamente, está pregunta se la había hecho a Valentina y yo tenia miedo de saber su respuesta, ¿que éramos Valentina y yo? \"Sí\" Valentina contestó y no pude respirar por un momento \"Estamos juntas\" Axl abrió la boca para hablar pero se quedó callado y solamente caminó hacia el otro lado. Francamente no podía importarme lo que pasaba con Axl, Valentina había aceptado que estábamos juntas, oficialmente juntas. Ni Kike, ni Axl, ni Maca podían extinguir la felicidad que sentía. Sin pensarlo me lancé hacia Valentina y la abracé con todas mis fuerzas. \"Pia\" Valentina rió \"No puedo respirar\" Yo no paré y la abracé aún mas fuerte. \"Piaaaa!\" Finalmente la solté y al verla me enamoré mas, sus ojos brillaban y su sonrisa era más hermosa que nunca, ella también se encontraba feliz de porfin poder decir que estábamos juntas. Se acercó a mí y me dio un beso rápido en los labios \"Creo que tengo que hablar con él y explicarle\" Yo asentí mi cabeza comprendiéndola, ya no me importaba más si iba a hablar con Axl, Valentina era mía y solo mía. Valen me sonrió por última vez y se fue en busca de Axl. Me recargue en la pared por unos momentos y suspiré felizmente, se había hecho realidad, tantas veces llegué a pensar que era imposible que Valentina se fijará en mi pero se hizo realidad, que había hecho para merecerla, yo no sabía pero si sabía que ahora que la tenía no la dejaría caer. Se me había borrado completamente la situación en la que nos encontrábamos con Kike, estaba tan absorbida pensando en Valen que solamente reaccione cuando caminaba hacia la sala y escuché a Ignacio hablar con Brenda y Adela. \"Necesitamos conseguir esos papeles\" Ignacio dijo \"Debe de haber una forma de quitárselos, las mujeres, es su debilidad\" Brenda miró a Adela y antes de que pudiera decir algo Adela la interrumpió \"No, a mi no me veas, yo ya las tengo juradas con el desde hace tiempo, porque no lo haces tu?\" \"Yo no puedo\" Brenda dijo \"Estuve con Andy\" Andy, no se porque ese nombre me sonaba, de algún lugar conocía a un tal Andy. Me enfoque tanto en recordar como era que lo conocía que había sacado a Valentina de mi mente. \"Entonces, ¿quién podría ser?\" preguntó Ignacio. Voltee a ver al estudio de Maca y la vi sentada con la cabeza entre las manos mientras Kike le reclamaba algo, y de nueva cuenta me vi absorbida por la culpa. Sin pensarlo entre a la sala y los mire a los tres. \"Yo lo hago\" Y luego pensé y cerré los ojos. Que estúpida, Valentina me iba a matar. continuara...[Chapter 4] yasliz : de nuevo muchas gracias por tus comentarios, me alegra que sigas leyendo mi historia :) ginebraremyhadley : si no es santa, siempre quedan los reyes ;) haha, gracias por seguir leyendo y comentando :) basketcase89: gracias por leer y comentar :) jackievodka: gracias por pasarte a comentar, que bueno que te este gustando =) espero leer tu historia muy pronto =) Esté capitulo variará entre los puntos de vista de Pía y de Valentina, puse sus nombres para diferenciar, gracias por leer :) -Pía- ¿Qué hice? Valentina estará furiosa conmigo, tan solo hace 10 minutos era la persona más feliz del mundo porque porfin podía decir que Valen y yo estábamos juntas, y ahora vengo y lo embarró todo. No puedo retractarme ya, Ignacio está con Brenda hablando de lo que podíamos hacer y por más que Adela me dice que no lo haga, que soy la persona que menos debe de hacerlo, no dejo de pensar que es lo mejor que puedo hacer. Si la casa está en problemas por mi culpa, la razón más justa es que yo ayude a resolver el problema; pero la situación no es tan sencilla porque ahora está Valentina. Mi Valientina, estará menos que de acuerdo con esto, ya puedo imaginarme su voz gritar por todos los pasillos y hacer todo lo posible por convencerme de que no lo haga. Tengo miedo de que mis ganas de salvar está casa pongan en juego mi relación con Valen, pero por igual, esto lo hago por ella también, ninguna de nosotras puede estar segura con Kike a cargo, es algo que tengo que hacer. \"Hay que preguntarle a Greta\" Le dije a Adela \"Pregúntale si ve algunos papeles o carpetas que puedan tener algo importante en su carro.\" Adela le mandó el mensaje a Greta y los cuatro nos sentamos en la sala a esperar su respuesta. Mi corazón latía rápidamente con miedo y preocupación, Valentina se enteraría de esto tarde o temprano, no podía dejar de imaginar su cara cuando lo escuchará, que escuchará que nuestro plan será seducir a Kike y que quién lo haría sería yo. Y estoy demasiado segura que no hay ninguna forma de que Valentina esté de acuerdo, se que hará lo imposible por impedir que siga con el plan, el problema es que no creo que yo esté dispuesta a retractarme. El timbrado del celular de Nacho me sacó de mis pensamientos, era Greta, al parecer Kike si era lo suficiente bobo para tener los papeles en el carro. Parecía que yo era la creadora del plan, las ideas simplemente salían de mi boca. \"Entonces necesitamos que alguien vaya a su carro y alguien que distraiga a Kike, yo lo haré, yo distraeré a Kike\" dije firmemente. Adela sacudió su cabeza y se me acercó \"Pía, te adoro por querer ayudarnos, pero no puedo dejar que te arriesgues de esa forma.\" Y de repente escuché la voz de la cuál mas temía en estos momentos, Valentina había entrado a la sala justamente a escuchar la última parte de nuestra conversación. \"¿Arriesgarse a que?\" Preguntó confundida mientras se acercó a mí. Voltee mi mirada para otro lado, que en estos momentos no podía verla a los ojos ya que se que estaría buscando en mi una respuesta, y una respuesta que yo no quería darle. En un segundo mis miedos se hicieron realidad, como decirle lo que estaba pasando sin lastimarla, era imposible, incluso Adela me miró de una forma en la que claramente me decía que Valentina era otra de las razones por la cuál no podía seguir con el plan. \"Kike ya llegó\" Ignacio dijo antes de que alguien pudiera contestarle a Valentina \"Tenemos que ir con el\" Brenda volteó a verme y me preguntó seriamente \"Lo harás o no?\" Yo no sabía que contestarle, Adela sacudía la cabeza diciéndome que no lo hiciera y Valentina se encontraba más confundida y preocupada, se acercó a mí y agarro mi brazo suavemente. \"Pía ¿Qué pasa?\" Me preguntó silenciosamente, su voz era tan comprensible que me llenaba de culpa el hacerle esto a ella, no a cualquier persona, a ella, a Valentina. La miré a los ojos y las palabras simplemente no me salían, no había modo ni manera de decirle. Adela decidió tomar partida en el asunto al ver que yo no le podía responder. \"Pía planea seducir a Kike\" lo dijo de una forma tan rápida y fría que mi estomago dio vueltas de angustia, ahora me era mas difícil ver a Valentina, solo sentí que repentinamente soltó mi brazo y escuche su voz que ya no era tan comprensiva y ni tan dulce. \"Que!\" Valentina dijo en voz alta \"Como que Pía va a seducir a Kike?\" Brenda suspiro desesperada y me preguntó de nuevo \"Pía, lo harás o no?\" Voltee a verla más confundida que antes, aún me encontraba incapaz de hablar, era lastimar a Valentina y salvar la casa o mantenernos al margen con Kike. Cuando agarré la suficiente valentía para contestarle, Valentina habló por mí. \"No, por supuesto que no lo hará\" Valentina gritó enojada. Su voz tan fuerte hizo que mi cuerpo temblara, definitivamente Valentina no estaría de acuerdo ni poco conmigo. \"¿Pía?\" Brenda me preguntó de nuevo ignorando la pequeña explosión de Valentina. Finalmente tomé un respiro profundo y cerré los ojos por un minuto. Lo siento Valentina. \"Si, si lo haré\" Valentina volteó su cabeza tan rápido hacia mi que me sorprendió que no se hubiese lastimado. \"¿Que?\" Valentina preguntó, su voz quebrándose con cada letra. No se si de tristeza o de enojo. Adela tomó esto como una señal de dejarnos solas y salió del cuarto con Ignacio y Brenda siguiéndola. \"Pía, tu no puedes hacer esto!\" Valentina dijo en voz alta, más bien, gritando ya. Volteé a ver la pared y le di la espalda \"Tengo que Valen\" le dije con voz temblorosa. Valentina agarró mi brazo fuertemente y me jaló para que volteará verla \"No Pía, no tienes porque hacerlo, no puedes exponerte así\" No sabía si los celos de Valentina eran los que hablaban o si estaba igual de preocupada por mi como Adela lo estaba. \"Si Valen tengo que\" le dije levantando un poco la voz \"Si yo no hubiera metido a la casa en problemas nada de esto hubiera pasado.\" \"Pero Pía!\" Valentina dijo desesperada \"No es tu culpa, no es tu culpa que Maca haya firmado esos papeles.\" \"Pero igual y es lo mejor!\" le dije en voz alta, me sentía frustrada y abrumada de no saber si lo que hacia estaba bien o mal \"Es la única forma de quitarnos a Kike de encima\" Valentina resopló y me dio una mirada fría \"Y si se te sale de control?\" Francamente eso no había pasado por mi cabeza cuando les dije que seduciría a Kike. Sin saber que contestarle ya, simplemente le dije \"Ya veré como lo manejo\". Valentina rio sarcásticamente y me miro con tanto coraje que me sentía como una idiota al echar a la borda todos los momentos tan lindos que acabábamos de tener. \"Y yo que eh!\" dijo gritando \"Acaso no importa lo que yo piense?\" Mire al suelo tratando de evadir su pregunta \"Claro que importa\" le contesté en voz baja. \"Pues no parece Pía\" Valentina dijo secamente para después agregar lo que más temía \"A lo mejor el estar juntas es muy pronto todavía\". Rápidamente levante mi cabeza y la mire con desesperación, mis ojos llenándose de lagrimas \"¿Q-que?\" tartamudeé, incapaz de formular palabras. Valentina sacudió su cabello con su mano y suspiro \"No puedo Pía, no puedo con esto ahorita\" Algunas lagrimas empezaron a caer de mis ojos al ver que Valentina caminaba hacia el pasillo y lejos de mi. \"Valentina!\" le grite desesperada, pero ella simplemente siguió su camino dejándome en la sala en un mar de lagrimas. Lo había echado todo a perder. -Valentina- Estaba enojada, no, estaba furiosa, en verdad sentía la rabia correr por todo mi cuerpo. Acaso mi opinión no importaba en una decisión que ahora era de mi incumbencia, no podía dejar que Pía se expusiera de esa forma, suficientes cosas tuvo que sufrir para que un idiota como Kike llegué y le derrumbé todo, no iba a permitirlo. Y además mis celos no me dejaban en paz, no era la razón total de mi enojo, pero era parte importante de él, no iba a dejar que un tipo como Kike le pusiera una mano a Pía, solo en pensar en sus manos tocándola y sus labios besándola me daba nauseas, necesitaba hacer algo y necesitaba hacerlo ya. Camine rápidamente y me dirigí al cuarto de Greta, ella podía hacer algo, podía convencerla tal vez, la verdad es que en esos momentos mi mente se encontraba tan nublada que no pensaba, simplemente reaccionaba. Sin tocar la puerta de su cuarto entre furiosa. \"Greta!\" La llamé en voz alta sorprendiéndola. Greta volteó a verme confundida al ver mi cara de coraje. \"Tienes que detener esto\" le dije firmemente \"No puedes dejar que Pía haga esto\" Greta frunció el ceño y me vio aún mas confundida \"¿Hacer que?\" Me preguntó, al parecer nadie la había puesto al tanto del plan. Pasé mi mano por mi cabello frustrada \"Dejar que seduzca a Kike por los papeles, no puedes dejarla\" Greta suspiró cansada de mi reacción y se levantó de la cama donde estaba sentada \"Es su decisión, no puedo hacer nada yo\" \"Claro que puedes!\" le dije aún mas enojada y Greta giró los ojos \"No dejes que Pía lo haga, dile que no\" \"Que no puedo Valentina!\" Greta gritó \"Es su decisión y no mía\" Con eso salió del cuarto dejándome sola consumiéndome con coraje. Me sentía tan desesperada, ¿que nadie tomaba en cuenta mi opinión? yo no quería que Pía fuera parte de esto. Salí del cuarto de Greta furiosa para dirigirme al mío. Al entrar azote la puerta para que se cerrara y patee el borde de la cama en desesperación, no podía creer que esto estaba sucediendo. -Pía- Tuve que tragarme mis lágrimas y poner en mi cara la sonrisa más falsa, si ya había echado a perder mi relación con Valentina no podía echar a perder el plan, y por más que me doliera no podía dejar que las lágrimas salieran de mis ojos. Mientras me dirigía hacia la entrada de la casa recordaba cada beso y cada caricia que había compartido con Valen, nuevamente las lagrimas amenazaron con caer de mis ojos al recordar su voz tan dulce diciéndome lo mucho que me adoraba y al recordar sus brazos circulando mi cintura mientras me abrazaba, todo eso había desaparecido ya, ahora solamente podía ver la cara de dolor y de decepción de Valentina. En la entrada de la casa se encontraba Kike con Adela e Ignacio, tenía que ser fuerte, no podía dejar que mis sentimientos lo arruinarán todo. Poniendo la sonrisa más falsa en mi cara me dirigí hacia el veneno de Linares a llevar a cabo mi papel. \"Te extrañe Kike\" le dije seductoramente \"Pensé que no regresabas\" El rió y puso su brazo alrededor de mis hombros, los cuáles se sentían pesados y nada acogedores como los de Valentina. \"No podía dejarlas\" dijo Kike sonriendo \"Yo soy ahora el dueño de esta casa, es mi deber esta aquí\" dijo orgullosamente. \"Yo creo que es hora de que te vayas Ignacio\" Kike agregó. \"No te apures\" Ignacio le respondió con despreció \"Ya me voy\" Se acercó a Adela y le murmuró algo en el oído. \"Te acompaño\" Adela sonrió falsamente y salió de la casa con Ignacio. Kike dejo caer su brazo de mis hombros y tenía la intención de ir por Adela pero antes de que pudiera irse yo lo jalé de la chamarra y lo acerqué hacia mí. \"¿A donde vas Kike? déjala ir\" le dije con voz suave mientras ponía mis manos sobre su pecho \"¿No ves que tienes enfrente cosas mas importantes?\" \"Uyy\" Kike dijo sorprendido pero feliz \"¿Como que cosas Pía?\" dijo seductoramente. La seducción en su voz casi me hace vomitar, me hizo recordar mi pasado y la sensación que tenía cuando un hombre se acercaba a susurrarme palabras al oído, me daba escalofríos. \"Porque no hacemos una fiesta para festejar tu nuevo trabajo y ahí lo descubres\" le dije y le guiñe el ojo mientras el lo pensó un poco. \"No es mala idea, no es mala idea\" el contestó mientras acariciaba mis manos que se encontraban recargadas en su pecho. Sus manos se sentían frías y ásperas, en mí crecía el miedo de no poder acabar con el plan. Me puse de puntas para alcanzar la altura de Kike y murmuré en su oído \"Mira que así puedes vernos a todas en bikini\" le dije suavemente. Kike se alejó un poco de mí y me miró de pies a cabeza con una sonrisa lujuriosa colgando de sus labios \"Mira que no había notado lo buena que estás\" Hice todo lo posible por no hacer una cara de desagrado con su comentario y en vez me acerqué mas a el. \"Pues mañana puedes descubrir mas de mi\" Me acerqué aún mas a su cara logrando que nuestros labios estuvieran a centímetros de tocarse \"Piénsalo\" le dije y reí dulcemente. Kike trató de acercarse para darme un beso pero yo volteé mi cara y le di un beso en la mejilla. Algo me decía que ya tenía a Kike controlado, le mandé una última sonrisa y me voltee para dirigirme hacia mi cuarto y hacia Valentina. -Valentina- Después de mi rabieta con Greta había logrado controlarme un poco pero no lo suficiente, a la hora de la cena traté de sentarme lo más alejada de Pía, no podía ni voltear a verla, se que ella estaba sufriendo, lo veía cuando sus ojos se conectaban con los míos y se veían nublados de lagrimas, pero no podía hacer nada, yo estaba igual de lastimada y aún mas, me sentía defraudada. Sin poder aguantar más de este tormento le pedí a Maca permiso para retirarme a mi cuarto, el resto de las niñas ya me habían puesto al tanto del plan y que Pía había logrado que Kike hiciera una fiesta en la piscina mañana. Lo que mas me molestaba es el pensar en la forma en que Pía lo había logrado, obviamente lo había seducido y me daba nauseas, me quitó el hambre y solo quería ir a echarme a mi cama. Maca me dio permiso porque al igual que yo, ella también sabía que iba a suceder y creo que sintió mi incomodidad y por eso me dejo ir sin explicación. No me preocupe en voltear a ver a Pía, aunque se que sus ojos me seguían con cada paso que daba, pero era demasiado doloroso voltear a verla, tenia que alejarme. Miserablemente entre a mi cuarto, me cambié de ropa y me acosté en mi cama tratando de borrar todas las imágenes de Kike con Pía y tratar de dormir un poco, pero simplemente no podía. Después de unos minutos escuche la puerta del cuarto abrirse, sabía quien era y cerré mis ojos tristemente fingiendo estar dormida, hoy hubiera sido la primera noche que Pía y yo pasaríamos juntas, oficialmente juntas. La sentí sentarse en un lado de mi cama pero yo me encontraba dándole la espalda, la escuche suspirar y por la forma en que respiraba sabía que estaba llorando. Por más que quería consolarla no podía y cerré mis ojos aún más fuerte tratando de controlar mis propias lágrimas. Pía se rindió y se fue a su cama, me preguntaba si ella iba a poder dormir, quería saber si a ella tan siquiera le importaba lo que yo pensaba, con esos pensamientos en mi mente finalmente me quedé dormida, temiendo lo que traería el día mañana. Al otro día lo primero que vi al despertar fue que la cama de Pía ya estaba tendida y ella no estaba en el cuarto, probablemente estaba en el baño cambiándose. Me levanté y me cambie rápidamente, me puse jeans y una chamarra, ya que no pensaba ir a unirme a la fiestecita de Kike. Me senté en la cama a esperar a que Pía saliera del baño para poder tratar de convencerla de que no hiciera nada. La puerta del baño se abrió y de ella salió la criatura más hermosa que jamás había visto. En verdad me quedé sorprendida, mi respiración se detuvo y mi corazón palpitaba dentro de mi, wow, Pía se veía increíble, se había puesto un bikini y yo no podía quitarle los ojos de encima, mis ojos pasaron de sus piernas que se veían tan suaves y recorrieron su perfecto abdomen, a su pecho y a su cara. Ella me dio una pequeña y triste sonrisa y agarró una toalla del closet. Estaba tan absorbida admirando el cuerpo de Pía que olvide todo, absolutamente todo, solo que esto duro poco ya que Pía no tardo en recordármelo. \"¿No bajarás a la fiesta?\" Me preguntó y así mi mente comenzó a pensar en la razón de porque Pía bajaría así a la piscina, para seducir a Kike, todo lo que yo admiraba en este momento el estaría contemplándolo, no podía detener mis celos. \"Yo no seré parte de esto Pía\" le dije amargamente \"Y tu tampoco deberías\" agregué tratando de tener alguna esperanza de que Pía se retractará. Pía se acercó hacia mi y me sonrió tristemente \"No puedo Valentina\" y con eso salió del cuarto. Minutos después de que salió del cuarto yo bajé las escaleras para ir a ver que sucedía. Me asomé por la puerta y vi a varios chicos y chicas tomando, riendo y bailando. Brenda y Adela se encontraban con Ignacio hablando con Piti, Axl y Fatu desde la computadora. Greta estaba sentada en una silla observando felizmente al otro lado de la piscina, lentamente volteé a ver que era lo que veía y lo que vi hizo que mi corazón se rompiera. Pía estaba acostada en una de las sillas y Kike estaba incado a lado de ella invitándole una bebida y coqueteándole, lo que más me dolía era que Pía estaba respondiéndole todos sus movimientos, acariciaba su mejilla, se reía con el, agarraba su mano; yo no podía más y mejor corrí hacia mi cuarto, lo que no noté es que Adela me había visto y ahora se dirigía a buscarme. Entré a mi cuarto y me senté en el piso con mi espalda recargada en la cama, agarré mi Ipod y puse la música a todo volumen tratando de borrar las imágenes de mi cabeza, solo una mano que toco mi hombre me hizo volver a la realidad, era Adela. \"Vale\" Adela dijo y se sentó a mi lado \"¿No vas a bajar a la fiesta?\" Deje mi ipod a un lado y volteé a verla \"Yo no seré parte de esto Adela, me parece una locura que Pía haga esto\" Adela sonrió y agarró mi brazo \"Locura que Kike sea amo y señor de esta casa y que tu no hagas nada es como si fueras su complice y nos quisieras joder a todas\" Me reí de la forma tan fácil en que Adela podía hacerme sentir culpable \"La verdad es que tengo miedo por Pía\" le dije sinceramente. \"Pero si tu estas ahí\" Adela empezó a decir \"Ella se sentirá más segura y más tranquila, yo lo se\" Tenía razón, al igual que ella podía sentirse tranquila yo también podría estarlo sabiendo que estaría ahí si en algún momento Pía necesitará de mi ayuda. \"Además, yo no se si ella podrá cumplir con su parte\" Eso fue todo lo que necesitaba, necesitaba que alguien me digiera que Pía no hacia esto para lastimarme si no para ayudarnos y que mientras más rápido ayudará con esto mas rápido acabaría, además de que no iba a dejar que nadie le pusiera una mano a Pía si ella no lo quisiera, rápidamente me levanté de la cama y corrí al baño a cambiarme, estaba segura que Adela se encontraba feliz consigo misma de haberme convencido. -Pía- Me decepciono que Valen no se encontrará en la fiesta, pero no podía esperar más, estaba lastimada y no iba a obligarla a que viniera a verme hacer cariñitos con Kike. En estos momentos Kike había ido a la puerta por un amigo que me presentaría, todo estaba llendo tal y como lo planeamos, tenía a Kike en la palma de mi mano y cada vez era más fácil seducirlo, todo hasta que… \"Mira Pía\" Kike dijo mientras se acercó con otro hombre \"Te presentó a Andy\". El famoso Andy, al verle la cara por fin pude recordar de donde lo conocía y el vaso que tenía en mi mano se cayó y se estrelló con el suelo mientras una ola de temor invadía mi cuerpo. Era el mismo Andy que había estado conmigo cuando yo estaba encerrada. Coquetamente el se acercó y me saludó con un beso en la mejilla, ahora si no podía más, sentía que me desplomaba, estaba segura que el se acordó de mi, tenía que salir de ahí, asi que rápidamente le dije a Kike que ya volvía y me metí a la casa para encontrarme con Greta. \"Pia, ¿Qué pasa?\" Greta me preguntó preocupada \"¿Por qué no estas con Kike?\" \"No puedo hacerlo Greta\" le dije con lagrimas en los ojos \"No puedo\" \"Pero Pia\" Greta me dijo desesperada \"Los amigos de Adela ya están en el carro de Kike, no podemos dejarla así, o nos meteremos en más problemas, tenemos que terminar con esto\" Y si tenía razón, teníamos que terminar con esto. Tome un respiro profundo y salí con ella a la piscina. Cuando entramos vi a Valentina hablando con Adela y Brenda, alcanzé a verla a los ojos y ella me sonrió, con esa sonrisa sabía que me había perdonado y me dio la suficiente valentía para enfrentar a Kike, si el se enteraba de mi pasado, ya no me importaba, iba a acabar con él. continuara..[Chapter 5] Jossy: Muchísimas gracias por tu comentario y por leer mi historia, de verdad :) espero te siga gustando :) yasliz: nuevamente muchas gracias por comentar :) ya mero navidad, a ver a cuantas de nosotras nos llega una pia ;) ginebraremyhadley : yo no podría maltratar a pía, no te preocupes que estarás feliz con el final de este capitulo :) angelito23: gracias por pasarte a comentar mi historia, tan pronto suba este capitulo me pondré al corriente con las tuyas, q te están qdando muy buenas por cierto :) basketcase89: gracias por tus comentarios, trataré de seguir actualizando seguido :) -Pía- Plasmé una gran sonrisa en mi cara para poder volver a mi papel, mire del otro lado de la piscina y vi a Kike venir hacia mí, rápidamente voltee a ver a Valentina quien me mandó una sonrisa alentadora y con eso me dio la suficiente fuerza y confianza para enfrentar a Kike. Transforme mi dulce y suave sonrisa a una seductora y agresiva mientras esperaba a que aquel Linares llegara hacia mí. Las ganas se le observaban desde lejos, era notorio lo mucho que me deseaba. Sonreí aún más, esto era cada vez más fácil, iba a utilizar cada parte de mi cuerpo para despertar el fuego en él y nublar sus pensamientos, solo así el se volvería inválido y sería mucho mas fácil destruirlo. Kike sonrió cuando estaba a unos pasos de mí \"Pía, pía, pio pio, te estaba buscando\" El me dijo suavemente y se acercó a mi oído para murmurar en él \"Andy me lo contó todo\" dijo con una pequeña risa. Yo lo alejé un poco de mi y le sonreí dulcemente \"¿Y que es lo que te contó?\" le pregunté mientras acariciaba su mejilla dócilmente con mi mano. El me sonrió de vuelta y lentamente pasó cada uno de sus dedos por mis labios, yo aproveché y tomé uno de ellos en mi boca lamiéndolo. La forma en que sus ojos se hicieron grandes de sorpresa me hizo ver que mi acto estaba dando resultado, lo estaba provocando. \"El me contó sobre lo que hacías en tu antiguo trabajo\" Mire a Andy de reojo y luego puse toda mi atención en Kike de nuevo. \"¿A quién buscas?\" el me preguntó, claramente había visto que mis ojos se movieron hacia otra parte. \"Solamente estamos tu y yo\" agregó mientras acariciaba mi cintura con sus manos. Por más sencillo que se estaba volviendo jugar con Kike, esté movimiento por parte de el me hizo sentir escalofríos en todo mi cuerpo, pero trate de ignorarlos con todas mis fuerzas. \"Eso veo\" le contesté mientras recorría lentamente mis manos por su brazos de arriba hacia abajo \"¿Y que quieres hacer?\" le pregunte delicadamente mientras mi mano acariciaba suavemente su cuello. \"Hmmm\" Kike dijo mientras pasaba sus manos sobre mis hombros descubiertos \"Simplemente quiero que me muestres como trabajabas antes\" el dijo sonriendo acercando su cuerpo hacia mí. Agarre una de sus manos que se encontraban acariciando mis hombros y la pase por mi boca dejándole besos ligeros \"Hmm, pues eso lo puedes ver si vienes conmigo\" le dije con una sonrisa seductora. Una sonrisa se formó lentamente sus labios, se encontraba absorbido en sorpresa y en emoción debido a mi invitación, pero antes de que el pudiera responder uno de sus mejores amigos se acercó a el. \"Kike, encontraron a un chico y a una chica en tu carro\" su amigo le dijo indiferentemente y siguió su camino. La sonrisa lujuriosa que colgaba de los labios de Kike se esfumó en un segundo y el miedo empezó a correr rápidamente dentro de mí, nos habían descubierto. Tenía que actuar rápido porque Kike ya se encontraba alejándose de mí, sin pensarlo camine detrás de el y lo jale de la camisa de forma desesperada. \"Kike\" le dije sin aliento y lancé mis brazos alrededor de su cuello \"¿No piensas dejarme así verdad? Kike sonrió orgulloso de si mismo pero alejó mis brazos de su cuello \"Créeme que no quiero, pero tengo que hacer esto\" De nuevo lo jalé de la camisa tratando de evitar que se fuera \"Tranquilita Pía\" Kike me dijo \"Ahorita regreso\" y con eso se acercó lo suficiente a mis labios para plantarme un beso rápido y después salió de la casa. Finalmente un gesto de desagrado se formo en mi cara, toscamente limpie mi boca con mis manos tratando de eliminar la sensación de los labios de Kike en los míos, muchas veces tuve que aguantarme y probar los besos de otras personas pero ahora ya no era así, además de que había solo un par de labios que podía llevarme hasta las nubes y mantenerme ahí. De repente la angustia me pegó y di la vuelta para buscar a las chicas. Adela, Brenda y Greta me veían confundidas sin tener idea de lo que había pasado y Valentina, mi pobre Valentina se encontraba tímidamente viendo el piso tratando a toda costa de verse conmigo, me llene de culpa al verla así, todo lo que ella había presenciado la debió haber desgarrado por dentro. Me acerqué hacia ellas urgentemente, cuando me acerqué lo suficiente Valentina finalmente me miró, se veía triste pero a la vez se veía comprensible. \"Descubrieron a los chicos en el carro de Kike\" les dije rápidamente. \"Tenemos que avisarle a los demás\" Greta dijo y las demás niñas estuvieron de acuerdo, ella junto con Adela y Brenda se metieron a la casa dejándonos a mi y a Valentina atrás. Me ponía de nervios estar sola con ella aún, especialmente después de la escena con Kike, no sabía como reaccionaria ni ella ni yo, pero luego pasó algo que me sorprendió. Valentina puso sus brazos alrededor de mí y me abrazó fuertemente, cerré mis ojos absorbiendo la sensación que Valen lograba en mi cuando me mantenía cerca de su cuerpo, mi corazón dio un brinco y suspire tranquilamente. \"¿Estás bien?\" Escuché la voz dulce de Valentina murmurando en mi oído. Yo asentí y aún con mis ojos cerrados le planté un beso en su cuello. Ella muy despacio se alejó de mí y me sonrió. En el momento que sus brazos soltaron mi cuerpo ya extrañaba terriblemente su cercanía. Puso su mano en mi mejilla e incline mi cabeza con el contacto. \"Bueno\" ella dijo calladamente después de unos segundos \"Vamos a ver que pasa y seguiremos hablando después, si?\" Nuevamente yo asentí y le sonreí, las lágrimas se empezaron a formar en mis ojos, era impresionante como podía ser tan comprensible conmigo. Valentina sujeto fuertemente mi mano y juntas caminamos hacia el interior de la casa. -Valentina- Era increíble volver a tener la mano de Pía entre la mía, encajaban tan bien que todo el coraje y la decepción que llegue a sentir se habían borrado completamente de mi mente. Lo único que importaba ahora es que Pía estaba segura y que estaba conmigo. No podía negar que verla con Kike dolió y que lentamente me desgarraba por dentro el verlos coquetear uno con el otro, pero al final lo único que yo quería era estar ahí para Pía, no importa que eso significará tragarme mis celos y mis corajes. Lentamente caminamos hacia la casa con nuestras manos juntadas, el mundo parecía detenerse y lo único que parecía real era la sensación de tener a Pía tan cerca, finalmente entramos a la casa y nos dirigimos a la sala en donde nos encontramos con todas las niñas con excepción de Nina y junto con Fatu e Ignacio, se encontraban sentados en los sillones cada uno absorbido en sus propios pensamientos; se sentía en el aire que algo malo había sucedido. \"¿Qué paso ahora?\" les pregunté a todos mientras Pía y yo nos sentamos lado a lado en uno de los sillones. \"Ay Valen\" Marisa dijo y apoyo su cara en sus manos \"Nos descubrieron a Fatu y a mi en el carro, Kike sabe que buscábamos los papeles\". Escuché a Pía suspirar a mi lado, la mire preocupada y puse mi brazo alrededor de ella \"¿Estás bien?\" le pregunté. Ella murmuró un sí y apoyo su cabeza en mi hombro, yo sabía que algo le pasaba, pero ya tendríamos tiempo de hablar de lo que paso. \"No sabemos que pasará ahora\" Greta agregó \"Kike nos amenazó con que las cosas empezarían a empeorar\" En ese momento Kike entró a la sala con Maca atrás de él. La mirada de Maca me hizo temer lo que pasaría después, se veía cansada y resignada, si Maca ya no podía hacer nada por nosotras, quién sabe que pasaría, me sentía insegura, con miedo y verdaderamente preocupada. \"Que bueno que la mayoría está aquí\" Kike dijo mirándonos a todos, especialmente mantuvo su mirada puesta en Pía \"Maca y yo tenemos unas noticias que decirles\" Kike se hizo a un lado y dejo pasar a Maca frente a el \"¿Les dices tu?\" Maca hizo su cabello hacia atrás con su mano y nerviosamente se dirigió hacia nosotras \"De ahora en adelante Kike se hará cargo de ustedes\" Eso no era noticia nueva entonces no entendí porque Maca mostraba tanta preocupación, pero las siguientes palabras que salieron de su boca me hicieron saberlo. \"Teo y yo nos vamos de la casa\" Adela e Ignacio automáticamente se pusieron de pie para pelear la decisión. Wow, esto era más de lo que esperaba que Kike hiciera, jamás pensé que el sería capaz de correr a Maca de la casa, y lo que más me sorprendía era la cara de terror del resto de las chicas, especialmente la de Greta, ella sabía exactamente con lo que estábamos lidiando ahora. Las noticias nos habían pegado tan fuerte que tardé en sentir la forma en que Pía de repente se puso tensa y rígida, delicadamente acaricié su brazo con mi mano tratando de confortarla, lo cuál sirvió un poco pero no lo suficiente. Todo lo que vino después fue toda una escena, Adela gritándole a Maca, Ignacio golpeando a Kike. La preocupación se sentía en todos nosotros y aunque no lo mostráramos empezábamos a temer. La forma en que Kike sonreía tan orgulloso de si mismo me ponía de malas, en verdad ahora haría todo por sacarlo de está casa, así tenga que ayudar a Pía a destruirlo. Tanta intensidad entre nosotras me hizo sentir la necesidad de reventarle la cara a Kike, y estaba tan dispuesta a hacerlo pero los brazos de Pía sujetándome me lo impidieron, y al final Kike salió del cuarto y Maca se dirigió a la salida, dejándonos a todas nosotras en las manos sucias del odioso de Kike. Cada quién se dirigió a sus cuarto a quitarse los trajes de baño para alistarse para la cena y para sacudir la decepción de no haber podido conseguir los papeles de la casa. Pía y yo teníamos una conversación pendiente aún, esperaba que este fuera el momento en el que por fin pudiéramos hablar tranquilamente, aunque yo sabía que ella no estaba bien, estaba abrumada con los pensamientos de que Kike estaría solo con nosotras. Entramos al cuarto sin decirnos ni una sola palabra y Pía rápidamente se encerró en el baño a cambiarse, yo me acosté en la cama y espere pacientemente a que ella saliera. Realmente sentí que había pasado una eternidad antes de que saliera pero finalmente salió. Al verla salir me senté en la cama y le hice un espacio para que ella se sentará a lado de mi, por un momento permanecimos calladas, yo pasaba lenta y suavemente mi mano por su espalda tratándole de hacerle saber que todo estaba bien ahora. \"Valen\" ella me dijo con voz quebrada \"lo siento mucho\" levantó su mirada y su cara me partió el corazón, sus ojos estaban nublados con lágrimas y estaba inundada en la tristeza. En parte yo era la culpable de esto, había dejado que mis celos se pusieran en medio de algo más importante y eso era demostrarle a Pía que yo siempre estaría con ella para protegerla, amarla y hacerla feliz pero logré demostrarle todo lo contrario. Agarré su brazo ligeramente y la acerqué hacia mi, la abracé y la mantuve cerca de mi cuerpo por varios minutos, no quería soltarla nunca, sentía cada una de sus lagrimas caer sobre mi hombro y yo solo acariciaba su espalda reconfortándola. Pía me sujetaba con desesperación no queriendo soltarme, parecía que habían pasado mil años desde la última vez que la tuve cerca de esta forma, cuando en realidad, solo había pasado menos de un día. Acerqué mi cabeza a su oído suficiente para murmurar en el \"Yo también lo siento\" le dije mientras dejaba pequeños besos en su cabeza. Pía sollozo y levanto su cara para verme, su hermosa cara estaba cubierta de lágrimas, levanté mi mano y limpie algunas con mi dedo. \"Tu no tienes porque pedirme perdón de nada\" ella dijo mientras yo seguía secando sus lagrimas. Yo sonreí tristemente y toqué su mejilla con mi mano acariciándola suavemente \"Claro que tengo porque, te lastimé, te dije que quería estar contigo y en menos de un día te dije que era muy pronto\". Me sentía terrible por haber dicho eso, probablemente no se notó en mí pero la cara que Pía puso cuando le dije esas palabras era suficiente para sentirme la persona más horrible del mundo, incluso aún mas que Kike, eso era mucho. Pía besó mi mano y luego la agarró con la suya \"Tenías un razón muy buena para hacerlo Valen\" me dijo seriamente \"No te mentiré, me mato que lo digieras, pero realmente no esperaba más\". Agarré sus dos manos con las mías y la vi directamente a los ojos \"Lo que te dije fue un error Pía\". Pía parpadeó sorprendida y mantuvo mi mirada sin decir nada, yo continué \"Lo que dije de que es muy pronto, claro que no lo es, es el tiempo exacto en el que teníamos que estar juntas, nunca será muy pronto para que estemos juntas.\" Finalmente una pequeña sonrisa se formó en los labios de Pía, algo que desató gran felicidad en mi \"¿Qué significa lo que me estás diciendo?\" me preguntó. Yo sonreí enormemente y le dije con toda la sinceridad y el amor de mi corazón \"Significa que desde este momento yo soy completamente tuya, toda mi felicidad, mi amor, mi corazón es tuyo ahora, solamente tuyo.\" La sonrisa de Pía crecía con cada palabra que decía y esa sonrisa me derretía, en segundos el brillo de sus ojos nació de nuevo y yo me enamoré de ella todavía más \"Y significa que ahora tu eres mía y que estaré a tu lado todo el tiempo que me quieras contigo haciendo lo posible e imposible por tenerte feliz.\" Pía rió felizmente y me miró a los ojos \"Yo siempre fui tuya Valentina\" Con eso me sacó la sonrisa más grande de todas. Era increíble el efecto que Pía tenía en mi, hacia que todo mi interior se llenará de felicidad. Agarré suavemente su cara y lentamente fui inclinando mi cabeza hasta que nuestros labios estaban lo suficiente cerca, antes de tocarse le dije tiernamente \"Te quiero\" con eso conecte mis labios con ella y la sensación que sentí al momento de besarnos era diferente a las demás, prácticamente le acababa de entregar mi corazón entero y nada más en el mundo podía hacerme más feliz. continuara..[Chapter 6] Frostyniight: Muchas gracias por tu comentario =) Jossy: yo tmb casi casi q las vi por ellas y al final nos vieron la cara con semejante tonteria de q seran amigas -.- gracias por seguir comentando :) yasliz: gracias por seguir leyendo y comentando :) espero para el sábado tengas a tu Pía sentada debajo del pino :) angelito23: muchas gracias por seguir leyendo y comentando mi historia, espero te siga gustando :) GinebraRemyHadley : q bueno q te hizo feliz! :) ojala los siguientes tmb lo hagan! :) Basketcase89 : gracias por tu comentario, me alegra que te haya gustado el final :) Karen: yo en verdad espero que haya una 2nda temporada, no pueden dejarla asi =( te agradezco q hayas pasado a comentar :) Esté capitulo es diferente a los demás, ya que comienza con un sueño, espero les guste, quise agregarle algo diferente. muchas gracias por seguir leyendo y felices fiestas a todos =) -Pía- Estaba parada en medio de un campo cubierto de grandes pliegues de nieve, mis zapatos estaban completamente hundidos en este mar blanco, una suave y fresca brisa soplaba, mi cabello bailaba con aquella brisa y aunque no usaba la ropa adecuada para un día de invierno, no sentía ni escalofríos, en cambio sentía que la temperatura era la adecuada. Voltee a mi alrededor y solo veía blanco, di algunos pasos hacia el frente y pinos y robles empezaron a formarse con cada paso que daba. Rápidamente aumente el paso, la profundidad de la nieve no me era ningún obstáculo, mas bien parecía que flotaba por arriba de ella. Mientras caminaba alcancé a ver que a lo lejos se formaba una pequeña cabaña. Caminé hacia ella mientras miraba sorprendida a mí alrededor, era un día claro, la brisa era cada vez más fuerte y algunos copos de nieve comenzaban a caer. Finalmente llegué a la cabaña, en la puerta de madera había un letrero que decía \"Bienvenidos\", exactamente como el que mi casa tiene en su puerta. Supuse que no necesitaba tocar pero me detuve antes de abrir la puerta al no saber que se encontraba detrás, tenía miedo de encontrarme con mi peor pesadilla, con Andy, con el hombre del tatuaje o con cualquier hombre que quisiera algo de mí. De repente escuche una voz que venía dentro de la cabaña, cantaba una melodía y sonreí sabiendo exactamente de quién era la voz. Con confianza empuje la puerta y sentí una calidez rodear mi cuerpo. Dentro de la cabaña había una chimenea en el fondo con un fuego ardiendo en ella. Una mujer con cabello negro se encontraba inclinada en frente de la chimenea dándome la espalda. Me acerqué hacia ella y toqué su hombro. \" Hola de vuelta\" dijo Adela sonriendo \"Estoy cocinando unos bombonsotes para la cena\" agregó con una pequeña risa y noté que en el rincón se encontraba Ignacio sentando observando a Adela. Yo reí y me di la vuelta, típico de Adela. Dirigí mi vista hacia la escalera en forma de caracol donde iba bajando Greta. \" Pía\" Greta me sonrió enormemente mientras se acercó hacia mi \"Valentina te esta esperando en el techo\" Mi sonrisa creció y sentí las mariposas volar dentro de mi estomago al escuchar ese nombre. \"Te tiene una sorpresa\" Greta me sonrió por última vez y se alejó para que pudiera pasar. Lentamente y con una creciente emoción subí las escaleras para después encontrarme en un pasillo ancho y largo cubierto de puertas cerradas. De una de las puertas salieron Nina y Marisa riendo. Nina paro de reírse al verme y sonrió \"en esta puerta esta la escalera para el techo\". Marisa rio y sacudió mi cabello con su mano mientras yo entraba por la puerta. Subí las escaleras que estaban dentro y cuando llegue al final de nuevo sentí esa brisa fresca acariciar mi piel, lo único que cambiaba ahora es que ya era de noche. El techo por igual estaba cubierto de blanco y a unos cuantos pasos en frente de mi se encontraba Valentina. Mi corazón palpito dentro de mí y me acerque hacia ella, debió haber escuchado mis pasos porque de repente volteó a verme. Me sonrió encantadoramente y yo le sonreí de vuelta \"Viniste\" me dijo mientras alejaba unos mechones de su cabello rojo que habían caído en su cara. Me ofreció su mano y yo la agarré fuertemente, con una última sonrisa me guió hasta donde estaba la cornisa. \" Recuerdas todas esas noches que despertabas llorando porque tenías pesadillas?\" Me preguntó, como olvidarlo, no había habido ni un día en el que no hubiera tenido pesadillas, todos mis sueños siempre eran iguales, mi pasado me perseguía cuando me iba a dormir. \" Aún lo vivo\" le conteste suspirando tristemente. \"Greta me dijo que me tenías algo\" Valentina sonrió y asintió con su cabeza \"No más pesadillas Pía\" Valentina me dijo y yo la mire confundida. \" Despierta\" me dijo sonriendo \"Hoy acaban todas las pesadillas que te persiguen…\" Yo le sonreí por última vez y de repente todo a mí alrededor parecía desvanecerse. Abrí lentamente mis ojos con la sonrisa más grande plasmada en mis labios, levanté mi mirada y vi a Valentina durmiendo a mi lado, levanté mi brazo y apoyé mi cabeza en mi mano mientras que con la otra alejaba los mechones de cabello rojo de Valentina que se encontraban cubriendo sus ojos. Continué acariciando su cabello mientras recordaba lo que había pasado unas horas antes… \" Te quiero\" Valentina me dijo antes de conectar mis labios con los suyos. Mi corazón se disparó y poco a poco comenzó a acelerarse. Pasé mi mano por su mejilla y la mantuve ahí, sujetando su cara mientras nos besábamos. Habíamos pasado de un te adoro a un te quiero, y la sensación que sentía dentro de mi era increíble, pocos \"te quiero\" he escuchado en mi vida, de hecho los únicos han venido de mi mamá, y aunque se que me quería eran contadas las veces en que lo demostraba. Tuve años difíciles y a ella no parecía importarle ni poco, y luego entré a esta casa y todo cambió cuando conocí a Valentina, por primera vez a alguien le importaba lo que me pasaba y por primera vez me sentía amada y protegida. Puse mi otra mano en su hombro y lentamente empecé a empujarla para acostarla en la cama sin separar mis labios de los suyos, hasta que su espalda tocó con el colchón y yo me encontraba arriba de ella. La intensidad de nuestros besos subía de una forma que nunca habíamos experimentado, nos besábamos con desesperación tratando de saborear cada instante, pase mi mano por sus brazos acariciándolos suavemente y fue hasta que sentimos la necesidad de respirar que nos detuvimos. Lentamente levante mi cara y la mire directamente. \"Yo también te quiero\" le dije sinceramente. Una sonrisa lentamente se empezó a dibujar en los labios de Valentina, haciendo que las mariposas se volvieran locas dentro de mí, nos quedamos unos minutos simplemente viéndonos a los ojos, una ola de tranquilidad nos recubría. Sentí las manos de Valentina acariciar delicadamente mis hombros y mi espalda y se detuvo hasta que sus manos llegaron a mis costados, comenzó haciendo pequeños círculos con sus dedos sobre mi piel y después prosiguió hacer lo que menos aguantaba en el mundo, cosquillas… \" Valentina!\" yo reí mientras caí en la cama sobre mi lado derecho. Valentina rió conmigo y seguía haciéndome cosquillas mientras yo trataba de alejar sus manos de mi piel. La verdad es que amaba las sensaciones que Valentina despertaba en mí, aunque las cosquillas me parecían odiosas, el tenerla tocándome y acariciándome era la mejor sensación en el mundo. \"Ya Valentina\" le dije riendo \"Ya basta\" Valentina rió por última vez y se acostó en la cama a mi lado, volteé a verla para encontrarme con su sonrisa, últimamente no dejábamos de sonreír, podíamos quedarnos horas simplemente sonriéndonos. \" Ven acá\" ella me dijo mientras levantaba su brazo para que pudiera abrazarla. Felizmente me acerqué hacia ella y recargué mi cabeza en su pecho, ella puso su brazo alrededor de mí y me mantuvo cerca. Ojalá todas las noches fueran así de ahora en adelante. Suspire profundamente y cerré mis ojos, supongo que Valentina también hizo lo mismo porque después de unos minutos nos quedamos completamente dormidas. Si alguien vino a buscarnos para bajar a cenar jamás nos enteramos. Me acerqué a la cara de Valentina y muy lentamente le fui dejando pequeños besos en su mejilla, de ahí pase a su frente, a su nariz, a sus labios y la sentí sonreír mientras la besaba. Levante mi cabeza y la miré, sus ojos brillaban en la oscuridad de la noche. Se veía cada segundo más hermosa, o tal vez cada segundo me enamoraba mucho más de ella. \"Hola\" le dije en voz baja, ella rió y comenzó a acariciar mi cabello suavemente. \"Hola\" me dijo de regreso. Yo le sonreí y pase mis dedos por sus labios, sonreí aún mas cuando sentí que Valentina besó cada uno de ellos \"Tuve un sueño\" le dije felizmente. Ella levantó sus cejas y me miró curiosamente \"¿Y que soñaste?\" me preguntó. Yo sonreí y suspire alegremente recordando mis sueño \"Digamos que por primera vez en dos años no tuve pesadillas\" Valentina me miró con una sonrisa en sus labios, la forma en que me miraba literalmente me hacía temblar, nunca nadie me había mirado de la forma en que lo hace ella. \"¿Qué cambio ahora?\" Me preguntó, y era obvio que ella sabía la respuesta, su sonrisa me lo decía, solo quería que yo le respondiera como quiera. \"¿No es obvio?\" le pregunté y ella solamente sacudió su cabeza \"Porque tu estás conmigo\" le contesté. Valentina mordió su labio inferior y se sentó en la cama, yo imité sus movimientos luchando con la urgencia de besarla de nueva. Valentina puso su brazo alrededor de mí y yo recargue mi cabeza en su hombro \"Yo haré todo para que jamás vuelvas a tener pesadillas\" Y yo en mi interior sabía que así sería, estos últimos meses había pasado los días más felices y maravillosos de mi vida. \"¿Sabes que?\" me preguntó mientras plantaba un beso sobre mi cabeza. Yo cerré mis ojos absorbiendo la sensación de tener a Valentina cerca y le contesté en voz baja \"¿Que?\" Valentina suspiro y con una pequeña risa dijo \"Me estoy muriendo de hambre!\" Yo cubrí mi cara en su cuello y comencé a reírme. \"Ay Valentina\" le dije mientras continuaba riéndome. Algo que amaba de Valentina es que tenía la facilidad de hacerme reír tanto, podríamos estar sin hacer nada y jamás me aburriría con ella. \"Se que me escucharé mucho como Marisa\" Valentina rió \"¿Pero crees que podamos ir a la cocina?\" Yo levanté mi cara de su cuello todavía riendo y le dije sinceramente \"Por ti todo\". Valentina rió dulcemente y puso su mano en mi mejilla \"¡Así me gusta!\" exclamó felizmente. Yo reí de nuevo y me acerqué a darle un beso que ella muy feliz regreso. Con eso me levanté de la cama y estiré mis brazos para que Valentina los sujetará \"Vamos a buscarte comida\" Valen sujeto mis dos manos y yo la jalé \"Amor\" le agregué riendo. Claro ahora podía llamarle como quisiera, todos esos apodos que las parejas se ponen, tenía todo el derecho de hacerlo, no iba a desaprovecharlo, quería que todos supieran que estaba enamorada. Valentina me sonrió y se acercó a darme un beso en la frente \"Tu eres un amor\" me dijo. Yo sonreí tímidamente y evadí su mirada \"Ay Valen\". Al igual que tenía la facilidad de hacerme reír, también sabía exactamente como hacer que me sonrojara. Valentina rió y puso su mano en mi barbilla y la levantó para que pudiera verla \"Es la verdad\" me dijo seriamente. Yo solo la mire agradecida de que por fin tenía la oportunidad de ser feliz. Yo sacudí mi cabeza y le sonreí \"Eres fatal, deja de hacerme sonrojar y vamos a comer\" Pasé mi mano por su cabello y lo desordené un poco, Valentina rió y agarró mi mano para que juntas saliéramos del cuarto. El pasillo estaba completamente obscuro, era cerca de la media noche y todas estaban dormidas ya, si es que no hicieron el intento de fugarse. \"Oye 'amor'\" Valentina me dijo resaltando la última palabra y las dos nos echamos a reír. Aún era muy extraño que nos llamáramos por esos nombres, pero me hacía increíblemente feliz escucharlo. \"A ver astronauta\" le dije poniendo mi mano sobre su boca para evitar que siguiera riéndose \"Hay q estar calladitas para no despertar a los gorilas de Kike\". De nueva cuenta agarré su mano y nos dirigimos hacia las escaleras, mientras bajábamos Valentina se acercó lo suficiente para murmurar en mi oído \"Así que tu serás la que manda en está relación\" me dijo seriamente. Yo comencé a reírme nuevamente y volteé a verla para encontrarla igual de doblada de la risa como yo \"Despertaste muy graciosita Valentina\". \"Aww\" Valentina dijo y me dio un beso en la mejilla \"Es que me encanta hacerte reír, tienes una risa hermosa.\" De nuevo la timidez me invadió y tuve que bajar mi mirada para evitar verla, era impresionante como podía ser una bestia y enfrentar a Kike, pero cuando se trataba de Valentina simplemente me cohibía. Valentina pasó a lado mío y jaló de mi mano \"Vamos, que estoy que me desmayo\" Yo solté una pequeña risa y deje que Valen me guiará. Cuando bajamos las escaleras se me ocurrió una idea, era hora de vengarme de las cosquillas. Sonreí juguetonamente y sin darle aviso alguno a Valentina, salté a su espalda. \"Pía!\" Valentina gritó sorprendida, yo reí y puse mis brazos alrededor de su cuello \"Acuérdate que yo soy la que manda mi amor\" le murmuré coquetamente en el oído. Valentina dio una risa nerviosa y sujetó mis brazos con sus manos. \"¿Ah si?\" Valen me preguntó juguetonamente. \"Mmhm\" Yo le murmuré mientras me acerqué a su cuello para besarlo, sentía a Valentina temblar con mis besos. Valentina dio algunos pasos y luego dijo \"Entonces espero no te importe que haga esto\" y con eso se agarró a correr por toda la sala hasta llegar a la cocina. \"Esta bien, esta bien\" le dije mientras soltaba mis brazos de su cuello \"me bajo\". Me baje de su espalda y agarré su brazo para voltearla hacia mi. \"Antes de que cenemos\" le dije mientras me acercaba hacia ella \"Primero…\" puse mi mano en su mejilla y acerqué su cara hacia mi \"Necesito un...\" junte mis labios con los suyos y nos besamos por un par de minutos en la oscuridad de la cocina. Como había pasado en nuestro cuarto la intensidad de nuestros besos aumentaba, lentamente comencé a empujarla hacia el refrigerador, pero en el proceso alcanzamos a patear una silla que cayó al suelo causando tremendo ruido. Rápidamente nos separamos y escuchamos un murmuro venir de la sala. Volteé a ver a Valentina preocupada y le murmuré \"Los guardias de Kike\" nos quedamos calladas unos minutos esperando que el murmuro de los guardias se detuviera, minutos después pudimos respirar tranquilas al notar que los ruidos habían callado. \"Busquemos la comida rápido antes de que regresen\" Valentina me dijo, yo asentí con mi cabeza y muy calladamente nos dirigimos al refrigerador. \"Tu busca y yo cuido\" le dije a Valentina quien se encontraba sacando varias cosas ya para la cena. Me aleje un poco de la cocina y di unos pasos en dirección a la sala, quería estar segura de que no nos descubrirían, en suficientes enredos estaba metida con Kike ya para meterme ahora en un problema. Cuidadosamente me asomé hacia la sala y me sorprendí al ver que no había nadie, pero de repente sentí a una persona caminar atrás de mi, sentía su respiración atrás de mi cuello y tenía miedo de voltear, sentía la respiración de esa persona acercarse cada vez más y más. Me congele y me preparé para lo peor. \"¿Qué haces Pía?\" Valentina murmuró en mi oído, yo cerré mis ojos y deje salir el respiro que me tenía guardado, Valentina me las iba a pagar ahora. Volteé a verla y la encontré dándome una sonrisa dulce mientras sostenía una bolsa en su mano. He dicho ya que Valentina cada vez está mas hermosa? Olvidándome de lo que iba hacer, agarré su cara entre mis manos y la besé ferozmente. Valentina soltó la bolsa que sujetaba y puso sus manos alrededor de mi cintura, yo puse mis manos alrededor de su cuello y me le acerqué lo más que podía. Valentina me guió hasta el centro de la sala sin detener nuestros besos y muy lentamente me recostó sobre el sillón. Millones de sensaciones pasaron por mi cuerpo, los besos de Valentina eran adictivos, necesitaba más de ella, pero esté no era nuestro día de suerte. El pánico recorrió nuestro cuerpo cuando repentinamente la luz de la sala se prendió, Valen se separó de mi y me miró preocupada, rápidamente volteamos a ver quien había entrado al cuarto. \"¿Qué hacen aquí?\" Escuchamos la voz preguntar. continuara...[Chapter 7] Muchas gracias a todas por sus comentarios =D JackieVodka: gracias en verdad por seguir mi historia y por tus comentarios q me hicieron sonreir haha, gracias :) yasliz: q locura con las super amigas, ojalá nos hablaran a todas nosotras para hacer una 2nda temporada como se nos plazca! gracias por tu comentario :) ginebraremyhadley : yo tuve pesima suerte con mi regalo haha, espero q tu no ;) y espero muy próximamente leer tu historia de pialentina =D basketcase89 : me alegra que te haya parecido lindo, ojalá esté te parezca tmb :) Valentona : Q gusto q te hayas pasado a leer mi fic y a comentar, te lo aprecio mucho =) y q mas quisiera ayudarles! necesitan pero una supera ayudota con sus finales! jossy: ya pronto kike dejará de ser un obstaculo para poder pasar a un final feliz =) Feliz Navidad a todas, les mandó mis mejores deseos! -Valentina- Me encontraba totalmente absorbida en otro mundo, mantenía mis ojos cerrados y mis manos automáticamente se movían tratando de acariciar cada rincón del cuerpo de está increíble mujer que desde hace unas horas ya era mía. El besar a Pía se volvía cada vez más una experiencia intoxicante, cada beso era un placer y cada caricia era inolvidable, la pasión que comenzaba a encenderse era solamente el resultado de todo el amor y cariño que nos teníamos, me encontraba experimentando sensaciones que jamás en mi vida había sentido y que por mucho superaban mis expectativas. Cada vez quería y necesitaba más de ella, mi alrededor y la realidad fue desvaneciéndose poco a poco mientras me consumía cada vez mas en los labios de Pía, hasta que una luz muy brillante despertó mis sentidos de vuelta y cuando volví a mi realidad me di cuenta que alguien había encendido la luz de la sala. Rápidamente levanté mi cabeza y mire a Pía, las dos compartíamos la misma cara de pánico y preocupación, entre nuestra sorpresa y miedo de voltear a ver quién había entrado escuchamos una voz que nos llamó. \"¿Qué hacen aquí\" escuchamos la voz preguntar desde la puerta. Suspiré aliviadamente y me alejé de Pía para sentarme en el sillón y ella hizo lo mismo. \"Mari, que susto!\" le exclamé estando más tranquila ya, sentía que el alma me volvía al cuerpo, tremendo desastre hubiera sido que la persona que nos descubriera fuera Kike o alguno de sus guardias. \"Perdón\" Marisa rió y se acercó a nosotras \"Es que escuche unos ruidos y como los gorilas de Kike no pueden estar a está hora en la casa, me preocupe\" \"Fresca Mari\" Pía dijo mientras jugaba con su fleco, yo sonreí y me quedé unos segundos observándola, se veía adorable cuando hacía eso. \"Ya nos íbamos a nuestro cuarto\" Pía agregó y asentí con mi cabeza, al voltear a ver a Marisa noté que una sonrisa sugestiva estaba congelada en sus labios. \"¿Y que estaban haciendo acá?\" Marisa preguntó con aquella mirada curiosa pero a la vez sugestiva. Pía y yo nos miramos y nos sonrojamos recordando lo que estábamos haciendo unos minutos antes de que Marisa nos interrumpiera. Pía miró hacia el suelo y dijo \"Hm yo, perdón nosotras…\" Yo reí calladamente al ver lo nerviosa y avergonzada que estaba Pía de que Marisa nos había encontrado en la posición en la que estábamos. Yo le sonreí y decidí salvarla \"Tenía hambre Mari\" le dije a Marisa volteándola a ver \"Pía me acompaño a la cocina\". \"Ahhh\" Marisa dijo extendiendo el sonido de la palabra juguetonamente \"Hambre\" dijo mientras volteaba a vernos una a la otra sonriendo \"Mucha hambre diría yo\" agregó mientras con sus ojos indicaba al sillón donde estábamos sentadas. Reí con su comentario porque obviamente nos había visto besándonos, pero yo le seguí el juego. \"Sí, toda esa bolsa es la comida\" le dije mientras señalaba la bolsa que se encontraba tirada cerca de la puerta de la sala. Marisa volteó a ver la bolsa y luego movió su mirada hacia mi \"Si ya veo\" ella dijo asintiendo \"¿Pero como es que la bolsa esta hasta allá y ustedes acá eh?\" Marisa levantó su dedo índice a su boca y comenzó a morderse la uña tratando de disimular la sonrisa que colgaba de sus labios, pero era más que obvia. \"Ay Mari\" Pía dijo haciendo un gesto de indiferencia \"Cosas raras pasan en esta casa\" Volteé a verla y le sonreí sorprendiéndome de lo roja que estaba, miré a Marisa y seguí con la excusa \"Si, tu no ves que Agrieta en la noche se vuelve Lola, ah y q a Nina se le cae el cabello\" Pía asintió y continuo \"Si Mari, pasan cosas rarísimas aquí.\" Marisa rió no creyéndonos del todo y yo sacudí mi cabeza riendo, si Marisa sabía de nosotras dos sinceramente no me importaba, era demasiado obvio desde antes que entre Pía y yo existía algo, todas podían verlo. \"¿Oye Mari?\" Yo empecé a preguntarle \"¿Y que haces tu acá?\" \"Ah,¿yo?\" Marisa dijo señalándose a si mi misma \"Yo vine por agua, tenía sed\" Pía y yo nos quedamos calladas y la observamos no creyendo lo que nos decía, Marisa suspiro al ver que no nos tragamos su excusa \"Bueno, me dio hambre, si? Pero no le digan a Nina por favor\" Yo reí al ver lo preocupada que estaba porque Nina se enterará que estaba rompiendo la dieta, últimamente Marisa estaba aferrada en bajar de peso, algo que a excepción de Nina, nadie lo creía necesario, Marisa tenía una chispa que podría cautivar a quién fuera, no necesitaba de dietas, ella era una chica increíble y hermosa, por dentro y fuera. \"Fresca, fresca no le diremos nada\" le dije tranquilizándola. \"Oigan yo no se ustedes pero no deberíamos irnos ya, antes de que alguien vea la luz prendida?\" Pía nos preguntó preocupada, muy envuelta en nuestra conversación había olvidado que ya era muy tarde y si alguien nos encontraba aquí estaríamos metidas en problemas. \"Hm\" Marisa dijo observando la bolsa que estaba en la entrada de la sala \"¿Me invitan?\" dijo indicando la bolsa con sus ojos. Pía y yo nos echamos una carcajada al escuchar eso, era impresionante como Marisa tenía su cabeza en la comida siempre, probablemente ella y Fatu sí hacen buena pareja, claro ella pensaba que nosotros no teníamos idea de que algo estaba desenvolviéndose ahí. \"Claro Mari\" le dijimos. \"Yei!\" Marisa exclamó felizmente y se levantó rápidamente a ir por la bolsa. Pía y yo nos volteamos a ver y nos sonreímos dulcemente, me levante del sofá y le ofrecí mi mano, ella la tomó y se levantó mientras me daba una mirada encantadora haciéndome sentir las mariposas aletear en el estomago, su sonrisa definitivamente era mi debilidad. Yo la jalé hacia mi cuerpo y le di un fuerte abrazo por unos segundos absorbiendo su aroma, moría de ganas por tenerla cerca. Las sensaciones que corrían en mi cuerpo al abrazarla eran indescriptibles. Del otro lado de la sala Marisa nos observaba con una sonrisa alegre y comprensiva dibujada en sus labios. Solté a Pía y con las manos juntas salimos de la sala. Subimos las escaleras con Marisa caminando detrás de nosotras cargando la bolsa \"De ahora en adelante, yo seré una Píalentina fan\". Marisa dijo muy orgullosa de si misma. Pía y yo la volteamos a ver confundidas \"¿una que?\" Pía le preguntó riendo. \"Una Píalentina fan\" Marisa repitió mientras paso junto a nosotras en las escaleras \"Así como Brad Pitt y Angelina son Brangelina, ustedes son Pialentina\" Yo reí y volteé a ver a Pía sacudiendo la cabeza \"Tus ideas Marisa\" En mi interior estaba realmente feliz con ese nombre. \"Bueno yo las dejo\" Marisa dijo sonriendo \"Que pasen una noche deli\" dijo recalcando la última palabra y con eso se fue a su cuarto cargando un sándwich. Pia y yo entramos a nuestro cuarto y yo puse la bolsa en la mesita de noche a lado de mi cama, ya que por fin estábamos solas y en un lugar donde no nos iban a interrumpir pensaba retomar la situación en la que nos habíamos quedado. \"En donde nos quedamos?\" le pregunte a Pía sonriendo sugestivamente. \"Hm\" Pía sonrió y se acercó poniendo sus brazos alrededor de mi cuello \"En algo parecido a esto\" dijo mientras acercaba sus labios a los míos, mi corazón poco a poco comenzaba a acelerarse y prácticamente se detuvo cuando nuestros labios se tocaron. Nos besamos por unos segundos hasta que me alejé, le sonreí y me senté en la cama invitándola a hacer lo mismo, ella imitó mi movimiento y de nuevo se acercó a besarme, yo acepte felizmente y pasé mi mano por su mejilla acercando su cara todavía más a la mía intensificando el beso. Delicadamente la empujé hacia la cama hasta que estábamos acostadas lado a lado sin romper el beso. Nos besábamos suavemente, cada beso era más dulce que el otro, puse mi brazo alrededor de su cintura y la acerqué a mi, ella rompió el beso y me miro a los ojos, con tan solo mirarme me dijo todo lo que yo quería escuchar, le sonreí y le di un beso en la frente, ella se acurruco hacia mi y yo recargue mi cabeza arriba de la suya. Minutos después nos quedamos dormidas en esa posición. Al otro día despertamos aún abrazadas, la felicidad que sentía en mi era enorme, era increíble como una serie de situaciones que me llevaron a esta casa pudieron cambiar mi vida enormemente, jamás había estado tan feliz y jamás me había sentido tan bien conmigo misma, de cierta forma, me daba miedo cuando llegará la hora de salir de la casa de Maca. Yo fui la primera en despertar, abrí los ojos para encontrarme con la imagen de Pía durmiendo tranquilamente, sonreí y jugué con su fleco unos minutos hasta que Pía comenzó a abrir los ojos poco a poco. Me sonrió de vuelta con una cara de medio dormida y yo sonreí aún más. \"Ahora si tenemos que bajar con todas\" le dije en voz baja mientras pasaba mis dedos por su mejilla. \"Lo se\" Ella me dijo silenciosamente \"con todas y con Kike\" agregó girando los ojos. De repente sentí crecer el enojo dentro de mí, la situación con Kike no había acabado y aunque había olvidado todo, nuevamente sentí que volví a la realidad en la que nos encontrábamos. Suspirando me levanté de la cama jalando a Pía conmigo. \"Ojala un carro le pasará por encima\" pensé en voz alta, la rabia creciendo dentro de mí. Pía se acercó a mí y pasó sus manos por mis brazos reconfortándome \"No te preocupes por el sí? No dejaré que suceda nada\" Yo sonreí y asentí con mi cabeza. Pía se acercó a mí y ligeramente me dio un beso en los labios. \"Bajemos rápido, antes de que vengan a buscarnos y se nos armé algo\". Con eso las dos nos cambiamos y nos arreglamos para bajar, a enfrentar otro día más a Don Kikin. Cuando llegamos al comedor nos dimos cuenta que ya éramos las últimas en bajar y las demás ya se encontraban en la mesa desayunando, di una pequeña risa al ver que Marisa estaba amargamente comiendo solamente un plato de fruta, al menos ya sabíamos a que hora del día realmente buscaba comida. \"Vaya\" Adela dijo mientras comía su desayuno \"Hasta que nos deleitan con su presencia\" Yo reí y le di un ligero golpe en la parte de atrás de su cabeza mientras Pía y yo nos sentábamos a su lado. Silenciosamente comimos todas, con Kike ahí presente la verdad que no teníamos ganas de más y tratamos de comer lo más rápido posible para poder irnos de la mesa. Cuando terminamos Pía, Brenda y yo nos fuimos a la cocina a limpiar y arreglar los platos. Mientras Pía lavaba los platos, yo los secaba y Brenda los guardaba en las repisas. Cuando estábamos a punto de terminar algo curioso sucedió que me llamó la atención. \"¿Pía?\" Brenda la llamó mientras acomodaba el último plato en la repisa. Pía levantó la mirada después de secarse las manos. La mire cuidadosamente y noté que se veía incomoda por la forma en que abría y cerraba sus manos. \"¿Si?\" Ella le contestó mirándola curiosamente así como yo lo hacía. \"Hm\" Brenda volteó a verme por un segundo y luego volteó su mirada a Pía \"Quería ver si podía hablar contigo un momento\" Entendí la indirecta perfectamente, Brenda quería hablar con Pía solamente, pero yo me resistía a irme, mi curiosidad me ganaba, pero al final decidí que si no me quería ahí me iría, Pía me lo contaría después. Agarré la toalla que estaba usando para secar los platos y la tiré al fregadero \"Bueno, creo que yo iré a ver que hace Adela\" les dije mientras volteaba a verlas, la curiosidad creciendo cada vez más en mi. Estaba a punto de irme cuando Pía agarró mi mano \"Valen\" me dijo y yo voltee a verla \"¿Me esperas en el patio?\" Yo le sonreí y asentí con mi cabeza \"Claro\" le dije, rápidamente volteé a ver a Brenda y le di una pequeña sonrisa que ella también regreso, con eso solté la mano de Pía y salí de la cocina en busca de Adela. Mientras subía las escaleras y me dirigía al cuarto de Adela y Greta, lo único que pasaba por mi mente era que tan importante era lo que quería decirle Brenda a Pía que yo no podía quedarme, la verdad que no se me ocurría ni una sola idea. Además de que tontamente sentía un poco de celos, yo no sabía ni quién era Brenda, ni de donde venía ni porque estaba aquí, por lo tanto no le tenía mucha confianza. Finalmente llegué al cuarto de Adela y abrí la puerta sin tocar, cuando entre la vi sentada en la cama observando su muñeca, como siempre lo hacia cuando estaba preocupada por algo. Cerré la puerta detrás de mi y la saludé \"Hola Ade\" le dije mientras me sentaba en la cama a lado de ella. Ella volteó a verme aún sujetando su muñeca y me sonrió, detrás de esa sonrisa se encontraba algo que la molestaba. \"Valen\" me dijo con cierta alegría en su voz \"Ahora no vienes con tu siamesa, q raro\" me dijo sonriendo. Yo sonreí con ella, todos en esta casa habían notado que desde el primer día Pía y yo éramos inseparables, lo cuál me llenaba de felicidad, desde muy temprano sabíamos que había algo mas. \"No\" yo le contesté y después agregué \"Se quedo hablando con Brenda\" le dije un tanto fastidiada, si, definitivamente estaba celosa. Adela frunció el ceño confundida del porqué Brenda estaría con Pía, al menos yo no era la única que lo encontraba raro \"Uy y ese milagro, la nueva quiere hacerse amigas de todas o que?\" Yo sacudí mi cabeza \"Yo no se, solo se que quería hablar con Pía a solas\" le dije mientras desordenaba mi cabello con mi mano. Adela me sonrió sintiendo mi incomodidad con el tema y me dijo \"Bueno, tu tranqui, que de seguro Pía va ir a correr con el chisme contigo\" Las dos reímos sabiendo que lo que decía Adela era verdad. Estos últimos días me había apegado mucho a Adela, especialmente desde que Pía pudo irse de la casa, se había convertido en más que una compañera, una amiga quizás? \"Y tu que?\" le pregunté finalmente \"No se le ha caído el pelo a la muñeca de tanto que la peinas?\" le pregunte juguetonamente. \"No, pero no falta nada para que le salgan canas como a mi porque ya no aguanto al odioso de Kike\" Adela dijo mientras ponía la muñeca en la cama. Yo asentí mi cabeza estando de acuerdo con ella. En ese momento escuchamos la puerta abrirse y volteamos a ver quién era; era Marisa, probablemente ya estaba cansada con Nina sobre su bobada esa de casarse. Marisa era otra de las chicas con la que me había apegado más, además de que era la única en esta casa que sabía con seguridad que Pía y yo éramos algo más. Marisa cerró la puerta y se mantuvo parada \"¿Qué hacen?\" Nos pregunto a las dos. Yo la mire y le hice un gesto de indiferencia \"Nada\" le contesté \"Solo hablamos de lo insoportable que es Kike\" \"Si tan solo pudiera salir de aquí\" Adela dijo repente y yo voltee a verla. Con el tono de su voz sabía que estaba planeando algo, y cuando Adela planeaba algo, todas sabíamos que el resultado eran problemas para ella y para todas. \"Oigan y si me ayudan a salir de aquí?\" Adela preguntó con una sonrisa. Sabía las consecuencias que traería si la ayudábamos a escapar, pero algo me decía que Adela no quería escaparse simplemente porque sí, la cercanía que había establecido con ella me hacía sentir que trataría de ayudarnos mientras estuviera fuera. Mire a Marisa y supuse que ella también estaba pensando lo mismo que yo. Finalmente suspire y pensé en acceder, la verdad es que ya no había nada más que perder. \"Esta bien\" le dije y Marisa sonrió accediendo también. Después de elaborar el plan para ayudar a Adela a salir de la casa camine hacia el patio donde le dije a Pía que me encontraría con ella. Moría de las ganas de enterarme sobre lo que ella y Brenda hablaron, pero tampoco quería verme muy metida, tan solo esperaba que Pía me lo digiera sin que yo tuviera que preguntar. Al llegar al patio, vi que Pía ya se encontraba ahí sentada arriba de la mesa, lo pensativa que se veía me preocupa. Rápidamente me acerqué hacia ella y me senté a su lado, ligeramente toqué su brazo. \"Estas bien?\" le pregunté preocupada, ella me miró a los ojos y asintió con la cabeza, sus ojos estaban nublados con lágrimas, lo cuál me hizo preocuparme más. Que le había dicho Brenda que la tenía así. \"¿Segura que estás bien?\" Le pregunté nuevamente, me mataba ver a Pía con los ojos llorosos, estaba tan acostumbrada a su sonrisa ya. Pía asintió de nuevo, pero dirigió su mirada al suelo \"Si Valen, solo que la charla con Brenda me hizo recordar varias cosas de mi pasado\" Eso era, lo único que podía tener a Pía así era recordar toda la porquería que vivió. Suspiré tristemente al verla así de afligida, me acerqué a ella y puse mi brazo alrededor de sus hombros abrazándola hacia mí. \"¿Por qué?\" Le pregunté curiosamente mientras la mantenía cerca de mí. Pía suspiro y finalmente dijo \"Brenda estaba en el mismo lugar que yo, por eso se me hacia conocida\" Puso mi mano en mi pierna y empezó a trazar pequeños círculos en ella mientras continuaba \"Solamente hablamos un poquito, de que había pasado con nosotras, la verdad que no quiero recordar\" Yo la abracé fuertemente y le di un beso en la cabeza \"No te preocupes, no me digas más\" Pía levantó su cabeza mirándome y me sonrió \"Y tu que hiciste mientras?\" me preguntó mientras limpiaba sus lágrimas con la manga de su suéter. Yo mordí mi labio inferior y debatí en decirle lo del plan con Adela, pero me era muy difícil mantenerle secretos a Pía, además de que si se enteraba sin que yo le digiera presentía que me metería en problemas con ella, así que mejor decidí decirle. \"Ayudamos a Adela con un plan, Marisa y yo\" Pía me miro con una cara de interés y a la vez de preocupación \"Ayudarla en que exactamente\" Me preguntó. Sabía que su reacción al decirle no sería buena, \"Hm\" murmuré mientras arreglaba mi fleco nerviosamente \"A escapar de la casa\" le dije finalmente. Las palabras apenas habían salido de mi boca cuando Pía rápidamente se paró y me miro con una cara de desaprobación, \"Valentina como vas a ayudarla a hacer eso!\" Me preguntó con cierto enojo en su voz. Yo me encogí de hombros y suspiré profundamente \"Pía, la verdad es que no me importa mucho si Adela se escapa o no, además de que siento que ella nos ayudará si sale.\" Pía resopló y sacudió su cabeza \"Valen, Adela solo se ayuda a si misma\" me dijo en voz alta. Yo evadí su mirada y mire al piso, no quería pelearme con ella de nuevo. Escuché a Pía suspirar y con una voz más tranquila me dijo \"No hagas esto, que pasa si te metes en problemas con Kike?\" Me preguntó preocupada. Yo me levanté de la mesa y la mire a los ojos \"Pía no pasará nada, además no se, siento que algo bueno saldrá de esto, no confías en mi?\" Pía me miró insegura por un momento y después suspiro \"Si, si confió en ti\" finalmente me dijo. \"Entonces créeme que todo saldrá bien\" le dije sonriendo \"Ahora, vayamos a preparar la cena que ahí empieza el plan\" -Pía- No se porque sentía que algo malo iba a salir de esto. Ayudar a Adela solo traía problemas siempre y no quería a Valentina metiéndose en esto, pero si ella estaba decidida la ayudaría. Eso era algo que me gustaba de ella, siempre hacia lo que quería sin que nada se lo impidiera. Después de tener nuestra charla en el patio, nos fuimos al comedor a ayudar al resto de las niñas a terminar con la cena, porque ahora que Kike era el amo y señor de la casa nosotras teníamos la obligación de limpiar, hacer la cena y recoger, como si fuéramos sus sirvientas! En fin, yo no tenía idea de cómo iba a resultar esto de ayudar a Adela a escapar de la casa porque todo se veía normal, hicimos la cena y nos sentamos en el comedor en los mismos lugares de siempre. Valentina, Adela y yo de un lado, Nina, Marisa y Greta del otro, y las nuevas adiciones a la mesa, Brenda y Kike en los extremos. Apenas nos habíamos sentado en la mesa, cuando se desató toda la locura. \"Oye, oye!\" Valentina le gritó a Adela mientras las dos agarraban un frasco de sal \"Yo la agarre primero\" Ya sabía a donde se dirigía esto, me dieron ganas de reír al ver a Valentina tan metida en su papel. A esa pelea también se metió Marisa, había olvidado por completo que Marisa era parte de esto también. \"Las odio!\" Adela gritó \"Las odio a todas!\" Voltee a ver a Kike que se encontraba totalmente desconcertado, no sabía que era meterse con las niñas mal de está casa, lo cuál me hizo sonreír con orgullo. Al final todas estaban confundidas gritándose una a la otra, Nina estaba gritando una bobada de tener comida vegetariana, Adela y Valentina se gritaban su odio mutuo y Greta y Brenda solamente miraban. Finalmente Kike reacciono y nos grito a todas \"YA BASTA!\" dijo levantándose de la mesa y todas volteamos a verlo \"Se van a su cuarto todos que no tengo tiempo de estar lidiando con sus estupideces, y tu Adela\" dijo señalándola \"Te vas a la biblioteca\" Kike lanzó su servilleta a la mesa y salió del comedor gritando maldiciones en el trayecto. Rápidamente volteé a ver a Valentina y a Adela para ver que más harían, pero antes de que pudiera preguntar otra cosa, Valentina, Marisa y Adela salieron del comedor aún gritándose de cosas, dejándonos a las demás mirándonos confundidas. \"¿Qué les pasa a éstas ahora?\" Greta me preguntó, yo solamente encogí mis hombros y fingiendo que no sabía le dije \"No se, ya sabes como están las hormonas aquí\". \"Bueno, arreglemos todo este desastre\" Greta dijo mientras recogía los platos \"Antes de que Kike nos mandé a la biblioteca también.\" Brenda y yo ayudamos a Greta a levantar los platos de la mesa y cuando íbamos a entrar a la cocina, Brenda me murmuró \"Segura que no sabes que pasa?\" Yo sacudí mi cabeza y me fui a dejar los platos al fregadero aún preocupada por los problemas en los que se metería Valentina por hacer esto. Al terminar con la cocina, mientras las demás no veían, me escapé para ir a buscar a Valentina, algo me decía que ella sería la que estaría en la biblioteca. Antes de entrar, por la puerta alcance a ver a alguien sentada dando la espaldas y con una capucha puesta, Valentina se había hecho pasar por Adela. Muy silenciosamente abrí la puerta de la biblioteca y la llamé \"Valen…\" Valentina volteó a verme con cara de sorpresa y espantó \"Ay Pía, no me espantes así, Kike ya vino aquí\" Así que el plan de ayudar a escapar a Adela había funcionado, pero aún así Valentina no estaba libre de los problemas en los que se metería, con ese pensamiento en mi mente fui a la silla que se encontraba a lado de Valentina y me senté en ella \"No has pensado en que hará Kike cuando sepa que tu y Marisa están atrás de esto?\" Le pregunté. Valentina simplemente sacudió su cabeza \"Ya te dije Pía, confía en mi\" Valentina dijo sonriendo \"Yo se lo que hago\". Me dijo en voz baja. Confiaba en ella pero claramente Valentina no sabía lo que hacia y lo descubrimos cuando de repente la puerta de la biblioteca se abrió de una manera agresiva, levantamos la vista y vimos a Kike entrar, el pánico corrió en mi, ya sabíamos que Kike era capaz de todo. \"¿Dónde está Adela?\" preguntó gritándonos. Valentina se volteó en la silla y le dijo \"Aquí no\" Kike giró los ojos y la vio con malicia \"Obvio que aquí no\" En ese instante una persona más entró por la puerta, era Marisa, ella también estaba metida hasta el fondo en esto. \"Que pasa aquí?\" Marisa preguntó. Kike volteó a verla con la misma cara de malicia que le dio a Valentina \"Pasa que Adela no está\" dijo amargamente. Marisa frunció el ceño y fingiendo sorpresa preguntó \"¿En serio?\" \"En serio!\" Kike gritó asustándonos a las tres \"Y quiero verlas a todas en la sala, especialmente a ti\" dijo señalando a Marisa \"Y a ti\" agregó señalando a Valentina. Me congele cuando su dedo apuntó a Valentina, ella era mi fuerza en está casa y si Kike le hacía algo me derrumbaría de nuevo. continuara...[Chapter 8] yasliz: con gusto ayudaría hacer las 20 temporadas solo con ellas :) gracias por comentar :) JackieVodka: No me demoraré en actualizar, pero espero tu tampoco lo hagas, que me tienes picada con tu fic :) ginebraremyhadley : q bueno que te sigue gustando mi historia y gracias por seguir comentado =) y yo tampoco puedo quejarme de lo q recibí :D basketcase89 : oo si, yo soy toda una pialentina fan tambien :) -Pía- Mi corazón se detuvo cuando Kike rugió que especialmente quería hablar con Valentina. Sabíamos ya de lo que era capaz y especialmente yo ya lo había enfrentado, y por más fácil que se volvía jugar con el, el pánico aún corría en mi cuerpo cuando me encontraba a solas con él, y este era el mismo miedo que sentía ahorita. Valentina se había convertido en parte fundamental de mi mejoría, me ayudó a sentirme bien conmigo misma, a darle vuelta al pasado, a enfrentar la vida y especialmente me ayudo a confiar. Incluso cuando dejé la casa extrañaba tanto la seguridad que ella me daba que prácticamente tenía que venir diario a está casa a estar con ella. Conociendo a Kike podría mandarlas muy lejos de aquí, igual a la granja o a alguna otra casa, la verdad es que no sabía que esperar, no era como Maca que te regañaba, te mandaba a tu cuarto y esperaba que reflexionarás, no, Kike simplemente actuaba. Marisa, Valentina y yo caminamos detrás de Kike mientras salíamos de la biblioteca, nos dirigimos a la sala en silencio, por más que Vale me había dicho que sabía lo que hacía en su cara se notaba cierta preocupación. Al menos algo que me tranquilizaba era que Valentina siempre se salía con la suya, en cierta parte si confiaba en ella, pero eso no detenía la palpitación de mi corazón dentro de mi pecho ni el miedo de que Kike nos separará a mi y a Valen. Cuando entramos a la sala el resto de las niñas ya se encontraban sentadas esperando, Marisa fue a sentarse a lado de Nina y Valentina y yo nos sentamos lado a lado en uno de los sillones. Baje mi mirada hacia la mano de Valentina y con un rápido movimiento la tomé entre las mías, apretándola fuertemente. \"¿Qué hicieron ahora estas?\" Nina dijo demandando saber \"Tengo muchos preparativos que hacer para mi boda y cada segundo que paso aquí es pérdida de mi tiempo\". Gire mis ojos con su comentario, Nina seguía con su estupidez de la boda y nosotras aquí con los nervios de punta para ver que pasaría después. Kike al igual que yo giró los ojos \"Pasa que estas dos\" dijo señalando a Marisa y a Valentina \"Ayudaron a Adela a escapar y ahora se largarán de está casa\". Automáticamente apreté aún mas la mano de Valentina, a esto era lo que temía, que seguiría ahora, la Granja? Un reformatorio?. Valentina me miró de reojo rápidamente al sentir la presión en su mano y luego volteó su mirada a Kike. \"A ver, nosotras no podemos irnos de aquí sin la orden de un juez\" dijo tranquilamente. Kike rió de manera burlona y fría haciendo que me congelara con miedo y desprecio \"Yo hice todo legalmente y mañana ustedes se van de aquí\". Valentina sacudió la cabeza y se puso de pie, como aún mantenía su mano agarrada con la mia me levantó con ella \"Irnos a donde!\" ella preguntó en voz alta \"No nos puedes echar de aquí\" Kike rió nuevamente y nos vio con la malicia a todas \"Son todas bobas o que? Que no se han dado cuenta que yo puedo hacer lo que quiera!\" Valentina resopló y lo vio con desprecio \"Y a donde nos vas a mandar? A la granja?\" Kike sonrió y le respondió \"No, desde hoy, tu y Marisa son libres de irse!\" Yo lo mire confundida y en voz baja le pregunté \"Como que libres?\" Kike asintió con su cabeza y repitió \"Si, libres, Marisa y Valentina son libres de irse a sus casas, a la calle, a donde se les pegué la gana, solo que no vengan a joderme más a mí\". Yo cerré mis ojos un segundo y volteé a ver a Valentina, ella sintió mi mirada y volteó a verme, sus ojos se notaban preocupados y tristes, no estábamos preparadas para esto. Yo sacudí mi cabeza, el enojo creciendo en mí, le había dicho que no hiciera esto, bruscamente solté su mano y salí de la sala sintiendo la mirada de Valentina quemar mi espalda mientras salía. No volteé ni un segundo a verla, cada segundo que pasaba me enojaba más, como pudo poner en riesgo su estancia en está casa. Yo sabía que está sensación de enojo que sacudía mi cuerpo no era más que un mecanismo para reprimir la tristeza que en realidad sentía. Valentina era libre de irse de la casa ya, era un poco contradictorio sentirme enojada por eso, no importara como lo hubiera conseguido. Pero en estos momentos solo me encontraba consumida de coraje, especialmente porqué Valentina no me hizo caso cuando le dije que no lo hiciera, me daba coraje que me dejará aquí sola, que después de todos los momentos que estuvo conmigo ahora se fuera, aunque eso técnicamente no era su culpa. Subí las escaleras pisoteando agresivamente los escalones, solo quería entrar a mi cuarto y encerrarme hasta que este enojo cesará. Entrando a mí cuarto azoté la puerta con rabia para cerrarla, me senté en la cama recargándome en la cabecera, mis ojos comenzaban a nublarse con lágrimas de coraje y frustración. Agarré mi tortuga de peluche que estaba en mi cama y comencé a apretarla y a torcerla. En menos de un minuto la puerta del cuarto se abrió y Valentina entro por ella, se notaba agitada, probablemente vino corriendo detrás de mi después de que me fui. \"Pía\" Valentina me dijo suavemente mientras se sentaba en la cama \"Porque te fuiste así?\" Di un último apretón a la tortuga y levanté mi mirada para verla, mis lagrimas ahora cayendo libremente \"Porque Valentina? Porque si te dije que no lo hicieras?\" \"Porque te dije que confiaras en mí\" Valentina dijo nuevamente. Últimamente ella me pedía que confiará en ella, pero estás últimas veces no me era suficiente el tenerle confianza. \"Y esto era parte del plan de ayudar a Adela?\" le contesté amargamente \"Que te echaran a ti y a Marisa dejándonos a nosotros, a mi, en esta casa\" Mi voz creció de tono con cada palabra que salía de mi boca. Valentina sacudió su cabeza \"Claro que no Pía\" ella dijo y luego me miró a los ojos con una mirada de preocupación \"¿Lo que te molesta es que me vaya y Kike nos separé?\" Me preguntó. Yo resoplé y me levanté de la cama alejándome de ella \"Lo que me molesta es que lo hiciste aún cuando te dije que no lo hicieras\" le dije en voz alta. \"Ah si!\" Valentina dijo mientras se levantaba de la cama y se paraba en frente de mi \"Y que cuando yo te dije que no seducirás a Kike y aún así lo hiciste?\" ella agregó, su voz subiendo de tono. Lo que me dijo solo hizo que el fuego de mi enojo se encendiera todavía más, aunque muy en mi interior sabia que esto era totalmente verdad, la rabia se encontraba nublando mi cabeza y mis pensamientos \"Entonces que? Quisiste vengarte!\" Lentamente observé la cara de Valentina pasar de un gesto de enojo a un gesto de dolor, fue en ese momento cuando me di cuenta que había hecho mal. \"Yo jamás haría eso\" Valentina me dijo en voz baja sorprendida con mi acusación. \"Y siento que en verdad no crees en mi\" ella agregó con los ojos opacados de tristeza. Yo solo me quedé mirándola, incapaz de procesar palabras, la forma en que me miró me pego duro, sentía que la había decepcionado. Valentina suspiro afligidamente y salió del cuarto dejándome sola en medio del cuarto reflexionando en las consecuencias que habían dejado mis palabras. Cansada y harta de la situación quité bruscamente las sábanas de la cama y me acosté. Me recosté sobre mi lado derecho observando la puerta, esperando que Valentina cruzará por ella, pero me lleve la tremenda y triste sorpresa que en toda la noche la perilla nunca se giró y ella nunca entró. Al otro día me desperté con los ánimos bajos, había pasado la mayor parte en vela esperando a que Valentina entrara al cuarto, pero no lo hizo, y finalmente me quedé dormida con las lagrimas dejando huella en mis mejillas. Mis ánimos disminuyeron aún mas cuando al levantarme de la cama noté que la guitarra de Valentina no estaba, al igual que su mochila tampoco se encontraba en el cuarto. En el tiempo que me había quedado dormida ella había entrado para recoger sus cosas. Mi corazón comenzó a acelerarse, ¿y si ya se había ido? Rápidamente corrí al baño para cambiarme y prácticamente corrí fuera del cuarto en busca de Valentina. Baje las escaleras dos pasos a la vez, cuando llegué al final me topé con Brenda quién me detuvo unos segundos. \"¿Por qué la prisa Pía?\" Brenda me preguntó preocupada. \"Valentina y Marisa se fueron ya?\" le pregunté con urgencia. Brenda frunció el ceño confundida y sacudió su cabeza \"No, no se han ido\" Yo cerré mis ojos y di un respiro de alivio \"Están en el patio, Valentina quería despedirse de ti antes de que se fuera\" Brenda agregó con una pequeña sonrisa. Lo que dijo hizo que se me derritiera el corazón, mi Valentina siempre tan amorosa, nunca debí haber dudado de ella, se que sus intenciones eran buenas y tenía que decirle antes de que se fuera que si creía en ella. \"Perdón Brenda, pero en verdad tengo que hablar con ella\" le dije disculpándome. Brenda asintió con una sonrisa comprensiva y yo caminé hacia el patio sintiéndome mas tranquila. Mientras caminaba hacia el patio fui armando mi disculpa en mi cabeza, la cara de decepción de Valentina ayer me había matado, solo esperaba que ella aceptará mis disculpas. Cuando llegué me encontré a Marisa y a Valentina sentadas sobre la mesa platicando con sus maletas recostadas debajo de sus pies. Yo toqué la puerta que daba hacia el patio suavemente y las dos voltearon a verme. Marisa brincó de la mesa al verme y volteó a ver a Valentina \"Tenemos que irnos pronto, nos vemos en la entrada\" Valentina le dio una pequeña sonrisa y asintió. Puse mis manos dentro de las bolsas de mi chamarra y camine hacia Valentina mientras Marisa pasaba a lado mío y salía del patio. Cuando me acerqué lo suficiente a ella comencé diciéndole \"Valen yo…\" pero ella me interrumpió antes de que yo pudiera terminar. \"No Pía, no digas nada, yo debí hacerte caso cuando me dijiste que no lo hiciera\" Yo sacudí mi cabeza y me senté a su lado \"No Valen, tu hiciste lo que creíste era lo correcto\" Suspiré y con mi mano izquierda comencé a jalar mi fleco \"La verdad es que mas que enojada, estoy triste porque no quiero separarme de ti\" finalmente acepté y mire al suelo evadiendo su mirada, ya que mis ojos comenzaban a llenarse de lagrimas. Valentina puso su mano en mi barbilla y me obligó a verla a los ojos \"Pía, nada ni nadie logrará que nos separemos\". Cerré mis ojos absorbiendo sus palabras mientras una lágrima recorría mi mejilla. \"Ven\" la escuche decir mientras ponía su brazo alrededor de mis hombros. Yo me lancé hacia sus brazos y la abracé desesperadamente ocultando mi cara en su hombro. \"Todo saldrá bien\" Valentina me dijo mientras recorría su mano en mi espalda delicadamente \"Ya verás que cuando menos lo esperes me tendrás de vuelta aquí fregándote la vida\" Yo reí suavemente y levanté mi cara para verla a los ojos. \"Tu haces lo contrario\" le dije mientras acariciaba su mejilla con mi mano \"Tu me das vida\". Una sonrisa se dibujo lentamente en sus labios, yo le sonreí de vuelta y poco a poco fui acercándome a su cara y en unos instantes nuestras labios se tocaron. El beso fue corto pero parecía que había durado una eternidad. Cuando finalmente rompimos el contacto Valentina apoyo su frente contra la mía \"Tengo que irme ya\" me dijo. Yo suspire tristemente y asentí con mi cabeza. Valentina y yo nos bajamos de la mesa y mientras ella se ponía su mochila yo agarraba su guitarra. Ella me dio una pequeña sonrisa y puso su brazo alrededor de mis hombros mientras nos dirigíamos a la entrada de la casa. Cerca de la puerta y lista con sus maletas se encontraba Marisa con Brenda. \"¿Lista?\" Marisa le preguntó a Valentina mientras nos acercábamos a ellas. Valentina asintió y Marisa se volteó para abrir la puerta de la casa. Cuando Mari abrió la puerta encontramos a la persona que yo menos esperaba ver otra vez, a Adela, estaba esposada y con dos guardias a su lado, pero aquí estaba, Valentina había tenido razón. Adela sonrió al vernos y encogió los hombros, volteé a ver a Valentina quién sonreía orgullosamente de que Adela había regresado. Al verla sonreír yo también lo hice. Los guardias soltaron a Adela y se fueron, Valentina rápidamente se acercó para abrazarla, sonreí aún mas al ver la cara de sorpresa de Adela, se veía sorprendida pero feliz. \"Yo sabía que regresarías a ayudarnos\" Valentina le dijo mientras la soltaba, Adela rió aún sorprendida y le contestó \"Te me estas volviendo insoportable Valentina.\" Todas reímos ligeramente, la tristeza de la salida de Valen alejándose de mi mente. \"Los tres mosqueteros ya fueron en busca del hermano de Kike para quitarle la llave\" Adela nos dijo \"Kikin cada vez está más cerca del foso\". \"Solo que antes de caer al foso\" Valentina empezó a decir \"Nos corrió a mi y a Marisa de la casa\". \"Que!\" Adela gritó sorprendida y sacudió la cabeza \"Se las esta buscando\". En ese instante Marisa agarró sus maletas y volteó a ver a Valentina \"Bueno Vale, mejor nos vamos antes de que llegué Kike\". Sentí mi corazón caerse y detenerse, no podía enfrentar despedirme de Valentina de nuevo. Marisa se acercó a mí y me dio un abrazo de despedida, mientras Valentina se despedía de Adela y Brenda. Finalmente solo faltábamos nosotras dos de decirnos adiós. Con una pequeña sonrisa puse la maleta donde se encontraba su guitarra sobre su hombro. Nos miramos por unos minutos a los ojos hasta que Valentina puso sus brazos alrededor de mí. Yo cerré mis ojos absorbiendo todas las sensaciones que recorrían mi cuerpo al tenerla cerca. Después de unos segundos nos separamos. \"Todo saldrá bien\" Valentina me dijo sonriendo, yo asentí y le sonreí de nuevo. \"Te quiero\" le dije mientras agarraba su mano con la mía. \"Te quiero más\" Valentina dijo dándole un apretón a mi mano. Nos sonreímos por última vez y lentamente soltamos nuestras manos. Tristemente observé como Valentina salía de la casa, disfrazando mi tristeza con una sonrisa. -Valentina- Habían pasado unas horas desde que Marisa y yo dejamos la casa. Me dolía dejar a Pía, pero con el regreso de Adela y con lo que nos había dicho tenía la esperanza de que las cosas fueran a mejorar y podríamos estar juntas de nuevo pronto. Marisa y yo decidimos mantenernos juntas y yo le pedí de favor que me acompañara al cementerio a ver a Ana. No había podido ir a visitarla desde que falleció y tenía tantas cosas que decirle. En mi interior sabía que no era lo mismo, pero necesitaba hablar con ella y yo sabía que ella estaría escuchándome de donde quiera que estuviese. Antes de entrar al panteón le compre a una señora un ramillo de flores para dejárselas a Ana. Marisa y yo entramos buscando con nuestras la tumba de Ana, caminamos por varios minutos hasta que desde lejos alcance a ver una lápida con la foto de Ana en ella. \"Ve, que yo te espero aquí\" Marisa me dijo, yo le sonreí y deje caer mi mochila y mi guitarra en el suelo y me hinqué a lado de la tumba de Ana. \"Hola\" yo dije mientras sonreía a la foto de Ana \"No había tenido chance de visitarte, porque pues como ya sabes estaba encerrada en la casa, pero ahora soy libre\" Miré hacia al suelo tratando de controlar las lágrimas que querían comenzar a caer \"Te extraño tanto Ana\" finalmente dije dejando que mis lágrimas corrieran y que mi voz se quebrará \"Hay tantas pero tantas cosas que quiero decirte, en estos momentos lo que más quisiera es tu compañía para compartirte todo lo que siento\" Yo solté una ligera risa al empezar a decirle \"Te acuerdas cuando nos burlábamos diciendo que el amor era un fastidio?\" Espere unos segundos y luego agregué \"Pues que crees? Que me enamoré\" Sonreí a mi misma al observar las imágenes de Pía nublar mi mente \"Si, me enamoré\" dije nuevamente \"Y créeme que es todo menos un fastidio, es mas, creo que es lo mejor que me ha pasado\" Yo suspiré y reí de nuevo \"Ojalá tu estuvieras aquí para aguantar todas mis cursilerías que el resto de las niñas no creo que soporten tanta melosidad ya\" Miré hacia al suelo y mordí mi labio inferior \"Pero tengo miedo\" dije seriamente \"Tengo miedo de mi familia, de los demás, del que dirán, ojalá todo fuera más sencillo, sin etiquetas, sin prejuicios, sin tener que ponerle un nombre a lo que cada uno es, el mundo sería mucho mas fácil así.\" Puse mis manos atrás de mi cuello y comencé a desenredar el collar que Ana me había dado. \"Tu me dijiste que te diera esto cuando saliera de la casa\" yo dije mientras miraba su foto \"Te lo doy ahora no solo porque salí de ahí, si no porque rompí el caparazón de todos mis miedos y me di la oportunidad de ser yo\". Lentamente puse el dije del alien arriba de su lápida y observé su foto mientras las lágrimas caían de nuevo \"No necesito más esto, es tuyo de regreso\" mi voz comenzaba a quebrarse al recordar todos los momentos que vivimos juntas \"Tu fuiste más que una amiga, fuiste mi hermana y no puedes borrar a una hermana porque comparten la misma sangre, y tu existencia aún recorre las venas de mi cuerpo cada segundo de mi vida y te mantengo aquí\" Puse mi mano sobre mi pecho y agregué \"En mi corazón\". Suspiré profundamente mientras dejaba que mis lágrimas corrieran libres a través de mis mejillas. Lentamente sentí que alguien ponía sus brazos alrededor de mi \"Tu eres toda una Valentona\" escuche a Marisa decir \"Y por eso yo soy una Valefan, porque eres una de las personas más valientes en este mundo, así que déjate querer por mi si?\" Yo reí y asentí mi cabeza \"Sii!\" Marisa exclamó abrazándome aún más fuerte. Yo reí de nuevo sintiéndome más ligera y tranquila, me limpié las lágrimas con las mangas de mi chamarra. Marisa y yo nos levantamos y antes de irnos volteé por última vez a la tumba de Ana. \"Adiós Ana\" puse mi manos en mis labios y le lancé un beso a su foto. Marisa me sonrió y agarro sus maletas \"Ven, yo creo que un helado de chocolate te hará bien\" Yo me carcajeé mientras levantaba mi maleta y mi guitarra del suelo \"Vamos por uno Mari\". Marisa sonrió como una niña pequeña y aceleró el paso haciéndome reír aún más. Al salir del panteón las dos decidimos ir al centro comercial, principalmente a ir por el helado de chocolate de Mari y porque ninguna de nosotras quería ir a sus casas y enfrentar a nuestros padres. De verdad, lo último que quería ahora era pelearme con mi mamá y mi hermana sobre mis \"raras\" ideas. \"Yo invitó Mari\" dije mientras le pagaba al dueño de la heladería, Marisa estaba tan concentrada en su helado de chocolate que completamente me ignoró. Yo me reí al verla pelearse con sus maletas porque le irá imposible caminar y comer al mismo tiempo. Así que le ofrecí sentarnos en una banca mientras comíamos nuestro postre. \"Oye y que crees que estarán haciendo ahorita?\" Marisa me preguntó refiriéndose a las chicas que todavía se encontraban en la casa de Maca. Yo suspiré y me encogí de hombros, desde que salimos del cementerio había pasado de una tristeza a otra, el estar separada de Pía. La extrañaba con todo en mí, estaba tan acostumbrada ya a tenerla cerca, a besarla, a abrazarla, al verla despertar, que unas horas de estar lejos de ella eran como un milenio. Además de que todo lo que veía me recordaba a ella, añoraba el momento en el que por fin pudiéramos estar libres las dos. Puse mis piernas sobre la banca y me dediqué a observar a la gente pasar, todos se veían tan normales, tan libres de preocupaciones, les tenía envidia. Lo único que pensaban era en que comerían hoy o en que gastarían su sueldo ahora. Las chicas de mi edad en vez de preocuparse de salvar a sus amigas de un rufián simplemente se encontraban comprando ropa y accesorios. Entre el mar de gente, una niña pequeña llamó mi atención, debía tener alrededor de 7 u 8 años, se encontraba caminando a lado de la que parecía su mamá sujetándola de la mano. Lentamente la niña volteó a la banca donde nos encontrábamos y su cabello me llamó la atención, era largo y lacio y de un intenso color negro, pero lo que más me llamó la atención era que en su otra mano cargaba una tortuga, de peluche. En ese instante supe lo tenía que hacer, tiré lo que sobraba de mi helado al bote de basura que se encontraba a lado de la banca y saqué mi celular y le hablé a la persona más inesperada pero la que sabía que podía ayudarme. \"Axl, necesito que me ayudes a entrar a casa de Maca\". continuara..[Chapter 9] yasliz : Gracias por seguirme todavia, de vdd aprecio mucho tus comentarios :) basketcase : haha gracias :) amo esa tortugita :) ginebraremyhadley : hola! gracias por tus comentarios en vd, siempre es muy grato leerlos :) y que bueno q te gusto lo de la tortugita :D jackievodka : Esa pregunta yo tambien me la hago, empezaré una nueva historia en estos días, pero aun estoy insegura en si continuare esta, pero igual y si lo hago :) gracias por tu comentario :D espero pronto una actualización de tu fic :D valega: muchas gracias por tomarte el tiempo de leer mi historia, y me da mucho gusto que te haya gustado, gracias :D Estos ya son los últimos capítulos de la historia (al menos por ahora) gracias por seguir leyendo :) -Valentina- Mari y yo esperábamos a fuera del centro comercial a que los tres mosqueteros vinieran a recogernos. Axl estaba sorprendido al escuchar que Kike nos había corrido de la casa, pero por igual me dijo que nos tenían excelentes noticias con respecto a la llave, esperaba que por fin la hubieran obtenido. No pensaba mucho en lo que haría al llegar a Casa de Maca, solo sabía que tenía que llegar, y si por fin habíamos conseguido la llave entonces con más razón tenía que ver a Pía. La noche comenzaba a caer, Marisa y yo teníamos más de una hora esperando, habíamos utilizado nuestras maletas para sentarnos sobre ellas; ella estuvo más que de acuerdo conmigo en regresar a casa de Maca, no había ningún otro lugar al que pudiéramos decir hogar, que ese. Además, ella decía que tenía que convencer a Nina de que la boda era mala idea. Estaba orgullosa de Marisa, entró a la casa siendo una groupie y al final se había convertido en una gran amiga para Nina. Cuando los últimos rayos de sol comenzaron a esconderse, a lo lejos de la calle podía verse una van, lo que la diferenciaba de las demás era que en el techo tenía unas orejas de ratón y al frente, cerca de la parrilla tenía una nariz redonda y de color roja. \"¿Qué es eso?\" Yo reí mientras señalaba la camioneta \"¿Qué es eso?\" Marisa rió conmigo y nos pusimos de pie, algo me decía que en ese carro iban los babosos de Axl, Piti y Fatu. En efecto alcancé a ver el cabello desmarañado de Axl y sus mechones rubios volando con el aire desde el vidrio de enfrente. Dieron una vuelta rechinando las llantas y de un golpe se detuvieron en frente de nosotras. Axl abrió la puerta del carro y salió. \"Señoritas\" nos saludo mientras agarraba mi mano e hizo una reverencia \"Su carroza las espera\". Yo reí y solté su mano, Axl era un completo baboso, pero era un gran amigo, de verdad que le había agarrado cariño. Fatu se bajo del otro lado de la va y se acercó a Marisa para ayudarle con sus maletas, yo de reojo veía la situación desenvolverse. Marisa se encontraba con aquella mirada perdida, sus ojos nublosos y con una sonrisa tonta congelada en sus labios. Yo solté una pequeña risa mientras levantaba mis cosas del suelo. Axl me ayudo a subir mis cosas a la parte trasera de la van, mientras que Fatu ayudaba a Marisa. Después ellos se subieron a la camioneta y nosotros nos quedamos en la parte de atrás de la van. \"Oigan y donde consiguieron esto?\" Yo les pregunté mientras Fatu trataba de arrancar la van. Axl volteó a verme y se quitó sus lentes de sol \"El primo del gordo es un matón\" Axl miró a Piti que se encontraba sentado en medio de ellos dos y le exclamó \"De ratas!\" Piti volteó a verlo y muy furioso le dijo \"Z no es una rata, ya déjenla en paz.\" Axl giró los ojos y nosotras reímos. Al fin Fatu pudo encender la van y emprendimos nuestro camino a la casa de Maca. Habían pasado unos minutos cuando de repente recordé que Axl nos tenía noticias acerca de la llave. \"Oye Axl, cuáles eran las noticias que nos tenían?\" le pregunté. Axl volteó a verme muy emocionado y dijo \"La conseguimos!\" Marisa y yo sonreímos enormemente al escuchar esto, finalmente algo nos había salido bien. \"Ignacio la consiguió del casillero de Agustín, mañana en la boda será el día perfecto para conseguir los papeles\". Con mayor urgencia tenía que llegar a ver a Pía ahora, si teníamos la llave eso significaba que ella se encargaría de buscar los papeles, y esto solamente lo haría seduciendo a Kike. \"Las demás ya saben?\" les pregunté, en realidad la única que me importaba si sabía era Pía. Axl asintió y me dijo \"Sí, antes de pasar por ustedes, mocasines le mandó un mensaje a Adela para avisarle, el senador nos ayudará también.\" Yo sonreí sintiéndome orgullosa de Adela, era increíble como todas nosotras habíamos cambiado desde que llegamos a la casa. \"Oigan y como vamos a entrar a la casa eh?\" Marisa les preguntó cambiando el tema. Yo los vi con atención ya que también tenía curiosidad de cómo lo haríamos, especialmente ahora que los guardias de Kike se encontraban en todas partes vigilando las entradas. \"Primeramente treparemos el árbol para entrar al jardín\" Axl dijo. Hace años que no trepaba un árbol, me vi muy impulsiva tramando este plan que nunca pensé en las consecuencias desastrosas que podría traernos, pero ya no había vuelta atrás. Además de que había comenzado a confiar en estos chicos, nos habían ayudado muchísimo mientras estábamos dentro de la casa, confiaba en ellos ahora que estábamos fuera. Marisa hizo una mueca de disgusto y repitió \"Un árbol?\" ella pregunto no sonando muy convencida con la idea. Axl asintió sonriendo \"No se preocupen señoritas, recuerden con quiénes están hablando\" Lo que más me gustaba de ellos es que ninguna vez se pusieron a preguntarnos porque nuestra insistencia a regresar a la casa, solamente nos ayudaban porque les gustaba hacerlo, además de que al hacerlo, ganaban su cena. Finalmente la van se detuvo con un golpe y Marisa y yo casi nos golpeamos con los asientos enfrente de nosotras. \"Mas cuidadito\" Marisa dijo sobando su frente. \"Ay perdón\" Fatu dijo apagando la van \"Los frenos de repente fallan\" Yo resoplé y mire fuera de la ventana, habíamos llegado a casa de Maca ya y el cielo estaba completamente oscurecido, situación que estaba a nuestro favor para evitar que nos vieran entrar. Todos nos bajamos de la van y ya estando afuera subí mi mirada al árbol al que supuestamente íbamos a trepar, era el mismo al que Axl había trepado esa vez que estábamos Pía y yo plantando rosas en el jardín. \"Y que pasará con nuestras cosas?\" Yo les pregunté indicando a las maletas que estaban dentro de la van. Fatu cerró las puertas de la van y volteó a verme \"Las tendremos en mi casa\". Yo asentí y volteé mi mirada a las ventanas de la casa, en especial a una, las luces de la casa seguían prendidas, probablemente apenas acababan de terminar la cena. \"Bueno, están listas?\" Axl nos preguntó. Marisa lo vio e hizo una mueca de desagrado \"Pues ya que\" y con eso comenzó a caminar hacia el árbol, nosotros siguiéndola de cerca. Fatu camino un poco más rápido para estar a su lado y encantadoramente le dijo \"No te preocupes arañita que yo te cuido.\" Marisa le dio un ligero empujón en su hombro \"Dale con la arañita!\" Marisa exclamó molesta \"Ya no sigas!\" y el resto de nosotros comenzamos a reír. Le dimos la vuelta a la casa y finalmente nos encontramos con el árbol. Por fuera se veía enorme e intimidante. Marisa lo miro con miedo y se hizo para atrás \"Saben que, que yo mejor me voy a mi casa y los dejo\" Fatu sacudió la cabeza y la agarró del brazo \"Nada de eso arañita, confía en nosotros, nos lo merecemos\". Axl asintió con la cabeza y nos miró, \"yo subiré primero y las ayudaré a trepar.\" Marisa y yo vimos con atención como le hacía Axl para trepar. Primero saltó a la rama más cerca y cuando se encontraba colgado de ella, se impulso para lograr sentarse en ella, la rama era lo suficiente gruesa para mantener el peso de Axl e incluso yo creo que el de todos nosotros, era un árbol muy antiguo. \"Dragoncita\" el me llamó desde arriba \"Sigues tu\". Yo le sonreí nerviosamente y Fatu se inclinó un poco juntando sus manos para impulsarme. Puse mi pie en sus manos y mi mano en su hombro y cuando había logrado el balance necesario me impulsé y salte hacia el árbol logrando agarrar la rama. Arriba Axl sujetó de mi mano y me jaló ayudándome a sentarme a su lado. \"Arañita\" escuchamos a Fatu decir \"Sigues tu\" Marisa lo vio nerviosa, completamente olvidando que odiaba que le digieran arañita. \"Vamos Mari!\" yo le grité dándole ánimos. Marisa suspiró e hizo lo mismo que yo, impulsándose con la ayuda de Fatu, titubeó un poco antes de saltar pero al final lo hizo y se rió cuando pudo agarrarse de la rama. \"Bien Mari\" yo le dije sonriendo mientras Axl la ayudaba a sentarse a su lado, ahora el se encontraba entre nosotras dos. \"Dragoncita\" Axl me dijo y yo volteé a verlo \"Tienes que caminar por está rama y cuando llegues al tronco tienes que subir un poco más, nosotros iremos detrás de ti\". Yo asentí con mi cabeza y me puse de pie con la ayuda de otras pequeñas ramas a mí alrededor. No iba a mentir, mis pies temblaban con cada paso que daba, pero mientras me acercaba más al tronco más fácil se hacia. Finalmente llegué al tronco y salté a una rama más alta, la distancia no era tan grande lo cuál lo hacía más fácil. Espere unos segundos hasta que los otros cuatro llegaron detrás de mí. \"Ahora?\" Le pregunté a Axl. Él me miro y con su mano me indico \"Está parte es más difícil, tienes que agarrarte del tronco y girar para llegar a la rama del otro lado\" Yo suspiré y abracé el tronco. \"Cuidado dragoncita\". Cuando me sentía lo suficiente segura, giré y rápidamente puse mi pie en la otra rama, suspiré con alivio y vi hacia abajo, ya estábamos dentro del jardín. \"Supongo que ahora tengo que bajar no?\" Le grité a Axl mientras comenzaba a bajar por las ramas. \"Si!\" lo escuche gritar \"Pero cuid-\" un gritó mío lo hizo detenerse, mientras bajaba sentí un ligero pinchazo en mi brazo. \"Cuidado con las espinas\" Axl me dijo viéndome desde arriba. Cansada del árbol simplemente salté hacia abajo, la distancia ya se había acortado entonces no fue muy doloroso el caer. Minutos después a mi lado cayó Axl, Marisa, Fatu y Piti. Los guardias debieron haber escuchado el ruido porque rápidamente vinieron hasta está parte de la casa. Yo me agaché y me escondí detrás de unos arbustos y los demás me siguieron. Como era de noche era mucho más difícil que nos vieran en la obscuridad. \"Genial, y ahora?\" le murmuré a Axl. El encogió los hombros y me murmuró de vuelta \"Tenemos que distraerlos\" Yo resople y le conteste \"Pero con que?\" Marisa los vio con frustración y dijo \"Si tan solo les pudiéramos aventar sándwiches como a los perros\" Yo resople de nuevo y vi a los guardias amargamente \"Tal vez si les aventáramos viejas reaccionarían\" Axl se tapo la boca y soltó una pequeña risa. \"Eso es Valen!\" Marisa me exclamó y yo la vi confundida \"Que?\" \"Mujeres!\" Marisa exclamó de nuevo \"Préstame tu celular\" me dijo mientras tronaba sus dedos. Yo la vi confundida de nuevo pero de todas formas le di mi celular y me acerqué hacia ella para ver que hacia. Vi que abrió los mensajes y comenzó a escribir. \"Necesitamos que distraigas a los guardias, estamos afuera\" Marisa busco el nombre de Greta y le mandó el mensaje. Un minuto después vimos a lo lejos a Greta asomarse por la ventana buscándonos. El celular vibró y todos volteamos a ver, era Greta \"Como?\" preguntó. Marisa sonrió y le escribió de vuelta \"Loleando\". A lo lejos alcanzamos a ver a Greta sonriendo y con eso se alejó de la ventana. \"Ay Valen\" Marisa me dijo volteándome a ver \"Tu deberías entrar por la ventana de Pía, así bien romántico\" Yo reí y le dije \"No es tan fácil Mari, esto no es Rapunzel, no puedo decirle Pía Pía deja que tu cabello caiga y pueda subir de el\" Axl volteó a verme y agregó \"Además Pía no tiene el cabello tan largo\" Los dos nos reímos y volteamos a ver a Marisa. \"Ay bueno\" Marisa dijo haciendo pucheros \"Yo solamente decía\". \"Niñas niñas\" Fatu dijo callándonos \"Hay viene Greta\" agregó indicando hacia el frente con sus ojos. Desde los arbustos observamos a Greta dirigirse hacia los guardias, se había cambiado para la ocasión, traía puesta una playera sin manga y un short negro corto, en su mano traía enrollada su tapete de yoga, debo decir que se veía increíble, no alcanzamos a escuchar lo que dijo pero observamos que se fue caminando hacia el otro lado de la casa con los guardias embobados caminando detrás de ella. \"Marisa vayamos ahora antes de que regresen\" le dije con urgencia mientras me levantaba. \"Recuerden, nos vemos aquí a las 8, tenemos que entrar juntos a la casa\" Yo asentí mi cabeza y le sonreí a Axl \"Gracias\" Me acerqué y le deje un pequeño beso en la mejilla. Axl me dio una sonrisa boba y yo solo reí. Marisa agarró mi brazo y me apuro \"Vamos Valen\" Rápidamente salimos del arbusto y corrimos hacia el interior de la casa. \"Y ahora?\" Marisa me preguntó \"Nada, subamos a los cuartos, y rápido, no vaya ser que Kike ande todavía por aquí.\" Las dos corrimos hacia las escaleras y nos detuvimos hasta llegar al pasillo donde se encontraban nuestros cuartos. \"Buena suerte con Nina\" le dije a Marisa antes de entrar al cuarto con Pía. Marisa me sonrió y me dijo \"Yo no creo que necesites suerte\" Marisa rió \"Así que nos vemos mañana temprano afuera\" Yo asentí y le sonreí por última vez antes de entrar a la habitación. El cuarto estaba oscuro ya, volteé hacia la cama de Pía y vi a una persona durmiendo ahí, pero no era ella. Lo supe porque no estaba abrazando a su tortuga como todas las noches lo hacía. Sonriendo me dirigí hacia mi cama y si, en efecto ahí se encontraba con su peluche a su lado, sonreí aún más y muy delicadamente me recosté en la cama mirando de frente a Pía. Se encontraba plácidamente dormida, podía quedarme horas viéndola así. Realmente era perfecta y yo tenía mucha suerte de encontrarme a su lado. Jugué con su fleco esperando a que despertará, supongo que sintió mis dedos acariciando su cabello porque muy lentamente fue abriendo los ojos. \"Valen?\" Me preguntó sorprendida y en voz baja. Yo le sonreí y me acerqué hacia ella conectando sus labios con los míos, la bese suave y detenidamente. El beso fue corto y tierno, cuando me alejé sonreí aún mas al ver que Pía aún mantenía sus ojos cerrados. Lentamente pasé mi mano por su mejilla sintiéndola sonreír con el contacto \"Hola\" le murmuré cuando finalmente abrió sus ojos. \"Valen, ¿Como? ¿Que haces aquí?\" Pía me preguntó sorprendida con una sonrisa colgando de sus labios. \"Te dije que regresaría a molestarte\" le dije riendo y ella rió conmigo \"En serio Valentina\" Pía me dijo seriamente pero con la sonrisa aún dibujada en sus labios. Baje mi mano de su mejilla y me dediqué a acariciar su cabello suavemente. \"Los chicos nos ayudaron a Marisa y a mi a regresar, las extrañábamos y no teníamos ganas de ir a nuestras casas sinceramente.\" Pía asintió y con su mano retiro un mechón de mi cabello que se encontraba tapando uno de mis ojos. \"Pasarás la noche aquí?\" me preguntó. La emoción en su voz me hizo sonreír. Yo asentí y le conteste \"Sí, pero tenemos que irnos mañana temprano para llegar a la boda con los chicos\" Pía me sonrió dulcemente y luego exclamó emocionada \"Encontraron la llave!\" yo le sonreí con la misma emoción \"Si, si nos dijeron\". Suspiré y puse mi brazo alrededor de su cintura \"Estarás lista para mañana?\" Ella asintió con la cabeza y suspiro profundamente \"Estoy nerviosa, pero podré hacerlo\" Yo le sonreí tratando de darle ánimos. \"Pero ahorita no quiero hablar de eso\" agregó con una sonrisa lentamente formándose en sus labios. Yo le sonreí y me acerqué un poco más a ella \"Y de que quieres hablar?\" le pregunté. Ella soltó una pequeña risa y acercó su cara hacia la mía dejando solo unos pequeños milímetros de distancia entre nuestros labios. \"No quiero hablar de nada\" Yo le sonreí de nuevo y sentí sus besos tocar los míos. Suspiré profundamente con alegría y sujete su cara con mi mano para acercarla más a mí. Nuestros labios se separaban desesperadamente cada vez con mas intensidad. Con un movimiento rápido la empuje para recostarla en la cama y ponerme arriba de ella. Pase mis manos por su cabello, desordenándolo un poco, y en mi espalda sentí las manos de Pía acariciándome lentamente. Poco a poco fue bajando la intensidad de nuestro beso hasta que después de varios minutos separamos nuestros labios. Baje mi mirada hacia Pía y la encontré sonriendo \"Me alegra que estés aquí\" me murmuro. Le sonreí e incliné mi cara para plantarle un beso rápido en sus labios \"A mi también\" le dije sonriendo \"Mucho.\" Me recosté en la cama y Pía se puso de lado para que quedáramos frente a frente \"Quien es la que duerme en la otra cama?\" le pregunté curiosamente. Pía levantó su mirada hacia la otra cama y luego volteó a verme \"Es Brenda, estaba durmiendo con Adela y Greta, cuando te fuiste tomó la cama de aquí\" Yo fruncí el ceño y la vi con interés \"Y porque no tomo la de Marisa?\" yo le pregunté, los celos resurgiendo de nuevo. Pía encogió los hombros y dijo \"Porque, pues, no se\" Yo resople y giré mis ojos. Pía soltó una pequeña risa y puso su mano en mi mejilla \"Valentina estás celosa? Me preguntó con un tono juguetón. Yo miré hacia abajo y evadí su mirada \"No\" le dije simplemente. Pía rió de nuevo y me insistió \"Valeen\" Suspire frustrada y levanté mi mirada hacia ella \"Bueno si, un poco, pudo haber ocupado la otra cama\". \"Tranqui Valen\" Pía me dijo con una sonrisa en los labios \"Yo solo he tenido ojos para ti desde que llegaste\" Traté de mantenerme seria pero no pude evitar la sonrisa que automáticamente se congelo en mi cara. \"Pues mas te vale\" le advertí juguetonamente. Nos reímos unos segundos hasta que Pía de repente se puso seria \"No quiero dormir\" me dijo intranquila. La miré curiosamente y le pregunté preocupada \"Porque?\". Pía hizo una mueca y me vio con una mirada inquieta \"Porque mañana no sabremos que pasará\". Yo le sonreí comprendiéndola y la abracé hacia mí reconfortándola. \"Todo estará bien\" le dije mientras le daba un beso en su mejilla \"Lo se\" agregué murmurándole. Ella se acurrucó hacia mi y cerró los ojos \"En verdad lo sabes?\" me preguntó en voz baja. Yo asentí y le respondí \"Si, ya verás que mañana estaremos libres\". Sentí a Pía suspirar y le di un beso en su cabeza \"Durmamos, que mañana será un día largo\". No tuve que decírselo otra vez, ya que a los pocos minutos se había quedado profundamente dormida, yo siguiéndole el paso. Los rayos del sol pegando en mi cara fue lo que me despertó al otro día. Ni la alarma ni la salida de Brenda del cuarto pudo despertarnos a las dos. Hice un berrinche de sueño y me estiré despertando a Pía conmigo. \"Que hora son?\" le pregunté a Pía quién se estaba sentado en la cama. La vi voltear hacia el reloj y lo levantó \"Son las ocho\" me dijo. Yo cerré mis ojos y asentí con la cabeza, hasta que procese que tenía que encontrarme con los chicos. Abrí mis ojos enormemente y me senté rápidamente en la cama \"Las ocho!\" Exclamé con urgencia \"Tengo que irme\" dije rápidamente mientras me levantaba de la cama \"Me estarán esperando ya\". Pía se levantó de la cama al mismo tiempo que yo y me preguntó \"Pero porque tan deprisa?\" \"Porque a está hora Kike estaría llegando\" Le contesté mientras me ataba mis zapatos. Cuando terminé me acerqué hacia la ventana y vi hacia fuera. \"Pero-\"Pía comenzó a decir pero yo la interrumpí \"Tendré que bajar por la ventana\" Me dije a mi misma mientras veía hacia abajo. Estaba alto pero había una enredadera de la cuál podría bajar. Pía vio hacia abajo conmigo y me exclamó \"Estás loca Valentina! Esta muy alta\" \"Pero hay una enredadera ahí\" le dije señalando a las matas que estaban atadas hacia una angosta cerca de plástico \"Estaré bien\" le dije volteando a verla. \"Espera\" Pía me dijo agarrando mi brazo \"Tengo que irme hermosa\" le dije mientras me sentaba en la ventana \"No puedo demorar mas a los chicos\" \"Pero\" Pía trato de nuevo pero yo ya estaba con un pie en la reja. \"Tengo que irme, te amo!\" le exclame y rápidamente comencé a escalar la enredadera hacia abajo. \"Valentina!\" La escuché gritar desde la ventana mientras bajaba. Salté y mire hacia arriba, Pía estaba mirándome con una sonrisa tierna en sus labios \"Yo también te amo\" me dijo en voz alta. Yo la miré a los ojos con una sonrisa a medias. No me había percatado que antes de bajar le había confesado que la amaba, pero ya no importaba, porque ella lo dijo de regreso. \"Pss!\" Volteé al escuchar que alguien me chiflaba. Era Marisa esperándome en la puerta. Miré de vuelta a Pía y con una sonrisa le lancé un beso antes de salir de la casa. Marisa se había salido con la suya, esto si parecía un cuento de hadas. -Pía- Estaba consumida en un mar de nervios ahora esperando la llave con Brenda. Hace pocas horas Valentina me había confesado que me amaba, y en un trance me había puesto mi vestido, y me había peinado. Yo se que a Valen le gustaba cuando mi fleco no cubría mi frente así que solo por ella me lo peine hacia un lado. Brenda y yo estábamos paradas en el comedor esperando a que Greta viniera. Mi mente pensaba en que todavía podía echarme para atrás, pero otra parte de mí decía 'ya, es el último intento, después de esto acabaría de todo'. Así que mejor me tragué mis nervios y pensé en lo lindo que sería por fin salir de está casa sin una sola preocupación. \"Entonces solo esperamos la llave?\" Brenda me preguntó con la misma angustia que yo. Ella sabía lo que yo sentía, ella lo había vivido también. Yo asentí y le conteste. \"Si, espero no se demoren más\". En ese momento entró Greta al comedor con una sonrisa enorme y orgullosa plasmada en su cara. \"Se ven muy bien niñas\" Greta nos dijo alegremente mientras se acercó a nosotras \"Ay pero mira\" ella dijo mientras agarraba los tirantes de mi vestido \"Hay que arreglar aquí\" Sentí algo frio caer sobre mi pecho y rápidamente puse mis manos por debajo del vestido para agarrar la llave. Greta nos sonrió por última vez y salió del comedor. \"La tienes?\" Brenda me preguntó mientras me ayudaba a acomodar mi vestido. \"Si\" le contesté mientras ponía la llave dentro de mi vestido sujetándola con mí sostén. \"Estás lista?\" Yo tomé un suspiro profundo y le asentí \"Hagámoslo\" continuara...[Chapter 10] ginebraremyhadley: me alegra que te haya gustado lo de la ventana :) no estaba muy segura de esa parte cuando la escribí haha, gracias por tus comentarios :D yasliz: muchas gracias por seguir mis historias y me alegra que te gusten, aprecio mucho tus comentarios :D jossy: valentina estará mas que involucrada :) gracias por seguir leyendome! =) basketcase89: aw haha, a su dragoncita :) gracias por seguir comentando :D DenALuCab: muchaas gracias por comentar :D y por leer :D espero te siga gustando lo que qeda de la historia :) De nuevo, perdón por el retraso, para remediarlo un capitulo un poco mas largito :) gracias por seguir leyendo :) -Pía- La ansiedad en estos momentos era asfixiante, todo dependía de mi y si lo arruinaba hasta ahí terminaría todo. Quitarle los papeles a Kike no sería nada sencillo, pero el punto a mi favor era que ya lo tenía donde lo quería, un par de juegos más y el caería rendido ante mi seducción. El pasillo hacia el patio de la casa se me hacía eterno, mi corazón latía con nerviosismo, una parte de mí tenía miedo, miedo de que esto se saliera de control y fuera más allá de lo que debería. Gentilmente me detuve en la entrada del patio y asomé mi cabeza viendo la escena alrededor, me mantuve escondida para que nadie pudiera notarme. Mis ojos escaneaban todo el lugar, buscando una señal de Kike. La mamá de Nina había llegado, eso solo significa problemas, pero había muchas cosas sucediendo para preocuparse por eso. Mis ojos circularon todo el lugar, observando a los trabajadores, los adornos, la comida y a los invitados, de los cuáles, uno llamaba mi atención. Una sonrisa creció en mis labios y suspiré, podía sentir mi aliento atorarse en mi garganta, ahí entre Marisa y Axl estaba mi Valentina, sorpresivamente en un vestido, me preguntaba si Marisa había tenido problemas en convencerla, y si los tuvo, si que estaba agradecida con ella, Valentina se veía increíble! Traía puesto un vestido negro y corto, mis ojos rápidamente subieron desde sus piernas hacia su cara, no podía sacar sus piernas de mi mente, se veían suaves y tonificadas, mi Valentina si que hacía ejercicio. Se veía hermosa maquillada, era impresionante como un poco de delineador podía resaltar sus ojos chocolatosos, y sus labios se veían brillosos y dulces, muy incitantes. Por segundos pensé en cambiar el objeto de mi seducción, de Kike a Valentina. Pero eso solo se quedaría en mi mente, porque mientras mordía mis labios creando las imágenes en mi cabeza una voz murmuró detrás de mí. \"Kike se dirige a la biblioteca\". Era Greta, me dio una sonrisa brillante y emprendió su camino hacia Nina, a ser su testigo. Miré a Valentina por última vez y noté que ella me miraba de vuelta, desde lejos me mando una sonrisa alentadora y levantó sus dos pulgares, yo le regresé la sonrisa y me volteé para enfrentar al pasillo de nuevo, mi destino, la biblioteca. Caminé lento pero con confianza, el tener el apoyo de todos en está casa me llenaba con seguridad. Si ellos creían, si Valentina creía que podía hacerlo, entonces podría lograrlo. Mi confianza crecía con cada paso que daba y en poco tiempo ya estaba de frente con la puerta cerrada de la biblioteca. Hice un movimiento para alcanzar la perilla cuando en ese instante la puerta se abrió y detrás de ella se encontraba un Kike, como nunca lo había visto, preocupado. Ante la expresión de su cara una sonrisa se extendió por mis labios, si sus defensas estaban bajas, sería mucho más fácil quitarle los papeles. Kike me vio y sin pensarlo intento pasar por mi lado, pero yo alcancé a agarrar su corbata. \"A donde vas Kike\" le pregunté mientras lo jalaba de vuelta a la biblioteca. Su expresión rápidamente cambio de ser una de preocupación a su típica cara de conquistador. Tenía la necesidad de reírme al ver el cambio en sus gestos, como era posible que después de enterarse que le habían quitado la llave estuviera conmigo como si nada hubiera sucedido. Kike rió mientras yo lo empujaba lentamente hacia el escritorio \"Pía, estoy un poco ocupado ahorita\" me dijo mientras yo lo encasillaba entre el escritorio y mi cuerpo. Una pequeña risa escapó de mis labios mientras mi mano acariciaba su pierna, lenta pero firme. Lo sentí retorcerse cuando mi mano llego a su cintura, y mientras mi mano acariciaba su costado me incline para susurrarle al oído \"¿Ocupado para esto?\" Reí en su oído y gentilmente agarre el lóbulo de su oreja entre mis dientes y le di una pequeña mordida, gimiendo Kike inclino su cabeza para besarme pero yo me aleje riendo. \"Paciencia\" le dije sonriendo mientras pasaba mis manos por su pecho, incitándole a quitarse su saco. El obligó y con su sonrisa creciendo en sus labios se quito el saco. Me incline nuevamente hacia el, acercando mi boca con la suya, lo miré fijamente a los ojos y sentía su respiración muy cerca de la mía. Sin romper su mirada, mis manos agarraron unos dados rojos que se encontraban en el escritorio, antes de que Kike pudiera juntar sus labios con los míos me aleje de nuevo. Levanté mi mano y la puse entre nuestros cuerpos \"¿Que tal si jugamos un rato?\" le ofrecí abriendo mi mano. El observó por un segundo los dados y con una media sonrisa levantó su cara y me miro. Con su sonrisa obtuve su respuesta. Sonriendo me aleje de el y camine hacia un extremo de la mesa. \"El que lancé un número mayor, le dice al otro que hacer\". Kike rió y lentamente camino hasta llegar detrás de mi \"¿Vas primero?\" me preguntó susurrándome al oído. Sonreí al escuchar el deseo en su voz, en pocos minutos lo tendría a punto de explotar. Con seguridad lancé los dados, no preocupándome mucho del número. Kike rió nuevamente al ver que había un dos y dos marcado en cada dado. \"Un número bajo\" me dijo mientras agarraba los dados con su mano. Yo solamente le sonreí y esperé a que lanzará. Lanzó los dados sobre la mesa y yo resople al ver el resultado, 5. Una vez más Kike iba ganando. Me acerqué hacia el y empuje los dados con mi mano al otro extremo de la mesa. \"Entonces\" le dije mientras jugaba con su corbata \"¿Que vas a querer?\" Alcancé a ver como sus ojos se movían por todo mi cuerpo centellando con lujuria \"Fuera la ropa\" me dijo \"Fuera toda\" me repitió. Que elemental, yo pensé, la obvia respuesta de cualquier hombre. Si hace 6 meses alguien me hubiera dicho que me quitará la ropa, sentiría el interior de mi cuerpo retorcerse con repugnancia y temor y ahora risa me daba con la respuesta inocente de Kike, no parecía dar tanto miedo como nosotras lo pensábamos. Con mi mano aún sujetando su corbata lo empujé hacia atrás y el cayó sentado en la silla que se encontraba detrás de el. Rió con sorpresa y mordió su labio inferior mientras veía todo mi cuerpo con ganas de devorarlo. Meneé suavemente mi cadera mientras mi mano lentamente bajaba los tirantes de mi vestido por mis hombros. Con un movimiento sutil y otra sacudida de mi cadera el vestido cayó sobre mis pies y solamente me encontraba parada en ropa interior, la cuál para la ocasión, era negra y de encaje. Le ofrecí mi mano y el la sujetó, lo jalé hacia mi y mis brazos se arrastraron alrededor de su cuello \"Va de nuevo\" le dije en voz baja. Mis brazos se desenredaron de su cuello y agarré los dados \"Pero ahora, tu primero\" le dije mientras ponía los dados en su mano. El sujetó los dados y me sonrió con seguridad para después lanzarlos en el escritorio. \"5 de nuevo\" me dijo orgulloso. \"No cantes victoria aún\" le dije riendo mientras me inclinaba por los dados. \"Te podrías llevar una sorpresa\" agregue lanzándolos. Kike rió detrás de mí y aplaudió dos veces. \"Seis\" le dije volteándome hacia él. \"¿Y que hago?\" Kike me preguntó \"¿Me quito todo?\" dijo mientras comenzaba a desenredar su corbata. Yo asentí y con un tono sugestivo le dije \"Todo, todo\" mientras Kike comenzaba a desabrocharse la camisa yo me acerqué pausadamente hacia él y puse mis manos sobre su cintura, acariciando su piel. Sentí su cuerpo temblar con sorpresa cuando mis manos comenzaban a desabrochar su cinto, con un movimiento rápido lo quité de su pantalón y lo puse en el escritorio. Kike veía con atención el movimiento de mis manos, el fuego creciendo en ellos, comencé a jugar con el botón de su pantalón hasta que lo abrí, esté cayendo hacia los pies de Kike. Nuevamente lo empujé hacia la silla y me incliné hacia él \"No mas juegos\" le susurré. Me separé de el y agarré una mascada que estaba colgada en un perchero cerca, con fuerza agarré sus dos brazos y los extendí hacia atrás, amarrándolos con la tela. Escuche a Kike gemir de dolor cuando la ajuste contra sus manos. \"Te gusta lo salvaje Pía\" Kike dijo mientras movía sus manos bajo los amarres. \"Y aún empiezo\" le contesté mientras agarraba su corbata, la extendí y la puse arriba de sus ojos y la ajuste, impidiéndole ver. Un gemido escapo de la garganta de Kike y tuve que taparme la boca para evitar reírme, si lo vieran ahora. Caminé hasta estar frente a él y me incliné en el suelo, lentamente pase mis manos por sus piernas descubiertas, subiendo por sus rodillas y mientras mis manos subían hacia su cintura sentí el cuerpo de Kike retorcerse, pidiendo más. Sin esperar más tiempo puse mis rodillas sobre la silla, cada una a lado de la pierna de Kike y me incline hacia el para susurrarle en el oído \"Quiero que grites cuanto te gusta esto\" me aleje de él sonriendo y muy apresuradamente me acerqué a la puerta para dar la señal de que estaba lista. \"Cuanto te gusta Kike?\" le pregunté mientras me asomaba a la puerta buscando a Brenda. \"Mucho, me gusta mucho mucho!\" escuché a Kike gritar y no pude hacer nada mas que reír. Finalmente alcancé a ver el cabello negro de Brenda y le hice una seña, ella asintió y yo me volteé para ver a Kike de nuevo. Caminé hacia el e incline mi cuerpo para darle un beso en la mejilla. \"Grita más\" le dije mientras mis manos continuaban desabrochando su camisa, solo que una mano tocando mi hombro me impidió que siguiera. Me levanté y volteé esperando encontrarme con Brenda, en cambio, un par de labios se unieron con los míos. Ahora los gemidos eran los que escapaban de mi garganta, sentí un calor ardiente crecer en mi mientras mis labios se movían al ritmo del otro par, mi deseo creciendo con cada movimiento. Reí en el beso cuando escuché de nuevo los gritos de Kike y me separé para encontrarme con la risa de Valentina. Reí de nuevo y agarre su cuello acercándola a mi boca de nuevo, nuestros labios se movían rápido y con desesperación, mis manos recorrieron sus brazos y lentamente comencé a empujarla hasta que chocamos contra el escritorio, emitiendo un gran estruendo, las dos nos alejamos preocupadas por el ruido que habíamos causado. \"¿Qué pasa Pía?\" escuchamos la voz de Kike preguntar \"¿Hay alguien más aquí?\" Preguntó subiendo de voz. Con mis ojos le indiqué a Valentina que fuera a el y yo levanté mi vestido para ponérmelo. \"No mi amor, solo estamos tu y yo\" le dije mientras Valentina corría sus manos por su cabello. \"Dime que te gusta Kike\" le pregunté mientras me dirigía a la caja fuerte. \"¿Te gusta rudo?\" Valentina rió con mi pregunta y comenzó a jalar suavemente los chinos de Kike. \"Me gusta mucho!\" Kike gimió. Entre risas mías y de Valentina finalmente pude sacar los papeles de la caja. \"Pues ahora se volverá mas rudo\" le dije a Kike mientras me asomaba por la puerta llamando a las demás niñas. \"Me gusta, me gusta\" Kike dijo una vez más. Valentina se alejó de el y vino a mi lado, juntas observamos a Greta, Adela y Brenda entrar a la biblioteca. \"¿Te gustan lo golpes?\" Adela le pregunto mientras se acercaba a él con las demás niñas. Valentina y yo las vimos golpearlo unos segundos hasta que decidimos que era mejor ir a entregarle los papeles a Ignacio. \"Estuviste excelente!\" Valentina me exclamó mientras me jalaba por el pasillo, la adrenalina se sentía corriendo por nuestros cuerpos. Yo reí y me detuve en medio del pasillo, Valentina volteó a verme con la sonrisa más brillante que jamás le había visto, en medio del ruido y de los gritos sobre la boda de Nina yo la jalé con mi mano y conecte mis labios con los suyos, el deseo creciendo cada vez más. Lentamente separé mi boca de la suya para desagrado de Valentina \"Ya tendremos mucho tiempo\" le dije sonriendo. \"Vamos a terminar con esto de una vez\" Ella asintió y de nuevo me guió hacia el patio, donde Ignacio nos estaría esperando. -Valentina- Finalmente estaba fuera, todas las cuestiones ilegales de Kike habían sido descubiertas, Pía y yo no perdimos el tiempo en dejarle los papeles a Ignacio, quién estaba igual de orgulloso que todas nosotras, por fin le habíamos ganado la batalla a Kike. Ignacio estaba más que contento de hundir a Linares hasta el fondo y con seguridad salió de la casa para ir a los juzgados, dejándonos a todas a lidiar con un nuevo asunto que llevaba el nombre de Nina. Al parecer todo había sido una farsa, mientras Pía y yo estábamos en la biblioteca un estallido de gritos y de golpes se desataba en el patio, Nina se veía más deprimida que nunca y corrió hacia su cuarto seguida de Marisa, mientras que de la casa salieron todos los invitados, incluyendo su madre, Rafa y Carlucho, este último grandes estragos había causado ya. La casa estaba irreconocible, había comida, sillas y bebidas regadas por todas partes, silenciosamente Pía y yo comenzamos a recoger, pero era imposible que lo hiciéramos nosotras dos. Fue solo hasta que observamos a Marisa correr por la casa gritando el nombre de Nina como loca que nos dimos cuenta que algo andaba mal. Dejando caer todos los implementos que estábamos usando corrimos detrás de Marisa a ver que era lo que pasaba ahora. Con Nina y su registro de intentos de suicidio todo podía esperarse. Casi choco con Marisa cuando de repente se paró fuera de la casa, mis oídos temblaron al escuchar el tremendo grito que Marisa emitió cerca de mi oreja. Dirigí mi mirada hacia donde los ojos de Marisa observaban y casi grito yo también. Nina estaba parada en la cornisa a unos pasos de caer al suelo. El grito de Marisa había sido tan fuerte que había llamado a Greta y Adela, quiénes llegaron a nuestro lado en un par de segundos. Sentí a Pía ponerse rígida a mi lado y moví mi mano para juntarla con la suya, ella la apretó de regreso y se acercó hacia mi \"Llama los bomberos\" yo asentí y dándole un último apretón a su mano corrí hacia la casa. Parecía que después de salir de un problema nos metíamos a otro, nunca había tranquilidad en esta casa, con razón Maca estaba harta de todas, nosotras mismas nos hacíamos la vida imposible. Con un suspiro de cansancio agarré el teléfono de la cocina y marqué el número de los bomberos. Entre tanta pregunta del señor que me contestó seguramente ya habían convencido a Nina de que bajará del techo, giré mis ojos con frustración cuando le dije al señor por última vez la ubicación de la casa y le colgué, cortándolo en medio de otra pregunta. De nuevo me dirigía hacia las afueras de la casa cuando las demás niñas ya venían entrando, yo sabía, nosotras éramos más eficientes que los bomberos. Pía se acercó hacia mí y agarró mi mano \"Vamos con Nina\" me dijo y seguimos a las demás que subían ya al cuarto de Nina y Marisa. En estos momentos todas nos sentíamos cansadas y agotadas, queríamos un respiro y por una vez en todos los 6 meses que estuvimos aquí queríamos sentir que todo estaba en paz. Una vez que llegamos al cuarto, Marisa se lanzó a abrazar a Nina, la cuál sorpresivamente suspiró con el cariño, yo me senté en la cama de Marisa y Pía se sentó atrás de mi, lentamente sentí sus brazos rodear mi cuello por detrás, suspire cómodamente y me recargue en ella, puse mis manos arriba de sus brazos, manteniéndolos alrededor de mi. Adela me miro y me dio una pequeña sonrisa que yo tímidamente regrese. Nos quedamos varios minutos absorbiendo el silencio que había caído entre nosotras, era cómodo y relajante, cada quien hundida en sus propios pensamientos y sentimientos. Nina se encontraba sollozando en los brazos de Marisa, Greta parecía perdida en otro mundo, con su mirada ida y nublosa, me imaginaba que pensaba en cierta persona cuyo nombre empezaba con E. Adela simplemente veía a Nina, mientras que en su cabeza peleaba con los recuerdos de su mamá. Fue en uno de esos momentos cuando Adela decidió romper el silencio \"Ya se\" dijo dirigiéndose a todas nosotras \"Ya se que nos ayudará\" agregó con la típica sonrisa de Adela Huerta que solo significaba problemas. Cada vez era más fácil escapar de casa de Maca, la cuál ya había regresado junto con Teo, como quiera, si se daban cuenta no nos importaba, habíamos hecho mucho por está casa que una noche fuera no nos caería mal. Greta fue la primera en salir de casa, tenía el don de callar a esos perros, en pocos minutos nos encontrábamos en la calle pidiendo taxis para dirigirnos al Límite. Esa era la gran idea de Adela, bailar y brindar para olvidar. Pía y yo éramos las únicas que no habíamos ido a esa lugar, nosotras éramos como las niñas mas bien de la casa, más por acción que por pensamiento, que mientras mis ojos circulaban su cuerpo mi mente se llenaba de imágenes que no eran de una niña bien, especialmente después de nuestro encuentro en la biblioteca. Salimos del carro cuando nos encontrábamos fuera del Limite y me tomé un par de minutos para admirar a Pía antes de entrar, usaba ropa que yo jamás la vi usar en todos los seis meses, especialmente estaba embobada con sus pantalones oscuros que estaban completamente pegados a sus piernas. Pía me miraba sonrojada mientras mis ojos se movían de arriba hacia abajo por todo su cuerpo, me iba a ser imposible quitarle las manos de encima. Pía jaló de mi mano y me hizo volver a la realidad, con una pequeña sonrisa la seguí hacia dentro del antro. Mientras bajábamos las escaleras la música se iba haciendo cada vez más clara, Adela y Greta incluso ya se encontraban bailando mientras se dirigían hacia el grupo de gente que estaba cerca de las bocinas. Pía continuaba jalando de mi mano y me llevo hacia las demás mientras ella también comenzaba a moverse con la canción que sonaba. La música suena tan bien, que me conecta con la física, y tú también estás muy bien, es tu sonrisa que freeza. Reí al ver a Greta subirse a la tarima como en sus días de Lola happy hour y darle un pequeño baile a los demás. Adela le chiflaba desde la pista y Nina y Marisa habían ido en línea recta al bar, algo me decía que Nina lo necesitaba. Así los dos a puro love, nos contemplamos con felicidad. Y no es amor es conexión, una secuencia de creatividad. Pero mi mente dejo el mundo cuando sentí el cuerpo de Pía moverse contra el mío. Podía sentir su espalda rozar mi pecho mientras lentamente ella bailaba contra mi. Escuché la música y me deje llevar, pase mis manos por su abdomen, dejando que mis uñas rasguñaran su blusa. Su cabeza se inclinó hacia atrás y podía sentir su respiración en mi cuello, planté un beso en su mejilla y gentilmente sujeté su brazo volteándola hacia mí y ella en respuesta puso sus brazos alrededor de mi cuello, la agarré firmemente de la cintura mientras su cuerpo se movía al mismo ritmo que el mío. Mantente aquí cerca de mí, mueve tu cuerpo con seguridad. Errático me tienes hoy, el gran despiste de tu seducción. Mis manos recorrieron su espalda y la sentí arquearse con el contacto, mis labios bajaron hacia su garganta y comencé a besar la piel de su cuello mientras que suavemente pasaba las yemas de mis dedos debajo de su blusa acariciando su espalda baja. Come on baby, do it, do it. Come on baby, do it right. Come on baby, do it, do it, I can make you feel alright. Pía soltó sus brazos de mi cuello y los descanso en mis hombros, mis dedos lentamente subían cada vez más sobre su espalda, hasta que mis manos completas acariciaban su piel, está ardía con mi contacto. Su cabeza bajo hacia mi cuello y escuché un gemido emitir de su garganta. Recorrió sus manos desde mis hombros hasta mi cadera y con un simple movimiento me jaló acercándome hacia ella, no dejando ningún espacio entre nuestros cuerpos. Come on baby, do it, do it. Come on baby, mueve más. Come on baby, do it, do it, I can make you feel alright. Sentí los escalofríos dispararse por todo mi cuerpo con la fricción que causaba el movimiento de nuestras caderas. Inclinó su cabeza hacia mí y yo me acerque para besarla, pero ella movió su cara y sentí su aliento tibio en mi oreja \"¿No tenemos algo pendiente?\" Me susurró y mis labios formaron lentamente una sonrisa juguetona. The music sounds, the music sounds, te lo confieso soy un criminal. Dejo caer sus manos de mi cadera y sujetó mi mano, la miré a los ojos, los cuáles centellaban con deseo, mientras lentamente me empezaba a guiar fuera de la pista de baile, sus ojos nunca dejando los míos, podía sentir la electricidad correr entre nuestras manos. The music sounds, the music sounds, este sonido es algo criminal. Ella se movía como si supiera exactamente a donde iba, solamente volteó hacia el frente cuando bajamos un escalón. Me sonrió un segundo antes de entrar por una cortina roja que se encontraba en una esquina del lugar. Te encuentras bien, te veo tan bien, tu cuerpo flota con mi música. Detrás de la cortina se encontraba un sillón largo y rojo recargado a la pared y una luz muy tenue iluminaba el cuarto. Pía dio un último jalón a mi mano y las dos terminamos en el centro del cuarto, sin esperar más puso sus manos detrás de mi cabeza y acercó mi cara con la suya poniendo sus labios sobre los míos. Entrégate, vuelve hacia mí, aprieta fuerte, siente de verdad. Sujeté su cadera con mis manos y junte su cuerpo con el mío, mis manos moviéndose de arriba hacia abajo por sus costados. Nuestros labios se separaban rápidamente y con desesperación, gentilmente mordisquee su labio inferior y Pía gimió con la sensación. Me salió sol, te salió a vos. Hoy despegamos como un power jet. Mis manos rápidamente buscaban la entrada por debajo de su blusa, pero antes de que pudiera hacer más sentí sus manos empujarme hacia el sillón y caí en el con un ruido sordo. Mi estímulo es tu emoción, me pones loco no hay comparación. Se acerco a mí con una sonrisa traviesa, esta nueva cara de ella me tenía a punto de explotar. Puso sus rodillas una a lado de mis piernas sentándose sobre mí, gemí al sentir su cuerpo tan pegado al mío, radiaba calor por cada extremo de mi cuerpo, agarré su cara entre mis dos manos y la acerqué hacia la mía devorando sus labios con los míos. Sin más que hacer quieres caer, ya en mis brazos es sentir amor. Me acercó a ti, pongo a mover todo mi cuerpo como MIA. Nuestra respiración aumentaba cuando nuestros labios se separaban, podía sentir el calor crecer y descargarse por todo mi cuerpo, mis manos recorrieron su espalda por debajo de su blusa, enterrando gentilmente mis uñas cerca de su columna mientras ella se inclinaba más hacia mi con un gemido. Come on baby, do it, do it. Come on baby, do it right. Come on baby, do it, do it, I can make you feel alright. Mis labios dejaron los suyos y comenzaron a besar su quijada y dirigirse hacia su cuello. Pía inclinó su cabeza hacia atrás, dejando su cuello descubierto, mi lengua recorrió su garganta y se adhirió en su punto de pulso, mi boca lentamente devoraba su cuello y escuché un gemido fuerte dejar sus labios mientras sus dedos se movían en mi cabello rastillando mi cabeza con sus uñas suavemente. Come on baby, do it, do it. Come on baby, mueve más. Sentía su cuerpo temblar con mis besos, era agonizante la sensación que causaba la fricción del movimiento de su cadera contra la mía, necesitaba más. Mis manos dejaron su espalda y lentamente bajaron hacia su abdomen, la sentí retorcerse con mi contacto. Come on baby, do it, do it, I can make you feel alright. Mis labios dejaron su cuello y volvieron a conectarse con los suyos mientras mi mano subía cada vez más hasta llegar al alambre de su sostén, comencé a juguetear con él metiendo lentamente mis dedos debajo de esté. The music sounds, the music sounds, te lo confieso soy un criminal. Antes de que pudiera continuar el trayecto con mis dedos sentí sus labios dejar los míos y su jadeo me hizo abrir los ojos. Me miró con ojos obscurecidos y pupilas dilatadas y entre jadeos me dijo \"Que tal si dejamos a las otras aquí y continuamos en la casa\" Yo le asentí, sintiéndome completamente enrojecida. \"Vamos\" continuara con capitulo final (:[Chapter 11] silvia1381: Muchas gracias por tu comentario :D espero también te guste esté capitulo :D basketcase89: Hahah, si que se pusieron intensas, muchas gracias por tu review, aquí lo que paso despues de su peqeño encuentro :D GinebraRemyHadley: Gracias por perdonarme la demora haha :) muchas gracias por seguir leyendome, aprecio muchisimo tus comentarios :) espero me des tu opinión de este capitulo =) yasliz: Había que dejarlas con un poco de suspenso haha =D muchas gracias por tu comentario, como ya te he dicho, los aprecio demasiado :) y me da gusto que te siga gustando mi fic =) JackieVodka : Muchas gracias por tu review, y si había que dejarla un poco calientina para lo siguiente =) gracias por todos tus comentarios, los aprecio mucho =) Valentona: Aqui está la continuación y espero te guste =) Muchas gracias por tu comentario =) En el capitulo anterior había dicho que este sería el capítulo final, pero esta parte resulto ser un poco más larga de lo que esperaba, y retrasé el final un capítulo más. Muchas gracias por leer =) -Pía- El aire de la noche era lo suficiente fresco para enfriar mi cuerpo y calmar el calor dentro de mí. Podía sentir la brisa golpear delicadamente mi cara, refrescando las gotas de sudor que habían corrido por mi frente, estos últimos minutos con Valentina habían despertado en mí un círculo de sensaciones que jamás había experimentando, mi cuerpo ardía con pasión y esparcía calor por todas mis extremidades, mi corazón parecía estar acolchonado dentro de una nube tibia, donde latía rápidamente pero con seguridad. Suspire profundamente mientras me abrazaba, cruzando mis brazos alrededor de mi cuerpo. \"Pía!\" escuché esa voz familiar llamarme del otro lado de la calle, levanté mi vista y sonreí al ver a Valentina llamándome con su mano mientras con la otra mantenía abierta la puerta del taxi. Crucé la calle rápidamente para subirme al carro, algunas gotas de lluvia comenzaban a caer. Valentina se subió después de mi y cerró la puerta, le dimos la dirección al taxista y por el retrovisor alcancé a notar que nos miraba de arriba hacia abajo, me estremecí con disgusto al ver su sonrisa lujuriosa en sus labios. Miré por la ventana observando como las calles se iban desvaneciendo mientras avanzábamos, desde que salimos del límite mis emociones se fueron controlando y de repente me sentía muy tímida, era incapaz de voltear a ver a Valentina sin comenzar a sonreír bobamente. El lugar, el ambiente y la música habían despertado una faceta diferente en mí, una que ni creía que existía, al igual que también había visto una cara distinta en Valentina. Simplemente no podía desaparecer la necesidad de sentir su piel bajo las palmas de mi mano o de conocer cada rincón de su cuerpo. Cada beso nublaba mi cabeza haciéndome volar fuera de toda realidad, era insistente mis ganas de propagar calor en su cuerpo, de tocarla y ser tocada por ella. Gentilmente sentí sus dedos entrelazarse con los míos obligándome a voltear a verla, me ofreció una tierna sonrisa que yo tímidamente devolví, haciendo a las mariposas revolotear dentro de mi estomago. Ya conocía de memoria las calles para llegar a casa de Maca y cuando veía por la ventana algún letrero que me indicaba que estábamos cerca sentía mi nerviosismo crecer, mi corazón agarraba velocidad con solo pensar que en tan solo minutos estaríamos solas, sin ninguna interrupción, sin ningún problema, solo Valentina y yo. De repente el auto se detuvo y me di cuenta que habíamos llegado a casa de Maca, Valentina le pago al taxista y las dos bajamos del carro. Las gotas de lluvia caían sobre nosotras y aceleramos el paso para entrar al jardín de la casa. Valentina vino a mi lado y puso su brazo alrededor de mis hombros, suspiré felizmente y mis brazos circularon su cintura mientras enterraba mi cara en su cuello con un gemido suave y satisfactorio escapando de mis labios. Silenciosamente entramos a la casa dejando pequeñas huellas de lodo en el piso, reí al ver a Valentina intentar borrarlas, solamente logrando que el lodo se esparciera más, riendo calladamente subimos por las escaleras con nuestros brazos aún alrededor de nosotras. Al llegar a nuestro cuarto deje caer los brazos de su cintura y gire la perilla abriendo la puerta, entre a el antes que ella y mire hacia la ventana, gotas de lluvia corrían por el vidrio, desde que salimos del Límite la lluvia había incrementando. Fui hacia el borde de la cama y me senté en ella levantando mi mirada hacia el frente. Valentina cerró la puerta y se acercó hacia mí sonriéndome amorosamente mientras unas gotas de lluvia caían por su frente, su cabello se encontraba totalmente húmedo por el diluvio de afuera. Le sonreí ligeramente mientras la miraba acercarse a la cama y sentarse a mi lado, mis ojos reflejándose en los suyos. Su sonrisa creció en sus labios intimidándome, y obligándome a que desviará mi mirada hacia el otro lado, aunque mis labios se encontraban estirándose formando una media sonrisa, sentía las mariposas volar dentro de mi estomago como la primera vez que estuvimos sentadas en esta cama, mi nerviosismo crecía al tenerla tan cerca de mí, podía sentir un aire tibio circular dentro de mi pecho, contrayendo mi corazón con sentimiento. Sentí uno de sus dedos trazar mi mandíbula hasta llegar a mi barbilla, suavemente aplicó la suficiente presión para voltear mi cara hacia ella. Su cara brillaba con la poca luz que entraba por la ventana resaltando algunas gotas de lluvia que aún caían por su mejilla, pasé mi mano por su piel limpiándolas y sentí su cara inclinarse hacia mi mano. Mis ojos circularon su cara, observando su piel suave y limpia, bajando hacia sus labios rosados y delgados y volviendo a conectarse con sus ojos, los cuáles se suavizaban al encontrarse con los míos mientras me miraban con amor. Antes de que pudiera darme cuenta mi cara se encontraba inclinándose hacia la suya, disminuyendo el espacio entre nuestros labios y cuando sentí su aliento hormigueando mi boca cerré los ojos esperando el contacto de nuestros labios, y cuando por fin se tocaron sentí chispas desprenderse de ellos. Nuestros labios se movían con un ritmo suave y fluido, abríamos nuestras bocas delicadamente saboreando la electricidad que corría en ellas. Acaricié su mejilla ligeramente y mi lengua tocó sus labios tratando de separarlos. Nuestras lenguas danzaban con el sonido de la lluvia afuera mientras comenzábamos a explorar cada rincón de nuestras bocas, nunca me había percatado que sus labios desprendían un sabor dulce y fresco. Sentí sus manos recorrer lentamente mis brazos hasta detenerse en mis hombros. Un pequeño gemido dejo mis labios durante el beso al sentir un pequeño mordisqueo en mi labio inferior. Gentilmente las manos de Valentina comenzaron a empujarme hacia la cama, obedecí sus movimientos y después de unos segundos sentí mi cabeza caer contra la almohada. Sujeté su cara con mis dos manos y podía sentir mi pecho levantarse cada vez más rápido mientras nuestras bocas se encontraban adheridas. Lentamente los labios de Valentina dejaron los míos y comenzaron un recorrido hacia mi quijada, recorriendo con besos húmedos hasta el lóbulo de mi oreja, arqueé mi cuello al sentir su labios succionar ligeramente mi punto de pulso mientras un gemido salía de mis labios, sentí sus besos tomar velocidad y los gemidos comenzaron a escapar de mi garganta sin restricción. Un calor familiar se esparcía por todo mi cuerpo asentándose en mi pecho y en mi entrepierna. De pronto sentí sus labios dejar mi cuello y recorrer mi mandíbula de vuelta hasta conectarse con los míos de nuevo. La palma de su mano acariciaba firmemente mi abdomen, con un ritmo suave y lento, apreté mis piernas tratando de aliviar el calor y la pulsión entre ellas, la cuál solo aumento cuando sentí sus dedos arrastrarse lentamente por debajo de mi blusa, entrelacé mis dos manos entre sus cabellos rojos mientras mi lengua intensificaba el beso adentrándose más a su boca. Escuché un gemido provenir de su garganta mientras sus dedos recorrían mis costillas subiendo suavemente hasta el borde de mi sostén, mi corazón comenzó a acelerarse cuando sus dedos se detuvieron en el broche de mi ropa interior, lentamente sus dedos lo juguetearon hasta que con un movimiento rápido lo desabrocharon, jadeé con placer al sentir la presión en mis pechos desaparecer, su mano recorría de arriba hacia abajo desde entre mi pecho hasta mi clavícula. Mi respiración aumentaba con su contacto mientras nuestros labios comenzaban a separarse con mayor intensidad. Su mano desvió su recorrido hacia uno de mis pechos a masajearlo suavemente, empuje mi cadera hacia arriba mientras una ola de placer golpeaba mi cuerpo. Los labios de Valentina dejaron los míos y bajaron lentamente hacia mi garganta mientras los gemidos dejaban mis labios de manera constante, sentí su lengua recorrer mi garganta y mi cuello se arqueó con la sensación, sus manos dejaron mi pecho y bajaron hacia mi abdomen con sus uñas rasguñando gentilmente mi piel, sus dedos se detuvieron en el borde de mi blusa y pausadamente comenzaron a empujarla. Con mis codos me impulsé un poco para sentarme en la cama, Valentina se sentó en sus piernas y me miró a los ojos mientras lentamente subía mi blusa por mis brazos hasta removerla completamente de mi cuerpo, mis ojos nunca dejando los suyos, la lanzó a un lado de la cama para después poner sus manos en mis hombros y lentamente bajar los tirantes de mi sostén por mis brazos, dejando mi torso y pecho descubiertos, le sonreí suavemente al sentir la timidez cubrirme, Valentina me sonrió de regreso y se inclinó hacia mí juntando sus labios con los míos, rápidamente nuestro beso se volvía más frenético e intenso y podía sentir su lengua empujar mis labios pidiendo la entrada a mi boca, separé mis labios dejando que se lengua se reuniera con la mía. Mis manos recorrieron sus brazos y se detuvieron en el borde de su blusa y mis dedos comenzaron a jalar de ella, Valentina se separó de mí jadeando y levanto sus brazos, la miré a los ojos y subí su blusa por sus brazos removiéndola por completo, mi mano tocó su cuello y la acerqué hacia mí besándola ávidamente. Mis manos bajaron por su cuello y continuaron su destino acariciando su desnuda espalda, subían y bajaban por su columna lentamente, podía sentir su cuerpo retorcerse con el contacto de mis manos, mis dedos se detuvieron en el gancho de su sostén y con un movimiento rápido lo desabrocharon, recorrí mis besos hacia su cuello mientras lentamente mis manos subían por su abdomen a encontrarse con sus pechos, suavemente los masajeé al mismo tiempo logrando que una serie de gemidos escaparan de su garganta, sonreí en su cuello mientras aumentaba la presión en mis manos. La mano de Valentina se enredó con mi cabello y la sentí jalar algunos mechones con sus dedos. Mis labios dejaron su cuello y lentamente volvieron a los suyos, mis manos subieron por su pecho y lentamente se enredaron de nuevo entre sus mechones rojos, gentilmente sentí sus manos bajar hacia mis hombros y empujarme hacia la cama con ella cayendo sobre de mi. Separó sus labios de los míos y me miró directamente con sus ojos vidriosos. \"Te amo\" la escuché suspirar, le sonreí amorosamente y levanté mi cabeza para juntar mis labios con los suyos, nuestras sonrisas creciendo durante el beso. Sus manos comenzaron a bajar por mi abdomen hasta llegar al borde de mi pantalón y lentamente sus dedos comenzaron a desabrochar el botón de mis jeans, gemí al sentir su piel fría arrastrarse dentro de mi pantalón, acariciando mi entrepierna por arriba de mi ropa interior, sentí sus dedos encubrirse con la humedad que desprendía mi cuerpo. El calor se esparcía por todo mi cuerpo y mi cadera se movía con el ritmo de su mano levantándose y bajando ágilmente. Sus labios bajaron por mi pecho dejando un camino de besos hasta llegar a mi cadera, sus manos comenzaron a tirar de mis jeans hasta bajarlos por completo por mis piernas, la vi sentarse y desabrochar mis zapatos, lentamente los quitó junto con mis jeans. Sentí sus labios frescos tocar mi rodilla y lentamente comenzaron a subir, besando mis muslos en el proceso, sus dedos jugaron con el borde de mi ropa interior y lentamente la sentí deslizarse por mis muslos, incliné mis piernas y Valentina removió la última pieza de ropa que quedaba en mi cuerpo. Suspiré profundamente al ver sus ojos recorrer mi cuerpo de una manera ávida. Mi mente se nubló cuando sentí sus besos recorrer el interior de mi muslo y no pude evitar el gemido que salió de mis labios cuando sentí su aliento tibio en mi entrepierna, mi cuerpo comenzó a arquearse con placer al sentir sus labios y su lengua adentrarse en lo mas profundo de mí. Sus uñas gentilmente subían por mis muslos, rasguñando ligeramente mi piel y logrando que pequeños temblores sacudieran mi cuerpo, mi cadera suavemente se levantaba y bajaba con el ritmo de los besos de Valentina mientras el calor se esparcía por todos los rincones de mi ser, de pronto me vi incapaz de controlar los gemidos que emitían de mi garganta mientras los temblores en mi cuerpo se volvían más constantes. Mis ojos rodaron detrás de mi cabeza con la sensación de placer que el movimiento de su lengua me daba y cuando me sentía a punto de explotar sentí los labios de Valentina subir hacia mi abdomen. Exhalé frustradamente mientras mis piernas automáticamente se pusieron tensas tratando de calmar la pulsión que crecía entre ellas. Los labios Valentina llegaron a los míos y febrilmente la besé con la pasión corriendo por mis venas, puse mis manos sobre sus hombros y bruscamente la empuje hacia mi lado, quedando arriba de ella. Las palmas de mis manos recorrieron con desesperación su cuerpo mientras mi lengua peleaba contra la suya por dominación, podía escuchar los gemidos acumularse dentro de su garganta mientras mis manos masajeaban su torso exasperadamente. Rápidamente mis dedos siguieron su recorrido hasta llegar a la hebilla de su cinturón, jalé de el y cuando se abrió sujete el botón de sus jeans, torciéndolo para abrirlo, escuché un jadeó salir de sus labios mientras lentamente mis dedos se arrastraban por debajo de su ropa interior, mis besos recorrieron su garganta y se adhirieron a su punto de pulso jalando gentilmente su piel. Un gemido fuerte salió de mis labios cuando sentí la humedad de Valentina ahogar mis dedos. Escuché un pequeño grito venir de ella mientras mis dedos se movían de arriba hacia abajo por su entrepierna absorbiendo la humedad. Sentía el fuego crecer en mi interior junto con un hambre voraz de saborear a Valentina, ansiosamente mis labios dejaron su cuello y deje un camino de besos pasando por su garganta, bajando entre sus pechos y me detuve un momento en su ombligo, lo recorrí con mi lengua mientras mis manos comenzaban a tirar de sus jeans, mis labios siguieron su recorrido y al llegar a su cadera me detuve, me levanté un poco y deslice sus pantalones por sus piernas removiéndolos junto con sus zapatos, observé el cuerpo medio desnudo de Valentina, prácticamente comiéndolo con mis ojos, mis uñas comenzaron a arañar sus muslos mientras mi mirada se encontraba fijada con la suya, en un movimiento rápido me encontraba deslizando por sus piernas la última pieza de ropa. Podía ver sus ojos brillar con deseo y lentamente baje mis labios hacia sus piernas dejando besos delicados en el interior de sus muslos, mi lengua hizo movimientos giratorios en su piel hasta encontrarse con su centro, sentí a Valentina temblar bajo mis manos mientras la electricidad corría por su cuerpo. Mi lengua se movía de arriba hacia abajo con movimientos rápidos tratando de saborear cada rincón de su cuerpo, sus dedos comenzaban a enlazarse en mi cabello mientras mis movimientos aumentaban y cuando la sentí a punto de explotar separé mis labios de ella, escuchando la frustración en su exhalación, mis labios subieron por su cuerpo para conectarse con los suyos nuevamente, nuestras caderas moviéndose con ritmo utilizando la fricción para aliviar la tensión. Lentamente mi mano comenzó a bajar, recorrió por un momento sus muslos y se deslizo por el interior de estos, torturando lo mayor posible a Valentina, quién solamente arqueaba su cuerpo pidiendo más, mis dedos recorrieron su entrepierna, de nueva cuenta nadando entre la humedad, escuchaba los rugidos acumularse en su garganta cada vez más y con un suave movimiento mi dedo fácilmente se deslizo en su interior. Valentina jadeó audiblemente mientras los espasmos comenzaban a recorrer su cuerpo, mis dedos se movían rítmicamente mientras los gemidos dejaban su boca sin restricción, sentía su respiración intensificarse mientras su cuerpo temblaba bajo mis manos de manera frenética hasta que con un sonoro gemido se detuvo y su pecho subía y bajaba suavemente. Separé mis labios de los suyos y la mire, observé su cara resplandecer con un brillo totalmente nuevo, sonreí mientras ella lentamente abría los ojos, sentía sus latidos irse poco a poco normalizando, lentamente me incliné hacia ella y junte sus labios con los míos, besándola suave y dulcemente, nuestros labios moviéndose sin ninguna apuración. Pero no pude evitar intensificarlo, el calor aún radiaba en mi cuerpo, Valentina lo notó y en un movimiento me tenía boca arriba en la cama, ella sobre de mí. Enredé mis dedos entre sus mechones rojos juntando su boca con la mía mientras su mano empezaba su recorrido hasta mis piernas, con suavidad recorrió mi torso y se detuvo en mi cadera, gentilmente acariciando mi piel, mis labios la besaron con urgencia y mi cuerpo se arqueaba con el contacto de Valentina, sus dedos bajaron hasta mi entrepierna moviéndose de arriba hacia abajo lentamente, mi cuerpo moviéndose con su ritmo, podía sentir los espasmos recorrer mi cuerpo y un rugido escapo de mi garganta, sentía que mi corazón latería fuera de mi pecho mientras un calor extraño se expandía por mis extremidades, me sentía incapaz de controlar mi cuerpo mientras este temblaba contra los dedos de Valentina, un grito salió de mis labios cuando una contracción recorrió mi cuerpo para después relajarse con goce. Perezosamente besé los labios de Valentina, mi cuerpo se sentía flotar en una gran calma. Valentina me beso con gran ternura, separando ligeramente sus labios con cada beso y sentía mi cuerpo derretirse debajo del suyo mientras mi corazón latía fuertemente por la dulzura que desprendía el contacto de su boca con la mía. Con un último beso Valentina levantó ligeramente su cabeza, y en la oscuridad logré ver el centelleó de sus ojos mientras estos se arrugaban y formaban una sonrisa en sus labios. Suspiré sutilmente sintiendo un millón de emociones recorrer mi cuerpo, algunas lágrimas comenzaron a formarse en el rincón de mis ojos. \"Gracias\" le dije en voz baja con una pequeña sonrisa formándose en mis labios. Valentina me sonrió pero al mismo tiempo frunció el ceño en confusión \"¿De que?\" me preguntó. Levanté mi mano y delicadamente retire un mechón rojo que había caído sobre su cara \"Gracias por enseñarme lo tan maravilloso que es esto cuando amas\" le dije tragando un sollozo \"Gracias por ser mi primera\" le agregue con una sonrisa dibujándose en mis labios mientras sentía una sola lágrima recorrer mi mejilla. Sentí los labios tibios de Valentina besar mi frente \"Gracias a ti\" me dijo sonriendo mientras limpiaba suavemente la lagrima que había caído en mi mejilla. \"Te amo Pía\" mi corazón incrementó su velocidad al escuchar su declaración, sintiéndome abrumada con todo el amor que sentía por ella \"Te amo Valentina\" le respondí con una gran sonrisa. Ligeramente descansó su frente contra la mía y dulcemente plantó un beso en mis labios, nos sonreímos una última vez antes de que recargara su cabeza en mi hombro y después de unos segundos caímos en un sueño profundo, con una gran sensación de calma a nuestro alrededor. continuara...[Chapter 12] Este es último capitulo de Sin Caer, aunque debió haber terminado un poco antes, me encontré picada escribiendo mi otra fic haha :) gracias a JackieVodka, ladylibra10, yasliz, Kdl94, basketcase89, GinebraRemyHadley, silvia1381 y Tamy M por sus reviews y a todas a las que leyeron mi historia desde el principio =) la verdad que me divertí escrbiendola y hace mucho que eso no me pasaba, espero la hayan disfrutado como yo lo hice, gracias! =D VALENTINA Los rayos de sol que entraban por la ventana alcanzaban a golpear directamente mi cara, incomodando mis ojos. Estando aún semi dormida pasé mi mano por mis ojos, tallando fuera el sueño. Estos poco a poco se fueron abriendo, observando la luz que alumbraba el cuarto, después de una noche lluviosa se sentía un ambiente cálido y cómodo, acogiéndome. O tal vez solo era mi cuerpo, que se encontraba envuelto con una gran calidez. Mientras abría mis ojos lo primero que pude notar fueron esos mechones negros y lacios desplegados en toda la almohada. Sentí esa sonrisa dibujarse en mis labios de la misma forma que lo habían hecho los últimos 6 meses, delicadamente puse mi brazo alrededor de la cintura de Pía, acurrucándome hacia su cuerpo. Cerré mis ojos absorbiendo su esencia, los eventos de anoche corriendo por mi cabeza y gemí satisfecha mientras mi nariz acariciaba su nuca. Gentilmente planté un beso en su desnudo hombro y la acerque hacia mí, debajo de mis brazos la sentía estirarse, despertando del profundo sueño. \"¿Cómo dormiste?\" le murmuré al oído dejando un pequeño beso sobre de él. Escuché un gemido dejar sus labios mientras la sentía voltearse entre mis brazos, viéndome de frente. Me sonrió encantadoramente y estiró sus brazos \"Como nunca lo había hecho antes\" me contestó con su voz ronca de todas las mañanas. Con mis labios rizados en una pequeña sonrisa mi mirada se encontraba congelándose con la suya, sus ojos almendrados mirándome de regreso, estaba sorprendida con semejante belleza a mi lado. Sus ojos centellaban mientras miraban a los míos y la piel suave de su cara estaba forrada con una luz resplandeciente, con ese brillo que solo reluce cuando te enamoras. Podían pasar años y años y estaba segura de que nunca me acostumbraría a ver sus ojos sonreírme, sin pensarlo más acerque mis labios hacia ella y la besé. La besé como si hubiera sido la primera vez, porque cada beso, siempre se sentía como la primera vez. Nuestros labios se movían tiernamente, saboreando la suavidad que desprendían, con cada movimiento me volvía adicta, incluso aunque la respiración me faltará me encontraba intensificando aún más nuestro beso, simplemente había algo en la forma que sus labios tocaban los míos que lograban que todo se me olvidará y solo me concentraba en mover mis labios con el ritmo de los suyos, logrando una magnifica sinfonía, la única que en toda tu vida hace que tu corazón lata con un propósito significativo. Lentamente mis labios dejaron los suyos e instantáneamente extrañaron el contacto. \"Te amo\" la escuché decirme, si fuera posible mi sonrisa hubiera incrementado aún más, escucharla decir que me amaba era como música para mis oídos, una canción de la cual nunca podría cansarme y de la cual nunca me cansaría de cantar \"Te amo\" le respondí con el amor y la sinceridad dirigiendo mi voz. Su mano suavemente acarició mi mejilla y mis ojos se cerraron con el contacto. ¿Desde cuándo despertarse había sido tan perfecto? Mientras nos mirábamos a los ojos escuchamos el ruido desvanecido de la alarma, se escuchaba como un eco cuando estábamos fijamente atrapadas en la mirada de la otra. Sin romper la conexión mi mano se estiró hacia la mesita de noche, golpeando la alarma para apagarla. \"Hm, 5 minutos más\" Pía gimió acurrucándose entre las sabanas. Su ternura calentaba todo mi cuerpo con cariño. Una pequeña risa salió de mis labios al ver su cara desaparecer entre la almohada. \"No creo que tengamos 5 minutos más\" le respondí mientras mis manos pasaban delicadamente por su espalda, sonreí maliciosamente cuando mis dedos caminaron hacia sus costados \"Pía…\" la llamé mientras mis dedos pinchaban su piel. Simplemente la escuché emitir un murmuro sobre la almohada. \"Pía!\" le exclamé más fuerte con mis dedos cosquilleando sus costados. Reí fuertemente al verla retorcerse con risa, movió su cuerpo para estar boca arriba mientras trataba de detener mis manos. Mis dedos cosquillearon su abdomen, y lo sentí contraerse con risa, reí aún más fuerte al ver sus intentos fallidos de detenerme. \"Valentina!\" la escuché exclamar entre risas, y antes de que supiera lo que pasaba sentí sus manos empujarme hacia un lado, mi cuerpo cayendo libre hacia el suelo y mi mano jalando de ella. Mi espalda tocó el suelo con un ruido sordo y exclamé cuando sentí el cuerpo de Pía caer sobre el mío. Escuché su risa resonar en el cuarto al ver mi cara quejándose con dolor \"¿Estás bien?\" me preguntó riendo. Levanté mi mirada hacia ella y me moví un poco debajo de su cuerpo. \"Tendré un moretón\" le contesté seriamente. Pía soltó una risita y mis ojos se suavizaron al sentir esa contracción familiar en mi pecho. \"¿Esto lo hará mejor?\" Me preguntó mientras sus labios tocaban mi mejilla. Le sonreí y sacudí mi cabeza. Pía levanto una de sus cejas y se inclinó nuevamente hacia mí \"¿Y esto? Me preguntó con sus labios milímetros de los míos. Cerré el contacto con los suyos y nos dimos un beso breve pero dulce. \"Mucho mejor\" le respondí cuando sus labios dejaron los míos. \"Niñas\" Escuchamos una voz venir desde el pasillo y en pánico Pía prácticamente se lanzó hacia el suelo, quedando de lado mío. Con mis codos me impulse para ver a Maca entrando a la puerta. La vi mirándonos con sospecha pero aún así lo dejo ir \"Las veo abajo en 15 minutos, ¿Está bien?\" Las dos le asentimos y la vimos dejar el cuarto. Mis ojos voltearon hacia Pía y reí al verla sobando su hombro \"¿Moretón?\" Me hizo una cara de desagrada logrando que solo riera más \"Por burlarte de mí\" le dije riendo. Pía sacudió su cabeza con una sonrisa maliciosa en sus labios y con gran fuerza empujó mi hombro, haciéndome perder el balance \"Y eso por burlarte de mí\" me dijo victoriosa mientras yo sobaba mi cabeza, la cual había caído contra el suelo. Traté de agarrar su mano pero ella rápidamente se puso de pie \"Me daré una ducha\" me dijo mientras caminaba hacia el baño \"Puedes acompañarme si quieres\" agregó mirándome pícaramente desde la puerta del baño. Boquiabierta la vi desaparecer, dejando la puerta abierta, y sin siquiera pensarlo y olvidando el dolor vibrando en mi cuerpo, salté del suelo, mis pies automáticamente siguiéndola. \"¿Qué sucede Maca?\" escuché a una de las chicas preguntar, nos encontrábamos todas reunidas en la sala como Maca lo había pedido. No pude distinguir la voz de quién preguntaba, mi atención estaba en otra parte, mi mano se entrelazaba con la de Pía detrás de su espalda, mis dedos jugueteando con los suyos, podía escuchar pequeñas risas salir de sus labios, inaudibles para las demás, pero para mí eran el sonido más dulce que había escuchado. \"Anoche...\" Maca comenzó a decir mientras mis ojos trataban de despegarse del cuello de Pía, sonreí al ver un pequeño chupetón en su punto de pulso. \"…Estuve analizando su estadía en esta casa\" Pía me dio un pequeño codazo en las costillas tratando de que prestara atención \"Que miedo…\" respondí por impulso, escuchando las risas escapar de las demás chicas. Mis dedos pasaron a acariciar los mechones de Pía, sintiéndome desinteresada con la conversación, escuché a Maca suspirar con mi comentario \"Y tomé la decisión de quienes se van y quienes se quedan en esta casa\". Me enchino la piel el escuchar su voz suavizarse maternalmente, de pronto sentí una extraña melancolía rodearme, sintiendo temor por lo que viniera después. La mano de Pía instantáneamente apretó la mía y yo la apreté de regreso mirando a la mujer que se había convertido en una madre para todas nosotras en los últimos seis meses. \"Todas las experiencias que han vivido me han llevado a decidir quiénes están listas para irse\". Sentí la mano de Pía resbalarse de la mía y vi sus brazos cruzándose sobre su cuerpo, con una sonrisa triste lancé mi brazo sobre su hombro, acercándola hacia mí, reconfortándola. \"Y quienes necesitan más tiempo en esta casa…\" Tenía miedo de que volviera a suceder la misma situación en la que Pía se fue, y yo me quede sin ella. Mi mano inconscientemente apretó gentilmente su hombro, con angustia, ella sintió mi incomodidad porque automáticamente puso su mano sobre la mía. \"Siéntense por favor.\" Las seis obligamos y alcancé a notar que cada una de las caras de las chicas estaba revuelta en nostalgia, era un extraño sentimiento, nunca piensas en el que pasará cuando salgas. Deje a Pía guiarme hasta el sillón y lado a lado nos sentamos sobre él, mi mano recorriendo su brazo suavemente. Estaba demasiado sorprendida como para decir algo, mis manos se aferraban a Pía como si fuera la última vez que la tocarían. A lo lejos escuché la voz de Adela levantarse \"¿Y? Ahórranos la agonía\" Adela dijo en desesperación \"Dinos quienes se quedan y quienes se van\" Mis ojos se dispararon hacia Maca y la vi morder su labio inferior, sentía mi corazón latir rápidamente con impaciencia. Lentamente observé sus ojos mirar hacia donde Pía y yo estábamos sentadas, inhalé dolorosamente esperando escuchar lo que ya sabía que venía. \"Pía\" Maca dijo con una voz gentil. Mis ojos miraron la cara sorprendida de Pía mientras ella levantaba su mirada tímidamente. \"Tú estás aquí por un convenio de trabajo, pero…\" Mi mano soltó su brazo y la llevé hacia mi boca, mordiendo ansiosamente mis uñas mientras veía los labios de Maca moverse. \"Yo te liberó de esa deuda…\" Cerré mis ojos por un segundo mientras sentía mi cara acalorarse con ansiedad, esperando la decisión \"Puedes irte\" A mi lado vi a Pía darle una media sonrisa, mientras sus ojos se veían igual de sorprendidos que los míos. \"Gracias Maca\" Pía dijo prácticamente en un suspiro y mis ojos la miraron curiosamente, mi mano bajando hacia su hombro. \"Gracias por darme un hogar…\" La escuché decir, su sonrisa mostrando melancolía y agradecimiento, por segundos olvidé que yo seguía aquí. \"Gracias en verdad por todo lo que hiciste por mí\" Una sonrisa solidaria se creó en mis labios al escuchar tal emoción salir de su voz y sin pensarlo envolví a mi Pía en un gran abrazo. \"Te amo\" le murmuré en su oído antes de que las demás chicas vinieran a apretarnos entre sus brazos. Después de unos cuantos segundos las chicas se separaron de nosotras, pero mis brazos aún se encontraban rodeando su cuerpo, con miedo de que si la soltaba no podría abrazarla de nuevo. Sentí sus labios tocar ligeramente mi cuello y la voz de Adela hizo que nos separáramos. \"¿Y quién sigue Maca?\" Adela preguntó mientras todas mirábamos a Maca de nuevo. Ella pareció pensar por un segundo y durante ese intervalo vimos a Nina salir corriendo del cuarto con Marisa siguiéndola detrás. Mis hombros cayeron en angustia al tener que esperar aún más. Sentí a Pía alejarse de mí y mis ojos voltearon a verla, mi corazón se hincho con adoración al verla lanzarse en los brazos de Maca, quién más había obtenido ayuda de esta casa, era ella, y me sentía orgullosa de que Pía sería la que se fuera, por más triste que pudiera ser el quedarme aquí sin ella, no pensaba en alguien más que merecía salir de aquí, que ella. \"Alguien puede hablarle a Nina y Marisa?\" Maca preguntó mientras rompía el abrazo con Pía, dándole esa última sonrisa materna. Con la ansiedad carcomiéndome me puse de pie rápidamente y camine hacia el cuarto de las chicas, mi cabeza daba vueltas con angustia al no saber qué pasaría conmigo. No podía soportar estar sin Pía de nuevo, la última vez sentí una gran soledad envolverme. \"Niñas!\" les exclamé cuando entre al cuarto \"¿Qué hacen acá?\" pregunte con desesperación \"Bajen ya\" les ordené con irritación mientras daba la media vuelta hacia la sala de nuevo. Mis pies moviéndose con rapidez, esperando saber quién era la siguiente, pero mi cuerpo cayó en el sillón decepcionada, al darme cuenta que Greta faltaba, la espera sería aún más larga. Vi a Pía sentada con Adela cerca de la ventana mientras yo me recargué en el mueble tratando de controlar mi ansiedad, pero estuve agradecida cuando el tono desesperado de Adela volvió a relucir \"¿Entonces Maca? ¿Quién se va? ¿Y quién se queda?\" Mis ojos voltearon a ver a Maca e implorándole le dije \"Si Maca, no más suspenso, dinos quién mas se va\" Maca tomó un suspiro y me miró directamente a los ojos, haciendo que esa esperanza de irme con Pía creciera dentro de mí. \"¿Has aprendido algo aquí Valentina?\" Casi resoplé con la pregunta, era muy mala con las pregunta cripticas de Maca, y sin saber que contestarle simplemente me encogí de hombros \"Pues así de aprender, aprender, yo creo que no Maca\" le conteste sacudiendo la cabeza, un poco asustada de esperar el veredicto de Maca, creía que la respuesta que le había dado no era lo suficiente buena para ella, pero de pronto la voz de Pía se levanto detrás de mí \"Mentira!\" la escuché exclamarme y Maca y yo volteamos a verla \"Has aprendido demasiadas cosas acá\" la escuché decirme con una sonrisa en sus labios \"Por eso mereces irte de acá\" Le sonreí de vuelta no queriendo nada más que irme de aquí con ella. \"Esto no es contigo Pía\" escuché la voz de Maca casi reír detrás de mí, y de nuevo la angustia me consumió. \"Pero si es conmigo Maca\" Pía dijo de nuevo, mis ojos quemando los suyos con toda la atención del mundo \"Yo estuve en el foso por dos años\" Pía comenzó con sus ojos mirando los míos \"Y Valen en unos días, q segundos\" dijo sonriéndome \"lo cambio todo\" Sentí esa calidez familiar recorrer mi cuerpo de nuevo al escuchar su voz suavizarse con sus palabras \"Me cambio todo\" agregó con sus ojos vidriosos de lágrimas y alegría, no pude evitar la sonrisa que creció en mis labios, ya no tenía miedo de perderla, y yo sabía que no haría nada para perderla. A su lado alcancé a ver la sonrisa boba de Adela, la realización de nuestra relación rizándose en sus labios. Sin siquiera importarme que Maca estaba ahí, me levante del sillón y caminé hacia ella, vi el brillo de sus ojos aumentar con cada paso que daba y pronto mis brazos se encontraban rodeando su cuello, abrazándola cerca de mí, ella río al verme prácticamente lanzarme hacia sus brazos, mientras que Adela solamente fingía ver a otro lado, aunque aún permanecía esa media sonrisa en sus labios. \"Ya estamos todas aquí\" Escuché la voz de Nina resaltar en el cuarto y forzadamente me alejé de Pía, pero con un rápido movimiento entrelacé sus dedos con los míos. Detrás del sofá donde Maca estaba sentada apareció Nina junto con Marisa y Greta, esta última con una cara de seriedad que no se le había visto desde la situación con Kike. \"Bueno, ya sabemos que Pía puede irse\" Maca dijo, como si le gustará provocar intencionalmente la tensión entre nosotras, lo único que obtuvo como resultado fueron quejas y rugidos por parte de todas nosotras, necesitaba saber que pasaría conmigo y con Pía. \"Valentina\" escuché mi nombre salir de sus labios y automáticamente mis ojos se levantaron hacia ella, mi mano apretando más fuerte la de Pía. \"A pesar de la defensa de Pía…\" Una pequeña sonrisa salió de mis labios al recordar el tan emotivo discurso que ella había dicho sobre nosotras. \"Considero que eres la más fuerte de todas\" Casi la miré sorprendida, yo creía que la más fuerte era una morena sentada a mi lado, yo no me consideraba ni la más fuerte ni la más valiente, pero el sentir que Pía apretaba mi mano me hacia dar a entender que ella estaba totalmente de acuerdo con Maca. \"Y tu problema no lo vas a resolver en esta casa ni en ninguna otra parte que no sea contigo misma\" Sentía ganas de reír por dentro, mi situación estaba más que clara en este momento. Sentí los brazos de Pía circular mi cuerpo al escuchar las siguientes palabras salir de la boca de Maca \"Eso quiere decir que puedes irte\". Creo que nunca me había sentido más feliz y aliviada en mi vida, me iría de aquí, y me iría con la persona más importante de mi vida, todo parecía irreal, demasiada perfección para ser real, era libre por fin. Abracé a Pía igual de fuerte que ella a mí, todo sería diferente ahora, por fin podíamos experimentar nuestra relación como algo real y por supuesto, como algo especial y duradero. Lo siguiente fueron palabras que entraron y salieron por mis oídos, aunque me daba gusta que Marisa saldría con nosotros, ella como todas, se había convertido en una gran amiga para mí, y añoraba poder verla fuera de esta casa, compartir cosas que de otra forma no podríamos hacer encerradas aquí. Por un instante pensé que Maca por fin nos dejaría salir a todas, especialmente después de todo lo que habíamos hecho para esta casa, pero un grito de Adela me dio a entender que eso no sería posible, ella, Nina, y Greta aún tenían cosas por resolver, según Maca. Entre protestas de nosotras y de las tres niñas mal, Maca decidió corrernos al resto de las tres, a las que ya estábamos libres. \"Salgan por favor\" exclamó en voz alta, y no nos quedaba más que salir del cuarto, le di un apretón al brazo de Adela para mostrarle mi apoyo y con mi mano aún entrelazada con la de Pía salimos de la sala. \"Ay no!\" Marisa exclamó mientras Pía y yo nos sentábamos en el sofá frente a la televisión \"Yo necesito algo de comer antes de que me mate la angustia\" Reí junto con Pía mientras observábamos a Marisa salir corriendo hacia la cocina. \"Menos mal que nos vamos de aquí, si no Marisa nos deja sin comida\" Pía rió mientras se acomodaba debajo de mi brazo. Le sonreí amorosamente al verla acurrucarse en mi hombro, con sus brazos alrededor de mi cintura \"Gracias…\" le dije suavemente mientras plantaba un beso sobre su cabeza \"Gracias porque?\" escuché su dulce voz preguntarme \"Por todo lo que le dijiste a Maca de mí\" le respondí con mi mano acercándose hacia la suya. Sentí a Pía encogerse de hombros, sus brazos apretándome \"Es solo lo que yo siento\". Suspiré profundamente y puse mi mano sobre su barbilla, levantando gentilmente su cara hacia mí \"Te juro que me encanta haberme enamorado de ti\". Me sonrió tiernamente y sacudió un poco su cabeza \"No me digas eso\" Levanté mi ceja en confusión pero con la sonrisa aún rizada en mis labios \"¿Porque? Si es la verdad\" Una pequeña risa salió de sus labios y gentilmente juntó su frente con la mía \"Porque solo hace que me enamoré más de ti\" Las dos compartimos una sonrisa enorme mientras sentía el rubor crecer por mis mejillas, lentamente me incliné hacia ella, cerrando el espacio entre nuestros labios, mi corazón latía locamente con cada movimiento, con mi mente volando entre las nubes. \"Te adoro\" le dije cuando mis labios dejaron los suyos \"Te adoro, te adoro, te adoro\" le repetí con las risas de Pía inundando mis sentidos \"Te amo\" me dijo con una media sonrisa, me quedé callada por unos segundos, admirando sus hermosos ojos almendrados y sin pensarlo mis labios capturaron de nuevo los suyos, en un beso más intenso. Sentí la necesidad de devorarla, de tener su cuerpo entre mis dedos de nuevo, era mágica la forma en que nuestros labios encontraban el ritmo perfecto, no solo logrando que mi sangre corriera aún más rápido, si no logrando que la amara aún más. \"Vayaaa, vayaaa\" nuestros labios instantáneamente se separaron al escuchar una voz reír a nuestro lado. \"Se habían tardado\" Adela nos dijo mientras yo sentía mi cara enrojecerse, escuché a Pía reír tímidamente y volteé hacia ella, para verla aún más roja de lo que yo estaba. \"¿Qué pasa Adela?\" le pregunté mientras evadía su mirada y mis ojos miraban el piso \"Vengan a la sala, rápido\" Adela nos ordenó mientras salía del cuarto, mi mirada se levantó hacia Pía, quien fruncía el entrecejo en confusión, me encogí de hombros y le indique que la siguiéramos. \"¿Qué pasa?\" Pía y yo preguntamos al ver al resto de las chicas, incluida Maca, paradas cerca de la ventana observando hacia afuera. \"Pasa que Greta es mi heroína\" Adela dijo sonriéndole orgullosamente a Greta. Nos acercamos hacia ellas y desde la ventana pude observar a dos policías dirigirse hacia su patrulla, y para mi sorpresa, Kike se encontraba entre los dos, con las manos esposadas. \"Se merece salir Maca\" escuché la voz de Pía indicarle, y como señal, las seis dirigimos nuestras miradas hacia Maca, esperando su último veredicto \"No hace falta!\" Maca exclamó, sus ojos abriéndose enormemente \"Adela, Greta y Nina se van de la casa!\" Era imposible no notar la felicidad que radiaba en su cara, junto con el orgullo de que se sentía segura de que todas podíamos salir, escuché a Adela gritar con felicidad a mi lado y toda esa melancolía que se había sentido al principio, terminó en un segundo. \"Vamos a empacar!\" Gritó Marisa y con su misma emoción, corrimos detrás de ella, todas, a excepción de Nina. \"Dame mi tortuga Valentina!\" Pía rio mientras trataba de quitarme la tortuga de mis manos. \"Regálamela!\" le rogué con voz chillona mientras alejaba el peluche de ella. Pía sacudió su cabeza mientras me empujaba con sus manos \"No Valentina!\" Hice un puchero con mi labio inferior y puse la tortuga en frente de ella \"Pero no quiere que nos separemos\" le dije en voz baja. Pía río de nuevo y me miro a los ojos \"Sabes que no pasará.\" Compartimos una mirada tierna, sintiendo el amor crecer cada vez más. Es verdad en un lugar tan lejos de todos… En ese instante escuchamos la puerta de nuestro cuarto abrirse y las dos volteamos hacia ella, encontrándonos a Adela, cargando su mochila terminada de empacar. Tu sonrisa es la que me acompaña en cada día… Le sonreí cariñosamente, después de Pía, con Adela había establecido un lazo igual de especial y le tenía un tremendo cariño ya. Y me envuelve… Se me hacía extraño que de ahora en adelante no iríamos a sentarnos al techo a tener una de nuestras profundas conversaciones mientras cantábamos junto con nuestras canciones favoritas. Porque todo lo que tengo, porque todo lo q hago, es para ti… Levanté mi mano, manteniéndola abierta, y con un saludo que era familiar entre nosotras chocamos las palmas de nuestras manos, para después, chocar juntos los nudillos. Porque todo lo que tengo, porque todo lo q hago, es para ti… Aunque Adela no era de esas a las que les gustaba expresar mucho cariño, creí que hoy debía ser la excepción. Y es por ti… Sin pensarlo abrí mis brazos enormemente y justo como lo había predicho, la sentí lanzarse hacia mí, envolviéndonos en un gran abrazo. \"No te pierdas\" le murmuré al oído. La sentí sacudir su cabeza y me murmuró de regreso \"Ni tu...\" Mil palabras no pueden describir lo que yo siento… Pía y yo salimos de nuestro cuarto, el cual a partir de ahora, ya no sería de nosotras, con nuestras mochilas sobre nuestros hombros y con mi guitarra sujeta a una de mis manos, deje que mi mano libre se entrelazará con la suya, mientras caminábamos los pasillos de la casa de Maca. De una de las puertas de la casa salió Marisa, con una sonrisa esperanzada en sus labios y una risa que no podía controlar. No es extraño lo supe siempre desde el inicio y lo sabes… \"Niñas!\" exclamó mientras nos envolvía en uno de sus grandes abrazos. \"Ay! Las voy a extrañar mucho\" Marisa dijo mientras su abrazo se volvía cada vez más fuerte. Porque todo lo que tengo, porque todo lo q hago, es para ti… \"Nosotras también Mari\" alcancé a decir con un poco de dificultad. \"Aww\" La escuché decir mientras sentía el aire llenar mis pulmones de nuevo. \"Que bonitas se ven\" dijo con una risilla saliendo de sus labios al ver nuestras manos juntas. Porque todo lo que tengo, porque todo lo q hago, es para ti… \"Cuentan conmigo\" le sonreí al sentir la sinceridad radiar en su voz. \"Gracias\" escuché a Pía decir a mi lado, nos miramos por un momento a los ojos antes de lanzarnos hacia Marisa, envolviéndola con uno de nuestros abrazos. Y es por ti… Sin soltar nuestras manos hicimos el resto del recorrido hacia la puerta principal de la casa, sin voltear atrás ni un solo segundo, dejamos el pasado justo donde debía de quedarse, encerrado dentro de los cuartos de la casa de Maca. Cada paso era un paso más hacia la libertad. Es extraño como 6 meses de tu vida te cambian todo, y en un abrir de ojos pasa lo inexplicable, desde la muerte de una de tus mejores amigas, hasta encontrar uno y si no el único amor de tu vida. Eres todo lo que tengo… Habiendo dicho nuestros adiós hacia las demás, salimos juntas como debería ser, entramos en tiempos separados, pero lo más importante es que Pía no salió con nadie más, espero dos años a salir de estas puertas a mi lado. Eres todo lo que amo… La casa parecía ser más chica ahora, y en pocos pasos estábamos en la reja de las afueras del lugar que temporalmente era nuestro hogar. Eres todo lo que siento… \"¿Y ahora qué?\" Pía me preguntó sintiendo como yo el nuevo aire de libertad, tantas cosas que se podían hacer, y en momentos como estos no tenias en la cabeza ni un lugar a donde ir. Por qué todo lo que tengo… \"Pues…\" comencé a decir mientras sujetaba sus manos con las mías, una idea creándose en mi mente \"Parece que aquí dentro todo lo hicimos al revés\" le dije con una sonrisa, sintiendo el aire pegar frescamente en mi cara. Por qué todo lo que hago… Pía arrugo ligeramente la frente pero sonriendo espero a que prosiguiera. \"Hay algo que quiero hacer\" le dije tomando un paso hacia ella, nuestras caras poco a poco acercándose. \"¿Y qué es eso?\" Pía murmuró, su mirada bajando hacia mis labios. \"Pues…\" le murmuré de regreso con mis labios centímetros a los suyos. Por qué todo lo que siento… \"¿Quieres salir conmigo?\" le pregunté y mi corazón dio giros al ver sus labios rizarse en una sonrisa al estar milímetros de los míos, mi aliento se contuvo en mi garganta al sentir la colisión de nuestras bocas. Es por ti… Era un beso diferente, era una unión repleta de esperanza, de llevar nuestra relación a un nivel completamente diferente, de llevarla al mundo real y hacerla crecer cada día más, fuera de la seguridad de la casa de Maca. Todo es por ti… Sentí mis labios sonreír durante el beso, al escuchar una serie de claxons desatarse a nuestro alrededor, sin siquiera levantar mi cara podía saber quienes venían dentro de esos carros, el resto de aquellas que dieron el giro importante en mi vida. Es por ti… Separando lentamente mis labios de ella, la miré directamente a los ojos \"¿Entonces?\" le pregunté de nuevo. \"Me encantaría\" Escuchar su voz me enchinaba la piel, y aunque conocía sus secretos, su cuerpo y sus pensamientos, en el momento que mis labios tocaron de nuevo los suyos parecía que la conocería de nuevo. Con un gran respiro de libertad supe que a mi lado venía alguien en un millón, alguien a quien podría llamar destino… Es para ti… FIN ","Summary":" La historia empieza después de que Nina trata de quemar la casa, cuando se dan el segundo beso :) C"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Amor anestesiado en transición","Author":"Jacqueline Wolfox","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6590402","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ha pasado un tiempo ya desde que salimos de casa de Maca. Creo que Nina y Greta aún siguen ahí; supe que la pobre de Greta fue en busca de Emiliano y lo vio con su nueva novia, aunque no me extraña. Emiliano me había contado antes de su decisión de desintoxicarse de Greta, o al menos eso fue lo que dijo…en fin. Supongo que ahora le toca crecer sola, aunque la entiendo muy bien y me da tristeza, porque parte de mi vive lo que ella. No igual, claro está, pero parecido. Mi vida desde la salida de la casa de Maca no ha sido muy intensa que digamos, pero hay ciertas cosillas que debo contar. Me fui a vivir con Valen. Sí, lo que pasa es que no quería vivir con mi mamá, Valen tampoco quería irse a su casa porque no se lleva nada bien con su familia, siempre me dice que soy su única familia, su mejor amiga, que me adora y blah blah. La verdad es que me costó tomar esta decisión, porque ya verla como una amiga no era algo fácil para mí. Supuse que vivir con ella sería un suplicio; pero no resultó tal cosa, la verdad es que ha sido bastante grato. Algo diferente de cómo era en Casa de Maca. Creo que hasta me ha ayudado; si bien, no puedo negar que mi amor por ella no desapareció, con la convivencia diaria, verla como una amiga era más fácil, no sabría explicar por qué, pero a veces como que se me olvidaba que la amaba y me limitaba a disfrutar de su compañía, de su alegría, de su vida… Nuestro departamento era un lugar pequeñito pero muy lindo. No era así cuando llegamos, las paredes estaban de un color damasco desquebrajado, todo estaba sucio, la ausencia de muebles le daba un aspecto de abandonada y el baño estaba lleno de moho. Además de una que otra ventana rota. Valen insistió en que pintáramos las paredes rojas, dice que ese color tiene mucha actitud, yo no me opuse, siempre me ha gustado el rojo. Limpiamos el departamento, cambiamos algunas ventanas y pusimos pocos, pero muy bonitos muebles. El espacio de la sala era chiquito, pero aún así pudimos acomodar un sofá para dos y un equipo formidable que Valen trajo de su antigua casa. Una mesita redonda con dos sillas un poco incómodas. La cocina fue un reto, porque no éramos precisamente ricas. Pero la mamá de Val le dio algo de plata cuando ella se fue, sentía esa responsabilidad. A Valen le costó aceptarla porque no es de las que se llamen aprovechadora. Pero la necesidad esta vez la hizo aceptar el dinero sin chistar. Y para completar la salita comedor pusimos un estante para acomodar libros, revistas, discos, o lo que fuera. El baño como todo lo demás era pequeño, pero tenía una tina formidable; es una de las cosas que más me gusta de la casa. Aunque el lugar era pequeño tenía dos habitaciones, así que nos pudimos acomodar muy bien. En el mío me alcanzo una cama mediana, un clóset y un escritorio. Val no puso escritorio en su habitación, puso una cama muy grande, me dijo que le gustaban los espacios grandes cuando de dormir se trataba, tampoco puso clóset, porque dijo que no le gustaban, no me puedo imaginar por qué (ja!), sólo puso una cajonera y su guitarra por supuesto! Yo encontré trabajo en un hotel, de recepcionista. No tenía grandes cualidades, pero el hecho de hablar inglés me ayudó mucho. Me pagaban bien, me trataban bien. Era un buen trabajo, sino fuese por un pequeñísimo detalle, que ahora no tiene mucha importancia en todo caso. Los tres mosqueteros amigos de Adela llegaron ahí a trabajar de botones y por primera vez el trabajo les estaba durando. Aunque con el tiempo debo decir que Axl se me hizo menos desagradable; después de todo no puedo culparlo por amar a Valentina. Y bueno…sus locuras de vez en cuanto me hacían amenas las tardes. Valen siguió trabajando en su música y para ayudar con los gastos se puso a trabajar como cajera de un supermercado. Siempre me llegaba contando llena de rabia alguna pelea que tuvo con cierto cliente y yo me reía a carcajadas! La vida con Val era realmente bella, aún como amigas. De vez en cuando recibimos mail de las otras niñas, incluso de Adela, pero no nos hemos visto muy seguido que digamos… en las fechas importantes, sin embargo, acordamos juntarnos siempre. A pesar de ser jóvenes nos la llevábamos muy bien con nuestra independencia, y acordamos estudiar en el próximo año, no sabíamos que íbamos a estudiar cuando fuésemos a la universidad, pero una cosa si era clara, tenía que ser en la misma. Para vernos aunque sea en los descansos o la hora de comer. En las noches al llegar de nuestro trabajos siempre armábamos algo entretenido para hacer, o ver una película, o a veces Valen tocaba la guitarra y ambas cantábamos, otras veces subíamos el volumen al equipo de sonido y nos poníamos a bailar horas por toda la casa. Otros días juegos de mesa y otros tanto sólo conversábamos. Cierto día estaba en la recepción del hotel como de costumbre y una chica, muy bella debo decir, se acercó al mesón con la mirada un poco perdida. No tenía aspecto de ser de por aquí, era joven, muy rubia, corte de melena, liso, ojos azules, casi color cielo, piel muy bien cuidada, delgada, pero no muy alta. Me miró y me pregunto dónde estaba la habitación 120; debe haber estado muy perdida, porque el hotel sólo tenía 60 habitaciones, pero de todas maneras era muy lujoso. En ese momento note su acento, obviamente no era de acá. -Estás segura de que 120 es el número de tu habitación?- le pregunte con voz suave -La verdad es que no estoy segura. Es que no soy de estos lugares, ando muy desorientada.- Me dijo poniendo una cara como de desesperación, pero tierna a la vez. - Tienes reservación? Si tienes me das tu nombre y lo buscamos en la red. - Anabella Davis- me dijo y es lo único que dijo segura. - Déjame ver…ah, sí, acá estás, Anabella Davis en la habitación número 12, no 120!- le dije con una carcajada. - Lo siento, es que no estaba muy segura de…- se sonrojó. - No, por favor, no te disculpes. Llamaré al botones para que te acompañe a la habitación- Busque con la mirada a Piti, Fatu o Axl, pero ninguno de los tres estaba.- Y donde se han metido estos tres ahora? -No te preocupes, yo puedo ir sola. - No como crees, con lo perdida que estabas, mejor yo te llevo, ven, sígueme- le dije mientras caminaba hacia el ascensor. La habitación estaba sólo en el segundo piso por lo que el trayecto no fue muy largo. De segundos en segundos me miraba confundida y cuando le devolvía la mirada ella posaba la cabeza nerviosa hacia abajo, eso me dio mucha risa; este trabajo me había enseñado a dejar de la do la timidez, una tiene que aprender a tratar con todo tipo de gente y por lo general son personas muy pedantes, pero esta chica era diferente, tan tímida, que me recordaba a mi misma en tiempos anteriores. Llegamos a la habitación y después de agradecerme mucho me pregunto mi nombre, y se lo dije mientras nos apretábamos la mano a modo de presentación. Luego volví a mi lugar de trabajo. Los tres bobos estaban ahí en la recepción desordenando mis papeles, y cuando les pregunte donde estaban me respondieron lo mismo de siempre, que estaban comiendo. Supongo que debí haberme disgustado, pero me había agradado Anabella, por lo cual lo dejé pasar. Después de un rato de estar en la recepción haciendo lo mío chequé mi teléfono celular como siempre y había un mensaje de Valen \" Vamos por un helado después del trabajo?\" , le respondí \"Más te vale , paso por ti\". Cuando levante la vista después de haber enviado el mensaje me encontré con la cara de Anabella sonriente. Me asuste un poco de la sorpresa. -Hola- me dijo- Perdón por haber estado tan callada hace un rato…es que vengo llegando acá y la verdad es que has sido la única persona amable conmigo Pía… estoy acá porque mi papá vino a una conferencia de enfermedades respiratorias. Es un doctor muy reconocido, pero su trabajo nos arrastra a todas partes. Bueno, no te quiero aburrir contándote mi vida. Pero…estoy muy aburrida y no conozco a nadie…excepto a ti. Me permitirías invitarte un café? Me pareció muy extraña la naturalidad con la que hablaba ahora a pesar de haber sido tan tímida hace unos momentos, pero la invitación me agradó bastante. Debo confesar que Anabella me parecía muy simpática y además atractiva.[Chapter 2] Ese día me peleé con dos imbéciles más que quería pagar con dinero falso. Cómo me asfixiaba este trabajo, ansiaba volver a mi departamento, a mi música y a Pía… De hecho hace tiempo que no salíamos por la ciudad. Así que me pareció buena idea invitarla a tomar un heladito! Le mande un mensaje y ella me indicó que vendría por mí. La verdad es que nunca espere querer tanto a alguien como quiero a Pía. A veces pienso que somos como almas gemelas, y es que siempre me rio con ella, siempre me hace sentir tranquila, cómoda, cálida. Y luego cuando estoy acá siento mucha ansiedad por volver a ver a mi amiga…amiga, sí, es el acuerdo en el que habíamos quedado por mi propia decisión, y debo confesar que para mí no era fácil tampoco; yo sé que Pía me ama, pero el amor complica tanto las cosas, es más fácil ser amigas, no? Sin embargo a veces siento mis instintos despertar cuando la veo. Cuando la sorprendo mirándome con esos ojos oscuros y cuando me acaricia la cara por uno u otro motivo. Pero la verdad que para ser más que su amigas aún me falta valentía…sí, no soy tan Valientina después de todo. A veces Ana se me viene a la memoria y no me imagino lo que sería de mi si ahora le pasará algo a Pía, no sería capaz de soportar ese dolor de nuevo, más aún sin tener a una Pía que me de consuelo…lo estaría perdiendo todo. Bueno, ya casi era la hora de salir, y sólo quería que pasaran luego los 20 minutos que faltaban para las 8 y ver la carita de Pía. En eso vibra mi celular con un mensaje de texto nuevo. Era de Pía \"Lo siento Valen, algo se presento, llegaré un poco más tarde, dejamos el helado para otro día, si? Te adoro! Pía\". Maldita sea! Bueno…será en otra ocasión. Supongo que me conformaré con tocar la guitarra al llegar a casa. A eso de la once llegó Pía con una gran sonrisa en su cara. No sé por qué eso me inquietó. Y sin querer parecerlo le pregunte con el tono más sereno que pude. Y por qué vienes llegando a esta hora, nunca te quedas hasta tan tarde! Te están masacrando en el trabajo, verdad? Mi pobre Pía!- dije sonriendo. No valen…estaba con una amiga. Bueno, no sé si es amiga- rió estúpidamente- digo, es que sólo la conocí hoy, y es extranjera, me invitó a tomar un café y me dio pena decirle que no. No puedo decir que las palabras de Pía me alegraron, de hecho sentí bien feo en el pecho. No era el hecho de que hubiese estado tomando un café con la chica esta, sino que sonriera tan tontamente. Pero parece que te la has pasado muy bien con ella, no? Sí, es bastante simpática. Al principio estaba muy cohibida, pero creo que ya se soltó del todo. Bueno y tiene una vida muy interesante porque su papá es un medico muy famoso y tiene que dar muchas conferencias alrededor del mundo entonces viaja mucho y conoce muchos lugares. Tiene unas fotos bellísimas de Australia con koalas y todo... Ah, sí? pues…que emocionante, quien fuera ella, no? Disculpa, pero no me siento muy bien creo que me iré a dar un baño. Desde el baño pide escuchar que ponía música muy cursi, me extraño porque no es muy común en ella. Los días siguientes era lo mismo. Pía llegaba tarde con cara de boba y mi inquietud crecía más. A veces sólo me saludaba y alegaba estar cansada y se iba a acostar de inmediato. Eso si me enojaba, sé que en algunos casos no tenía nada que reclamarme, pero como su amiga sentía que me estaba dejando de lado. Ya seis días había pasado con el mismo comportamiento. Y sentí la necesidad de saber más de esta chica a la que Pía veía todos los días, pero no quería preguntarle directamente a ella, creo que me daba un poco de vergüenza, después de todo lo que habíamos pasado no podía empezar a armarle escenitas, y sé que si se lo preguntaba me terminaría enojando. Si se habían conocido en el trabajo lo más sensato era hablar con alguien que también trabajara allí. Así que llame a Axl por teléfono en mi hora de comer. Hola, Axl? Soy Valentina. Dragoncita! Que sorpresa, me llamas porque me extrañas? No Axl, no seas baboso! Jajaja! No…la verdad es que te llamo para preguntarte por alguien. No! No creo que me quieras preguntar por Pía , si la ves todos los días! Ese es el problema! Que ya no la veo tan seguido! Tu sabes quién es la amiguita que tiene Pía allá en el hotel? Mmm…ah! Te refieres a Anabella! Pues ella es una huésped de acá, que por cierto está como quiere! No me malinterpretes dragoncita, yo sólo tengo ojos para ti! Pero es una chica muy guapa y parece que ella y Pía se han hecho muy amigas, siempre las veo conversando y después del trabajo Pía a veces va con ella a los ascensores, supongo que al cuarto de ella. O a veces salen por ahí. La verdad es que acá casi están pegadas! Jajaja! Pía habla con ella más de lo que trabaja! Cada palabra de Axl me daba más miedo. Pero no, ha pasado muy poco tiempo desde que Pía y ella se conocieron…pero…y cuando Pía y yo nos conocimos? También nos hicimos inseparables en un solo un segundo. Pero esto no era lo mismo…lo de yo y Pía era diferente. Claro que lo era…me intentaba calmar con estos pensamientos. Está bien! Suficiente información por el momento Axl, Gracias por todo! No te pongas celosa dragoncita, si la señorita Pía está igual de clavada por ti que yo. Jajaja! No seas baboso Axl, si no tiene que ver con eso…era sólo curiosidad.- y colgué. Pero la verdad es que no era sólo curiosidad…tenía miedo, me sentía insegura. Pero decidí dejarlo pasar por un tiempo más. Pasaron dos semanas y Pía llegaba tarde menos seguido. Aun así me seguía molestando, pero es que ni siquiera me la había presentado, ni siquiera la había traído acá para conocerla, no conocerla acrecentaba mi inseguridad. Y más aún un día que me texteó esto \"no me esperes Val, cenaré con Anabella, llegare muy tarde\". Pero lo peor fue que esa noche no llegó muy tarde, sino que no llegó. Esa vez si estaba enojadísima. La tarde siguiente le recordé lo de la invitación a del helado. Aceptó con agrado y yo la pase a buscar al hotel. Con suerte y vería a la misteriosa Anabella! La vi salir con su uniforme de recepcionista, esos trajes grises que le sentaban tan bien, y esas minifaldas que a veces me desordenaban los hormonas! No tuve suerte y ni luces de Anabella. Cuando estábamos en la heladería la conversación iba como cualquier otra, hasta que tuve el coraje de tocarle el tema. Y… no viste hoy a Anabella? -Dije fingiendo desinterés. Primero me miro un poco intrigada y luego respondió con naturalidad. Claro que si, la veo todos los días. Ah!... es que, no me has dicho mucho últimamente, y si no te preguntaba ahora ni enterada estoy de que te ves todos los días con ella. Y por qué tanta cita y todo? Y además de todo no llegas a dormir! Pía yo se que lo que no debería estar reclamándote, pero es que me preocupaste anoche y me siento abandonada últimamente. – Me miro en silencio un rato Lo siento Val…no te comente nada porque creí que no te interesaba. Pía , claro que me interesa, todo lo tuyo me interesa, somos mejores amigas, recuerdas?- le tomé la mano sobre la mesa.- Me sonrió. Bueno siendo así…de hecho hay algo que tengo que decirte- dijo sonriendo y como juguetona, pero mientras lo decía torpemente metió parte de su puño en la copa de helado que aún estaba hasta arriba- Pero que tonta soy! Deja, voy a buscar una servilleta- dije apresuradamente. No Val, descuida, voy al baño a limpiarme mejor, espérame, vuelvo enseguida- me guiñó un ojo y se fue al baño. Mientras esperaba su teléfono que estaba en la mesa vibró, tenía un mensaje de texto nuevo y justamente de Anabella, no pude resistir la curiosidad y le leí. \"Thanks for last Night; It was the best night ever. Love you, A. \" (Gracias por lo de anoche, fue la mejor noche de todas, te quiero, A.) Mi mano templó un instante con el celular en mano, no devolví a su lugar y miré el suelo algún rato, no sé cuanto exactamente. Sólo salí de mi trance cuando escuche la voz de Pía. Val, estás bien? Estás pálida!- me dijo sorprendida. No pasa nada Pía- sólo sentí un mareo. Sí quieres nos podemos ir y en casa te cuido- dijo muy tiernamente acariciando mi mano. Me gustaría decir que eso me tranquilizó, pero caso contrario me sentí peor. Sólo podía pensar en Anabella y la noche maravillosa que ella y Pía tuvieron juntas. Estaba a punto de estallar, pero…con qué cara? Si después de todo no tenía ningún derecho a protestar al respecto. No Pía, está bien, mejor cuéntame lo que me ibas a decir. Te iba a decir algo? Sobre qué? Sobre Anabella- dije arrastrando su nombre al pronunciarlo. Ah! Si…eso- miro hacia los lados, luego hacia el suelo. Es que ella y yo. Pues… tenemos algo Val, estoy muy contenta- dijo, pero con una mueca extraña, casi como si le avergonzara. Algo? Qué es algo? Una relación romántica? Si… Y anoche también estabas con ella supongo! Dije alzando mucho la voz, de verdad sentía que tenía un bomba dentro.-Pero eres tan irresponsable que ni siquiera me avisas que te vas a quedar fuera la noche entera, y yo preocupada! Y te la estabas pasando tan bien que..! Val, no me hables así, - me interrumpió-no me trates mal! Por qué estás gritando? Y me di cuenta que está sobre reaccionando y estaba armando una escena! Pía me miraba con los ojos muy abiertos y también uno que otro cliente de la heladería. Lo siento Pía! Lo siento, de verdad, perdón es sólo que te llegó un mensaje y lo leí y o, perdón, pero yo… No sabía que más decir, ella se sorprendió mucho, hasta puedo asegurar que sintió miedo, y vio su móvil en seguida, leyó el mensaje y me miro mordiéndose la comisura inferior de los labios. Bueno Val, no sé qué decir al respecto. No me ha molestado que lo leyeras de todos modos. Pero no sé qué es lo que a ti te molesta. Te molesta que pase mucho tiempo con ella? La verdad es que sí Pía, pero no vayas a pensar otra cosa. Lo que pasa es que eres mi mejor amiga y bueno, me siento como desplazada!- dije de manera muy grave- ella se entristeció, me amargaba verla triste, sobre todo si era por mi culpa, así que para suavizar un poco las cosas le dije- recuerdas que te dije que si querías más a tu chica que a mi te armaría un escándalo…! Jajaja! Val estás loca, no puedo querer a nadie como te quiero a ti!- dijo ahora muy sonriente. Eso me tranquiliza mucho, pero también tienes que demostrármelo, eh?- le dije acariciando su cara.[Chapter 3] Roitjet: Jajaja sí en luego Valentina se pone más Valentona y hasta Calentina debo decir xD. Gracias por pasarte a leerlo y dejar un comentario :D Y claro, felices fiestas para ti también. Karen: Sí es la única forma, y ciertamente se dará cuenta! Gracias por pasarte a comentar. GinebraRemyHadley: Gracias por tu comentario, a mí también me alegra y espero que muchos más se nos sumen, porque esto de leer y escribir a veces hasta está mejor que la serie…a veces los fans son mejores guionistas :P. Sólo deberían ponernos más atención a todos los fans. Con eso lograrían mucho. Con respecto a este capítulo les sugiero escuchar las canciones que se mencionan ahí. De verdad sólo búsquenlas por Youtube, así entenderán mejor la emoción de algunas partes :P. eso Felices fiestas a todas! No sabía que pensar de Val. Este último tiempo se ha estado comportando de manera muy extraña. Yo a veces llego un poco tarde y pongo mi mejor cara, pero siempre que trato de hablar con ella me responde con evasivas y se va a su cuarto. A veces hasta pienso que puede estar celosa de mi cercanía con Anabella y me alegro un poco, pero el otro día en la heladería me dejo muy claro que efectivamente estaba celosa, pero porque éramos amigas y todo el rollo. No digo que este mal, pero aún no me acostumbro del todo. Por otro lado efectivamente me acerqué mucho a Anabella, resulto ser una chica sensacional. No teníamos mucho en común, pero logramos llevarnos de maravillas. Una de las noches que estaba con ella en su cuarto sólo pasó, ella me besó y yo la besé de vuelta y cuando me di cuenta ya estaba reposando la cabeza en su almohada al lado de su cuerpo desnudo junto al mío. Sería fácil decir que me arrepentí, pero la verdad es que hace tanto tiempo que alguien no me hacía sentir querida, querida y deseada al mismo tiempo…con Valen siempre fue dar sin recibir nada a cambio y creo que por momentos eso estaba bien. Pero luego pensaba que después de todo soy un humano corriente, muy presa de sus pasiones, y eso estaba bien. Anabella estaba bien… Val insistió en que la llevará al departamento para conocerla. Yo accedí, pero no me sentía muy cómoda al respecto. Aquel día Anabella tocó a la puerta y Valentina fue a abrir, yo me quedé observando desde la mesita. Se saludaron de sendos besos en las mejillas y Anabella le entrego una botella de vino que había traído a la cena. Vi la cara de Val y me causo mucha gracia. Levantó una ceja e hizo una mueca de \"nosotras no somos tan finas\". Anabella llegó hasta donde estaba yo y me besó brevemente en los labios, me ruborice un poco; creo que Valen también se lo hizo. -Así que tú eres la famosísima Valentina! Pía siempre habla sobre ti! Tenía muchas ganas de conocerte! Diríase que eres mi cuñada?- Anabella trataba de bromear, pero la verdad es que su chiste no nos cayó bien a ninguna de las dos. -Pía no es mi hermana. Así que no veo por qué deba ser yo tu cuñada- dijo Valen secamente. Anabella notó una mala vibra en la respuesta de Valen y se quedó callada, totalmente intimidada. -Bueno! … Y si cenamos?- dije con la mejor sonrisa que pude inventar para destensar un poco el ambiente. La cena estuvo llena de tensión aunque trataba de amenizar las cosas. Pero lo increíble fue que después de comer y pasar un rato las tres juntas Anabella y Valentina parecían estar llevándose muy bien. Valen nos mostró una nueva canción que estaba componiendo. Era bellísima. Le puso \"puntos suspensivos\", y Anabella no hacía más que halagar el talento de Valentina. Después de un largo rato cantando y hablando de la vida Anabella anunció que debía irse. Nos contó brevemente que su padre estaba pensando quedarse en el país y que por eso tenía que madrugar para ir a cotizar algunas casas. Su noticia al contrario de alegrarme me puso un poco nerviosa. Anabella estaba bien, pero me tranquilizaba el hecho de pensar que sería algo así como un amor fugaz. Si se quedaba tal vez se prestara para algo más serio, pero no podía olvidar que para mí, ella era mi plan B, pero al parecer yo para ella era mucho más que eso y la situación esta me asustaba un poco. Sin embargo el tiempo pasó, casi 6 meses, y mi cariño por ella crecía cada día un poquito más. A veces hasta ni recordaba que amaba a Valen. No es que no lo sintiera, es sólo que lo olvidaba. Y no era por mi culpa, creo yo. Porque Valen andaba cada día más odiosa, apenas y me hablaba, por todo me respondía mal, pareciera que todo lo que yo le decía le molestaba. Esto me hacía sentir fatal. Ya no recordaba cuando había sido la última vez que me acarició una mejilla, o que me celebró alguna idea. Sé que sólo habían pasado algunos meses pero sentir a Valen así me hacía pasar el tiempo más lento. Y de pronto sin saber cómo Anabella Davis pasó a ser parte importante de mi vida. Creo que fueron sus detalles, las miradas tiernas que siempre tenía para mí, la confianza que me depositaba y que también tenía en sí misma. Su Valentía cuando me presento a su padre como su novia. La pasión que sentía por mí que yo también sentía correr por mi cuerpo. Ella me gustaba, me hacía sentir bien…me hacía sentir segura, y esa seguridad que sentía con ella me hacía permanecer allí. Pasaron algunas semanas, y se acercaba el cumpleaños de Valen. Le quería hacer una fiesta genial! Quería reconciliarme con ella simbólicamente, aunque no sabía exactamente por qué estábamos peleadas…pero eso parecía. A veces me daban ganas de seguir pensando que estaba celosa, pero trataba de alejar esos pensamientos de mi mente, ya que, aunque había posibilidades de que así fuera, si no era así sería otra decepción más y prefería no ilusionarme. Pedí ese día libre para preparar todo en el departamento e invité a las chicas! No invité a Anabella porque me pareció que hubiera sido desubicado. Puse unos cuantos globos, y compré muchas cosillas para comer, y alguna que otra también para beber ! Las chicas estaban citadas a las 7:30 para que tuviéramos todo listo a las 8 a la hora que Valen llegara. A eso de las 7:15 llegaron Nina y Greta, con unos paquetitos en la mano, les indiqué que los dejaran al lado del otro paquete un poco más grande, el mío, que estaba sobre la mesita de té. No tardaron en llegar Adela y Marisa \"nos encontramos en el ascensor\", explicó Adela, también dejaron sus regalos en la mesita de té. Hablamos un poco de la vida, los últimos sucesos. Nina dijo que quería aprender a tocar variados instrumentos, en especial el piano, y explorar otros estilos de música además del pop, con el propósito de volverse una artista más completa, para poder sentirse de verdad orgullosa cuando escuchara una canción de ella en la radio, Marisa por supuesto la estaba ayudando, como su más fiel apoyo emocional. Greta, por su parte nos contó que Emiliano se había enterado de que ella lo había visto con la chica y fue a casa de Maca a darle explicaciones. Greta le dijo que no necesitaba perdonarle nada, y que no le guardaba ningún rencor, pero que necesitaba crecer por ella misma, y no depender del amor de un hombre siempre, así que, según nos contó, cortó por lo sano. Y Adela… la vida de Adela era pura miel sobre hojuelas con Ignacio desde que salimos de Casa de Maca. Y luego ellas me preguntaron por mi vida y cuando estaba a punto de contarles sentimos el ruidito de las llaves en la puerta. -Es Valen- susurré lo más fuerte que pude. Todas tratamos de escondernos donde pudiésemos, pero sin mucho éxito. Adela y Greta se peleaban por el espacio que está detrás del sillón, Nina y Marisa se acomodaron debajo de la mesa, y así como estaban las cosas no me quedó otra que quedarme parada frente a la puerta. Valen entró y se quedo mirando mi cara de circunstancia y al los poco segundos todas salieron de sus escondites y gritaron \"sorpresa!\" -Pero…que hacen aquí niñas!- exclamó Valen con una sonrisa de oreja a oreja. - Aquí, tu mujer te organizó una fiesta y nos invitó- La respuesta de Adela nos dejó a mí y a Valen marcando ocupado \"tu mujer\"… que lindo sonaba! Pero por la cara de desconcierto de Valen vi que no le cayó nada bien la broma, aunque todas las otras morían de la risa, y yo de vergüenza. - Bueno, pero vamos a celebrar que para eso vinimos!- gritó eufórica Greta. -Pero esperen tenemos que cantarle el cumpleaños feliz primero!-Pidió Marisa. -What! No, yo no puedo gastar mis preciosas cuerdas vocales en cosas como estas- Todas le dimos un empujón a Nina por su comentario. -No te preocupes Lady Caca, que esto no saldrá en tu próximo DVD, eso si llegas a tener uno- Todas reímos, hasta la misma Nina. -Hey! No que me iban a cantar el cumpleaños?- reclamó Valen. Entonces todas le cantamos con la mejor voz que pudimos! Las seis nos abrazamos eufóricamente y reímos un rato. Estuvimos bailando y bebiendo unas horas; la estábamos pasando de maravillas! Y para esa hora ya teníamos unas copas en la sangre. En eso Marisa sugirió que abriésemos los regalos a lo que todas parecieron responder con mucho entusiasmo. -Oye Valentina, abre el mío primero- se adelantó Nina entregándole un paquetito pequeño y cuadrado. Valentina lo abrió y era un disco de Nina. Todas miramos boquiabierta con cara de \"no pues ser tan ególatra!\" pero Nina explicó que era un disco especial en donde había grabado una canción para todas nosotras, lo que nos saco un sincero \"awwww\" a todas…aunque aún no me aprendo la canción esa. -Toma Valentina, me costó mucho encontrarte algo apropiado- dijo Greta a modo de disculpa por si a Valentina no le gustaba el regalo que yacía en la bolsita. Valen metió la mano y la saco con una hermosísima camisa verde con cuadritos al muy estilo de ella, -Wow! Gracias, está hermosa!- exclamó Valen. Le gustó tanto que se la puso inmediatamente sobre la camiseta blanca que llevaba, vi la cara de Greta satisfecha. -Toma Valen, este es mío, ábrelo, ábrelo!- suplicaba Marisa en medio de saltitos, que nos hicieron reír a todas. Valentina desgarro el papel y lució unos finos suspensores blancos de cuero. -Wow! Voy a estar con todo el estilo de hoy en adelante al parecer! -Bueno ya! Que me toca a mi ahora!- Adela depositó sobre las manos de Valentina una bolsita de regalo mediana- Me costó mucho hacerle los retoques así que espero que te guste. Valentina sacó lo que había dentro y el regalo se llevo una carcajada de parte de todas y una gran sonrisa de parte de Valen. Era una muñeca de porcelana peinada y vestida exactamente como Valen! -Ahora sí que te luciste Adela! Esta bellísima, bueno, si se parece a mí cómo no va a estarlo! - Bueno y Pía no tiene regalo?- Preguntó Nina. Valentina me miró con cara de interrogante. -Sí, claro que tengo!- Inmediatamente fui a buscar mi paquete, era un poco grande. Valentina lo abrió emocionada y cuando retiro el papel gritó- Una máquina de Karaokes! Es perfecta! Gracias Pía- dijo besándome la mano, lo cual me hizo dar un silencioso suspiro hace mucho que Valen no me hacía ningún cariñito. -Probémosla! – sugirió Marisa, idea que todas le celebramos.- y tiene canciones de Nina? - Habrá que probarla, pero no creo Mari- dije riendo. Instalamos la maquina al equipo que tenía una pantalla, por lo cual no necesitábamos televisor. -Bueno, yo quiero empezar!- dijo Greta- pónganme una canción! - Bueno…- decía Adela buscando- para Lolita que mejor canción que… - apretaba una y otra vez los botones del control remoto, parece que ya tenía una canción en mente- esta! Todas estallamos en carcajadas cuando escuchamos\" Careless whisper\" de George Michael! Sí, es verdad, le quedaba muy bien esa canción a Lola. Greta al contrario de enojarse rió con la ocurrencia de Adela e incluso hizo algunos pasitos sensuales de baile, lo que nos dio aún más risa, y orgullosa cantó la canción bastante bien para no cantar muy a menudo. Nina no quiso cantar y si no había canciones de Nina, Marisa dejó pasar su turno para pensar en que quería cantar. Fue el turno de Adela y Valentina le dijo- Está Adela, te queda como anillo al dedo!- y empezó a sonar \"el amor de mi vida\" de Camilo Sesto. Todas reímos porque el contenido cargado de miel de esa canción. -Para que se la cantes a Nachito!- Gritó Greta. -Sí, muy celosas porque yo sí tengo a mi amor bonito, y que más da?, Nachito! Esta va por ti! -Apúrate Pía Grábala con el celular! – me dijo Valen al oído, yo obedecí con mucho agrado. Tal vez después pudiésemos chantajear un poco a Adela con el video para reírnos otro rato. Adela comenzó a cantar. Para esa hora, repito, que todas estábamos un poco pasaditas de copas, excepto Marisa que no bebe. Por supuesto no estábamos ebrias, pero estábamos en fase de caras rojas, cuerpo caliente y muchas ganas de seguir haciendo tonterías. El amor de mi vida has sido tú, mi mundo era ciego hasta encontrar tu luz (8) Cantaba Adela mientras Greta gritaba en el teléfono- escucha Ignacio, escucha lo que Adela está cantando para ti! – Adela salto hacia donde estaba Greta para quitarle el teléfono, y ambas cayeron, fue gracioso, pero lo más gracioso fue que Greta no estaba llamando a nadie, sólo quería asustar a Adela. -Bueno, esa canción ya se chingó! Que cante Pía ahora!- Propuso Marisa que para esa altura de la noche se había vuelto la chica propuesta. -Ay! No, qué vergüenza, si yo no canto! – pero todas me empezaron a animar a que cantara, gritando \"Canta Pía Canta! Canta Pía Canta!\" y lo que me termino de convencer fue Valentina diciéndome- Vamos canta, hazlo por mí- e hizo un pucherito que me derritió. No tuve más opción. -Ya está bien, pongan una canción! -Cual quieres?- preguntó Adela. -La que sea, si me la sé la sigo, sino la cambias- y puso una canción que hizo que mi corazón diera un vuelco. Una canción con la que había pensado en Valen alguna veces al escucharla. Al oír la suave guitarra con la que empezaba la canción, no pude evitar sentir que se la dirigía a Valentina. Así empezó \"mi historia entre tus dedos\" de Gianluca Grignani. Empecé mirando directamente a la susodicha Yo pienso que no son tan inútiles las noche que te di, te marchas y qué? Yo no intento discutírtelo, lo sabes y lo sé – y con un poco más de fuerza seguí- Al menos quédate sólo esta noche, prometo no tocarte, estás segura, hay veces que me voy sintiendo sola, porque conozco esa sonrisa, tan definitiva. – Para ese entonces todas ya estaban muy calladas absortas en la canción, sobre todo Valentina que me miraba de reojo con la boca un poco abierta- Tu sonrisa que a mí misma, me abrió tu paraíso! Y para sorpresa de todas Valentina se paró de donde estaba sentada y tomó el otro micrófono para cantar la otra parte de la canción como si fuera un dueto. No lo era. Se dice que con cada hombre hay una como tú- Cantó mirándome directamente los labios mientras yo observaba sorprendida y todas estaban con cara de estar viendo el final de la telenovela del momento, no se perdían ni un movimiento.- Pero mi sitió, luego, lo ocuparas con alguna, igual que yo o mejor, lo dudo- Ciertamente se refería a Anabela, se que trataba de reclamarme, pero la siguiente parte me sentó de maravillas, esa parte era mía y me adelante cantando- Por qué esta vez agachas la mirada? – Valentina justamente por inercia creo, agachó la cara- Me pides que sigamos siendo amigas. Amigas para qué? Maldita sea! A una amiga la perdono, pero a ti te amo, pueden parecer banales, mis instintos naturales.- Esta vez fui interrumpida nuevamente por Valentina que al parecer quería cantar la siguiente parte, que era el estribillo- Hay una cosa que yo no te he dicho aún, que mis problemas sabes que se llaman tú, sólo por eso tú me ves hacerme la dura, para sentirme un poquito más segura- eso hasta parecía una confesión.Y luego seguí yo- Y si no quieres ni decir en que he fallado, recuerda que también a ti te he perdonado- y al cantar la siguiente parte creo que una lágrima se me situó en uno de mis ojos- Y en cambio tú dices \"lo siento, no te quiero\" y te me vas con esta historia entre tus dedos… En la siguiente estrofa Valen me puso un dedo sobre la boca indicándome que quería cantarla ella y no dije nada, sólo la escuché. Prosiguió .Qué vas a hacer? Busca una excusa y luego márchate, porque de mi no debieras preocuparte, no debes provocarme, que yo te escribiré un par de canciones, tratando de ocultar mis emociones, pensando, pero poco en las palabras. Te hablaré de la sonrisa tan definitiva, tu sonrisa que a mí misma me abrió tu paraíso! Y luego las dos volvimos a cantar el estribillo con el alma en la voz. Hasta los \"na na na na\" que salen en el final de la canción. Todas estaban desconcertadas, incluso nosotras mismas, había un silencio incomodo que Marisa rompió con unos aplausos que luego todas imitaron con euforia. -Hey! Les salió increíble! –dijo la misma Nina, deberían practicar más canciones a dueto. Todas siguieron celebrando nuestra canción pero Adela parecía seria. Cuando fueron a la cocina ella Valen creo que las vi hablando de algo serio. Aunque sólo estoy suponiendo. Fui a la cocina para ver si podía captar el chisme. Pero cuando llegué Adela me miró y salió inmediatamente. Y al mirar a Valentina y preguntarle que le había dicho Adela ella solamente me abrazó y me dijo al oído – Nada, sólo que cantas hermoso- me dio un beso en la mejilla y salió de la cocina. Yo me quedé petrificada de emoción. Ya no estaba peleada con Valen! Eso era seguro. Me senté en el sofá cerca de Valentina y ella me tomó la mano y me acarició el dorso con el pulgar mientras escuchábamos a Marisa cantar Happy together. Creo que esa canción estaba muy afín con mi estado de ánimo. Apenas Marisa terminó se escuchó que alguien tocaba la puerta. Me levanté a abrirla y grande fue mi sorpresa al ver que se trataba de Anabella. La salude con un beso en la mejilla, ya que estaban todas la chica ahí mirándome y aún no les contaba sobre ella. -Uy! Que saludo más seco mi amor- dijo agarrándome la cara y dándome un beso sorpresivo en los labios, al parecer no se dio cuenta de la presencia de las chicas porque apenas se separo de mi dijo- oh! Perdón, pensé que estábamos solas…!- Valentina la miraba con un odio asesino y todas las demás con cara de pregunta excepto Adela que rápidamente se paró y grito- Bella (Bela)! Que haces aquí! -Ade! Que sorpresa ¡- y ambas se abrazaron dejándonos a todas boquiabiertas- -Ustedes se conocen? – Preguntó Valentina. - Claro que sí,- exclamo Adela- éramos amigas de la infancia! Y mira que coincidencia que seas novia de Pía! -Sí, creo que el destino quiso que fuese así y puso a Pía en mi camino! – me sonrojé y miré al suelo. -Pero que está pasando aquí?- se puso de pie Nina, no nos contaste nada de esto Pía! - Lo sé, se los iba a decir pero no me dio tiempo. Pero sí…Anabella es mi novia hace como seis meses.- dije para inmediatamente morderme la comisura inferior. -Oye pero y Va…-alcanzó a decir Marisa antes de ser callada por un golpecito muy evidente que le dio Greta. -Y qué están haciendo? – pregunto Anabella, pregunta que fue respondida por Marisa indicándole que cantábamos karaokes.- Hay, que entretenido! Puedo cantar uno? - Claro! Pasa!- dijo Valen exageradamente expresiva- que canción quieres- Anabella como extranjera que era no captaba bien los tonos de voz del sarcasmo o la exageración. Aún le costaba un poco el español.- Indicó la canción que quería. Everything I do I do it for you ( todo lo que hago lo hago por ti), de Bryan Adams. Antes de empezar a cantar dijo. -Te dedico esta canción a ti, mi Pía. Y comenzó. Su interpretación me sacó más de una sonrisa, más de algún suspiro, aún con Valentina al lado y todas coreamos partes de la canción, excepto Valen que parecía absorta. Cuando terminó todas aplaudimos y Anabela se acercó para besarme. Valentina se paró inmediatamente y se puso a buscar una canción. Parecía haberla encontrado. -Bueno, ahora me toca a mí- dijo antes de empezar a cantar Mi propiedad privada. Me miro directamente a mí. Y hacía una interpretación para cada momento de la canción. Para que todos sepan a quien tú perteneces, con sangre de mis venas te marcaré la frente. Para que te respeten aún con la mirada y sepan que tú eres mi propiedad privada. Que no se atreva nadie a mirarte con ansias y que conserven todos respetable distancias- Cantaba ahora mirando a Anabella, y esto parecía una disputa amorosa por medio de canciones- Porque mi pobre alma se retuerce de celos y – me miró- no quiero que nadie respire de tu aliento, porque siendo tu dueña no me importa más nada, que verte sólo míA, mi propiedad privada, que verte sólo mía, mi propiedad privaaada! (8) Cómo antes, todas enmudecidas y Valentina se fue a su cuarto. Yo estaba más muda que nadie…que había sido eso? Una escena de celos, una declaración o una simple canción…? Qué es lo que se estaba guardando Valentina?. Fue Greta quien rompió el silencio. -Hey!, ya se ha hecho muy tarde… deberíamos irnos. A lo que todas respondieron que si de inmediato. Anabella al parecer no entendía nada de lo que pasaba, me dio un beso en los labios al despedirse y me indicó que quería verme mañana para algo especial que me tenía preparado. La amé en ese momento. Las acompañé a la puerta y cuando caminaba sentí un leve mareíto, tal vez producto del alcohol, Adela fue la última en salir y antes de irse me dijo – Es obvio que ustedes dos aún tienen cosas que arreglar, sólo te pido que no lastimes a Anabella, no se lo merece. -Lo sé, no te preocupes- dije con una leve sonrisa- nunca la lastimaría, es lo que menos deseo. La quiero mucho. - Pero la que amas está en esa habitación. Decide que vas a hacer antes de que alguien salga mal. -Diciendo eso me abrazó y se fue con las otras. Al cerrar la puerta inmediatamente me dirigí al cuarto de Valentina. Necesitaba explicaciones![Chapter 4] GinebraRemyHadley: Gracias por seguir la historia y pasarte a comentar. :D lamentablemente en un triángulo siempre hay alguien que sale perdiendo, y para mala suerte de Anabella, Pía y Valen son nuestras chicas. Riotjet: Gracias de nuevo por tus comentarios, y gracias por seguir actualizando tu fic, de verdad soy tu fan :P . y aquí te presento a Calientina =D Jossy: Por tu comentario advertí de inmediato que eres una compatriota! :P Gracias por el review, uno de los más intensos que he tenido jeje, la dura! Yasliz: La verdad es que Bella es un poco torpe por una cuestión de culturas, así que tardará en darse cuenta. Gracias por leerlo y comentar =) Kdl94: Hay que sacrificar una cosa para tener otra, es la felicidad de Anabella o la de las chicas :/ Gracias por darte la molestia de leer y comentar :) Silvia1381: soy un poco Valentina yo en ese sentido, y es que mi música y yo somos inseparables, así que la máquina de karaokes tendrá su protagonismos en otros capítulos también: P, Gracias por tu comentario. Paxhunter13: Gracias :) Trataré que sigas obsesionada compatriota! Bueno…con este capítulo me arriesgo un poco, pero de todas maneras lo escribí y bien detallado porque…bueno, porque la vida necesita pasión! Y es una de las cuantas escena que me llavan rondando la mente hace unos días. Ojalá que les guste. No quería ver a Pía con alguien que no fuese yo. Era irónico, pero tuve que verla perdida para darme cuenta que la quería mía, para darme cuenta que la amaba, que la deseaba, que sentía una devoción inexplicablemente enorme hacia ella. Cuando la veía con Anabella parecían tener su propio mundo en donde yo no tenía cabida. Y luego veía la sonrisa en la cara de la novia de Pía, su felicidad y no podía evitar sentir que reía una risa que pudo haber sido mía. Y lo peor de todo el asunto es que no podía odiar a la maldita. Era igual de agradable que siempre, en otras circunstancias nos hubiésemos hecho grandes amigas, pero no si la veía con la que amaba. Hoy había sido un día hermoso. Las chicas, la máquina de karaokes, pero sobre todo aquella canción…Mi historia entre tus dedos. Cuando Pía comenzó a cantarla sentí su mirada ardiente sobre mis ojos, sentí su reclamo, su ataque, pero más que nada, sentí todo su amor hacia mí. Yo también tenía cosas que reclamarle. De una forma u otra sabía que su amada era yo. Pero no podía ignorar su historia con Anabella. Sin embargo cuando cantó aquel \"en cambio tú dices \"lo siento, no te quiero\" y te me vas con esta historia entre tus dedos\"…creo que fue ahí, ahí donde lo supe. Yo no quería irme con su historia entre mis dedos, con nuestra historia… Quería quedarme ahí y construirla con ella. Vivir nuestra historia sin miedos, sin temores, arriesgándose, aún a fracasar. Tirarnos al vacío aún consientes de que nadie estaría allí esperando para atraparnos. Quería amar a Pía y que ella me amara a mí. Al terminar de cantar la sentí de nuevo tan cercana, tan amada, tan…mía. Pero cuando llegó Anabella por esa puerta y las vi besarse supe que me había equivocado. Aquella pertenencia era sólo un holograma. Y la furia salía por mis poros. Aunque era una mezcla extraña, era enojo, pero no contra Anabella, ni contra Pía, sino contra mí misma, por empezar a actuar ahora que era demasiado tarde, era decepción, era frustración e impotencia. Qué podía hacer yo en a estas alturas? Debería rendirme y dejar a Pía vivir el amor al lado de Anabella.?Aquel amor que debería estar viviendo conmigo…? En aquella disyuntiva estaba antes de que Anabella cantara Everything I do I do it for you y vi a Pía tan sonriente en medio de suspiros. Era egoísta, lo sé, pero yo sentía que moría en ese momento y no podría soportarlo por toda mi vida, y tampoco podría soportar una vida sin Pía. Finalmente era mi felicidad o la de Anabella, y la decisión no fue difícil. Lucharía por lo que creía que era mío, MI amor. Las cartas ya estaban echadas al momento en que terminé de cantar Mi propiedad privada y me fui a mi habitación sin decir nada. Sabía que Pía me pediría una merecida explicación. Pero yo no tenía más explicación que mi amor y esa sería justamente la que le daría. Escuché como Pía se despedía de las chicas y escuché también su breve charla con Adela, aunque debo decir que lo que más me tranquilizó fue que Adela le dijo que a la que amaba era a mí, y Pía no lo negó. Lo sabía, ella me amaba. Acto seguido oí sus pasos, que se me acercaban cada vez más. Rápidamente comencé a armar mi discurso, pero las palabras simplemente no me llegaban a la cabeza. Pía entró a la habitación muy alborotada, enojada. Primero se paró en frente de mí sin decir nada, esperando que yo empezara a explicar mi comportamiento anterior. Yo sólo la veía en silencio, Dios era tan hermosa! , Su cara de niña, su ternura, y por otro lado, su magnífico cuerpo de mujer, sus formas, su sensualidad. Esa mezcla perfecta, de pasión y ternura… En vista de mi evidente mutismo Pía comenzó a hablar. -Valentina, se puede saber qué diablos te pasa. Todas se han ido desconcertadas y yo estoy muy confundida, que has querido demostrar con aquel berrinche? Berrinche? Eso es lo que era para ella? El comienzo de la batalla que había empezado en disputa de su amor era un berrinche? No sabía que responder. Las palabras simplemente no me salían, sólo sentía que mi corazón latía cada vez más rápido y tenía una sensación extraña recorriéndome el cuerpo. La deseaba, tanto que no me cabía en la voluntad y sin esperar más me acerqué en un movimiento rápido y cerré los ojos antes de tocar sus labios con los míos. Pía no se movía, no respiraba, no hacía nada. Aún pegada a su boca abrí los ojos para poder constatar que ella nunca los había cerrado y me miraba cuan si estuviese viendo algo que no es de este mundo. Me desesperé. Abrí mi boca y besé la suya con vehemencia atrapando su comisura superior con mi labios y en ese momento sentí los de Pía moverse al ritmo de los míos. Sentí sus manos sosteniendo mi cara, lo me dio la confianza para tomarla de las caderas y acercarla más hacia mí; la acerqué tanto como podía, hasta que nuestros cuerpos no pudieron estar más juntos y luego subí mis manos hasta su cintura y sus brazos se aferraron a mi cuello. Nuestras bocas se examinaban, de manera angustiosa, entre respiraciones entrecortadas; luego sentí su lengua entrar en mi boca y ambas se reconocieron, como si siempre hubiesen sabido que estaban destinadas a estar juntas. Nuestros besos eran sonoros, húmedos, llenos de amor acumulado por tanto tiempo! Pero lo mejor de todo es que parecía que no tenían fin. Ninguna de las dos mostraba intenciones de separarse, respirábamos entrecortadamente entre beso y beso y parecía que cada uno era más dulce que el otro. A ciegas la empujaba buscando un lugar en donde apoyar nuestra exaltación, mis movimientos eran torpes y llenos de urgencia; la empujé hasta sentir un sonoro golpe y una leve queja de Pía, la había hecho chocar contra la pared ,al lado de mi cajonera, en donde estaba el interruptor de la luz; el golpe hizo que quedásemos a oscuras. Me separé rápidamente y le pregunté muy preocupada \"te lastimaste? Te has hecho daño?\" Pía solamente negó con la cabeza antes de atraparme del cuello para volver a besarme. Sentí sus manos en mis hombros, que deslizaban mi camisa hacia abajo. En sólo un momento el regalo de Greta voló por los aires y yo para no quedarme atrás arrastré su chaleco hacia arriba, Pía me ayudó subiendo los brazos y facilitando mi tarea de deshacerme de él. Ella no traía nada más que su brasier debajo y sentir la piel desnuda de su cintura me hizo temblar de inmediato. Sentí un calor muy agradable que venía de en medio de mis piernas y me subía por todo el cuerpo. Como el sistema sanguíneo recorre las venas de todo el cuerpo, así mismo hacía Pía que corriera mi deseo. Y sin esperar más me desprendí de la camiseta que traía puesta. Al sacar mi cabeza de la prenda vi a Pía mirándome. Sus ojos brillaban en la oscuridad, sus labios estaban entre abiertos; una de sus manos acarició me pecho suavemente, mientras ella miraba a mis labios. Otra vez la besé, pero luego bajé mis besos, llegando a su mentón y hasta su cuello; lo besé y lo mordí algunas veces mientras escuchaba algunos suspiros que soltaba Pía de vez en cuando. Mis manos no encontraban sitio en donde detenerse y las de Pía recorrían mi espalda de arriba abajo, de un lado al otro…ya no sé. De pronto sentí una de sus piernas subir hasta mi cintura e inmediatamente volví a su boca y tomé la otra pierna con mi mano para sostenerla en brazos mientras ella seguía aferrada a mi cuello, ahora con más fuerza que antes. Esta posición en la que estábamos era muy atrevida y sensual, sin embargo aunque yo hacía lujo de mi fuerza y Pía era como una pluma no tardé en apoyarla en la cajonera que teníamos al lado. Yo no era experta, de hecho nunca antes había besado y acariciado a alguien como lo estaba haciendo ahora; el caso es que con Pía la vida misma era más fácil. Su cuerpo y el mío se conocían y se complementaban en cada átomo, pero más que eso se necesitaban; nos necesitábamos con desesperación y urgencia. Así, ella sentada encima de la cajonera y yo de pie abrazada a su cuerpo continuamos besándonos a oscuras, en silencio. El único sonido que podíamos oír era el de nuestras bocas reconociéndose y nuestra respiración entrecortada. Ella me apretaba las caderas con sus piernas y yo tenía las manos en su espalda, casi por instinto le desabroché el brasier; acto seguido ella se separó, me miró de una forma muy sexy y se lo quitó, aún a oscuras pude observar esa perfección en cada parte de su cuerpo y en esta en especial que era nueva para mi panorama. \"te toca\", me dijo, yo desaparecí lo que cubría mi torso en cuestión de segundos; la miré y me quedé inmóvil. Ella sonrió y me extendió los brazos, nos esperé más. Al abrazarla sentí como se juntaban nuestros pechos y esa sensación era alucinante. Era un éxtasis que no sabía bien cómo explicar. Lentamente sentí que bajaba del lugar en el cual estaba sentada y me iba guiando a la cama. Caí torpemente y ella se quedó parada mirándome, dibujó una sonrisa y luego posó sus ojos sobre el botón de mis jeans que sin esperar desabroché. Ella me los quitó en un solo movimiento y yo me senté en la cama a hacer mi parte con los de ella. Al estar ahí sentada y ella de pie; tan cerca de sus senos no pude evitar besarlos, mientras mis manos se hundían en su espalda; la besaba con mucha ternura y delicadeza y por supuesto todo el amor que ella se merecía. Ella ya no daba suspiros, se habían transformado en sensuales gemidos, que acrecentaban mi excitación. Sus jeans desaparecieron y ambas en bragas nos besamos en la cama, ella sobre mí. Hace un momento sentía como la sensualidad de Pía quemaba mi piel, pero ahora mismo la volví a sentir dulce y tierna, temblando mientras nos besábamos, creo que yo también temblaba. No pienso que haya sido miedo, porque desde el momento en que me había respondido el beso todos los miedos se habían ido y sólo quedaba nuestro amor, eso era seguramente lo que nos hacía tiritar; nuestro amor era tan grande que quería salírsenos del cuerpo. Alguna vez escuché a alguien decir que era peligroso mezclar el sexo con el amor, porque la explosión era demasiado fuerte. Era como mezclar medicamentos y alcohol y ese éxtasis nos podía hacer morir para resucitar segundos después .Eso era precisamente lo que nos pasaba, por instantes sentía que perdía la razón y tocaba las nubes. Y si tenía que morir así, pues sería la muerte más hermosa que me hubiese podido tocar. Pía ahora me besaba el cuello y hacía breves recorridos hacia mi oreja, cuando la mordisqueaba yo daba sonoros suspiros y apretaba su espalda. Sentí sus manos acariciarme todo el cuerpo y esto era casi una experiencia religiosa. Cambié de posición con ella para inmediatamente bajar y entretenerme besando su ombligo, mientras deslizaba mis manos desde donde empieza su cintura hasta donde terminan sus caderas, agregando un poco de presión en cada caricia, ella enredaba sus manos en mi cabellera roja y daba jaloncitos para que volviese a besarla. Las bragas desaparecieron casi por arte de magia, porque no sé en exactamente cuándo nos las quitamos. Dirigí mi mano hacia abajo y tímidamente me detuve antes de llegar a su sexo. Pía notó mi titubeo, me tomó de la cara y me sonrió antes de besarme, eso era un total \"sí\" en mi mundo. Por supuesto, hasta entonces yo nunca había tocado a nadie de aquella manera, excepto, algunas veces, a mí misma; pero fue como si me tocase yo misma, porque la mano que la acariciaba a ella parecía acariciarme a mí, sentí que me ponía húmeda, y que mis caderas se zarandeaban como las de Pía. Enseguida abandoné mis roces suaves y empecé a friccionarla con bastante energía. Los gemidos de Pía eran la sinfonía más dulce que alguna vez hubiese escuchado; sus manos empezaron a rozar distraídamente la piel de mis hombros. No parecía haber en todo el mundo más movimiento, más ritmo que el que ella y yo imprimíamos en esa habitación a oscuras con el mismo tono, que sonaba a nuestro amor. De repente los temblores cesaron y Pía cayó pesadamente a la cama exhausta. Nos quedamos bajó las sábanas abrazadas, yo apoyé mi cabeza en su pecho desnudo mientras escuchaba su corazón latir locamente, al igual que el mío que yo sentía que se me salía del pecho. Ya en la mañana habría tiempo de hablar de los temas pendientes. El pendiente más grande ya estaba solucionado, nos amábamos, ya lo habíamos manifestado y no había ninguna palabra que pudiese negarlo. Los sonidos del corazón de Pía me arrullaron hasta quedarme profundamente dormida en sus brazos.[Chapter 5] Jossy: No te preocupes, no lo abandonaré, gracias por comentar :D Ladylibra10: Gracias, espero que te siga gustando! Yaslis: sí, lástima que sea así. Pero siempre alguien sale perdiendo, Gracias por comentar! Kdl94: Gracias! Y de nuevo reitero el perdón por la espera, trataré de actualizar más seguido. Y bueno, hasta a mi me da pena Bella. RiotIs: Claro que veremos más de Calientina jeje! También soy muy fan tuya, pero que pasa con tus historias? Hace tiempo que no les veo actualización! Espero ansiosa! Paxhunter: sí lo sé….lo de la anestesia parece no tener mucho de lógica pero tiene su explicación. Te la daré. Resulta que yo escribo desde los 14 años y la palabra anestesia en los títulos es como mi cábala de buena suerte. Por eso la puse en esta historia…y bueno, en muchas más. Gracias por leer el fic :D GinebraRemyHadley: Claro que seguiré, me queda cuerda para rato! Amé también el one shot que nos regalaste y espero que pronto nos deleites con tu historia larga :D Silvia1381: jajaja! Gracias, lo sé, esa es la idea de tanta descripción. NaGuiBa: Que bueno que te haya gustado! Gracias por el review :D DenALuCab: Aquí está la continuación! Gracias por el review y soy de Chile por cierto :D Bueno….creo que no olvido a nadie… Aunque es corto tendrá continuación rápido, lo aseguro. Y una notilla curiosa de este cap. Es que la historia que cuenta Anabella al final es real, sólo que la metí al mundo literario porque me pareció interesante :P bueno, eso, disfrútenlo. Desperté con Valentina enredada a mi cuerpo y no pude evitar que una sonrisa se dibujara en mi cara. Cuantas veces soñé esto! Valentina enamorada de mí, descansando en mi pecho después de habernos entregado en cuerpo y alma al sentimiento que nos unía. Ciertamente anoche había sido una de las mejores de mi vida, si es que no es la mejor. Gracias a Valentina conocí lugares que jamás soñó mi alma recorrer. Estaba tan completa que ni siquiera sabía si seguía viva o si ya había muerto, porque ciertamente toqué el cielo, no una, ni dos, sino miles de veces de la mano de mi amada. Pero…ah! Por qué siempre tiene que haber un \"pero\"? Súbitamente recordé la azul mirada de Anabella posándose de manera tierna sobre mi cara, acariciando mi rostro, abrazándome con comprensión cuando le conté de mi pasado, llorando junto a mi por mis penas…recordé a la maravillosa Anabella que me ha acompañado hace seis meses, mientras Valentina estaba enojada conmigo. Y una culpa sin comparación a ninguna que haya sentido antes me inundó el alma. La noche anterior ni sabía quién era Anabella; desde que Valentina me besó no supe nada más del mundo, sólo que ella y yo nos estábamos amando. Pero en la mañana las cosas se ven más claras y ver a la que estaba a mi lado sólo me hacía sentir peor conmigo misma. Por qué Anabella no podía ser un poquito más canalla, para, por lo menos, sentir que se merecía que la engañase. Pero no lo era…ella era increíble. Y entonces recordé que hoy tenía que encontrarme con la anteriormente nombrada a las dos, no sabía qué hora era. Miré el reloj para darme cuenta que eran las 1:30! No quería que Valentina despertara aún…no quería enfrentarme a ella después de lo de anoche…aún no. Necesitaba procesarlo. Con mucho cuidado aparte el brazo que estaba atrapándome de la cintura y la pierna que se entrelazaba con la mía, me senté en la cama mientras tomaba mis ropas con premura…no encontré mi ropa interior… no me dediqué a buscarla porque eso significaba perder más tiempo. Me di una ducha rápida y cuando estaba bajo la regadera vi la silueta de Valentina tras la cortina. Se acercó y la abrió. Traía una bata cubriéndole en cuerpo. -Qué haces aquí? Me estoy dando una ducha.– La miré nerviosa mientras me cubría con una toalla y me bajaba de la tina. - Pensé que podíamos compartirla- dijo ella con una voz sensual mientras me abrazaba. - No…este…no puedo- musité separándome bruscamente. Ella me miró extrañada. - Por qué. Qué pasa? – puso sus manos en su cintura. - Tengo que ir a ver a Anabella y estoy muy tarde.-dije para finalmente salir del baño e irme a mi cuarto. Valentina me siguió exasperada hasta la habitación. Yo quedé de espaldas a ella con la toalla puesta. -Y vas a ir a ver a Anabella?- dijo casi como si no lo pudiese creer. - Claro. Quedamos de juntarnos hoy.- dije fingiendo naturalidad. - Y le vas a contar? - Contarle qué?- seguía en mi postura de \"no ha pasado nada\" - Cómo que qué Pía! De nosotras!- Me quedé callada, bajé mi mirada y apreté lo ojos.- que no tienes nada que decir?.. –Insistió Valentina. - Estoy muy tarde Valen. Por fa dejas que me vista?- Le dije con la voz quebrada mientras una lagrima me rodaba por la mejilla. Ella no me vio porque yo estaba de espaldas. Guardó silencio unos momentos y luego salió de la habitación. Me quedé con la confusión más grande de la vida en mi cabeza mientras me vestía. Al salir a la sala de estar no vi a Valentina, por lo que supuse que se había ido a su habitación. Las 1 en punto Anabella aún no estaba allí. Supuse bien, Valentina salió de su cuarto y me miró diciéndomelo todo, su mirada era suplicante, dio unos pasos hacia mí. Justo en ese momento escuché la bocina del auto de Anabella. Bajé de inmediato sin voltear dejando atrás a Valen. Aquello me dolió mucho. Llegué con Anabella disimulando mi pena. Entré al auto y ella me saludó con una gran sonrisa y un beso. -Estás lista?- me dijo ansiosa. - Claro, vamos por esa sorpresa!- exclamé regalándole una sincera sonrisa. Puso en marcha el vehículo y luego de un rato divisé a su padre en una esquina desconocida para mí. Nos detuvimos junto a él. Era un señor de unos 50 años. Muy bien conservado, con unas canas acechando su cabello negro y una barba al estilo candado. Me bajé y le saludé afectuosamente. -Pia! Niña! Cómo estás? - Bien señor, gracias- respondí sonriendo.- pero no entiendo…no es que no me agrade su presencia...pero por qué está aquí?- de verdad estaba confundida al respecto. Cuál era la sorpresa tan grade que me tenía Anabella que ameritaba la presencia de su padre? - Mira Pía- me explicó Bella- Hay gente con poder que hace cosas malas, de esos abundan y lamentablemente muchas veces triunfan. Pero – continuó cubriéndome los ojos con ambas manos y dirigiéndome hacia algo desconocido- Hay otra gente con poder que trata de hacer el bien y son muy afortunados de poder hacerlo. – Caminaba y escuchaba un sonido como de rejas, de verdad no sabía que esperar- Antes de conocerte no era ninguna de las dos ,amor. Sólo era una niña caprichosa más. Pero cuando una conoce a alguien tan valiosa como lo eres tú te dan ganas de agradecérselo al mundo haciendo el bien- se paró- y mi papá y yo estamos agradeciendo así… Me quitó las manos de los ojos y lo que vi casi me dio un infarto. Estábamos en una penitenciaría, junto a las rejas de los recién apresados y dentro de ella estaban Andy el maldito tatuado, junto con otros hombres más, algunos conocidos y otros no. Ellos no podían vernos, estábamos detrás de un vidrio polarizado. Miré a Anabella con los ojos muy abiertos. -Cuando Anabella me contó lo que te había pasado- comenzó a explicar su papá a la pregunta que estaba a punto de hacerle- sentí que un enorme enojo me quemaba por dentro. No entendí como puede haber gente tan maldita en este mundo. Y no esperé más. Le hablé a todos mis contactos y luego de mover algunas influencias poderosas logramos desbaratar a los malditos estos. - Lo mejor Pía es que gracias a ti no sólo estos animales están tras las rejas, sino que muchas chicas están libres de esos asquerosos. Muchas chicas que pasaban lo que tu pasaste- terminó Bella con lágrimas en los ojos. Yo ya lloraba hace rato. La abracé con fuerza. Me aferré a ella como si fuese lo único sólido en mi mundo. Estaba turbada, pero inmensamente feliz. Nunca pensé que esos malditos fuesen a pagar lo que me habían hecho. Y en este momento la venganza no era una palabra que sentara con mi estado de ánimo…era más bien justicia…sí, justicia; esa palabrita dulce que cosquilleaba dentro de mi. El papá de Anabella se fue al poco rato y ella me invito a comer a la casa que habían conseguido hace ya unos meses. No estaba lejos. En el trayecto no fui capaz de pronunciar palabra alguna. Estaba feliz, pero esto sólo acrecentaba mi culpa. Al llegar a su casa Anabella se disponía a poner la mesa. Antes de que lo hiciera la detuve de la mano suavemente e hice que nos sentáramos en el sofá de la entrada. -Bella…tú por qué me quieres tanto?- era sincera, aún no podía comprender como alguien tan buena se había cruzado en mi camino. - Sería ilógico no quererte dulce Pía. Además como te dije hace un rato, tú me has hecho ver al mundo de un color distinto… Yo antes estaba muy mal, pero ahora… -Tú – la interrumpí- Nunca me has hablado de tu pasado. Tienes alguno que quieras contarme? -Sí. Si tengo cierto pasado oscuro.- dijo mirando al suelo- no es nada comparado con el tuyo, pero sí me pegó fuerte. -Cuéntame- dije dulcemente mientras acariciaba su cara. -Bueno… yo hace 4 años descubrí el amor. El amor más grande que hubiese sentido hasta entonces… mi pasado tiene nombre y apellido: Danielle Hart, una chica que era mi compañera de colegio en mi primer año de secundaria. Era segura, decidida, valiente; todo lo que yo no era. En fin…me enamoré como una idiota. Se lo confesé y ella no me dijo que sí de inmediato…aunque tampoco me dijo que no. Tuvimos una relación a escondidas del mundo entero. Fueron las 7 meses más maravillosos de mi vida, aunque fuesen en silencio. Era una niña aún, así que lo escribí en mi diario. – Mientras hablaba pareciera que la voz se le iba quebrando; yo sólo la escuchaba mientras seguía acariciándole la cara- Un día… una chica de mi salón robó mi diario y el chisme se esparció por doquier. Hasta a oídos de la profesora llegó…y por supuesto a los de ella también. Me dijo que no podía con eso y que tenía una reputación que cuidar. Todos ya sabían…lo único que podía hacer era desmentirlo…así que con todo el dolor de mi corazón y en honor a mi amor un día me paré en frente del salón y les dije que todo era un invento de mis fantasías…que ella me gustaba y pero que era cosa mía...que ella no tenía nada que ver, ella estaba en la fila de atrás, jamás la miré mientras hacía mi falsa confesión- en ese momento le empezaron a caer las lágrimas- recuerdo que terminé diciéndoles a mi todas mis compañeras \" si esto fuese un asunto de buscar culpable no la miren a ella, aquí la única culpable soy yo\" y hasta recuerdo que una niña que estaba en la fila de adelante explotó en llanto por la emoción del momento- Anabella rió tristemente en medio de su relato- Al terminar e irme a sentar estaba con los ojos cerrados. Y escuche los aplausos de todas mis oyentes, incluso de la profesora que ya estaba al tanto del asunto. Después de eso me expulsaron del colegio por lesbiana. Ellos no dijeron que era por eso. Pero yo sé que sí…nunca más la volví a ver. Cuando Anabella termino su relato rompió en llanto, sé que aún le dolía. Yo comprendí su dolor perfectamente. Como duele cuando niegan el amor. Como duele encendérselo, duele y enferma los sentidos. Y ahora yo también tenía un amor que esconder… La abracé y me cayeron algunas lágrimas. Era la historia más valiente de amor que alguna vez hubiese escuchado. Anabella era valiente…una loca romántica. En ese momento debo confesar que me hubiese gustado amarla. Pero irremediablemente mi corazón ya tenía dueña. Tenía que terminar con ella, pero en estas circunstancias simplemente no me atrevía. Al terminar de comer con Anabella le dije que debía irme a casa. Ofreció llevarme pero le dije que necesitaba caminar, era verdad, necesitaba tomar aire y pensar, pensar mucho. Caminando por la calle pase por fuera de un Pub Karaoke famoso por el barrio llamado \"Taylor\". Era de noche y lo que presencié a través de la ventana me hizo temblar de emoción. Ahí estaba mi Valientina haciendo lo que nunca pensé que haría arriba del escenario. Empezó a hablar con su guitarra en la mano. -Bueno, en mi primer día trabajando acá- cuando había pasado esto? Valentina trabajaría cantando! Que buen trabajo para ella, simplemente perfecto- quiero cantar una canción que me gustaría dedicarle a la mujer que amo- Había escuchado bien? Valentina le estaba reconociendo nuestro amor al mundo. Algunos de los presentes la miraron extrañados, algunos con disgusto, otros emocionados, pero a la mayoría parecía no importarle. Ella empezó a cantar aquella canción tan hermosa de Miguel Bosé. Ahora que te buscó y tú no estás, recuerdo; que sólo la tristeza quiere hablar conmigo. Ahora que la lluvia se ha llevado el último jirón de tu vestido, ahora que he olvidado lo que soy, recuerdo en el pasado lo que sido- Yo sostenía una mano en mi boca sin poder creer aún lo que veía- Si he sido lo que fui fue por tu cuerpo, si he sido noche fue tu noche quien lo quiso, si he sido beso es que mis labios aprendieron a ser beso para ti.- inevitablemente con sus palabra mi mente rememoraba escenas de la noche anterior y llenaban de sensaciones mi cuerpo- Si he sido lo que fui fue en tu regazo, si he sido vida fue por darte a ti la vida… - aún a la distancia cante esta parte como si estuviese a su lado- amiga, amiga, que dulce esa palabra suena hoy… - claro que sonaba dulce, sonaba más dulce que nunca Y el tiempo no fue tiempo entre nosotras, estando juntas nos sentimos infinitas y el universo era pequeño comparado con lo que éramos tu y yo.- mi mente viajaba haciendo pequeños flashes de todas las aventuras que Valen y yo tuvimos juntas- Si fuiste lo que fuiste fue en mi casa, que para ti fue tu palacio y tu guarida, amiga, amiga, que dulce esa palabra, que sencilla esa palabra sueña hoy... Terminó de cantar y después de los aplausos se bajó del escenario. La esperé afuera. Unos minutos después salió y al verme en vez de sorprenderse sonrió de la manera más hermosa que antes le hubiese visto.[Chapter 6] Yasliz: me demoré un poquito, lo siento. Y no, Calientina no se enfría! Kld94: Gracias por todos tus comentarios y el ánimo. Espero que este capítulo te guste también. GinebraRemyHadley: ya te había agradecido por mensaje privado, pero lo reitero, muchas gracias por tus comentarios! Y repito que espero con ansias tu historia larga. Paxhunter13: me alegra mucho que te guste el fic, gracias por el review. DenAlCub: sí, pasó hace como 5 años, fui testigo =). Gracias por comentar! Integra: Gracias. Claro que continuaré, aún tengo muchos capítulos en la cabeza esperando ser escritos. RiotIs: Totalmente de acuerdo! Yo le agarre cariñito a Bella, pero Pía y Valen son las protagonistas! Valentona: Gracias por leer amiga XD, con el tiempo daré más y más capítulos para que no te quedes con las ganas. Bueno de nuevo, gracias a todas las que me comentan y también las que leen sin comentar, siento haberme demorado. Otro dato curioso es que Taylor si existe XD es un barecito que está por aquí cerca donde voy a cantar a veces. La última que canté ahí fue precisamente \"mi historia entre tus dedos\" hace algún tiempo atrás. Ahora haré un viajecito y volveré el lunes, así que creo que publicaré de nuevo el martes, Hasta entonces! Salí de \"Taylor\" apresuradamente y vi a Pía. Su sonrisa se dibujó al ver la mía, y pude admirar esas hermosas margaritas que se le forman cuando sonríe, amo su sonrisa. -Hola…- dije riendo mientras levantaba mi mano.- Me viste en el escenario? -No…digo, sí, llegué cuando terminaste de cantar, te vi y quise esperarte- titubeaba. Mentía, lo sé, la vi llegar cuando recién subí al escenario, la vi cantar conmigo desde afuera, la vi suspirar y sonreír enamorada. Fue una fortuna que hubiese llegado justo cuando empecé a cantar, nunca lo hubiese imaginado. Tal vez fue el destino… - ah…me hubiese gustado que hubieses escuchado la canción entera. -Bueno, la puedes cantar para mí en la casa, no?- dijo mientras ladeaba un poquito la cabeza. - Claro que sí, vamos!- exclamé mientras me ponía la guitarra en la espalda y emprendía el paso, Pía caminó a mi lado. - Y, cómo es eso de que ahora trabajas acá, cuando pasó?- preguntó muy sonriente. - No que habías llegado al final de la canción?- Pregunte yo burlona. La había sorprendido. Ella tapó su boca y se echó a reír. Yo le desordené el cabello juguetonamente. - Perdón! Soy pésima mintiendo! - Sí que lo eres!- reímos un rato más al respecto y luego le contesté a su pregunta- Bueno, pues no es una historia larga- bueno, la verdad es que sí lo era, pero decidí omitir ciertas partes-. Salí a caminar un rato, porque necesitaba pensar sobre…cosas de la vida- Hablaba sin mirarla. Y recordé claramente todo lo que pasó antes de conseguir mi nuevo empleo. Como quedé destrozada después de que se había ido con Anabella y me dejó ahí parada al lado de la puerta! Bebí un poco, no lo negaré, aunque no soy de las que piensan que el alcohol haga volar los problemas, pero precisamente en ese momento no pensaba mucho. Prendí el equipo de música, en una radio al azar, cualquier canción me hubiese llegado, en el estado anímico en el que me encontraba, cualquier melodía me hubiese tocado el corazón y ahí mismo estaba una que me lo toco y me lo retorció en lo más hondo. Escuché \"me quedó grande tu amor\" de Malu sentada al lado del equipo mientras entonaba las partes que me sabía de la letra. Mira tú, las cosas cambian quién lo va a creer?, a veces sí ,a veces no, a veces quién sabe qué? Y si la vida nos sorprende por cualquier error allí volvemos y caemos, maldita la tentación! Y mira tú que bien estás como sonríes… Hasta da gusto ver como es tu mundo cuando estás con ella- mi mente repetía escenas de amor con Pía Y Anabella como sus protagonistas y eso me entristecía aún más- pobre de mí que tonta fui, fui tan estúpida, que te dejé partir, que te hice daño- ahora recordaba cuando aquella vez le dije en casa de Maca que no la quería como ella quisiera que la quisiese, cuando la traté tan mal por lo del robo del dinero, las tantas veces que fui fría cuando ella me demostraba su calidez y su amor…- Tú tienes la razón yo te he dejado heridas, tú me dices adiós y te llevas mi vida- algo así era lo que había pasado hace unos instantes. A lo mejor yo parecía exagerada, pero estaba tan insegura, me sentí abandonada, mis emociones parecían una montaña rusa desde anoche. No me sabía muy bien la canción por eso no canté la estrofa anterior, pero el estribillo sí que me lo sabía, y lo canté casi gritando sentada en el suelo mientras sostenía mi vaso con vodka ( =D!) - Porque te vas y caigo en un abismo donde no hay salida, porque te vas y se me acaba el mundo y mi mundo eres tú, porque me queda en pedazos el cuerpo, el alma y la piel, no me acostumbro sin ti, yo no sé…- Supongo que ese estribillo fue demasiado para mi, al terminar de cantarlo apagué el equipo sin terminar de escuchar la canción y me quedé exhausta de tanto sentir. Luego salí a caminar y después de unas cuadras me sentí mejor, más tranquila, más despejada. - pasé por aquí – continué mi relato después de aquel recuerdo- y vi un letrero que decía \"se necesita cantante\" y yo pensé \"esto es para mí\", así que entré, me presenté y tras una breve audición me dieron el puesto de inmediato.- ella se rió y dio unos aplausos. - Bravo mi Valen! Tú siempre tan talentosa! Ahora vas a estar feliz cuando llegues del trabajo- era verdad, siempre llegaba malhumorada del supermercado en el cual trabajaba- y cuando presentarás la renuncia en el súper? - Yo creo que mañana mismo, en la mañana, aprovechando que es lunes. Y ahora trabajo de jueves a domingo! en la tardecita!- agregué cantando lo que hablaba juguetonamente. -Suertuda!- me dio un golpecito en la cabeza- Yo mañana tengo que madrugar como todo los lunes para llegar al hotel. Y por cierto, con que canción audicionaste que te dejaron de inmediato? - Con \"Mi historia entre tus dedos\"- Miré al suelo y sonreí nerviosa. Silenció. Ladeé la mirada hacia ella y la encontré mirando al suelo como hacía yo segundos atrás. El silencio se prolongó mientras caminábamos lo cual fue muy incómodo. - Y cómo te fue con Anabella?- pregunté no sólo para romper el silencio, sino también porque necesitaba saber. - Bien…muy bien- le sonrió al suelo- ella es de verdad increíble Valen- dijo mirándome finalmente. Yo sentí un revoltijo muy desagradable en el estómago, no obstante me armé de valor y le dije - Sí, lo sé. Pero no la amas- aseguré parándome en seco y mirándola a los ojos. - Te equivocas Valentina- dijo Pía enfrentando mi mirada- yo sí la amo.- supongo que debió haberme inquietado su respuesta, pero tenía una seguridad en el alma diciéndome que no abandonara mi guerra. - La amas, pero no estás enamorada de ella- le aclaré mientras acariciaba su rostro. Ella cerró los ojos y puso su mano encima de la que la acariciaba. – ves Pía? – Le dije al ver su reacción- tú estás enamorada de mi, como yo lo estoy de ti. Deja de negarlo! Abrió lentamente los ojos, se separó y se echó a caminar con tranquilidad. Le seguí en silencio, sabía que no era fácil para ella, para mí tampoco lo era, pero por lo menos yo no tenía la responsabilidad del bienestar de nadie. -Yo sé Valen- reconoció finalmente después de un rato casi llegando al departamento. Aquella confesión hizo que el alma me volviera al cuerpo- Pero necesito tiempo. Esto no es nada fácil. Si Anabella termina mal por esto me sentiré muy miserable y es bastante probable que termine mal…muy mal. - Pero y qué vas a hacer Pía. Lo que sentimos tu y yo es muy evidente, y que se entere es sólo una bomba de tiempo. Creo que es mejor que tú se lo digas, eso siempre duele menos que enterarse por otros medios. – Me miró confundida. - No sé Valen, no sé si decirle de nosotras. Duele más que te dejen por otra persona a que te dejen sólo por dejarte. Entramos al ascensor del edificio. Pía tenía razón…tal vez era mejor que terminara con Anabella sin darle una explicación clara. Pero sólo ella tenía que decidir como terminar esa relación, no podía meterme ahí. Al salir del ascensor vimos a mi mamá y a mi hermana paradas al lado de nuestra puerta cargando unos paquetes, Pía me dio un codazo riéndose, yo suspiré pesadamente. -Valentina hija! Cómo estás? –corrió mamá a abrazarme, yo le correspondí por cortesía. – te tardaste! -Hermanita! Que lindo verte!- me apretó también ella- A pía sólo le dirigieron un seco \"hola\", y ella respondió de la misma manera. - Pero qué hacen aquí?- pregunté con verdadera curiosidad. - Pues que te has olvidado? Es tu cumpleaños hermanita! -Las que se han olvidado son ustedes- interrumpió Pía- el cumpleaños de Valen fue ayer- aclaró para meterse al departamento. - Que niña más grosera! – replicó mi mamá, no dije nada al respecto, no quería gastar energías.- Mira Valentina, estamos aquí desde las 7 y ya son las 8:30! Te traje esta trota de crema de durazno que tanto te gusta!- maldición, por qué siempre compra la misma, odio esa torta. -Gracias, lo aprecio mucho- reí falsamente. -Y esto!- dijo mi hermana pasándome el paquete envuelto en papel de regalo. - Gracias, no se hubiesen molestado- de verdad!- - Y no nos invitas a pasar?- Oh no, que tortura! No tenía intenciones de hablar con ellas. Sobre todo ahora que tenía tanto que hablar con Pía. - emmm… no, es que ayer tuve fiesta y la casa está muy desordenada! Mejor ahora se van y otro día yo voy a verlas! Va? - Está bien- suspiró mamá insatisfecha- que pases buena noche. -Sí, para ustedes también, gracias! Me sentí un poco mal por ser tan fría con ellas después de que habían venido a dejarme estas cosas y a felicitarme por mi cumpleaños, por lo menos se habían acordado de mí. Tuve el impulso de decirles que pasaran, pero aquel se borro completamente cuando mi hermana preguntó… -Y cómo está Axl- con un tono muy pícaro. - No sé, deberías preguntarle a él- respondí finalmente antes de entrar al departamento Al cerrar la puerta no encontré el desastre que había dejado al irme, estaba todo reluciente. Cómo era posible que Pía limpiara tan rápido! -Acabas de limpiar el desorden?- dije mientras dejaba la trota y el paquete en la mesa y la guitarra al lado del sofá - ah, sí! – Dijo mientras lavaba un los platos…bueno, más bien eran vasos, de anoche.- Me puse a limpiar rápido porque pensé que ibas a hacer pasar a tu familia. - Mi familia eres tú Pía! – le dije riendo. - Bueno a tu mamá y a tu hermana! – exclamó muy sonriente mientras se me acercaba peligrosamente con las manos llenas de espuma. - Hey! Qué haces!- grite yo entre carcajadas cuando intento, con mucho éxito, pasarme las manos por la cara dejándome igual que a los vasos que lavaba ella segundos antes.- Ya! Para!- seguí riendo yo, ella se paró a mi lado y miro el paquetito. - Ábrelo! – negué con la cabeza- ay! Porque no? - Ya sé que es, te lo aseguro! Son calzones y medias. Siempre es así. -Tal vez ahora es algo distinto! - No, siempre es lo mismo!- le repetí yo suplicante. - Estoy segura que ahora es algo distinto. Además igual en algún momento tienes que abrirlo. - Estás segura? -Dije yo desafiante-a ver apostemos! - Va! Si yo gano te comes esta torta entera! - Y si yo gano? -Pues tú tienes que decidir.- dijo Pía encogiéndose de hombros. - Bueno… si yo gano…te puedo comer a ti entera? – agregué con un tono seductor. Ella me miró y yo creí que se sonrojaría o se quedaría en silencio, pero para mi sorpresa y sin asomos de vergüenza o inseguridad me respondió. - Como quieras, de todas maneras salgo ganado… - la miré sonriendo satisfactoriamente. Abrí el paquete rápidamente, estaba segura de que eran calzones y medias, pero para mi sorpresa era un suéter blanco y miré a Pía con cara de derrota. Ella sonreía victoriosa. -Ni modo Valen- dijo pasando un dedo por la trota y acercándomelo- tendrás que comértela todita!- la miré unos segundos, y luego comí de su mano con gusto. - Pues si es así me como tres de estas en este mismo instante.- la miré mordiéndome la comisura inferior. - No, mejor cómetela despacito- agregó para dirigirse al lado del equipo y encenderlo- Un poquito de música estaría bien mientras nos tomamos un café, no?- asentí con la cabeza. Había quedado un poco atontada por lo que acababa de pasar. Y ahora Pía cambiaba totalmente el tema! - Malvada! Me estás haciendo sufrir- le dije juguetonamente. Ella sonrío tentadora y sintonizó la radio. Justo se escuchaba una canción de Camilo Sesto. … Sueños que son amor, son sueños que son dolor y yo necesito sabeeeer si quieres ser mi amante… Al instante Pía me miró sorprendida y luego posó sus ojos en una de nuestras rojas paredes. Ella estaba del mismo color. Yo sin titubear me acerqué a ella, le tomé de las manos y le dije -Sí…si quiero.[Chapter 7] Paxhunter13: Gracias por leer y comentar :D espero que también te guste este capítulo. Silvia1381: me perdí harto. Pero tenía mis motivos, ahora trataré de actualizas con más frecuencia. Gracias por comentar! Yasliz: Claro que no pierde el tiempo, ya perdió mucho antes, es momento de recuperarlo, no? Fingernails: Gracias por leer y pasarte a comentar =) GinebraRemyHadley: Como siempre gracias por todos tus comentarios y tu apoto! De verdad los aprecio! Y aún estoy esperando tu historia! Kdl94: Gracias por tus comentarios y gracias también por tu fic que está buenísimo! Ciegazul: Muchísimas gracias por tu review, de verdad me agradó mucho. Es muy satisfactorio que aprecien el trabajo de una así :D Valentona: Parece que si va a haber, aunque no se sabe si saldrán Pía y Valen…de todas maneras todos nuestros fics sólo son utopías! Hermosas por cierto! Gracias por tus reviews! RiotIs: Gracias por comentar y sobre todo por actualizar tu fic \"love is not a competition\" de verdad me encanta! Bueno, eso! Perdón por perderme tanto tiempo, pero me estaba conectando con mi YO interiro y la naturaleza y blah blah XD , este capítulo es más que nada un preámbulo de algo grande que se viene, pero de todas maneras espero que les guste. Aquel momento sin duda era dulce, mi Valentina aceptando mi amor aunque fuese a escondidas, porque a medias no lo era. Mi amor era todo de ella, así como también lo eran mi alma y mi cuerpo; quería demostrárselo, quería demostrarle lo importante que era para mí que ella entendiera la situación dificultosa en la cual me encontraba. Ella me tomaba de las manos, yo lentamente las subí por sus brazos hasta tocar sus hombros; me miró con una media sonrisa, parecía triste, pero resignada. Me acerqué lentamente a sus labios y antes de tocarlos con los míos respiré unos momentos cerca de ellos, traté de mirarla a los ojos, pero los de ella ya estaban cerrados esperando aquel beso. Comenzó lento, despacio, suave. La sentí frágil, y en ese momento la amé más que nunca. Aquel beso comenzó a subir su intensidad, casi ni respirábamos. Valentina empezó a abrir los botones de mi blusa con prisa, yo sentía que me ganaba el deseo, quería estar con ella de nuevo. Pronto la sentí besarme el cuello, yo tocaba su espalda de manera urgente. Nos condujimos a ciegas al sillón mientras nos besábamos, me eché sobre él y Valentina se puso encima para seguir en lo que estábamos. Sentía que empezaba a perder la razón y aquel cosquilleo agradable empezó a subirme por las piernas. Pero de pronto cerraba mis ojos y recordaba a Anabella, y la culpa me carcomía y ya no podía concentrarme en amar a Valentina otra vez; no podía amarla ahora, no de esta manera, mi amor por Valentina era demasiado puro como para que fuese así, a escondidas… No…yo no quería tener a Valentina de esta forma, la quería como mi novia, como mi amiga, como mi familia, como mi amante, como mi todo. Quería darle el mundo entero, no sólo estos momentos…Y para hacer todo eso posible la única manera era ponerle fin a mi relación con Anabella, a la cual amaba también, pero de una forma distinta. No podría decir que como amiga, mucho menos como hermana, simplemente no sabía cómo la amaba, sólo que no era como amaba a Valentina. -Valen, no…no, paremos Valen- le dije mientras le daba un empujoncito, ella se levantó y me miró con curiosidad. -Qué pasa Pía? -No puedo hacer esto, no es la manera correcta- le dije dando un largo suspiro. Ella puso una cara de fastidió y se quitó de encima de mí para sentarme pesadamente a mi lado. - Y entonces qué?- me preguntó serenamente mientras me tomaba una mano y empezaba a juguetear con ella. - Dame tiempo para hacer las cosas bien…- le respondí mientras recargaba mi cabeza en su hombro. - El tiempo nos sobra, seremos tan felices…- me dijo mientras acariciaba mi cabello, aquello era muy relajante, me encantaba, ella lo sabía. -Ay mi Valen…- suspiré. No tenía mucho que decirle, ella ya lo sabía todo, palabras sobraban. Nos quedamos así un rato, yo recargada en su hombro y ella acariciando mi pelo. - Duermes conmigo?- me preguntó serenamente, yo me levanté, la miré a la cara y asentí con una sonrisa sincera y tranquila. Aquella noche y todas las demás dormimos abrazadas, sólo dormimos, con nuestros corazones latiendo en la misma sintonía. Los 5 días siguientes no teníamos tanto tiempo de hablar de lo nuestro debido a la rutina del trabajo, al menos el mío. Anabella ya no se hospedaba allí, así que ni la vi tampoco muy seguido, sólo la vi el martes un momento y es que ella estaba haciendo unos trámites importantes según me había contado. La extrañé aquellos días, supongo que me había acostumbrado a su presencia, y cuando supiera lo de Valen tal vez nunca la volvería a ver, eso me dolía, sin embargo necesitaba decírselo, necesitaba sentirme libre para amar a la mía. Se lo iba a decir, es sólo que aún no encontraba el momento apropiado. Palabras de un lenguaje nuevo que he construido para nosotros, para el amante perseguido- era la canción de Alejandro Sanz que se escuchaba de fondo en la recepción del hotel aquel viernes. A mí me encantaba la canción, no pude evitar cantarla- Cuando decidas aprenderlo no habrá silencio, no te hará falta usar la voz para romperlo, si tú me miras me hablarás… - -El amor nos pone tontas, no?- me sobresalté al escuchar una voz a mi lado. Volteé para ver a Adela mirándome con una disimulada sonrisa en los labios. - ah, si…un poco…- le dije un poco avergonzada al haber sido sorprendida cantando tan efusivamente. - Y cuál amor es el que te tiene así, el de Anabella o el de Valentina?- me miró desafiante. Realmente me sentí intimidada. - No…no sé a qué te refieres Adela…mas bien, qué haces aquí?- traté de salvarme, no quería mentir, pero tampoco quería decir la verdad. -No me cambies el tema Pía, cuando le vas a contar a Bella? Ella está muy ilusionada, por favor, dile pronto.-Adela no necesitaba que se lo dijera, ella lo sabía, creo que antes que nosotras mismas. - Yo sé Adela, hoy lo haré, te lo prometo.- ella sonrió satisfecha. - Es lo correcto, elijé bien tus palabras.- dijo para echarse a caminar a los ascensores. -Espera! Aún no me has dicho que haces aquí, no creo que sólo me hayas venido a hablar a mí. - Ah, no!- sonrió juguetona, mientras se rascaba la cabeza.- vengo por la ayuda de los tres mosqueteros para una sorpresa que le quiero hacer a Nachito, hoy cumplimos 1 año desde que estamos juntos.- me respondió para echarse a caminar otra vez. -Sí que nos pone brutas el amor! – alcancé a gritarle. Ella mi miró y me mostro el dedo de en medio muy burlona, yo reí a carcajadas y luego me puse a pensar…realmente había pasado un año desde que salimos de casa de Maca…un año! Que rápido se había pasado el tiempo, y parece que fue hace tan poco… Era la hora de término de mi turno y Anabella estaría esperándome en la salida para ir a cenar con ella. Salí del hotel y ahí estaba el automóvil con Bella dentro, ella al verme salió en mi búsqueda eufórica. Hade tres días que nonos veíamos. -Pía! Mi dulce Pía, te extrañé mucho- me dijo mientras me abrazaba y apoyaba su cuerpo en el mío. Fue un abrazo muy agradable. En cada instante que pasaba me entraba más el miedo de decirle la verdad. Extrañaría tanto estos abrazos, sus detalles, hasta sus besos... después de todo seis meses no se borran tan rápido, y era algo extraño, esto no tenía nada que ver con Valentina, mi amor por ella era intenso y seguro, de eso no había ninguna discusión. Lo de Anabella. Pues no sé, simplemente extrañaría tanto que me amara… En el trayecto a su casa me contó cosas que no recuerdo muy bien, mi mundo era otro en ese momento y no podía enfocarme en nada más que no fuese mi confesión. Al llegar allí me senté en el sofá y Bella me ofreció un vaso con agua, el cual acepté sin pensarlo…necesitaría esa agua. Al llegar con él en las manos me miró curiosa y luego se sentó a mi lado. -Dulce Pía, estás bien? Has estado como ausente hace rato.- me dijo al momento que tomaba mi mano entre las suyas para acariciarme. -Es que…Bella, tengo algo importante que decirte.-dije casi en un hilo de voz. -En serio? Yo también- dijo ella tristemente, eso me sorprendió, sentí curiosidad por sabes que tenía que decirme Bella y además aquello hacía que mi confesión se tardara un poco más lo cual me tranquilizaba por instantes. -Dímelo tú primero, que es lo que pasa?- le pregunté con verdadera curiosidad. -Me regreso a Liverpool. Al terminar este semestre, en unas 3 semanas más. - Te vas? Pero por qué?- casi grité asombrada. - Iré a estudiar a la Universidad de John Moores allá. Conseguí entrar, es muy difícil. Es una oportunidad que no puedo dejar pasar mi amor- dijo mientras tomaba mi cara entre sus manos. Yo cerré los ojos un momento. Se iba a ir, me dolía, porque eso sí significaba que no la vería nunca más. Pero por otro lado me sentía tranquila. Tal vez mi confesión ya no era necesaria. -Yo entiendo Bella. - Tal vez…- Pensó un momento- Pía, vente conmigo! Sería genial, conocerías la cuidad donde nací, tendríamos miles de aventuras juntas y… -Bella- La interrumpí- yo tengo mi vida acá. Ambas tenemos sueños distintos. Sigue los tuyos que yo no te detendré. Ella guardó silencio y sus ojos de cielo se tornaron vidriosos. Apretó mi mano con fuerza. -Podríamos seguir en contacto, por e-mail, por teléfono; yo vendría a visitarte cada mes… -Claro que sí, ahí veremos- le dije apartando un mechón de su cabello que le había caído sobre los ojos. - Oh dulce Pía! Te voy a extrañar tanto!- dijo para abrazarme finalmente- tanto tanto que creo que moriré- dijo para reír al fin, yo reí también, aunque tristemente. - No te preocupes, que de amor no se muere!- bromee. -Sólo será una prueba más en el camino…-dijo antes de acercarse a besarme. En eso estábamos cuando su celular comenzó a vibrar. Ella contestó, Hablaba con su padre. - Hello? Yes…of corse daddy…Yes i remember…aha…what? Now?...but…I´m in a middle of something very important…can´t it be later?...yes…no, yes I understand, Ok, I'm coming now.- me miró fastidiada y me dijo- Perdón Pía, pero mi papá quiere que le vaya a dejar unos papeles importantes que necesita para la conferencia…tendremos que dejar la cena para otro día. - No te preocupes Bella, otro día será- le contesté para luego depositar un tierno beso en sus labios. Anabella me ofreció ir a dejarme al departamento, pero yo preferí irme en taxi, si ella tenía prisa era mejor no retrasarla, pensé. Y la verdad es que había quedado más tranquila después de esto. A lo mejor debí habérselo dicho de todas maneras, pero es que este viaje de Anabella parecía predestinado! Para terminar nuestra relación sin hacerle daño. Con el tiempo separadas podría atribuir el rompimiento por la distancia, Tal vez ella conociera a alguien más allá o se encontrara con un antiguo amor… hasta ahora parecía que el universo entero estaba conspirando a favor mío y de Valentina. Llegué al departamento y al abrir la puerta encontré a Valentina muy acicalada mientras terminaba de prender unas velas que estaban sobre la mesa preparada perfectamente para una cena romántica. -Y esto?- exclamé realmente sorprendida. Valentina se mostró con más sorpresa que yo al verme. -Pía! Se suponía que no llegarías hasta más tarde! - jajaja! Si sé…me demoré menos hoy. Pero que significa todo esto, está hermoso!- Valentina había llenado toda la casa de Velas, debería haber sido como unas 20 en la sala, había puesto un mantel muy hermoso en la mesa y algunos pétalos de flores estaban esparcíos por el suelo; la música era suave, la luz era tenue, y mi Valientina se veía muy elegante! Traía unos pantalones de tela de color beige y una camisa celeste muy masculina; se había dejado el pelo suelo, no con una trenza como es su costumbre y olía a \"You\" un perfume que me volvía loca. - Quería darte una sorpresa- dijo ella acercándose haciendo un pucherito. -Y si sabías que iba a llegar después de cenar porque preparaste una cena?- Le pregunte de manera graciosa. -Bueno- dijo ella levantando un índice- yo tengo todo fríamente calculado, y no quiero que comas de más porque si no te enfermas, así que astutamente- decía mientras se dirigía a la cocina caminando con una actuación de diplomacia exagerada- defino esto no como una cena romántica, sino como un postre- dijo mostrándome un pie de limón- romántico! Yo reí con ternura, la amaba, la adoraba… -Pues un postre romántico me parece perfecto mi Valen.- ella sonrío ampliamente para luego proceder a atenderme, intenté hacer algo, ya sea servir o ir a buscar algún cubierto o un vaso, pero ella no me dejó hacer nada, me dijo que esa noche yo era la reina, yo reía ante sus ocurrencias. - Y cómo te fue hoy en Taylor?- le pregunté mientras estábamos en la mesa comiendo. -Maravillosamente!- dijo Valen con una gran sonrisa para luego meterse un pedazo de pie de limón a la boca- Es simplemente el trabajo perfecto para mí! Me pagan por hacer lo que haría gratis!- habló con la boca un poco llena. - Y que canciones cantaste hoy? -emm… bueno, canté como 3, amiga mía de Alejandro Sanz, Always de Bon Jovi e Inevitable. - de SIA? - No, de Shakira -dijo rascándose la cabeza y mirando a los lados. -Hey! Esa canción es muy hermosa, triste pero hermosa. Por qué lo dices así? Creí que te gustaba Shakira! - Bueno…sus antiguas canciones están bien, pero está ultima que dice soy loca con mi tigre, loca, loca, loca - dijo Valen imitando a Shakira con una voz muy chillona, cosa que me hizo casi explotar de risa- es horrible! Es como si se hubiese vendido al sistema! Y me cayó mal por eso- dijo cruzándose de brazos y hacer una expresión de niña taimada. -Jajajaja! Valen me matas de la risa! -Pero si es verdad! Ay bueno, cómo te fue a ti en el hotel?- Me cambió el tema porque no pararía de reír si me seguía hablando de Shakira. -Bien, calmado, como siempre…me encontré con Adela!- recordé de golpe mientras me comía el último pedacito de Pie que me quedaba -Ah, sí? Y que contaba? – dijo Valen jugando con su tenedor- - Le estaba preparando una sorpresa a Ignacio, por su primer año juntos. - Un año? Tanto ha pasado desde que salimos de casa de Maca?- pregunto Valentina mientras abría mucho los ojos. - sí, lo mismo pensé yo…tal vez es que juntas el tiempo se nos pasa más rápido y ni cuenta nos damos. Valentina me miró y sonrió, lentamente acercó su mano a la mía y la tomó por encima de la mesa. Era impresionante lo que conseguía en mi su tacto, su sonrisa, su calor, su presencia…su simple existencia… Me paré de la silla tranquilamente, ella imitó mis movimientos, no sé por qué. A lo mejor ella tampoco sabía. Una guitarra empezó a sonar desde el equipo de música, una bella canción nos invitaba a bailar juntas. \"Hazme\" de David Bolzoni empezó a llenar la habitación. La miré tiernamente. -Bailas conmigo?- le dije extendiéndole una mano. Ella no me dijo nada, sólo dio unos pasos para alcanzarme y la tomó. Ahí en la pequeña salita al lado del equipo de música, ella me rodeo la cintura y yo le agarré del cuello y así nos pegamos en un abrazo apretado mientras nos movíamos lentamente al compás de la música. Te amo, te siento, te vuelvo a sentir, y en cada segundo me enamoro de ti; te amo, te vuelvo a elegir, en cada mirada te derrites en mí. – Pegamos nuestras mejillas acariciándolas la una con la otra, sentí la suave piel del rostro de mi amada- Y cada gota que derrama tu piel es para mí, por cada vez que me tienes dentro.- Nos abrazábamos fuerte mientras bailábamos, podía sentir la respiración desesperada de Valen en mi cuello, sus manos tomaron mi espalda con fuerza y comenzó a cantarme aquel estribillo al oído.- Hazme reír, hazme llorar, hazme sufrir hasta llegar, hazme morir, hazme vivir, a salir el sol… Me sentía emocionada, el momento sin duda alguna estaba muy cargado de sentimientos, tanto que se nos hacía pesado llevarlo. La siguiente parte quise cantársela yo como me acababa de cantar ella a mí.- Hazme sentir, hazme dudar, hazme mentir hasta jurar, hazme fingir, hazme desear, hazme otra vez el amor… En ese momento Valentina se separó un poco suavemente sin dejar de abrazarme, y con un movimiento seguro se acercó y me besó despacio, despacio y luego más enérgicamente, yo a mi vez devoraba sus labios con mucha premura, la canción continuó mientras nos besábamos Te amo, te pienso y vuelvo a escribir cada palabra te trae hasta mi, - Nuestros labios se separaron para volver a abrazarnos apretadamente como antes, juagando a acariciarnos con las mejillas- y cada instante que acaricio tu piel es para ti, por cada vez que tiene dentro. – ahora ambas cantamos juntas una en el oído de la otra, habíamos entrado a un trance de romance demasiado extasiante para poder romperlo. Hazme reír, hazme llorar, hazme sufrir hasta llegar, hazme morir, hazme vivir, a salir el sol. Hazme sentir, hazme dudar, hazme mentir hasta jurar, hazme fingir, hazme desear, hazme otra vez el amor… Después de terminar de cantar el segundo estribillo y en medio de ese piano del interludio caímos en un círculo vicioso de besos que no podíamos abandonar, Valentina se deshizo de mi saco rápidamente y me acariciaba la cintura plácidamente, sin ningún apuro, sin ninguna prisa, no los había. Este era nuestro momento. Hazme morir…hazme vivir…a salir el sool. Se separó un poco y me tomó de la mano para conducirme a la habitación. Ninguna de las dos podía borrar la sonrisa de nuestra cara. Hazme sentir, hasta llegar… Uno a uno desabotonó los botones de mi blusa, yo hice lo mismo con su camisa mientras le sonreía. No había más momento que este, era simplemente perfecto. Hazme otra vez el amor…[Chapter 8] Jossy: llevabas un tiempo perdido, eh? Que bueno que hayas vuelto compatriota! Y estoy de acuerdo contigo, creo que no podré superar aquel capítulo. Ladylibra10: Gracias a ti por leer y comentar, y pues, lo mío, lo hago con mucho gusto =). Yasliz: Exacto, Shakira vendida! xD gracias por pasarte a comentar siempre! Paxhunter13: Gracias por leerme y sigue usando \"You\" que es exquisito! Kld94: Gracias de verdad! También amo tu fic y lo de las canciones…pues, la verdad es que si tuviese que buscar un secreto sería que elijo la canción antes de hacer la historia…como que no pongo música en base a la historia, sino que hago la historia en base a la música. No sé si me expliqué: P GinebraRemyHadley: Gracias por todo tus reviews! :D pero con respecto a tu primera post data lamento decepcionarte con este capítulo, a ti y a algunas otras. Y con respecto a la segunda post data sigo esperando! Valentona: Gracias. La de ahora es una dosis pequeña, pero espero que fuerte. :D saludos compatriota! RiotIs: wow! De verdad yo pensé que el capítulo me había quedado medio fome, pero gracias por ese review que me hizo cambiar de opinión. Espero que pronto actualices \"love is not a competition, porque ese fic siempre me deja muy picada! #Ihatesofía :P Silvia1382: Muchas gracias, parece que el romanticismo es mi fuerte. Bueno, tuve que hacer este capítulo así porque si no perdía la estructura que le iba dando. Además debo disculparme por dos cosas; la primera es que el capítulo es más corto que de costumbre, no pude hacerlo más largo Y la segunda es porque no ha quedado como los otros. Lo siento, el suspenso no es mi fuerte. Pero esta parte era necesaria. A pesar de esos dos puntos espero que le guste un poquitín. La vi marcharse en aquel taxi y cerré la puerta; luego me dirigí al baño para secarme las lágrimas que aún estaban pegadas en mis mejillas .Me di un retoque antes de ir a dejarle los documentos a papá. Cuando iba manejando hacia la conferencia en lo único que podía pensar era en Pía. Trataba de llenar mi cabeza de imágenes mías triunfando, estudiando allí en Liverpool, con nuevos amigos, con una nueva vida; pero si esa nueva vida no incluía a la mujer que me robaba el sueño no sabía si tenía mucho sentido… De hecho estaba dudando de mi decisión. Tal vez acá pudiese encontrar una buena universidad también. Sé que no era lo mismo, pero la elección era muy difícil, no se puede tener todo en la vida. A pesar de saber que había métodos para no perder el contacto con Pía, el tema de la distancia siempre es un factor muy importante a la hora de terminar una relación. Yo no lo iba a hacer, pero tenía tanto miedo de que Pía se aburriera y me terminara dejando! Desde aquella desilusión tan grande que tuve con Danielle, estos 7 meses eran los únicos momentos en que me sentía a flote. Había dejado de creer en todo, había tomado la desconfianza como un estilo de vida y el realismo lo reemplazaba por pesimismo. Y es que en cierto momento, hace cuatro años, mi vida pareció haber sufrido una especie de naufragio en donde mi barca permaneció hundida por mucho tiempo, y cuando conocí a Pía, ella se había transformado en ese muelle que me dio lo que necesitaba para levantarme. Ella no curó mis heridas, de hecho, yo quise que siguieran latentes, porque ellas me recordaban que alguna vez fui feliz, y que hoy al respirar sintiendo su perfume sobre mi piel podía dejar nacer la esperanza de volver a ser quien era; aunque también sabía que no habían caminos de regreso, sino falsas curvas en las cuales podía perderme; Pía no dejo que me perdiese, aún en medio de mi oscuridad; ella se convirtió en la oportunidad de fomentar la vida que alguna vez soñé sobre la tierra fértil que conservaba. ¿Valía la pena sacrificar todo eso? ¿Mis sueños o mi amor? Necesitaba seguir pensando al respecto. Legué a la conferencia de papá y lo vi dando un discurso delante de mucha gente. Espere a que terminara. Nunca pude evitar reír un poco al verlo en sus conferencias, todo el tiempo él complicado con la tecnología; no manejaba muy bien el Power Point y yo siempre tenía que ayudarle a hacer sus presentaciones; era un trabajo bastante grato ayudarle, él era mi única familia desde que tenía como 3 años, cuando mi mamá nos abandonó a los dos. Nunca supe por qué había sido eso, papá nunca me quiso contar. Terminó su primera charla sobre el asma en los niños y en media hora más tendría que salir a hablar del mismo tema, pero esta vez enfocado en los ancianos. Me acerqué hacia él y le di las carpetas con el material que necesitaba para dicha charla. -Thanks B. I thought I was lost! Thanks God that I have you, my little princess! -Oh, It was nothing daddy! But now I really have to go! Después de tanto pensar en Pía finalmente había llegado a una conclusión. -why? Don´t you want to stay here and watch the conference?- me miró extrañado -Daddy, I swear I'd love to, but I need to do something very important now.- Debía ser ahora, tenía demasiadas emociones en el alma como para esperar. Di la media vuelta dispuesta a caminar -Hey, wait! Have you told Pía about Liverpool? -Yes, but that's just what I have to correct daddy, I changed my mind.- Me miró muy sorprendido. -What do you mean you change your mind? Did you tell her that you´re leaving? -I´m not going anywhere daddy, I'm staying here in Colombia with my girl- no alcancé a ver su reacción porque me eché a caminar rápidamente aunque él seguía gritando mi nombre para que le pusiese atención…no quería darle explicaciones ahora, en este momento sólo quería hablar con Pía sobre mi decisión. Puse mis manos en el volante y conduje en dirección al departamento de Pía. Sabía que era una oportunidad demasiado buena, pero sentía que de algún modo al estar allá, en Liverpool, estaría perdiendo más de lo que ganaba y también sentía que en era muy probable que me arrepintiera de haberme ido. Pero hay cosas de las que una se arrepiente más aún… Llegué al edificio, y subí al ascensor mientras jugaba nerviosamente con mis uñas. Legué al departamento y toqué la puerta; una, dos, tres, muchas veces, pero no había respuesta. Debía haber alguien porque la música sonaba muy fuerte y no hubiesen salido dejando el equipo prendido. En aquel momento recordé que Pía guardaba una llave de repuesto en la lámpara de arriba de la puerta, por si alguna vez se quedaba fuera, explicó. Subí mi mano hasta el objeto que me daba luz y palpé hasta tocar algo que parecía ser lo que buscaba. Abrí la puerta victoriosa. Al entrar vi el cuarto de la sala lleno de velas, muchas apagadas, alguna que otra aún encendida, el equipo de música retumbaba con la canción I want to know what love is, y habían indicios de que alguien había estado comiendo allí hace poco. Pero nadie estaba a la vista. Miré en la habitación de Pía y no había un alma…la cama estaba tendida, todo perfecto, nadie en el baño tampoco. Sólo me faltaba ver la habitación de Valentina que permanecía con la puerta cerrada. No lo inspeccioné en ese momento. No podía invadir así su privacidad; ya bastante era que me hubiese metido a la casa sin permiso, aunque supuse que esto no le molestaría a Pía. En vista de que Pía no estaba supuse que tal vez había salido a comprar algo, o que se yo! Sólo supuse que volvería pronto, y con esa suposición me senté en el sofá a esperarla. El tiempo pasaba, ya casi media hora y Pía no aparecía; y en ese momento empezó a sonar una hermosa canción en el equipo de música, que creí que iba a amenizar mi espera. Si acaso nuestro amor de nuevo fracasara…- empezó la interpretación de Gianni Bella con la canción \"si de amor ya no se muere\"- Tú sabes que sería lo peor que nos pasara. Lo que hubo entre los dos no se hizo en un momento, a ti no te compré, por eso no te vendo… Era verdad, lo que cuesta ganar no se deja así como así, y el amor de Pía para mi era demasiado valioso como para venderlo. Tú, tristemente tú, me dijiste cuando me alejé, que de amor ya no se muere, mas muriendo me marché- Recordé que precisamente eso era lo que Pía me había dicho cuando le di la noticia de mi partida y empecé a encontrarle demasiado sentido a la letra de esa canción para mí en ese instante- Pero estoy aquí, tras un año he comprendido que si de amor ya no se muere, yo sin ti no viviré.- Era verdad, sin Pía no viviría, ni en Liverpool ni en ningún otro lado si no era cerca de ella. Abrázame también, no importa que nos vean, si sabes que me hace tanto bien quizás comprendas… En el cuarto de Valentina parecía haber movimiento, pero no estaba segura del todo, hasta unos minutos después, que fue donde pude escuchar claramente la voz de Valentina desde su habitación. … Que se han de aprovechar todos los minutos, después nos faltarán si no vivimos juntos… Bueno no era que precisamente escuchase palabras, más bien eran gritos. Hubiese ido en su ayuda, pero claramente aquellos gritos no eran de dolor, sino de todo lo contrario. Me sonrojé un poco y sonreí con picardía. No sabía quién le estaba provocando semejantes reacciones, pero esa era mayor razón para no molestarle. Tú, que me ocultas tú- y se seguían escuchando aquellos sonidos de la habitación de Valentina, ya hasta me estaba dando envidia, quién sería el misterioso que le daba tanto placer?- si otro amor tuvieras dilo aquí, como cuesta confesarlo- Sin saber por qué recordé que Pía quería decirme algo antes de que le comunicara de mi partida y lo habíamos olvidado completamente…- pues te veo sonreír.- repetidos \"ah\" y \"oh\" seguían sonando, sin embargo la siguiente palabra que Valentina repitió entre el éxtasis hizo que el cuerpo me temblara ,\"Pía\"… Me paré lentamente con las rodillas aún temblando del miedo – no podrás mentir- Unos pasos se escucharon venir desde la habitación de Valentina y un grito de \"ve por la crema!\" y aunque podía sospechar lo que pasaría aún en mi corazón quedaba la esperanza de que aquella no fuese mi Pía y ahora no era miedo sino terror el que me invadía.- Tú tenías la razón quizás- La puerta se empezó a abrir, sentía mi respiración densa y pesada y también un temblor helado en mi espina dorsal- Si de amor ya no se muere…- Y entonces sentí como si las manos del mismo Dios atraparan mi cuerpo y me hicieran añicos.- Algo en mi se morirá…- Era mi Pía, era mi pía semidesnuda que venía saliendo de esa habitación, eran sus ojos de almendra perplejos los que miraban los míos que ya nadaban en el decepción.[Chapter 9] RiotIs: Sí, estoy planeando un final feliz para ella :D gracias por todos tus reviews, me dan mucho ánimo! Y tengo que decir que llevo como 4 días escuchando \"perdón\" de Pambo, me la dejaste pagadísima! Ciegazul: Gracias! De verdad, muchas gracias, y sí…bueno, es triste como se enteró e incluso medio de teleseries… y lo de la ortografía…la verdad es que debo confesar que hace dos años yo era una fanática de la ortografía…me decían la chica \"error garrafal\" XD porque es lo que siempre gritaba al ver un error ortográfico! Ahora se me pasó un poco, pero me sigue gustando la ortografía y bueno…todo lo que tiene que ver con la literatura. Jossy: perdón, desaparecida, te juro que fue una volada, nunca pensé que fueras hombre! XD Aquí está un poco arreglada la situación. Gracias por tus reviews. Kld94: XD sí, Valen y la crema! Gracias por todos tus comentarios, tanto aquí como en twitter! Y gracias por tu fic, que está exclente! Yasliz: Sí, pobre Bella; Y bueno…sí… Shakira me tiene un poco decepcionada. Pero no puedo evitar que me guste su música, no la actual claro, pero sus clásicos me encantan. Ladylibra10: Bueno, este está muy largo y espero que igualmente lo encuentres genial. :D Y soy de Chile , de mi Santiago querido! GinebraRemyHadley: lo siento. Era necesario lo de Bella, y sí, lo de la crema lo hice justamente con esa intención! Ojalá y te guste la continuación. Sweetmoon: Jajaja, me dio risa tu Nick, no tengo buena experiencias con las chicas fanáticas de la luna XD Pero aún así querida lunática gracias por tu comentario: D en twitter estoy como JacquieVodka y en facebook me puedes encontrar como Jackie Desadaptada. Msn no te lo doy porque casi no lo ocupo :P soy más de facebook. Silvia1381: sí, eres la única que ha comentado sobre la pobrecita de Pía que también está muy complicada. Paxhunter13: jajaja gracias por este comentario y por todos los anteriores, espero y me sigas leyendo. Bueno, sólo me queda disculparme porque me demoré más que en cualquier capítulo…tengo mis motivos, pero trataré que no siga pasando. Espero disfruten este también, medio larguito…ah! Y me robé un pequeño diálogo de una película que amo, a ver si adivinan cual. Me quedé petrificada al ver a Anabella; no podía moverme, no podía respirar, ni siquiera podía pensar. Pensar en una explicación decente, pero qué explicación podría darle? Estaba muy jodida, la había cagado hasta el fondo y ahora hasta mirarla me dolía, pero más me dolía la mirada que ella me dirigió en ese momento. Para mi mala suerte Valentina no advirtió la presencia de Anabella; yo estaba parada en el marco de la puerta del cuarto, y Valen se me acercó, me abrazó por la espalda y me besó el cuello; no podíamos estar en peor situación. Yo tenía el torso completamente desnudo, y Valentina…pues Valentina el cuerpo entero. La mirada de Anabella parecía quemarme la piel del dolor que expedía. -Por qué tardas tanto mi a…- Valentina se separó de un respingo cuando vio a Anabella y rápidamente empezó a buscar algo con que cubrirse. Yo aún estaba estática. \"No es lo que piensas\", no, definitivamente no podía decirle eso. La situación era demasiado obvia. Y al parecer ella tampoco encontraba palabras. Pero después de casi dos segundos ella reaccionó, no obstante yo no podía. Me miró de los pies a la cabeza con desprecio; Valentina se puso detrás de mí en el umbral de la puerta, ya cubierta con una bata. Anabella miró hacia la mesa en donde había un tubo de crema batida, la tomó y nos la arrojó a los pies. -Disfrútenlo…- murmuró con los ojos húmedos antes de empezar a caminar hacia la salida, solo en aquel momento pude reaccionar y caminé detrás de ella cuando aún no había llegado a la puerta. -Bella, espera por favor, yo…- alcancé a tocar su hombro, ella se paró en seco y giro solamente la cabeza para mirarme. -Pía, si aún me tienes el más mínimo de respeto me vas a soltar y me vas a dejar ir ahora mismo. No había más que decir por el momento. La solté y se fue sin decir nada más. Al cerrarse la puerta detrás de ella volteé y miré a Valentina; ella simplemente se acercó rápido y nos abrazamos desesperadamente mientras me echaba a llorar en sus brazos. Ella me acariciaba el cabello, tratando de calmarme. -No era así como quería que lo supiera! – es lo primero que alcancé a decir, aun abrazada a Valentina. - Alguna vez quisiste que lo supiera?- dijo ella separando nuestro abrazo y pasando las yemas de sus dedos por mis mejillas tratando de limpiar mis lágrimas. -No… creo que no quería…- reconocí- pero por mi maldita cobardía ahora ella se ha enterado de la peor manera!- estallé nuevamente en llanto, el momento era tan intenso que hasta ese instante no caí en cuenta de mi desnudez. Retiré la mano de Valentina de mi cara y me fui rápidamente al baño a darme una ducha. Al salir encontré la encontré limpiando, ni siquiera la podía mirar. Y no era porque sintiese que ella era la culpable, ni mucho menos me estaba arrepintiendo de nuestro amor. Pero en esos momentos ni siquiera podía mirarme a mi misma al espejo. Ella al parecer adivinó mis pensamientos. -Pía, esto no es tu culpa, ni mía, ni de Anabella, ni de nadie. Son…sólo cosas que pasan…cosas de la vida.- dijo mientras me sostenía el rostro con ambas manos. -Lo sé Valen- la miré a los ojos y tomé su cintura y lentamente me acerqué para besarla. Apenas y nos tocamos los labios, pero ese beso pareció estar tan colmado de sentimientos que era todo lo que necesitábamos. Nos separamos y luego pegamos nuestras frentes mirándonos con ternura. Después de pasadas unas horas la incertidumbre me carcomía, necesitaba saber de Anabella, pero me daba miedo llamarle. Juntando todo el coraje que pude marqué el número de su celular, con Valentina a mi lado expectante. -Aló?- mi voz temblaba. -Pía…eres tú verdad? – una voz que no era de Anabella, pero aún así familiar me contestó. -Sí, soy yo, Adela…cómo…cómo está Bella? - Dijiste que no la lastimarías- dijo acusándome. - No fue intencional Adela, lo juro. -Eso lo sé, pero no cambia las cosas.-Era verdad…el daño ya estaba hecho, poco importaba ahora si era o no intencional. - Ella está contigo ahora? -Está durmiendo, es muy tarde- miré el reloj. Efectivamente eran las 3:17 am- es mejor que no hables con ella ahora. Espera unos días, a que se le pase el shock…luego podrán hablar más tranquilamente. -Pero es que tengo miedo que ella… - No te preocupes Pía, yo la estoy cuidando, además Bella es una mujer inteligente y por sobre todo muy valiente. No se echará a morir por esto. La charla con Adela me dejó más tranquila, pero aún seguía necesitando hablar con Anabella de manera urgente. Aunque no sabía bien que iba a decir, ni por qué pedir perdón. A lo mejor por no ser sincera desde un principio. Por no haber tenido la valentía de habérselo dicho antes, o si queremos volver más atrás…por empezar una relación con ella cuando siempre supe que mi amor era Valentina…sí…tenía muchas cosas por las cuales pedirle perdón. Me fui a acostar en los brazos de mi amada, como siempre lo hacemos desde hace unos días atrás. Apoyé mi cabeza en su regazo y traté de dormir. Estaba agotada tanto física como emocionalmente, así que con todo y lo de Anabella, no tardé en quedarme dormida. Abrí los ojos compungidamente cuando advertí algunos rayos solares cayendo sobre mi cara, estaba sola, sentí algunos ruidos provenientes de la cocina y no tardó en aparecer Valentina con una bandejita en el cuarto. Le sonreí ampliamente y ella me retribuyó aquella sonrisa. Tostadas untadas con margarina, café y jugo de naranja, perfecto. Puso la bandejita encima de la cama y se sentó en un costado a mi lado. -Irás a hablar hoy con Anabella?- dijo antes de tomar una tostada y darle un mordisco. -No sé Valen, es que no sé ni que decirle…- dije descolocada mientras le ponía azúcar al café. - Lo siento Pía…sé que esto debe ser demasiado difícil…siento que en parte es mi culpa. -No Valen! Tú misma dijiste anoche, no es culpa de nadie…estas cosas pasan simplemente. Nadie las busca. - Tal vez si yo hubiera… -No, no empecemos con los \"hubiera\" que son vocablo muy venenosos… lo que pasó es lo que es nada más…el hubiera no existe…porque ya no fue!- exclame muy efusivamente -tienes razón…mejor me calló la boca- dijo un poco avergonzada. -No, no te calles mi Valen- dije moviéndome un poco para abrazarle por detrás- no te calles que amo oírte hablar.- ella volteó la cabeza para mirarme, y al hacerlo se sonrió hermosamente. Le di un pequeño beso en el cuello antes de pararme de un respingo de la cama. -Te vas a levantar? – la miré y asentí- quédate un ratito más, aún es temprano. -Valen, son las 12:24- le dije después de consultar brevemente mi reloj de pulsera- hay muchas cosas que resolver hoy. Además a las 6 tienes que irte a trabajar, es sábado. Y creo le debes una visita a tu familia. -Y tú que harás?- me dijo ella acercándome la taza de café que aún estaba llena, la recibí. -Iré a ver a Anabella…- le di un sorbo al café y observé que Valentina parecía incómoda- Valen, tengo que hablar con ella…- di unos pasos hasta donde estaba ella, dejé el café en el suelo y me agaché a su lado tomando sus manos entre las mías- tengo que estar en paz con esto para que podamos amarnos libremente- le expliqué, y al momento besé sus manos suavemente. Ella me miró con compasión amorosa y se soltó de mis manos para tomarme la cara y depositar un tierno beso en mi frente. -Quieres que vaya contigo?- me dijo de manera sutil aún sujetándome el rostro. -No…esto es algo que debo hacer sola.- Le respondí; lentamente me puse de pie y me dirigí a mi habitación para buscar algo de ropa. -Entonces iré a ver a mi mamá- me gritaba Valentina desde la sala de estar, se asomó por la puerta de mi cuarto con una toalla en la mano- Me daré un baño primero, me esperas para salir juntas? -Claro…!- le respondí con una pequeña sonrisa. Después de vestirme fui al baño a lavarme la cara, peinarme y cepillarme los dientes, como todos los días. Llegué al lavabo y vi la silueta del cuerpo de Valen mientras se duchaba, estuve tentada a meterme ahí con ella, muy tentada, pero no era el momento; sacudí mi cabeza para salir de mi trance y continué haciendo mis \"abducciones\" como diría Teo! Terminé rápidamente y me salí del baño antes de que me ganaran los impulsos. Me puse a lavar lo que habíamos usado para el desayuno mientras esperaba a Valen, ni siquiera advertí cuando salió del baño y pasó a su cuarto para vestirse. Supongo que tuve suerte, porque verla sólo con una toalla cubriendo su cuerpo hubiese desordenado más mis hormonas, más de lo que ya estaban. Casi al mismo tiempo de terminar de lavar esas tazas Valentina salió del cuarto vestida y lista para irnos, cada una a una prueba distinta. Nos deseamos suerte y nos besamos cariñosamente antes de separar nuestros caminos. Caminaba hacia la casa de Anabella con mucho temor, pero era mejor enfrentar las cosas de una vez y no seguir con esta incertidumbre que me mataba. Poco a poco fui armando mi discurso con la esperanza de que Bella pudiese entenderme y a lo mejor algún día lejano perdonarme. La quería mucho, y no era mi intención que desapareciese de mi vida. Llegué hasta su casa y nadie abría. Su papá probablemente no estaba en casa, era sábado y para él no era libre. Llamé a la puerta unas 5 veces cuando escuché pasos del otro lado. La puerta se abrió con Adela detrás de ella. La miré y al instante la abracé, ella me devolvió el abrazo con auténtico agrado. -Cómo está Bella?- le pregunté al separarme de ella. -Está mejor…- Adela parecía serena, eso me tranquilizó un poco.- está en su cuarto, pero…-Agachó su cabeza. -Pero qué…? –pregunté yo un poco asustada. -No quiere verte Pía. Guardé silencio un rato, pero luego reaccioné y caminé decididamente hasta la habitación de mi ex novia. Traté de abrir la puerta, pero estaba trancada. Adela me siguió y se paró a mi lado. -Bella…Bella ábreme por favor, necesitamos hablar- le gritaba yo recargada en la puerta de su cuarto. Finalmente comprendí que no abriría, pero yo no me iba a ir sin antes decirle lo que había venido a explicarle.- Yo…yo sé que debes odiarme ahora y no te culpo…sé que todo esto es mi falta, pero…- Tomé un respiro para tratar de aclarar mi garganta que ya sentía el nudo que la invadía- pero quiero explicarte mi versión de la historia.- Adela mi miró y asintió , dándome un poco de confianza- Yo siempre he estado enamorada de Valentina…desde que estábamos en casa de Maca…ella fue la que me ayudó a superar todo lo que me tocó vivir…con ella siempre me sentí protegida…alguna vez nos besamos…- las lágrimas inevitablemente comenzaron a deslizarse por mis mejillas- antes de conocerte…pero nunca concretamos algo juntas, porque ella no estaba firme emocionalmente. Así que yo me conformé con ser su mejor amiga…sé que te debí haber dicho esto antes; te debí haber dicho de mi historia con Valentina cuando nos estábamos conociendo. Pero es que es una página de mi vida que nunca di vuelta…y tú…tú llegaste como un bote salvavidas, y te juro que te amé cuando estuvimos juntas…- me detuve un momento- de hecho aún te amo…pero no…no como a Valentina. No te pido que me perdones, aunque sí, claro que te ofrezco mis más sentidas disculpas…pero…entenderé si no quieres volver a verme en tu vida…sólo quiero que trates de comprender lo que significa Valentina para mí y trates de entender mis motivos…ocultártelo fue mi error…pero no así amarla. Yo sé que en el fondo tú me entiendes…yo sé que sabes lo que significa el primer amor, lo sé porque eres muy romántica- reí tristemente- eres una loca romántica Bella! Y no puedes negarme que si Danielle apareciera de nuevo en tu vida no dudarías en dejarlo todo por ella- pensé un rato- Y no…no estoy tratando de justificarme Bella. Sólo espero que me entiendas…aunque sea un poquito…no estoy nada orgullosa de lo que te hice…no era mi intención llegar hasta estas consecuencias…ojalá y puedas perdonarme…algún día. Terminé para secarme las lágrimas que se me habían escapado. Me separé de la puerta y miré a Adela con entereza. Me sentía más libre; por lo menos haberle dirigido esas palabras a Anabella me aliviaba algo el peso emocional que sentía en el pecho. -Gracias Adela- dije finalmente para darle un breve abrazo y salir rápidamente de allí. Me sentía desbordada de emociones, necesitaba descansar el espíritu un poco. Caminé hacia mi departamento, esto había durado menos de lo que esperaba. Llegué allá y Valentina aún no lo había hecho. Me senté en el sofá y traté de descansar un rato. Pronto me volvió a vencer el sueño en aquel sillón. No recuerdo ningún sueño en particular, más bien eran imágenes difusas que vagaban por mi mente. Era como si estuviera en unos de esos juegos de la plaza, de esos que dan vueltas y vueltas… y no sabía bien distinguir qué es lo que pasaba a mí alrededor. Poco a poco fui volviendo a la realidad al sentir unos tibios labios tocando los míos. Abrí mis ojos con pereza y me encontré con el rostro de mi amada. Qué lindo despertar! -Llegaste?- le dije mientras me restregaba los ojos con flojera. -No…vine a avisarte que vengo en la esquina!- me dijo divertida a modo de respuesta. Había sido una pregunta estúpida. -Que pesada eres!- le grité riendo mientras le lanzaba una almohada que estaba a mi lado. -Hey! No es para tanto! Si sólo fue una bromita!- reímos un rato más por eso y luego nos pusimos serias- …Hablaste con Anabella? -Bueno…así como hablar…no. Le hablé más bien dicho.- dije con un poco de frustración. -Cómo es eso? – Me pregunto confundida. -Es que Bella no quería verme…así que tuve que hablarle detrás de una puerta…no recibí ninguna respuesta de su parte, pero al menos pude decirle lo que quería…- Ella asintió a modo de hacerme ver que había entendido- Y cómo te fue a ti con tu familia? -Más o menos…pero tengo buenas noticias! Mira!- balanceó unas pequeñas llaves delante de mis ojos- Me la han entregado. -Que cosa?- Le pregunté con verdadera curiosidad. -Mi moto! Que nunca te dije que tenía una? -Wow! No…nunca me lo dijiste…pero por qué te la han entregado hasta ahora y no lo hicieron antes si era tuya? -Estaba descompuesta. Ayer la sacaron del taller. Sabes lo que significa esto?- me preguntó con una risa traviesa. -Que ya no tendrás que tomar el metro?- bromeé. -También! Pero podremos salir a pasear por la cuidad en la noche! Hace tiempo que no hacemos eso!- la propuesta se escuchaba muy romántica…salvaje, pero romántica. La idea me sedujo al instante. -Y pudiste hablar con tu madre de…nosotras?- La observé temerosa. Ella me dio una mirada triste y asintió con la cabeza.- No se lo tomaron bien, cierto?- le pregunté mientras me acercaba a acariciarle una mejilla. Ella sólo negó…enmudecida con hace un momento; comprendí entonces que no quería hablar de eso, así que rápidamente cambié el tema para no herirla.- Mira la hora! Tienes que irte a trabajar! -Sí, ya tengo que ir a cantar! -Exclamó parándose de golpe. – vienes conmigo? -ni siquiera tienes que preguntarlo- le dije parándome inmediatamente. Salimos del edificio y vi la moto de Valentina, era más bien una motoneta de color rojo y negro, muy linda, Valentina tenía dos cascos en la mano que hacían juego con el color de la moto; uno rojo y el otro negro. Se quedó con el rojo y me dio el otro a mí. Nos subimos a la moto, ella conduciría…no podía ser de otra manera, yo no sabía. Me abracé a su cintura y me recargue en su espalda. Me sentía muy cómoda. Así nos condujimos a Taylor, la brisa fría que me llegaba en la cara de cierta manera me despajaba la mente y me hacía sentir más tranquila. Al llegar allá me senté en una mesa cercana al escenario para poder ver el espectáculo de Valentina. Esta vez le tocaba cantar algo de rock clásico. Todos los presentes coreamos \"Come as you are\" de Nirvana y \"Twist and shout\" de The Beatles en la versión de Valentina; con esta ultima algunas parejas incluso se pararon y empezaron a bailar una mezcla de rock and roll y twist algo extraña. Era un espectáculo realmente grato. Cuando Valentina bajó de escenario llena de aplausos se sentó a mi lado; el animador dijo que era hora del karaoke interactivo, en donde cualquier persona de los asistentes podía subir a cantar. Y me quedé impactada al escuchar el nombre de la siguiente cantante, era Anabella, parecía cansada, pero aún así veía muy entera. Subió al escenario que, repito, estaba muy cerca de mí y ahora también de Valentina, me miró y me dirigió unas palabras antes de comenzar con su interpretación. -A pesar de todo mi dulce Pía, te perdono- aquellas primeras palabras significaron el mundo entero para mi, era como si me estuviesen quitando de encima la cruz que llevaba en la espalda.- Y por eso me quiero despedir de ti como sé que te gustaría.- No anunció el titulo de su canción, pero al escuchar el dulce piano de la introducción supe inmediatamente que se trataba de \"Goodbye My lover\" de James Blunt. Did I disappoint you, or let you down…- comenzó Bella con su perfecto inglés británico- should I be felling guilty, or let the judges frown- empecé a sentir el pecho bien chiquito y un sin número de emociones tratando de salirse de él- Cause I saw the end before we'd began, yes I saw you were blinded, and I knew I have won- A veces me miraba a mi mientras cantaba, pero la mayoría del tiempo estaba con los ojos cerrados, miré a Valentina, quien no le despegaba los ojos a Anabella- So I took waht´s mine by eternal right, took your soul out into the night- Los ojos de Valentina al contrario de mirar con odio veían a Anabella llenos de compasión.- It may be over, but it won't stop there, I am here for you, If you'd only care – Yo sentía que mi mirada se humedecía al paso de las estrofas de la canción- You touched my heart you touched my soul, you changed my life and all my goals.- era verdad, Anabella me había dicho muchas veces que yo había llegado a cambiar su vida…tal vez también sus metas.- And love is blind and that I knew when, my heart was blinded by you, I've kissed your lips and held your head- Por mi mente pasaban una y otra vez las muchas veces que Bella me consoló, que me ayudó, que estuvo conmigo, sobre todo aquella vez que encerró a los canallas que me desgraciaron la vida- Shared your dreams and shared your bed, I know you well, I know your smell, I've been addicted to you.- Trataba de ver a Anabella, pero la imagen ya era borrosa, esta vez mis lágrimas, sin embargo, no eran de tristeza, ni desesperación, sino de emoción. Sonreía mientras lloraba, hace mucho que no hacía eso- Goodbye my lover, goobye my friend, you have been the one, you have been the one for me- un grupo de chicos que estaba atrás de nosotras empezó a corear la canción y pronto todo el bar lo hacía- Goodbye my lover, goodbye my friend, you have been the one,you have been the one for me- Miré a Valentina y casi muero de ternura cuando la sorprendí haciendo un pucherito, uno real, no inventado. Realmente el adiós de Bella le estaba llegando al alma, como a mí- I'm a dreamer, but when I wake, you can't break my spirit, it's my dreams you take, and as you move on remember me, remember us and all we used to be- Por supuesto que lo recordaría, toda mi vida…- I've seen you cry, I've seen you smile, I watched you sleeping for a while, I'd be the mother of your child, I'd spend a lifetime with you, I know your fears and you know mine- Sí que nos conocíamos bien, y tal vez hasta ella me conocía más a mi que yo a ella- We´ve had our doubts but now we´re fine, and I love you, I swear that´s true- esas últimas palabras se escucharon quebradas- I cannot live without you!- Puse mi mano sobre mi boca para acallar los sollozos que probablemente soltaría.- Goodbye my lover, goodbye my friend you have been the one, you have been the one for me, goodbye my lover, goodbye my friend you have been the one, you have been the one for me… Sólo cantó hasta esa parte porque fue interrumpida por un desesperado abrazo que me acerqué velozmente a darle. Ella me respondió de igual manera y así nos quedamos un rato. -Lo siento…-fue lo único que pude decir mientras estaba cerca de su oído. -Nada…ya está olvidado- dijo secándome una lágrima- Yo sólo quiero que seas feliz, más que eso…quería ser la causa de tu felicidad…pero si no lo soy no puedo interponerme- sus palabras me volvieron a emocionar…definitivamente esta mujer valía oro. Vi la cara del animador algo confundido y bajamos del escenario de inmediato, el bar resonó en aplausos. Valentina y yo la acompañamos afuera, nosotras también nos íbamos. Mi Valen aún no podía articular palabra. Anabella la miró y le puso una mano en el hombro. -Cuídala…se merece la felicidad que tiene contigo.- Valen sólo movió la cabeza de arriba abajo muchas veces y Bella me dio una dulce mirada antes de subirse a su automóvil. Le tomé la mano a Valentina para caminar hacia donde la moto estaba estacionada. Anabella encendió en motor del auto, y al hacerlo automáticamente se prendió la radio y lo que sonó de alguna manera me incomodó, como si fuese un mal presagio… Sé que volverás el día en que ella te haga trizas sin almohadas para llorar- era el fragmento de la canción de Shakira- pero si te has decidido y no quieres más conmigo nada ahora puede importar, porque sin ti, el mundo ya me da igual; si te vas, si te vas… Fue lo último que alcancé a escuchar antes de ver su auto desaparecer en una curva.[Chapter 10] RiotIs: sí, yo también contenta por Pía y Valen! Y también soy fan de los Beatles, muy muy fan :D, Muchas gracias por comentar y por tus dos fics que son mi obsesión! Y que nueva palabra aprendiste leyéndome? XD Ladylibra10: Gracias! Y sí adivinaste el diálogo, te ganaste…unas felicitaciones de mi parte! XD (es que no tengo nada para premiar :P) Paxhunter13: Sí, a lo mejor después quede frígida :S …naa! Igual pobre, pero no le pasará nada y sí! Shakira de los 90, que viva esa Shakira! Yasliz: sí, la película era Imagine me and you, o rosas rojas en su doblaje ezzzpañol, La novia de la novia, en su doblaje mexicano, y imaginanos juntas en su traducción literal :P cualqueira sirve, también te ganaste mis felicitaciones, eres muy observadora! Jossy: sí…prometí un final felíz para Anabella, lo cumpliré! Y la canción es bien fuerte, por eso la amo, más por la letra que la melodía. GinebraRemyHadley: Pobrecita Bella…pero ella será feliz, ya verás luego de algunos caps más…o uno…dependiendo de su respuesta. Las líneas finales no las puse por casualidad, pero en estos últimos días entre en una disyuntiva al respecto. Gracias por comentar :D Idaly: Gracias! Cómo me gustaría a mi que fuese en tv! Pero yo dirigir eso si! XD lo hago pensándolo todo como si fuese la directora de la peli, por eso lo describo tan minucioso. A veces hasta desesperante! :P Valentona: Sí, me lo habías dicho! Y me alegra un montón que lo ames. :D Gracias por tus comentarios. Kdl94: Sí, algunas cosas son necesarias en la vida , Tal vez Anabella tenía que dejar ir a Pía para ser happy :D. Cómo le dije a GinebraRemyHadley, lo del presagio no lo puse porque si. Aunque tardará un poco. Sweetmoon: Gracias! XD todos mis animalitos son hermosos! Últimamente no me he conectado mucho a face, pero debo haberte aceptado porque acepto a todos los que me agregan…osea…a todas las chicas :P así que por ahí debes estar. Y lo otro XDDDDD te lo responderé abajito. Lessgirl: puta que me hiciste reír con tu comentario Clarisse! Ya hasta te imaginaba haciendo la reverencia, y no digas esas cosas del vodka, ves que me dejas como borracha con la chicas que me leen! XD te quiero tota enferma :P. Bueno, y antes que todo aclaro, para Sweetmoon y mi querida lessgirl XD! Que no soy alcohólica, ni me emborracho para escribir. Este nombre nació un día que estaba viendo A shot of love con Tila Tequila! Como una sátira a su nombre. Me dije \"bueno si ella es Tila Tequila entonces yo soy JackieVodka XD y eso es todo. Me gusta el vodka, pero no soy adicta :P Aclarado eso les quería hacer una preguntilla…bueno, la verdad es que puedo terminar el fic en el próximo capítulo con final feliz y todo. O podría seguir, muuuchos caps más. Pero ahí no puedo mantenerlas felices siempre…algo tiene que pasar. Y no aseguro el final feliz…bueno. Si lo aseguro, pero después de muchos sucesos, algunos muy penososos que ya están en mi mente, otros no planeados…así que eso…lo continúo con aquellos sucesos penonsos y dolororosos en el transcursos o lo termino en el próximo capítulo con happy ending? It's your choise! Llegamos al departamento un poco exhaustas, el día ciertamente había sido bastante pesado, pero el siguiente era domingo y no teníamos nada que hacer…bueno, yo tenía que cantar en la tarde, pero era un trabajo tan grato que ni trabajo se me hacía. Al llegar lo primero que hicimos fue echarnos pesadamente en el sofá, no hablamos por unos segundos, luego nos miramos y finalmente nos sonreímos satisfechas, tranquilas, serenas; como quien mira a la marea danzando suave después de haber vivido una tempestad. Le extendí mi mano y ella puso la suya sobre la mía; la apreté fuerte y se la besé lentamente. -Todo está bien ahora…- dije mientras veía como Pía cerraba los ojos a mi contacto. -Sí, casi no puedo creerlo, Anabella no tiene comparación!- Pía hablo con mucha sinceridad y normalmente un comentario así me hubiese molestado, pero no ahora, no con lo que acababa de pasar, no con la Anabella que acababa de descubrir. Yo en su lugar jamás hubiese actuado así. Yo creo que todo lo contrario...creo que yo no entendería razones como ella lo hizo; y solamente me quedaría pensando que me engañaron, entrando en un pozo de autocompasiones que finalmente me llevarían a culpar al mundo…sí, mi reacción hubiese sido muy distinta. Menos mal que no era yo la que estaba en aquella posición. Mientras me hundía en mis pensamientos no ejecuté palabra alguna, Pía tampoco lo hizo, pero este silencio extendido no era incómodo, era más bien necesario, para respirar, para pensar. Después de unos minutos, entre 4 y 5, me incorporé en el sillón y di un respirito muy audible para comenzar a hablar. -Bien? Qué hacemos ahora? Está tarde pero aún no quiero irme a dormir.-le dije con un tono travieso y la miré con las cejas erguidas. Ella me vio y sonrió generosamente antes de acercarse hasta a mí, y cuando nuestras bocas estaban casi a un milímetro de distancia ella me dijo. -No sé Valen, tú mientras piensa que a mí se me antojó un café- se separó con una sonrisa maliciosa y se dirigió a la cocina- quieres uno tú también?- Yo me quedé sentada exactamente con la misma posición y muy quieta respirando frustradamente. -No sé, tú como que calientas el café y después no te lo tomas!- le dije divertida agregando un sarcasmo a la frase. -Ay Valen! Ya te pareces a Teo, ese refrán es para la sopa – había entendido perfectamente lo que le quería decir- es \"calientas la sopa y después no te la tomas\"-decía ella mientras sacaba los granitos y los ponía en la cafetera. -jajaja! Sí, pero bien que sirve con el café, no? -Sí, pero es con sopa la cosa! Mejor pon un poco de música para amenizar el ambiente digo yo…!- me propuso al momento que comenzaba a preparar las tazas mientras la cafetera hacía su trabajo. -Bueno! Pondré la radio porque no sé dónde está mi disquetera.- Tomé el control del aparato, y sintonicé una radio cualquiera, estaba sonando \"El aprendiz\" de Alejandro Sanz, iba casi terminando. - La dejo ahí?- le pregunté a Pía. -Claro, está buena. -Okey, entonces ahí se queda- pero la canción de Sanz no tardó en terminar y le dio paso a otra que me encanta y que para la ocasión me sirvió muy bien. Ahí estaban los acordes sensuales y la voz profunda de Miguel Bosé con \"Morena Mía\" -Huy!-exclamé para mirarla inmediatamente, ella sonrió mirándome traviesa. Empecé cantando con Miguel. Morena Mía, voy a contarte hasta diez- cantaba acercándome a ella mientras le mostraba los diez dedos de mis manos- uno es el sol que te alumbra, dos tus piernas que mandan, somos tres en tu cama, tres…- quedé finalmente a su lado en la cocina y la tomé de la cintura para seguirle cantando- Morena mía, el cuarto viene después- ahora balanceaba 4 dedos por delante de sus ojos- cinco tus continentes , seis mis medias faenas de mis medios calientes- y muy cerca de su oído le dije seductora- sigo contando ahorita…- ella se me escabulló juguetona por el lado y caminó de espaldas hacia atrás mirándome y llamándome en silencio con su índice- bien, bien, bien, bien, bien, bien!- cantaba yo mientras me acercaba. Morena mía, siete son los pecados cometidos, suman ocho conmigo , nueve los que te cobro, más de diez he sentido- trataba de acercármele, pero mientras más caminaba ella más se alejaba, invitándome a corretearla en un juego de seducción interesante- Y por mi parte sobra el arte, lo que me das, dámelo, dámelo bien, un poco aquí un poco a quién- finalmente la alcancé después de haber dado una zancada gigante, o más bien ella se quedó quieta y me dejó alcanzarle; sin esperar más la besé con vehemencia mientras la canción seguía sonando- Cuando tu boca me toca, me toca, me pone y me provoca, me muerde y me destroza, toda siempre es poca- Pía me tenía atrapada la comisura inferior con sus dientes aplicando suficiente presión para volverme loca, yo jaloneaba, pero no podía zafarme- y muévete bien- finalmente me soltó y se separó de mi boca- que nadie como tú me sabe hacer café- y rápidamente ella se separó y volvió a la cocina a, precisamente servir café, mientras la veía caminar sacudí mis brazos para seguir cantando- Morena, gata , ay! Me mata- ella volvió la mirada y me vio con avidez- me mata y me remata, vamos pal infierno, pon que no sea eterno- No nos despagábamos los ojos de encima- suave bien, bien, que nadie como tú me sabe hacer café- Pía pasó su lengua por el labio superior mientras me miraba seria y tentadoramente, mientras yo me acercaba de manera rápida con las próximas estrofas- pero cuando tu boca me toca, me pone y me provoca, me muerde y me destroza toda siempre es poca- cantaba yo con un tono por demás muy erotizado y casi agitado- y muévete bien, bien, bien, que nadie como tú me sabe hacer, uh, café- terminé aquella parte para ponerme detrás de ella y amarrarla en un abrazo apretado por su espalda, Pía echó su cabeza hacia atrás y así nuestros rostros quedaron más juntos y la piel de nuestras mejillas ardiendo se podía tocar fácilmente. Morena mía- comencé muy cerca tan cerca de su oreja que hasta podía acariciarla con los labios mientras cantaba- si esto no felicidad, que baje Dios y lo vea, y aunque no se lo crea esto es gloria- La apreté con mis brazos y le di una mordidita a su oreja; la sentí estremecerse y soltar un suspiro- Y por mi parte pongo en arte lo que me das, dámelo, y dalo bien un poco así, un poco a quién?. Dejé a Miguel cantando solo, ya que en aquel momento la nuestro labios se encontraron sin derecho a treguas, aún la abrazaba por la espalda y mis manos recorrían su abdomen y sus senos por encima de la ropa mientras nos besábamos, ella llevó su mano por atrás de mi cuello. Pero cuando tu boca me toca me pone y me provoca, me muerde y me destroza, toda siempre es poca y muévete bien, que nadie como tú me sabe hacer café.- el café es lo que menos importaba ahora mismo. Yo sentía como la excitación me crecía dentro, y empezaba a impacientarme y a querer más, pero Pía parecía calmada; se separó suavemente, se dio vuelta, sonrió y puso su índice en mi nariz, y muy lento lo empezó a bajar, hasta mis labios, mi barbilla, mi cuello, y eso me estremeció aún más, sólo su índice rozando mi cuello! Su dedo siguió bajando, yo cerré mis ojos, se detuvo en mis pantalones. Rápidamente desabroché mi cinturón. Ella me rodeo y caminó hasta sentarse en el sofá, la seguí. Morena, gata ay! Me mata, me mata y me remata, vamos pal infierno, pon que no sea eterno, suave bien, bien, que nadie como tú me sabe hacer café.- Me senté a su lado y me acerqué para besarle, ella me detuvo poniendo su manos en mi frente y echándome para atrás mientras negaba pícaramente con la cabeza, me quedé expectante, no sabía que esperar. Ella casi sorpresivamente se paró para volver a sentarse, sólo que esta vez a horcajadas de mí, no sabía cómo actuar, poco a poco iba perdiendo las reglas del juego y pasaban a manos de mi compañera que ahora me tenía totalmente acorralada. Acorralada y babosa. Y es que cuando tu boca me toca, me pone y me provoca, me muerde y me destroza, toda siempre es poca y muévete bien, bien, bien, que nadie como tú me sabe hacer, uh café- Mi corazón latía tan fuerte que mi pecho se movía visiblemente de arriba hacia abajo, Pía tenía sus manos en mis hombros, yo rodeé su cintura con la mías, ella me miró – mmm mmm- me dijo a modo de negación; dirigió sus manos a su cintura, buscando las mías. Puso sus manos sobre las mías y mientras las dirigía un poco más arriba se acercó a mi oído, puso mis manos sobre sus senos para mi sorpresa –ahí es donde quiero que las tengas mi Valen- me dijo Pía con la voz más fascinante que alguna vez le hubiese escuchado. Bien, bien, bien, bien, bien, bien…café!- Por fin se acercó a mi boca con los ojos cerrados y no dudé en besarle con locura, mientras nuestras lenguas chocaban violentamente al ritmo ese compás apasionado que resonaba dentro de nuestros pechos. Me tomó del cuello y yo la acaricié dócilmente; se despegó de mis labios y bajo hasta mi cuello, primero la sentía dando tiernos besos, luego sentía su lengua hirviendo en el cuello y finalmente una seguidilla de mordidas combinada con besos- mmmhhh…!- fue la respuesta más sincera que pude darle. Era hora de tomar el control. Puse mis manos en su pecho y la eché para atrás, le regalé una sonrisa antes de levantar su chaleco y desaparecerlo de nuestro mundo en un instante. Bien, bien, bien, bien, bien, bien…café!- Un café que no olvidaré! No sé cómo fui a parar en mi cama, pero ahí desperté, con un cálido viendo soplando en mi oído; luego me di cuenta que aquel viento era el aliento de Pía que intentaba despertarme suavemente. Giré para encontrarme con su sonrisa, apoyé el peso de mi cabeza en mi brazo, usándolo como almohada. La miré y ella me sonrió mostrando sus perfectos dientes; alzó su mano y la llevó lentamente hasta mi mentón. -Como me encanta tu barbilla!- me dijo ella mientras la tocaba. - Mi barbilla? Y eso por qué?- pregunté alzando una ceja. -No sé- dijo mirando a los lados- es como grande, prominente, ay! No sé!- parpadeó- simplemente es alucinante! -Jajajaja! Es el cumplido más raro que me han dicho! - jeje! Bueno, yo soy un poco extraña- yo la miré y asentí divertida- tienes hambre? -Ahora que lo dices…sí, mi estómago cruje como nunca. – le dije con voz de bebé mientras hacía un pucherito. -Bueno, entonces traeré algo de comer mi bebita.- se sentó en la cama y empezó a buscar algo de ropa. -No, no te pongas ropa! -Cómo que no! – me preguntó riendo. -Vamos, estamos solas, anda así un rato, digo, para el disfrute del observador! -pervertida!- me dio un golpecito en la cabeza divertida- está bien, pero si yo lo hago tú lo haces también, dale? – me dijo apuntándome desafiante. -Dale! – le dije con una gran sonrisa mientras nos apretábamos las manos. Ella se paró primero, Dios! Que monumento de mujer! Nada en su cuerpo parecía al azar, todo parecía estar planeado para crear perfección en cada detalle, en cada mancha, en lada lunar, que cada curva…- desnuda que no habrá diseño que te quede mejor que de tu propia piel ajustada a tu figura…- era la canción de Ricardo Arjona que inevitablemente comenzaba a sonar en mi mente. -Oh! Valen! – exclamó sorpresivamente poniéndose una mano en la boca- son las 4:30! - Sí…y qué tiene, tienes…algo que hacer- Yo aún estaba embobada con su desnudez. – Ella me miró seria levantando una ceja. Y entonces caí en cuenta que debía estar en el trabajo en media hora más. Me paré de un salto y comencé a buscar algo de ropa. Nos vestimos y arreglamos en tiempo record. No alcanzamos a comer nada, probablemente nuestro estómago nos reclamaría después. Llegamos a Taylor justo a tiempo para la primera parte de mi show. Pía como siempre se sentó en primera fila sonriente. Una niña pasó vendiendo cartones para un juego de lotería que efectuarían después de mi acto. Para empezar canté \"Interstate love song\" ( amo esa canción con locura, tenía que incluir aunque fuese el nombre) de los Stone Temple Pilots, y luego seguí con Zombie, de The Cranberries, con esta última conseguí participación total del público presente, todos gritaban a todo pulmón aquel In your head, in your head, zombie, zombie, zombie \" algunos hasta alzaban su mano repetidamente mientras cantaban. Terminé con el primer acto y me bajé del escenario para sentarme junto a Pía. Empezó el juego de lotería y nosotras teníamos el cartón 19. Los demás premios ya se habían ido, sólo nos quedaba jugar por el cartón lleno. Nos faltaba sólo el número 74, hace rato ya y no salía, yo apretaba los puños sobre la mesa del nerviosismo. Estos juegos siempre me ponen tensa. 74! -Aquí!- grité con todas mis fuerzas. Pía me miró sorprendida y luego se echó a reír. Yo le di un empujoncito en la espalda. Revisaron el cartón, todo estaba en orden. Se paga. Pero qué gran premio! Una tele! Y de esas con pantalla plasma! Abracé a Pía eufórica. -Ahora podremos arrendar pelis, para verlas juntitas- le dije tomando su cara y al mismo tiempo parándome para comenzar mi segundo acto. Subí al escenario, una canción más. Quería cantar When I see you smile, para dedicársela a Pía; pero mi repertorio cambió drásticamente al ver a mi mamá y a mi hermana entrar al bar.[Chapter 11] Yasliz: Sí, pero es un tema pendiente que debe ser resuelto el de la familia. Gracias por seguir leyendo! Kdl94: Jajaja! Sí, creo que el romanticismo y la sensualidad son inseparables! Y bueno…lo otro, depende de que consideres como una infidelidad. Gracias por tus reviews! GinebraRemyHadley: Jajaja, gracias! Yo amo la canción, como muchas de Bosé, ese hombre tiene algo medio sexy, digo, en la voz XD. Que emoción otro One-shot! Casi no puedo esperar para leerlo…y el fic largo, lo estás escribiendo todo de una sola vez? Debe ser mucho trabajo, no? Aún así como ansias :P y ten por seguro que los leerté :D RiotIs: Gracias, prometo solemnemente que Calientina tendrá participación activa =D y también me agradó mucho hablar contigo! Eres un ente sensacional :P Valentona: Jajajaja siii! La morenaza Pía! Yo la ví, me la imagina toda babosa en aquel sillón…! :P Gracias por los \"muaks\" me los guardo cerquita del pecho :D Ciegazul: Jajaja! El soundtrack! Bueno, la verdad es que al terminar el fic planeaba hacer un post con todas las canciones que ocupé! Jajaja y abajito le pondré \"JackieVodka Producciones\" Paxhunter13: Jajaja Piadosa…como que no mucho es verdad :P jajaj y el café me encanta, me tomo una taza sagrada diaria, pero desde que escribí esté capítulo siempre me canto alguno versillos de Bosé mientras recuerdo los jugueteos de Valen y Pía jeje! Ladylibra10: Gracias por tus reviews y por seguir leyéndome! Jossy: sí, es la magia de la literatura! xD mi radio tampoco hace eso…ojalá lo hiciera! Gracias por todos tus reviews tan efusivos como siempre. Te prometo que trataré de escribir más capítulos como estos, que parecen que gustan mucho. O de revelaciones como el de mi historia entre tus dedos ;) Y bueno, para comunicado oficial tomé mi decisión y no terminaré este fic! Estos últimos días de flojera (siento mucho la tardanza, pero me compraron juguetito nuevo y no puedo dejar de usarlo! Mis bíceps están más bellos que nunca jeje!) tuve un atacazo artístico XD y miles de ideas se me vinieron a la mente para continuarlo, así que no hacerlo sería un crimen. Esta actualización la tenía pensada para anoche…pero hubo un apagón general en la cuidad y se me chingó el plan. Más bien se me corrió un día…pero mañana como a esta hora (5:33 am) subiré el primer capítulo del otro fic en el cual estoy trabajando \"Aún así me amas?\". Es una apuesta un poco arriesgada, pero creo que la sabrán apreciar. Ah! Y en este capítulo hago uso de un película llamada Prayers for Bobby, (la que te comenté RiotIs) Es una hermosísima película, que no han visto les recomiendo lo hagan. .com/watch?v=vs4RfuHvTvk Parecía que Valen iba a empezar a cantar, pero súbitamente vi que le decía algo al oído al animador y bajaba del escenario en dirección a la puerta, volteé para ver qué era lo que la había interrumpido y un escalofrío fugaz pasó por mi cuerpo al advertir la presencia de su hermana y su mamá. Me paré inmediatamente para acompañar a mi Valientina, sabía que necesitaría de apoyo en aquel momento. -Qué hacen aquí?- dijo Valentina al momento en que me ponía detrás de ella. -Qué, tú tienes cola?- Reclamó su hermana mirándome. Valentina no había notado mi presencia detrás de ella, volteó la cabeza, me sonrió brevemente y me tomó de la mano jalándome para ponerme a su lado. - No, no tengo cola. Tengo a alguien que me ama de verdad, por lo que soy, a pesar de todo lo que soy, lo malo y lo bueno.-Dijo decidida apretándome la mano, me erguí orgullosa. - Ay Valentina! Qué cosas dices! Como si nosotras no te quisiéramos!- exclamó su mamá. -Bueno y qué! No me van a decir a qué han venid? Qué más quieren decirme, eh? No les bastó con todo lo que me dijeron ayer- No sabía nada de la conversación entre ellas el día anterior, sólo que no había sido grata- No les basto con \"asquerosa\", \"enferma\", \"vergüenza de hija\"? vergüenza debería darles a ustedes, porque, saben qué? Tienen una enfermedad en la cabeza, sí- decía Valentina descontroladamente mientras asentía, su hermana y su mamá solo miraban asombradas- Las enfermas son ustedes, que tienen una cerrazón en la cabeza, no les permite ver más allá de sus propias narices! -Hay Valentina, no hemos venida acá a decirte nada! Tú ya elegiste tu estilo de vida. Nosotras sólo pasábamos por acá, queríamos tomarnos unos tragos, fue una casualidad. Una bien amarga, por cierto. Adiós hermanita- dijo esta última palabra con un tono muy ácido y sarcástico. Valentina estaba tiritando, no hacía frío. Tal vez era tristeza, o tal vez era la rabia. -Esperen, no se vayan todavía- dijo Valentina para sorpresa de las tres- quiero dedicarles la próxima canción- dijo para soltarme la mano e inmediatamente caminar a escenario, ellas se quedaron ahí paradas; Valentina le dio una instrucción al animador al oído, él puso la pista que Valen le pedía. Y sonó aquella guitarra eléctrica con la canción \"How soon is now?\", originalmente de los Smiths, aunque esta guitarra parecía ser el cover del dueto t.A.T.u. ( amo a los Smiths pero específicamente de esta canción prefiero el cover) I'm the son, I'm the heir- empezó Valentina mirando a su \"familia\"- of a shyness that is criminal vulgar, I´m the son and heir of nothing in particular- su hermana la miraba incrédula, yo la veía orgullosa- You shout your mouth, how can you say- canto apuntándole con el dedo a su hermana- I go about things the wrong way, I´m a human and I need to be loved- me miró y a pesar de todo me sonrió- Just like everybody else does.(x2) There's a club if you like to go, you could meet somebody who really loves you- Su mamá se sentó haciendo el teatrito como si se sintiera mal, eso no desanimó la canción de mi roja preciosa- so you go and you stand on your own, and you live on your own,- probablemente con aquellas palabras quería hacerle ver a su mamá que si seguía en aquella postura se iba a terminar quedando muy sola- and you go home and you cry and you want to die. When you say it's gonna happen \"now\", what exactly do you mean? Se I've already waited too long and all my hope is gone. You shout your mouth, how can you say I go about things the wrong way- Su hermana le echaba aire a su mamá mientras seguía viéndola de reojo.- I'm a human and I need to be loved, just like everybody else does. Las últimas notas sonaron y después de agradecerle a la multitud, que al parecer no había notado el percance familiar y el significado un poco subliminal de la canción, bajó del escenario y me tomó de la mano dirigiéndome hasta donde estaba su progenitora. Se quedó parada frente a ellas un rato, mirándolas como si esperance alguna respuesta, alguna palabra…sólo la más mínima muestra de aceptación o de amor. -No tengo nada que decirte. Adiós Valentina- sentenció su mamá, su hermana asintió a su lado y sentí un casi imperceptible estremecimiento recorrer el cuerpo de mi amor; aquellas palabras también me pegaron y un gran frío se apoderó de mi cuerpo. -Bien…- dijo Valentina asintiendo descontroladamente y dirigiéndose a la salida a paso rápido casi arrastrándome. Di vuelta la cabeza para ver una vez más el rostro de aquellas mujeres; miré a su madre, su expresión era dura y fría. Evitó mi mirada, pero sabía que la estaba viendo, estoy segura. Su hermana, caso contrario, sí me miró, aunque sólo fue un efímero vistazo despectivo lo que me dirigió. Esa noche no habíamos ido en la moto, por el retraso que tuvimos, al salir sólo hicimos parar un taxi; eso es lo que Valen hacía, sólo levantaba su dedo automáticamente, tenía la mirada perdida. Un taxi se paró, abrí la puerta de atrás y me quedé a un lado, esperando que ella entrara. -Espera Valentina- Era Tomás, el animador de Taylor cargando una gran caja con un poco de dificultad- se les olvida su premio! -Ah! Sí…gracias!- le dije rascándome un poco la cabeza- estamos un poco despistadas hoy.- me ayudo a meterlo en la cajuela y se fue después de desearnos suerte. En el camino Valentina no pronunció palabra alguna, intentaba mirarle pero ella estaba pegada en la ventada del taxi. Le tomé la mano, quería que sintiera mi apoyo; ella me miró inmediatamente al sentir el contacto, pero sólo me dirigió una media sonrisa amarga para voltear nuevamente. Al llegar al departamento nos quedamos inmóviles después de haber cruzado la puerta. -Valen, yo… -Instalemos esto!- Me interrumpió ella fingiendo entusiasmo. No quise insistir y le ayude con el gran televisor. Lo pusimos en la sala, al lado del equipo de música. Tuvimos que correrlo un poco para que todo cupiera. Afortunadamente para nosotras una conexión ilegal de cable estaba ahí desde que llegamos. Nunca la quitamos porque no creímos que fuese necesario, fue una buena decisión. La instalamos sin problema y en un dos por tres tuvimos una imagen nítida e impecable, eso agregado a 65 canales gratis podría darle felicidad a muchos, mas no a mi Valen, no en este momento. -Quiere ver una peli? Digo, para probar esta cosa- sugirió Valentina mostrando desinterés. - Claro, iré a preparar un cafecito para acompañar mientras tú le haces un zapping a la tele. -Huy! No! Café no, mira que el café es peligroso!- Exclamó ella cambiando de semblante y caminando hacia donde estaba yo. Me tomó en un tierno abrazo y me miró con amor. - No hermosa, el café no es peligroso, la peligrosa soy yo- le dije mientras arqueaba las cejas repetidamente y le sonreía seductora. - Ah, sí? Entonces tengo que irme con cuidado?- me preguntó levantando una ceja y mordiéndose la comisura inferior al segundo después. -Mmm- le afirmé moviendo la cabeza- con mucho cuidado…!- le advertí apuntándole con el índice cerca de su cara, Valentina hizo ademán de morderme jugueteando, alcancé a alejar mi dedo y me separé de ella entre risas- Mejor pon la película y yo llevaré Coca-cola en vez de café, para que no te tientes!. -Qué? Pero si la sopa ya estaba tibia Pía- dijo riendo frustradamente. Yo me tape la boca para reír a carcajadas por su comentario- sí…ríe no más si ya te dije! Siempre haces lo mismo- me reclamó divertida mientras tomaba el control remoto de la tele para sintonizar un canal. -Pero que mal hablada eres! como si ayer hubiese sido así!- Valentina pasaba los canales mientras me miraba, no se fijaba en lo que había en la tele- Voy a ser así para que después reclames con razón- le dije actuando, como si estuviese enojada. -No! – exclamo en medio de una carcajada- si era solo una broma, que tú de calientasopas no tienes nada!- dijo pestañeando exageradamente y poniendo cara de niña buena. -Además- agregué continuando con mi defensa- No podemos hacer eso todos los días, que si no se nos desencanta la relación- le dije mientras ponía cubitos de hielo en los vasos. - Serás tú, porque yo no me desencanto de ti por nada del mundo- empezó de nuevo picarona acercándose a mí y volteándome para que la viera. Este tipo de juegos nos hacía olvidarnos del mundo por momentos, eso parecía ser lo que Valentina necesitaba. Además sus técnicas de seducción funcionaban bien conmigo, hasta me daban ganas de tomarme la sopa. Debe ser natural pienso yo, estábamos empezando nuestra relación, bueno… este tipo de relación que teníamos que no tenía nombre. La miré lamiéndome los labios y lentamente me puse en la boca aquel cubo de hielo que segundos atrás sostuviera en mis manos. Valentina sonrió e inmediatamente acercó su boca a la mía para llevar a cabo la \"sustracción\", por así decirlo. Lo estaba logrando con éxito, sentí el rocé de su labios helados en los míos y creo que me estremecí un poco. Sacó el hielo pero a los pocos segundos se le cayó, entrando en mi chaleco y quedando atrapado en mi pecho. -Ay! – exclamé al sentir la fría agua condensada en la tibieza de mi cuerpo. -No se preocupe señorita!- exclamo Valen como su fuese un rescatista- yo la rescataré se su suplicio!- lentamente fue dejando pequeños beso en mi cuello para llegar hasta el lugar del hielo, yo sonreía entre suspiros. Una vibración y el sonido de Je T' aime Moi Non Plus nos trajo de vuelta al mundo real. Nos separamos bruscamente al asustarnos cuando el aparato vibró. Valentina buscó en su bolsillo. -Ni modo- le dije metiendo mi mano en mi chaleco para completar el trabajo que ella no había alcanzado a hacer- Oye, cuando fue que pusiste ese ringtone? – le pregunté burlándome. - Esta mañana- me respondió ella guiñándome un ojo antes de contestar.- Sí?...Hey! hola Moca!... qué? Mañana? …sí, sí, no tengo problemas, No sé Pía, mañana es lunes y le toca trabajar…sí, sí sé que es de noche!...- Por las palabras de Valentina supuse que Ignacio la estaba invitando a alguna celebración especial con Adela y por supuesto todas las chicas, así que para que Valen no tuviese duda de mi asistencia le agité mis dos pulgares cerca de la cara para que entendiera que sí iría a pesar del trabajo- Ah, sí, dice que sí…entonces a qué hora?...ya listo! Ahí nos vemos, te cuidas…gracias, adiós! - Qué decía Ignacio? -Que mañana harán una fiesta Adela y él en su casa, habló de anunciar algo!- dijo ella entusiasmada- A mi me huele a Matrimonio o a hijos! - Uy , yo no sé que esperar, y estarán todas ahí?- le dije mientras cambiaba los canales de la tele para ver si encontraba algo bueno. -Sí, dijo que a la única que le faltaba avisarle era a Marissa, pero que luego le llamaba. Va a ir Emiliano también, imagínate su encuentro con Greta! - Uy Emi! Hace tanto que no le veo! Cómo lo extraño!- exclamé sinceramente. A pesar de todo Emiliano siempre fue un muy buen amigo que ya no estaba en mi vida por razones bastante aparentes, pero sí extraña su compañía y nuestras conversaciones nocturnas. Valen abrió mucho los ojos y levanto la ceja izquierda al escucharme. -Cuidadito, eh? No vaya a ser que se te despierte el lado heterosexual!- me regañó riendo. -Jajajaja! Sabes que no! Sabes que yo sólo soy Valensexual- Le dije armando aquel juego de palabras que quería decir que me gustaba nada más ella. Una explosión de risa le invadió le cuerpo. - jajajajajaja! Valensexual! Pero que ocurrencias Pía! Entonces si tu eres una Valensexual yo que soy? Píasexual?- me preguntó con sus manos en el estómago que supongo ya le dolía de tanto reírse. -mmm…no! Más bien tú eres una Calientina! – le dije traviesa mientras caminaba hacia el sillón. -Cómo que Calientina!- pronunció ella entre risas- Mejor vaya a sentarse!- me ordenó dándome una nalgada. - Hey!- le dije sorprendida- No que no Calientina! Ese rato de bromas y seducciones fue muy ameno y creo que le ayudó a Valentina con el peso que cargaba. -Deja ese!- le pedí cuando vi en la tele a esos dos Barcos en guerra en medio de un remolino- son los Piratas de Caribe en el fin de mundo! - ah? - La 3 Valen- le expliqué al ver que no entendía por el nombre entero de la película. Aunque estaba ya en la parte del clímax disfrutamos aquel momento viéndola; ella se apoyó en mi pecho para ver la tele abrazaditas y de a ratos cuando se ponía cursi la cosa con Will y Elizabeth, nos besábamos brevemente para hacerle honor a la atmósfera. La película terminó. -Vamos a acostarnos?- sugerí intentando levantarme. -No, espera- me dijo reteniéndome- déjame echarle una última miradita - Ok, espero- acepté acariciándole los cabellos. Se quedó pegada viendo una escena de una película que no conocía. Había una familia aparentemente feliz comiendo pizza en la sala, uno de sus hijos estaba comunicando su decisión de irse a vivir a otro lado porque había conocido a alguien. Su familia comenzó a molestarlo picaronamente, el luego él dijo \"un chico\" y el semblante de todos cambió al instante. Sentí la mano de Valentina apretarme la pierna en un impulso nervioso. Tal vez seguir viendo la tele no era buena idea. La mamá del chico se hizo la desentendida y comenzó a recoger los platos como si su hijo no hubiese dicho nada, el chico la siguió a la cocina y comenzaron una discusión sobre el hecho de que él fuera Gay. Después de reñir un rato vino la frase célebre de parte de él \"acéptame como soy u olvídame!\" , ella le dijo que no quería tener un hijo gay, \"entonces, mamá, ya no tienes un hijo…\" , \"adiós\" fue la respuesta de la madre. Y de pronto comencé a sentir unos dolorosos sollozos. Rápidamente le presione el botón de mute en la tele y abracé con fuerza a Valentina, quién se aferró a mí como una niña pequeña. No necesitaba decirme nada, yo ya sabía la causa de su llanto. Y en mi posición sólo podía abrazarla, las palabras no me llegaban. Me sentía tan impotente de ver a mi amor ahí desolada entre mis brazos…y yo no podía hacer nada para calmar su dolor. -Vamos a la cama- Le recomendé. Ella asintió y lentamente nos paramos para encaminarnos al cuarto. Ahí en el lecho la arrullé y le acaricié el cabello hasta que se quedó dormida. No tardó mucho. Vi que la luz de la sala se había quedado encendida y me levanté a apagarla. La tele también se había quedado prendida y la iba a apagar, pero al ver al chico bajando de su auto en un puente no pude evitar sentarme y sacarle el mute a la tele. Muchos Flashes pasaban por su mente, su madre diciéndole que era un pecado, que no era natural, la relación con su familia que parecía perfecta, una chica, un chico, y él del otro lado del puente preparándose para saltar. Los flashes seguían cada vez eran más rápidos hasta que se detuvieron en la escena que acababa de ver con Valen \"Yo no quiero tener un hijo gay\" luego de recordar eso el joven se lanzó al vacío sin pensarlo dos veces. No la seguí viendo, pues escuché la voz de Valentina llamándome. Apagué las luces y la tele. -Donde te habías ido?- Reclamó Valentina casi como zombie de lo somnolienta que estaba. -Estaba apagando las luces- le dije mientras me ponía a su lado y abrazaba su cintura. -No me dejes sola…- fue lo último que alcanzó a decir antes de volver a caer en el encantamiento del sueño. - Nunca… - le dije dándole un beso en la frente para disponerme a dormir yo también. Abrí los ojos y no estaba junto a Valentina en la cama. Estaba yo en una caja muy grande que no tenía ninguna puerta de salida, al frente mío había un cristal, no sabía que estaba haciendo allí, pero me desesperaba no poder salir, miraba a todos lados pero al frente del cristal sólo se veía un puente y la cuidad nocturna. Trataba de romper el vidrio, pero era inútil. De pronto una moto apareció detrás del cristal y de ella se bajó la razón de mi vida. Le gritaba pero no me escuchaba, me desesperé… caminó por el puente unos segundo y a la mitad se detuvo. Cruzó hacía el otro lado, como si quisiese lanzarse al vacío, comencé a sentir la desesperación en mí y golpeaba con más fuerza aquel cristal. Ella miró al cielo, extendió los brazos y se dejó caer… -No! Valentina no!- grité parándome de un saltó en la cama. A mi lado se paró Valen asustadísima. -Que no qué? Que no qué? – decía nerviosa mientras me tomaba el rostro entre las manos y me sentí más aliviada que nunca al sentirla a mi lado. -Nada, nada…perdón, debe haber sido un sueño. -Mmm…más bien pesadilla, porque despertaste gritando- me dijo ella mientras acariciaba mis mejillas. -Supongo- le dije regalándole una sonrisa- pero no recuerdo ahora… Hey ya está claro! Qué hora es? -Son las 6:30- dijo Valen consultando el reloj que estaba colgado en la muralla. -Parezco despertador! Ya me tengo que levantar Valen. Sigue durmiendo tú si quieres. -Ok…sí, creo que me hace falta… Antes de irme contemple a mi amor una vez más mientras dormía, deposité un beso en su nuca y le agradecí a Dios, si es que había uno, el tenerla conmigo. Estuve distraída toda la mañana en el hotel, gente iba y venía y yo sólo podía contestar con monosílabos. Tenía que hacer algo por Valen, además mi sueño de la noche anterior me había dejado muy preocupada. No pensaba que ella se fuese a suicidar ni nada por el estilo, pero en cierta forma tal vez una parte de ella si estaba muriendo debido al rechazo de su familia. Aquello también me pegó duro, aunque yo ni siquiera tenía una madre que me rechazara. No sé que era peor. Pero lo cierto es que el asunto con mi mamá poco me importaba en esos momentos. Estaba decidida, iría a hablar con la mamá de Valentina. A la hora de comer emprendí mi camino. Cuando nos mudamos la acompañé una vez a su, ahora, antigua casa a recoger unas cosas; no recordaba con exactitud la dirección, pero con cierta dificultad pude llegar. Toqué el timbre y a los pocos segundos su hermana se asomó por la puerta y al verme su gesto fue una mezcla de sorpresa y desagrado. -Qué haces aquí tú?- me preguntó sosteniendo la puerta con recelo. -No les quitaré mucho tiempo, sólo quiero hablar con la mamá de Valentina. -Mi mamá no está, pierdes tu tiempo.- trató de cerrar la puerta, pero la sostuve. -Por favor, sólo será un minuto. -Déjala pasar- escuché a alguien hablar detrás de ella- quiero ver que tiene que decir.- La hermana de Valentina abrió la puerta sin ganas dejando ver a su madre a sus espaldas. - Señora…yo…yo vengo a pedirle que trate de entender un poco más a Valentina- le dije sin rodeos. -Y cómo quieres que yo entienda eso, ah? No es natural, es una abominación! - Pero cómo puede decir eso de su propia hija!- le dije incrédula- que no la quiere ni un poquito? -Claro que la quiero!- me gritó- crees que a mí no me duele? Que dejarla ir es fácil para mi?- Agitaba los brazos violentamente mientras algunas lágrimas se le escapaban. - Entonces no lo haga- mi miró confundida- No la deje ir. - No podemos aceptar el estilo de vida que eligió!- Dijo su hermana. - Esto no se elije, solamente pasa y ya!- Les aclaré a ambas. -Cómo que no se elije? Hasta en la biblia dice que está mal!- replicó su mamá defendiendo su opinión. - Eso es algo que ha inventado el hombre, la sociedad- me defendí- Estoy segura de que Dios ve solamente el amor en las personas, y todos los que condenan la homosexualidad también condenan al amor. Desde mi punto de vista eso sí es cruel! -Qué? Quieres que me convenza de que la atrocidad que tú y Valentina hacen es correcta a los ojos de Dios? A los ojos de la gente.- me desafió la madre. -Hablando de ojos, señora- La miré y vi el color de sus pupilas- Qué haría usted si el día de mañana le dijeran que tener los ojos café es un pecado y es asqueroso?- ella calló unos segundos, pensó, sentí una pequeña chispita de victoria en mi interior. -Me compro lentes de contacto!- interrumpió la hija. -Correcto!- le dije- todos te verían los ojos de otro color. En la calle nadie notaría que son cafés. Pero no por eso dejarán de serlo. Siempre serán iguales aunque trates de esconderlo! No pueden pedirle a alguien que cambie parte de su identidad sólo porque a ustedes no les agrada. Sobre todo si estamos hablando de alguien a quien aman. De una hija…- La mamá de Valentina no se aguantó más y estalló en llanto; la hija la abrazó y me miró con desprecio. - Ves lo que has logrado? Qué esperabas? Que te recibiéramos con los brazos abiertos y pusiéramos una foto tuya y de mi hermana en el álbum familiar? -No…-dije mirando al suelo y negando con la cabeza- Y no busco que me quieran a mí. Busco que la quieran a ella. Señora- le dije viéndola, ella me devolvió la mirada- Valentina las ama, no deje que estos estúpidos prejuicios le hagan perder a una hija. Reconozca su amor ahora, que mañana puede ser muy tarde…- Dije para finalmente marcharme. Supuse que me iba a ir mejor, pero por lo menos ya no estaba con el peso de la impotencia sobre el cuerpo. Por lo menos había hecho todo lo que estaba en mis manos. Al llegar al hotel le llamé a Valentina al celular pero no contestó. Lo hice varias veces durante la tarde, pero el resultado era el mismo. Me empecé a asustar, tal vez era paranoia, pero es que a veces yo presiento cosas…y tal vez aquel sueño…no! No podía ser. Corrí rápidamente a la puerta de salida, 7:30 justo mi hora de partir. Estaba aterrada de que algo le pudiese haber pasado a Valentina. De pronto el sonido retumbante de una moto me hizo detenerme. Ahí estaba ella, y parecía más llena de vida que nunca. Creo que el rostro no me alcanzaba para la sonrisa que tenía en él. Ella bajó del vehículo, se quitó el casco y caminó hacia mí para apretarme en un abrazo casi asfixiante. -Gracias…- me murmuró emocionada en el oído. Yo aún sorprendida le pregunté -Por qué? -Mi mamá me llamó hace unas horas…vengo de su casa.- me dijo con los ojos cristalinos y una sonrisa de niña pequeña. -En serio?- Le pregunté suspicaz. Realmente no me lo creía.- Y qué te dijo? -Es largo de contar…pero para fines prácticos me aceptó como soy…- dijo mientras sus ojos brillaban más que el sol- y sabes qué? – la miré con cara de interrogante- Quiere que vayamos a cenar a su casa este miércoles.- dijo mientras me daba un casco para que me subiera a la moto. -Wow! Pero cómo…? Las dos? -Las dos!- exclamó al subirse a la moto. Me subí detrás de ella. -Donde vamos ahora? – le pregunté antes de que partiéramos. -A casa de Adela! Se te olvidó lo de la fiesta?[Chapter 12] Jossy: Sí era un tema necesario de abordar y también necesario de cerrar en la historia de las chicas, me alegra mucho que te haya gustado :) . Ah! Y una vez en una lotería de la iglesia una señora se ganó un plasma, me sorprendió pero así fue. RiotIs: Sí ha de ser muy triste, pero lo más triste es que esa es una realidad que muchos tienen que vivir, algunos toda su vida. Y también me cargan los comentarios de la Biblia, pero son muy comunes ¬¬, y que bueno que te gustase el capítulo, sé que a muchas les llegó aunque sea un poquito :D , este capítulo es más light, como para reírse. Y How son is now? es la canción que más me gusta de t.A.T.u. y me gustan muchas! xD genial la canción! Yasliz: Claro, yo tampoco creo en las religiones, han cometido demasiadas atrocidades en nombre de Dios. En él sí creo, como un ente libre eso sí, jajaj My personal Jesus :P y morí de la risa con eso de que Pía no es calientasopas sino que Valentina es muy Calentina! Zucpeque: Lo de la familia lo dejamos para el próximo capítulo que este se me alargó mucho. Y \"Aún así me amas?\" no es el nombre de este capítulo, es el nombre del otro fan fic que estoy escribiendo, que espero que también leas ;) Kdl94: Jajaja! Sí a mí también me encantó cuando se me ocurrió y eso fue en el mismo instante que estaba escribiendo la escena, se me prendió una ampolletita en la cabeza! xD No te preocupes, sólo tenía que cerrar la historia de la familia por eso fue rápido, el drama se viene, pero no va por ahí la cosa…es un poco más complejo que eso. Rami: Siento haberte hecho esperar tanto. Pero aquí hay un nuevo capítulo y gracias por seguirme a pesar de que me ponga flojita y no escriba. Valentona: Jajaja, el café tampoco es igual para mí y sí, soy orgullosamente una Píasexual también o una . XD . Más Muaks para mi colección, yeah! Karito: Gracias por tu review, y ten fe que algún día la gente en el mundo va a cambiar :) Ladylibra10: Gracias por tus reviews, es un placer leerlos :D GinebraRemyHadley: Sí, siempre trato de ponerle un poquito de todo para aligerar las cosillas :) y es verdad, yo también siempre he pensado que la hermana de Valentina manipula a la mamá! El drama dramón está concretamente en dos capítulos más, este y el siguiente son el desarrollo para el drama :) . Y bueno…todas nosotras aún esperando tu trabajo, nos haces esperar más que yo! :P, pero estoy segura que la espera valdrá la pena! Paula: Por fin terminé este capítulo luego del bloqueo Grosso que te conté! Espero que te guste ;D Paxhunter13: Espero que las canciones de este capítulo te gusten también :) y espero no perder la esencia de los personajes a medida que vayan transcurriendo los demás capítulos. Gracias por todos tus comentarios! MariC: Aquí está la continuación, espero que te guste, gracias por comentar! :D Idaly: Escribí un nuevo capítulo! Sorpresa! :D que bueno que me sigas, y dile a ciegazul que no sea tacaña con sus reviews , que sé que ella me lee :P y me encantan sus comentarios. Gracias por pasarte a comentar y por los mensajes en twitter :) Bueno! Sé que me tarde demasiaaaado, espero me perdonen, pero tuve un bloqueo mental muy grande estos días! Parece que ya se me pasó :D! espero que disfruten este capítulo y es importante que la segunda canción la escuchen al leer esa parte de la narración, porque la letra no es importante, es la música para darle el ambiente! Bueno, esa es mi sugerencia, disfrútenlo, creo que está bien light. Pero no se confíen, que es sólo un preámbulo. Ah! Y en la segunda canción también debo comentarles que no en \"tiempo real\" digo…no es como que suena la canción y los hecho relatador pasan mientras la canción suena…es más bien como en técnicas de cine…a ver… como pasa con \"give one more Chance\" en la quinta temporada de The L Word, si lo recuerdan? Bueno, en pocas palabras es como resumir la fiesta en una canción xD! Me encantaba esa sensación, esa de tener a Pía abrazándome apretadamente de la espalda mientras la brisa fresca chocaba en mi cara haciéndome cerrar un poquito los ojos, cuando íbamos en la moto. Se sentía cómodo, como si nada más existiese y estuviésemos en paz con nosotras mismas…pero al parecer lo estábamos, bueno, yo por lo menos si lo estaba. Aún no podía creer la aceptación de mi mamá; cuando me besó la frente y me dijo \"te quiero hija\", creo que me sentí más amada por ella que nunca antes, y después de compartir 18 años a su lado este era el gesto más amoroso y sincero que tenía conmigo. Pareciera que el pecho se me había hecho chiquito porque mucho quería salírseme de allí. Al parecer la felicidad plena me estaba llegando y tantos que buscan eso! Mi Pía era todo eso para mí, era la felicidad que todo buscan y ella me había regalado, le agradecí a la vida por eso. Y luego me sentía con una sensación de estar completa, totalmente completa. Esto me daba un poco de miedo, nunca antes me había sentido así. Todo parecía tan perfecto, como una de esas piezas de cristal que adornan los lugares más elegantes…tan hermosos, tan pulcros, tan sublimes; pero si se caen…si se caen se rompen. Ese era principalmente el miedo que me invadía; seríamos capaces de resistirlo todo sin caer? Traté de apartar estos pensamientos de mi mente y concentrarme en la ruta para llegar a casa de Adela. Pía no hablaba, creo que también se perdía en sus pensamientos tal como yo lo hacía unos momentos atrás. No sabía que esperar de esta fiesta, pero tenía mucha ansiedad por saber cuál sería el motivo, parecía ser algo muy importante, por el carácter de privado que tenía…digo, no era el gran fiestón, estaríamos sólo los amigos más cercanos. Matrimonio o hijos era lo único que se me venía a la mente. Aunque dudaba un poco ya que Adela no era de las personas que les guste seguir reglas de la sociedad, como casarse y esas cosas, era como hacer lo que todos los otros hacían, y si algo sabía de mi amiga es que ella siempre ha nadado contra la corriente. Llegamos al edificio en donde vivían Adela e Ignacio, no era muy alto, sólo 5 pisos; ellos vivían en el piso 4. En el ascensor Pía y yo intercambiamos miradas cómplices y coquetas. Llegamos hasta la puerta número 39 sólo dos golpecitos y al instante se abrió con Adela y su nachitos abrazados y muy sonrientes. -Valen, Pía! Pasen, han llegado casi de las primeras!- decía Adela muy efusiva. -Gracias, gracias!- exclamaba Pía entrando antes que yo, le di el paso ya que siempre he sido muy caballera…bueno, si es que eso existía. El departamento de Adela y Nachito era grande, más grande que el nuestro; tenía las paredes blancas y una elegante cocina americana, con unas copas colgadas desde arriba, lo que le daba el aspecto de un bar. No había muchos muebles, lo que me pareció extraño pues la última vez que había estado aquí el lugar parecía estar más lleno. Sólo habían dos sillones negros grandes, y muchas fiacas regadas por los lados. En la mesa principal no habían sillas, pero sí que había alcohol sobre ella, mucho alcohol y una bandejita con brownies. -Y quienes vienen?- Volteé y le pregunté a los chicos. -Pues…todos! Vienen Nina, Greta, Marissa, Piti, Fatu, Axl, Emiliano, Brenda, y Anabella, que ya está aquí- dijo haciéndome un ademán con la cabeza indicándome que Bella estaba en la cocina. Miré a Pía quien inmediatamente dibujó una gran sonrisa en su rostro y se dirigió a la cocina. -Bella!- gritó Pía. Su ex apareció inmediatamente desde dentro de la cocina y tenía la misma sonrisa gigante en los labios, extendió los brazos y Pía corrió a ellos. Se abrazaron largo y tendido mientras se hablaban bajito al oído, tanto que no alcancé a escuchar. Sabía que no debía molestarme, después de todo lo que había pasado estaba claro que lo que había entre ellas era una simple amistad. Sin embargo la naturaleza humana me ganaba y empezaba a sentir eso que te aprieta el estomago y un enojo que me subía por el cuerpo. Apreté lo puños e intenté disimularlo, bien sabía que no iba a lugar y me iba a ver muy ridícula si me manifestaba. - No se detengan por mi!- se me escapó de los labios aquella frase llena de sarcasmo. Pía se separó de Anabella y volteó a mirarme un poco sorprendida, pero no me dijo nada. Bella no lo notó. - Tranquila Valen- me dijo Adela en voz baja mientras me tocaba un hombro- que esa mujer es todo tuya y lo sabes!- Ignacio rió a su lado y yo también me contagié. Los celos desaparecieron rápidamente, Pía me sonrió más tranquila. Me acerqué a saludar a Anabella. Le extendí cortésmente mi mano a modo de saludo, pero ella me sorprendió con un cariñoso abrazo. Se separó y muy picarona me dijo. -Mmm…pareces que has tratado muy bien a Pía, mira que todo le brilla!- miró a Adela con los ojos achinados y una sonrisa burlona, esta soltó una carcajada . -Ya sabes lo que eso significa! – Adela miró a su amiga y ambas exclamaron- Brillo post sex!- y chocaron las palmas en medio de carcajadas. Pía estaba rojísima y para que decir yo, si hasta Ignacio parecía nervioso. -Ay ya, para que tanta pena, como si fuera malo!- le dirigió una mirada coqueta a Ignacio y arqueó sus cejas repetidamente, él la miró y le dio un beso fugaz en la cabeza. -Jajaja! No si eso que ni que! Nadie ha dicho que sea malo- me atreví a decir un poco más relajada. -Valen!- me reclamó Pía dándome un golpecito en el brazo. Para su fortuna, que ya parecía un tomate, el timbre sonó anunciando que más invitados llegaban a la fiesta. Ahí detrás de la puerta aparecían Marissa, Nina y Greta. La tres demostraban tener mucha energía y ganas de festejar. -Ya Adela- Preguntó inmediatamente Greta mientras cruzaban la puerta- dinos de una vez el por qué de la misteriosa fiesta. -Sí Adela, ya no nos hagas esperar- Replicaba ansiosa Marissa, Nina sólo sonreía a su lado. Las tres chicas pasaron y saludaron con besos en las mejillas a los presentes. -Antes tienen que estar todos! Faltan Piti, Fatu, Axl ,Brenda y Emiliano.- Respondió Ignacio. -También invitaron a Brenda?- se sorprendió Greta. -Sí, por qué no la invitaría?- preguntó Adela con naturalidad. -Ah, no sé- se encogió de hombros- es que como que no era tan cercana a nosotras que digamos, pero no me miren así, no es que me moleste, sólo sentía curiosidad! -Pues a mí me alegra mucho que ella venga!- exclamó Pía. -Uuuuy!- comenzó a molestar Marissa picaronamente. Adela le dio un pequeño codazo y luego me apunto con un movimiento de cabeza.- ah…lo siento, no sabía. Lo dices por Anabella o por Valentina?- -Mari!- La regañaron Greta, Nina y Adela al mismo tiempo. -Jajaja! No hay problema Marissa!- le dije tratando de disimular mi enojo mientras tomaba firmemente la cintura de la que amaba a modo de superioridad. Pía lo notó. -Entonces…-comenzó a preguntar Nina- Ya están juntas?- estaba a punto de abrir la boca cuando el timbre sonó nuevamente, era Brenda. Llegó con una gran y sincera sonrisa y además con una botella de vino en la mano. Todas reímos por el detalle. -Brenda, nosotros no somos tan finos!- rió Adela. -Pues Anabella sí lo es!- dije yo apuntándola y recordando la primera vez que fue al departamento a cenar. -Así que tú eres Anabella?- Dijo Brenda exaltada, Bella puso cara de circunstancia y asintió. -No sabes que gusto me da conocerte!-corrió Brenda a abrazarle, Bella seguía sorprendida-Pía me contó hace un tiempo lo que hiciste…ya sabes, eso de mandar a Andy a la cárcel! -Andy? El mismo que andaba ayudando a Kike en sus maldades?- preguntó muy sorprendida Greta. -El mismo!- dijo Ignacio por otro lado- esta señorita- apuntó a Anabella- logró poner \"Al As\" tras las rejas! Yo estaba totalmente sorprendida, Pía nunca me había dicho de eso. -Oye-le pregunte a Pía en voz baja, pero molesta- cuando pasó esto? Por qué nunca me lo contaste? -Porque fue después de acostarme contigo- Me respondió ella un poco fastidiada ya y se separó de mi lado para irse a conversar con Brenda y Anabella. Tal vez su reacción debió haberme disgustado, pero tenía que reconocer que yo estaba provocándola; no había pasado ni media hora desde que habíamos llegado y yo ya la había incomodado tres veces con mis celos. Pero no sabía cómo reaccionar, nunca me había sentido enamorada, por lo que tampoco había sentido celos antes. De hecho no sentí celos ni de amigos, ni de padres ni nada en toda mi vida, hasta ahora. Todas estas emociones me abrumaban y no sabía bien cómo lidiar con ellas. -Pero a esto le llaman una fiesta!- escuchamos un chillido, volteamos y vimos a los tres mosqueteros entrar por la puerta.-cómo que faltamos nosotros, no drangoncita?- Llegó Axl acercándose inmediatamente a mí y abrazándome, mientras lo abrazaba miré a pía con una sonrisa burlona y maliciosa. Ella me miró de vuelta y me sonrió luego de deslizar su mano por debajo de su mentón, ese ademán de \"no me importa\". -Fatu!- gritó Marissa y rápidamente fue a abrazar a su, ahora, novio. El chico la recibió en sus brazos muy complacido. Después de un tiempo Piti ya había perdonado a Nina por lo de la boda falsa, en este momento ambos eran muy amigos. -Bueno, ya estamos todos, no? Que empiece el anuncio!- Exigió Nina. -No! –interrumpió Greta- Todavía falta Emiliano. Todos estallamos en burlas para ella, pero Greta explicó que ella y Emiliano sólo tenían una linda amistad, que ella ahora estaba saliendo con otro chico llamado Pablo. -Y cuando nos pensabas contar eso?- reclamó Adela. -Cuando tú nos dijeras por qué nos citaste hoy.- respondió Greta. -Bueno, bueno, pero igual hay que esperar a Emiliano para decirles…que les parece si mientras tanto hacemos honor al amor, con una canción de unas maravillosas cantantes, yo también tengo máquina de karaokes- Dijo Adela mirándonos a mí y a Pía y apuntándonos los micrófonos. -Qué? Nosotras? – le pregunté incrédula. -No si va a ser Nina!- dijo Adela burlándose. Todos reímos, incluso Piti , que solía defenderla a muerte. -Ay qué pesada eres, Adela!- dijo Nina riendo- Pero sí chicas, es verdad, les juro que muero por escuchar otra vez un dueto de ustedes! -Pero de la misma canción?- preguntó Pía detrás de mí. -No, otra! –dijo Marissa- Pero una así muy, muy romántica!- exclamó tomándole la mano a Fatu. Miré a Pía con cara de pregunta, ella asintió, tomó los dos micrófonos que estaban al lado del equipo de música y se acercó a darme uno. -Yo elegiré la canción!- se adelanto Greta buscando entre la lista, los demás se acomodaron en los sofás y en las fiacas que estaban llenando el lugar. Más bien los sillones eran para las parejas, osea Fatu y Marissa en uno y Adela e Ignacio en el otro. Pía y yo estábamos en el centro esperando la elección de Greta. -Ya está! – celebró Greta e inmediatamente se fue a sentar después de haber seleccionado la canción. Aquel piano de \"Víveme\" de Laura Pausini comenzó a sonar, de nuevo no era una canción a dueto, pero entre las dos la arreglaríamos. No necesito más de nada ahora que- Comencé sonriéndole dulcemente a mi Pía- me iluminó tu amor inmenso fuera y dentro, créeme esta vez, -Le cantaba mientras asentía con la cabeza- créeme porque, créeme y verás, no acabará más. -Sus ojos brillaban mientras me regalaba una hermosa sonrisa. Tengo un deseo escrito en alto – dramaticé apuntando brevemente hacia el cielo- que vuela ya, mi pensamiento no depende de mi cuerpo. Créeme esta vez, créeme porque – En verdad, como decía la canción, quería que esta vez me creyera…- me haría daño ahora, ya lo sé- …que ya no habían más confusiones… Hay gran espacio en tú y yo, cielo abierto que ya nos encierra a las dos, -… Que esta vez iba en serio.- pues sabemos lo que es necesidad. – Pía me dio un empujoncito y se adelantó en el estribillo. Víveme sin miedo ahora, que sea una vida o sea un ahora, no me dejes libre aquí desnuda, - Cantó mientras me guiñaba un ojo- mi nuevo espacio que ahora es tuyo te ruego, víveme sin más vergüenza aunque este todo el mundo en contra. – hizo su dramatización apuntando con el dedos a todos lados.- Deja la apariencia- se me acercó y me tomó una mano- y toma el sentido – me la puso cerca de su corazón mientras me miraba dulcemente a los ojos.- y siente lo que llevo dentro. Y te transformas en un cuadro – me separé mientras le cantaba- dentro de mí que cubre mis paredes blancas y cansadas. Créeme esta vez, - me acerqué yo esta vez acariciando su cara- créeme porque me haría daño una y otra vez. - Alcancé a echarle un vistazo a la audiencia, Ignacio jugaba con el cabello de Adela de una manera muy tierna, Marissa parpadeaba repetidamente, y bueno, todos los demás estaban absortos. Si entre mi realidad – canté yo- hoy yo tengo algo más que jamás tuve ayer – Y se me adelantó Pía- necesitas vivirme un poco más.- Hizo con su dedo índice y el pulgar esa seña de \"poquito\". Ambas cantamos juntas el segundo estribillo. Víveme sin miedo ahora, que sea una vida o sea un ahora, no me dejes libre aquí desnuda,- A diferencia de la vez anterior con Mi historia entre tus dedos…- mi nuevo espacio que ahora es tuyo te ruego, víveme sin más vergüenza aunque este todo el mundo en contra.- … el ambiente de ahora era totalmente romántico y tranquilo, no tenso y apasionado como aquella vez- Deja la apariencia y toma el sentido y siente lo que llevo dentro. Has abierto en mí –Cantó Pía- la fantasía, me esperan días de una ilimitada dicha. – y seguí yo- Es tu Guión la vida mía, me enfocas me diriges pones las ideas. Pía me cantó el final, casi hablando en un susurro. Víveme sin miedo ahora, aunque este todo el mundo en contra, - me separó un mechón de pelo que me caía sobre el ojo- deja la apariencia y toma el sentido y siente lo que llevo dentro… Terminamos de cantar y nos abrazamos apretadamente después de dejar los mocrófonos spbre la mesa. Nuestra pequeña audiencia estalló en aplausos de inmediato. Todos celebraban nuestra canción, excepto Axl que parecía un poco disgustado. Cuando la euforia momentánea acabó él se atrevió a preguntar. -Entonces…sí están juntas?- miro a los lados perturbado- eres gay después de todo drangoncita?- cerré los ojos y reí un poco antes de contestarle. Tomé la mano de Pía y entrelacé nuestros dedos, ella me miró y soltó una nerviosa risilla. -No Axl, no soy gay, sólo soy Valentina enamorada de Pía, así de simple- Le contesté orgullosa. -Pero si eres una mujer enamorada de otra mujer entonces eres gay- Interrumpió Piti. -No exactamente- le explicó Pía- nosotras sólo somos nosotras, no hay que poner etiquetas. Que adorable era Pía, se unía conmigo a lo del odio a las etiquetas, pero yo bien sabía que a ella sólo le gustaban las mujeres. Más bien era un \"Valensexual\"! -Pero son novias?- Interrogó Nina. Pía y yo nos miramos y luego nos sonreímos con ternura. -Sólo somos...-empezaba a explicar yo, pero fui interrumpida por mi amada. -Sólo somos Pía y Valentina, ya está! -Brindo por eso! – exclamó Adela con una botella de Tequila en la mano. Nadie tenía vasos así que sólo dijimos \"salud!\"- Me parece súper revolucionario que no quieran caer en los estigmas sociales, ni en los nombres, ni en las etiquetas, en serio, las admiro chicas, de hecho- miro a Ignacio que la abrazaba por la espalda- Podemos nosotros ser sólo Ignacio y Adela?- Ignacio la miro divertido y le asintió. -Y nosotros podemos ser Fatu y Marissa? Le preguntó emocionada Marissa a su ojos de gato. -Pero si tú me pediste que fuéramos novios- dijo él confundido. -Pues terminamos- sentenció Marissa- Ahora sí somos Fatu y Marissa- chilló ella. Todo reímos a carcajadas. -Bien bien!- trato de calmarnos Greta- entonces nadie es novio de nadie! -Jajaja! Son unos copiones!- acusó Pía. - Entonces Axl y Valentina puede ser?- preguntó Axl esperanzado, yo sólo lo miré con compasión. -Wey- dijo Piti a su lado- tienes que admitir que Pía y Valentina se escucha más bonito- hubo unas risillas y otros que decían \"sí\" moviendo la cabeza. Axl musitó un leve \"pues sí\" El sonido de alguien tocando la puerta hizo que nos enfocáramos en ella. Adela fue a abrirle a Emiliano, él entró y saludo con un \"hola\" general. -Emiliano, que gusto! Ya se te extrañaba! – exclamó Pía a mi lado. De nuevo empezaba a sentir incomodidad, pero no quería que Pía se enojara otra vez y con justa razón. - También los extrañé a todos!- agregó él muy entusiasmado. -Bueno, ya estamos todos- sentenció Greta- ahora nos puedes explicar, por favor, cuál es el anuncio que tienes que hacer, Adela? -Ya sí, de verdad, dinos- reclamó Nina- estás embarazada o te vas a casar con Ignacio? -Ninguna de las dos.-nos dijo Adela mientras pasaba cerca de todos nosotros ofreciéndonos brownies- Esta más que nada es una fiesta de despedida, bueno, no quiero parecer muy repetida, pero este es nuestro \"hasta luego\". -Qué? Te vas? –Pregunté muy asombrada. -Sí. Nachito y yo nos vamos a Nueva York, a conocer el mundo, a cumplir nuestros sueños…- Nos comunicó Adela con tranquilidad. -Pero…se van para siempre?- interrogó Greta antes de darle un mordisco a su bocadillo. -No lo creo- respondió esta vez Ignacio- serán unos años, no sé cuantos, primero iremos a Nueva York, luego queremos ir a Paris, a Londres, a Australia, a Tokyo, en fin…- se tomó la cabeza- Vamos a recorrer el mundo juntos! No sabemos cuándo volveremos, pero algún día… -Ay! Que romántico!- expresó Marissa mirando al cielo con cara de enamorada. -Uy! Esto sí que no me lo esperaba… los voy a extrañar-decía Greta- pero estoy muy feliz por ustedes! Todos estuvimos de acuerdo en el comentario de Greta, todos los íbamos a extrañar inmensamente, pero eso era lo que Adela quiso toda su vida, y pues Nachito… él tenía su sueño cumplido con Adela al lado, recorrer el mundo con ella sería como cumplirlo más allá de lo que alguna vez hubiese imaginado. -Bueno, y es por eso que ven tan pocos muebles aquí…y tantas botellas! Si esta será nuestra última fiesta en mucho tiempo tiene que ser LA fiesta. -Pero que palabras tan dulces Adela!- gritó Greta quien inmediatamente fue en busca de los vasos para servir los licores. Adela se dirigió al equipo de música y luego de apretar algunos botones el departamento entero comenzó a retumbar al ritmo de Ballroom Blitz. Are you ready Steve?- Comenzó Adela a mover los labios dirigiéndose a Greta- Aha- Le respondió ella- Andy?- me miró esta vez a mi- Yeah!- le dije yo- Mick?- apuntó finalmente a Pía- Okey- rió ella- alright, fellas, let's goooo!- Gritó Adela dando inicio a la gran fiesta que esperábamos tener. Los ritmos del rock and roll entraban en mi cuerpo tan rápido como el alcohol, y la euforia se sentía en todo el ambiente y en todos los presentes. Oh it's been getting so hard living with the thing you do to me, aha- Greta propuso una competencia de shot de tequila a la que todos entramos, sin ninguna excepción. Oh my dreams are getting so strange, i'd like to tell you everything I see- 4 rondas y todos de pie, a la quinta Piti se fue al baño con una mano en la boca, Yo comenzaba a sentir el cuerpo muy caliente. Oh, I see a man at the back, as a matter of fact is eyes are red as the sun, and a girl in the corner let no one ignore her 'cause she thinks she's the passionate one.- El juego terminó luego de 11 rondas sin ganadores, pero sí con algunos caídos, Piti para empezar, seguido de Nina y finalmente Marissa, quienes después de pasar un rato en el baño se recompusieron y volvieron a la fiesta. Adela tomó la mano de Greta y se fueron al centro a bailar rock and roll desaforadamente. Oh, yeah, it was like lighting, everybody was frightening and the music was soothing, and they all started grooving, yeaaah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!- Para ese momento ya todos se movían en la improvisada pista de baile a su propio ritmo, yo tomaba la mano de Pía y trataba de menearme con el mareo corriendo por todo el cuerpo, el primer mareo, ese que es casi agradable. And the man in the back said everyone attack, and it turned into a ballroom blitz. And the girl in the corner said boy I want to warn you, It'll turn into a ballroom blitz, ballroom blitz, ballroom blitz, ballroom blitz. Muchos se habían dejado una botella para ellos solos, Pía y yo teníamos una de Gin que yo sostenía celosamente en las manos. La empinábamos mientras bailábamos, yo no podía parar de reír, bueno…al parecer todos estaban con ataque de risa, miré a la mesa y entendí la razón, los brownies que nos repartió Adela. Oh reaching out of something, touching nothing's all I ever do- Luego de un rato solo era capaz de ver fotografías entremedio del baile, veía todo moverse tan rápido, pero de repente mi mirada se posó en un rincón, Brenda y Anabella? Jajaja, eso sí que era raro, hice además de apuntarles, \"shh\" me dijo Pía quien también las había notado. \"déjalas tranquilitas no mas\" me ordenó antes de darme un gran beso con sabor a Gin. Oh I softly call you over, when you appear there´s nothing left to you- Nina comenzó a saltar eufórica y pronto todos imitamos sus movimientos, a excepción de Brenda y Bella que estaban ocupadas en otra parte. And the man in the back is ready to crack as he raises his hand to the sky, and the girl in the corner is everyone's mourner, she could kill you with a wink of her eye. – súbitamente me cayó Greta encima que al parecer se había soltado de la mano de Adela mientras bailaban rock and roll y salió volando hasta aquí. Se paró rápidamente y siguió bailando ante las risas de todos. Oh, yeah! It was electric, so frantically hectic, and the band started leaving, Cause they all stopped breathing, Yeaaaah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah! – Alguien en la sala apagó las luces y ya solo podia sentir mi cuerpo moverse y chocar con otros. And the man in the back said everyone attack, and it turned into a ballroom blitz. And the girl in the corner said boy I want to warn you, It'll turn into a ballroom blitz- Los olores del tabaco y el alcohol se mezclaban en el ambiente, junto con las esencias de los presentes, y el rock se combinaba con la euforia. Alguien me abrazaba, supuse que sería Pía, así lo comprobé cuando toqué su larga y lisa cabellera, nos seguimos besando en la oscuridad mientras sonaba el solo de guitarra. Oh, yeah, it was like lighting, everybody was frightening and the music was soothing, and they all started grooving, yeaaah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!- Pía se me perdió entremedio del baile y seguí moviéndome sola. And the man in the back said everyone attack, and it turned into a ballroom blitz. And the girl in the corner said boy I want to warn you, It'll turn into a ballroom blitz, ballroom blitz, ballroom blitz, ballroom blitz.- Fui a la mesa por el ultimo brownie, el cual tuve que compartir con Piti que se lo peleaba. It's it's ballroom blitz, it's it's ballroom blitz, it's it's ballroom blitz, Yeah! It's a ballroom blitz! Finalmente encendieron las luces y me encontré con que Pía estaba muy sonriente de la mano de Emiliano, seguramente habían estado bailando. Me acerqué rápidamente a ellos y sólo le tomé la mano a Pía para llevarla a mi lado, no quería hacer el asunto más grande de lo que era. Pero por Dios, era tan idiota que me enojara sólo porque ella bailara con alguien que me daban ganas de azotarme a mi misma…tal vez era el alcohol el que me hacía actuar así…no sé, pero tendría que cambiarlo definitivamente. -Ahora juguemos! – dijo Adela tomando una botella vacía- verdad o desafío le entran? Todos nos sentamos en un círculo mientras Adela giraba la botella, muchos ya estaban muy ebrios, incluyéndome, claro, los que mejor se veían eran Ignacio, Emiliano, Pía y Marissa. Por mi parte el mundo parecía una tela elástica que se estiraba y volvía a su lugar constantemente, pareciera que alguien me estuviese tomando la cabeza y me la zamarreara bruscamente. La botella giró apuntando a Brenda, quién escogió desafío. -Tu desafío- dijo Adela apuntándola mientras su dedo se movía sin control producto de la borrachera- es besar a Anabella- Brenda sin ninguna oposición se acercó a Bella y le planto un besote. -Ay! No se vale! –Protestó Marissa-No pueden hacer desafíos tan fáciles, si hasta favor les hacen.- a mi me entró un ataque incontrolable de risa, no sé si por su comentario o por el estado en el cual me encontraba. La botella volvió a girar, me empezó a entrar un pesado sueño. Esta vez le apuntó a Pía, quien escogió verdad. -Ya Pía, dinos la verdad- escuchaba a Adela entre sueños- Quién es mejor en la cama, Anabella o Valentina? – me reí aún con los ojos cerrados, alguna personas jamás harían ese tipo de preguntas a no ser que estuviesen ebrias como lo estaba Adela, pero tratándose de ella sé que la hubiese hecho sobria de todas maneras. No escuché la respuesta de Pía, al parecer había decidido cambiar por desafío, ya que no quería responder a esa pregunta. -Valen- me dio un golpecito Pía en la mejilla- estás bien? Quieres ir a acostarte? -No, estoy bien! – le dije mientras me apoyaba en su hombro y trataba de mantenerme despierta, no era la única, Axl, Piti y Nina yacían en los sillones durmiendo, acomodados como podían. -Bueno, pero que el desafió no sea tan fácil esta vez! -Dijo Marissa- no le vayan a decir que bese a Valentina! -Que bese a Emiliano!- Propuso la misma Greta. Pía la miró con los ojos muy abierto, al igual que Emiliano y yo. -Eso!- celebró Adela- Besa a Emiliano- Le ordenó. Pía me miró con cara de pregunta, yo tenía tan poca energía que ni para enojarme alcanzaba, sólo me reí descontroladamente. Alcancé a ver a Emiliano frotarse las palmas de las manos y eso es lo último que recuerdo.[Chapter 13] Hola de nuevo a todas. Después de un largo tiempo me reintegro al mundo de la escritura. Espero que todavía queden por lo menos dos personas que chequen esta página, porque planeo terminar este fic. El capítulo siguiente este ya está listo, pero quiero darles una semanita para que lean este primero :P Quiero agradecer todos sus reviews y que lean lo que escribo, especialmente a Rami que es la que ah estado insistiendo en que siga con este arte y bueno, en general a todas, PaxHunter13, Ladylibra10, GinebraRemyHadley, Kdl94, stephanie, RiotIs y la querida Ciegazul! Ojalá aún no me hayan olvidado :P y sigan el final de la historia. No me había dado tiempo de escribir, pero con la universidad en toma tengo mucho tiempo libre XD . Bueno, eso, no olviden checkar la próxima semana, el nuevo capítulo, sólo a 4 caps del final : D Miré a Emiliano impaciente mientras se frotaba las manos esperando aquel beso que era el desafío que yo debía cumplir, lenta y seductoramente me acerqué a su rostro, ante la mirada atónita de todas y la de él mismo. Pero apresuradamente desvié la dirección de mis labios y un sonoro beso quedó marcado en su mejilla. -Ah! Pía eso no se vale! – Protestó Marissa. -Era un beso beso Pía!- le siguió Adela. -Claro que vale- les expliqué yo. Jamás explicaron que clase de beso era el que tenía que darle, y pues supuse que lo habían dejado a mi criterio- me defendí victoriosa. -Ni modo Emi, es lo que hay no más! – le dijo Greta consolándolo divertidamente, el rió. -Oigan- dijo Ignacio- parece que Valentina ya se dio. -Uhh Valen!- exclame asustada, ella dormía apoyada en sus propias piernas, enteramente contorsionada, habrá sido esta su primera borrachera?- Valen, Valen- le daba pequeños golpecitos en la cara para que reaccionara y me ayudara a llevarla a acostar, Greta, Adela y Fatu reían histéricamente, Marissa sonreía para llevarles el juego. Me acerqué al oído de mi Valen. -Mi amor- le dije despacito- despierta, vamos a acostarnos.- Pero ella ni se movía. -Hay un colchón en la primera habitación- me indicó Ignacio. Le sonreí agradecida. -Oye Pía! Por qué no la revisas? No vaya a ser que tenga muerte alcohólica!- dijo asustada Marissa. -Muerte alcohólica!- Gritaron Adela y Greta al mismo tiempo mientras explotaban en risas. -No se dice muerte alcohólica Mari, se dice intoxicación con alcohol o coma etílico en el peor de los casos. - A ver!- se acercó Adela- déjamela a mi- tomó la cabeza de Valentina con ambas manos- Te liberó alma en pena, sal demonio!- le gritaba mientras le sacudía la cabeza. Interferí de inmediato entre las risas de todos y la propia también, justamente eso sí la hizo despertar. -AHH? Qué? Qué pasa?- preguntó mi Valen mientras pestañeaba confundida. -Nada Valen, que te quedaste dormida, vamos, te voy a llevar a la habitación para que duermas más cómoda. Me miró un instante y en cuanto lo pudo procesar empezó a intentar ponerse de pie. Se tambaleaba mucho al hacerlo así que me paré e intenté ayudarla. -Déjame Pía, que yo puedo sola, que no ves?- me decía tambaleándose más de la cuenta, yo me aparte ante su pedido, pero al instante en que me aparté ella cayó sobre su trasero al piso, se quejó de manera muda, porque abrió la boca y puso cara de dolor pero no emitió ningún ruido. Todos estallamos en risa, hasta ella misma. -Ves? Te dije que necesitabas ayuda.- le dije levantando una ceja. -Te ayudo- se levantó inmediatamente Emiliano y la tomó por un brazo y yo por el otro. La condujimos hasta la habitación y en cuanto se tumbó en la cama se quedó profundamente dormida, miré a Emiliano y reí con ternura, el se contagió. La cubrí con una frazada para que no le diese frío y luego salimos de la habitación. Al salir todo estaba en calma, Mari y Fatu dormían en un sofá y Adela con Greta abrazadas en las Fiacas, Axl , Piti y Nina ya dormían en un sillón hace rato, de Bella y Brenda ni rastros, Ignacio trataba de limpiar un poco. Fui por frazadas para cubrirlos a todos. -Te ves tan tierna haciendo eso!- exclamo Emiliano detrás de mi. Yo lo miré suspicaz y divertida. - No te me pases de listo tú machito!- le advertí. -Qué? Si sólo te estoy diciendo tierna- dijo el levantando las manos a modo de \"yo no he hecho nada\". Lo miré picarona y con los ojos achinados. -Te ayudo a limpiar Ignacio?- Le ofrecí. -No, gracias Pía, sólo era una aseada, mañana nos vamos y los de la mudanza se encargarán de esto. Y ya…- miró su reloj- me tengo que ir a arreglar unos últimos pendientes antes del viaje. - Pero a esta hora?- inquirí. -Sí, ya son las 6, tengo que aprovechar el día. Pía, un favorcillo, por fa, espera a que yo llegué o a que Adela despierte antes de…no, mejor espera a que yo llegué antes de irte, llego en 4 horas, puedes? - Sí, claro. De todas maneras tenía que esperar a que Valentina saliera de su muerte alcohólica, recuerdas? - Jajajaja, sí, claro! Bueno, adiós, te veo en un rato. Ignacio se fue y aunque me pidió que no lo hiciera comencé a limpiar un poco. A recoger botellas, barrer el piso, lavar vasos. - Serías una excelente esposa Pía! – decía Emiliano burlándose de nuevo con sus coqueteos. - Jajaja! – reí sarcástica- Y te funciona esa frase con todas tus chicas?- le pregunte acercándome a él poniendo mis manos en sus hombros y acercándole mis labios a los suyos ante su sorpresa. -No…osea…quiero decir que…- nuestros labios estaban casi tocándose – bueno…yo… - Porque conmigo no te funcionó ni un poquito Emi- Y me alejé dejándolo sonriendo avergonzado. -Eres una sádica, lo sabías?- bromeó. - Jajaja!- carcajeé mientras lavaba los vasos- dile al amigo que se duerma!- me burlé mirando su pantalón. -Muy graciosa! mejor...- titubeó mirando a todos lados- ...mejor me voy al baño. -Más te vale!- Le grité- Hombres!- exclamé en voz alta. Después de terminar de lavar los vasos eran cerca de las 7 am, todos aún dormían, tal vez y tenía chance de dormir un poquito. Me armé una camita con una de las fiacas que había en la sala y me puse una frazada encima tratando de dormir. Emiliano llegó del baño, me vio y tomo lugar al lado de mi. -Hey!, búscate otro esta es mía! -No seas egoísta Pía, es suficientemente grande para los dos! – Decía robándome un poco de frazada.- además los dos juntos dormimos más calentitos. -Calentito estarás tú baboso!- le dije mientras le daba un golpecito en la cabeza, la verdad es que los coqueteos de Emiliano eran un juego entre los dos, ya no me molestaba como cuando él recién había llegado a la casa de Maca.- Ya bueno- acepté finalmente mientras abrazaba a mi amigo- pero cuéntame, qué ha sido de tu vida desde que no te veo! Qué pasó con Greta? -Uhh! Pues la historia de Greta…mira finalmente nos dimos cuenta que no funcionábamos el uno para el otro…yo la quiero mucho y ella también a mí, pero cuando estábamos juntos simplemente no era sano…No sé si me entiendes. -Sí, eso creo…pero supe que después tu tuviste otra novia, no es así pillín?- le dije arqueando las cejas. -Jajaja! Sí- dijo él mirando a los lados- pero lo que rápido viene, rápido se va! - Imbécil!- me burlé juguetona dándole un golpecito en la nuca- es \"fácil se viene, fácil se va\"! -Ah, es lo mismo! - Bueno, así que era fácil la niña? -Jajaja no! No es eso, - rió un poco tapándose la boca- quiero decir que como lo nuestro empezó tan rápido, así mismo terminó. - Ahhh!- exclamé a modo de entendimiento.- Bueno, pues para la próxima no te pierdas tanto mira que se te echa de menos. -Lo sé, ya también te eché de menos Pía! Aunque no lo creas, a ti y a todas! -Awwww como saca su lado sensible el machito!- bromeé. - Que pesada eres! – se quejó el en medio de risas. - Ya, ya, pero en serio, es bueno tenerte de vuelta Emi! - Y aquí me quedaré siempre que me necesites- Me estrechó dulcemente en sus brazos ahí acostados en la fiaca. -Que romántico!- escuché al frente de nosotros y miré con los ojos muy abiertos, era Valentina, ah! Que problemón iba a tener ahora con lo paranoica que había estado toda la noche! - No se detengan por mí, yo ya me iba- dijo antes de irse rápidamente a la habitación, seguramente a buscar sus cosas. - Uuh! Perdón Pía, yo no sabía que era tan celosa!- Se disculpó Emiliano. -No te preocupes Emi, que aquí la culpa no es tuya.- Me dirigí a la habitación con mucho enojo, al abrir la puerta para entrar justo Valentina iba saliendo, casi chocamos. -A ti que te pasa eh Valentina? Que me vas a hacer escenitas cada vez que este yo con un amigo? - Un amigo Pía?- me miró con furia en los ojos- Por favor a ese man siempre le has gustado y tú lo sabes! -Emiliano y yo somos A-M-I-G-O-S! Métetelo en la cabeza de una vez! Bella y yo somos amigas, Brenda y yo somos amigas! Entiende que a la única persona que quiero es a ti! Te amo Valentina, soy enteramente tuya, que debo hacer para que me creas? carajo! Sorpresivamente Valentina se acercó y me besó con vehemencia, me tomó de la nuca acercando mucho nuestras cabezas, yo le respondí con la misma efusividad, tomando su cintura. Nos tumbamos en el colchón mientras nos seguíamos besando apasionadamente unos segundos más. Entre un beso y otro me dijo casi en un tono desesperado- Dime de nuevo que eres mía, dímelo- me sorprendió su petición pero no dude en repetírselo más de una vez- soy tuya, soy tuya, soy tuya, soy tuya! , solamente tuya.- después de esa frase sus besos se tornaron mas calmos y ella más tranquila. Finalmente abandonamos nuestros labios, se apoyó en mi pecho y me abrazó por la cintura. -Perdón por todos los celos Pía, pero es que tengo tanto miedo de perderte! –casi parecía una niñita desamparada, era obvio que aún estaba bajo los efectos del alcohol, por eso su comportamiento tan extraño. Pues Valentina no solía demostrar tan visiblemente sus debilidades. Desde la muerte de Ana que ella se había puesto una especie de coraza en lo que a miedos se refería. -No te preocupes hermosa. Le dije dulcemente mientras le acariciaba la cara- nunca me vas a perder. Luego de unos minutos se quedó dormida en mis brazos. No me quise dormir, sólo la observé un largo rato, no sé cuanto exactamente, parecía un ángel así, tan frágil, tan hermosa. Que ridículo me pareció lo que me decía! Qué miedo iba a tener de perderme? Si ella era toda mi alegría, mis ganas de vivir y de hecho mi vida misma. Escuché que alguien en la sala prendía la radio, debió haber sido Emiliano, era el único despierto. Esa canción que empezaba a sonar demostraba muy bien todo lo que sentía por ella en ese instante. I could stay awake just to hear you breathing, - le revolví suavemente el cabello- watch you smile while you´re sleeping, while you're far away and dreaming- Una risilla de ternura se me escapó mientras la miraba - I could spend my life in this sweet surrender - Claro que podría pasar toda mi vida mirándola así - I could stay lost in this moment- suspiré hondamente - forever, Where every moment spent with you is a moment I treasure. – ella respiraba rápidamente, creo que aún dormida sentía igual que yo - Don't want to close my eyes - No los cerraría - I don't want to fall asleep- era verdad, no quería dormir - Cause I'd miss you babe , And I don't want to miss a thing - solo mirarla me hacía descansar en la felicidad de su amor -Cause even when I dream of you t he sweetest dream will never do- El sueño más dulce era este mismo momento, no había más - I'd still miss you babe , and I don't wannna miss a thing. Lying close to you feeling your heart beating , - su corazón latía lento, calmado - And I'm wondering what you're dreaming , Wondering if it's me you're seeing , - me estaba viendo en sus sueños, sonreía, por eso lo sé - Then I kiss your eyes , And thank God we're together , - No estaba segura de que hubiese un Dios, pero si lo había, claro que le agradecería el amor de mi Valentina - I just want to stay with you in this moment forever , - Le canté en el oído aquellas tres palabras que seguían con ímpetu , mientras la estrechaba en mis brazos - Forever and ever! I don't want to close my eyes , I don't want to fall asleep, cause I'd miss you babe , and I don't wanna miss a thing . Cause even when I dream of you t he sweetest dream will never do, I'd still miss you babe , and I don't want to miss a thing I don't want to miss one smile , I don't want to miss one kiss , I just want to be with you , right here with you, just like this- era cierto, justo así quería estar toda la vida - , I just want to hold you close , feel your heart so close to mine , - tan cerca que nuestros corazones palpitaban juntos, al mismo tiempo - and just stay here in this moment , for all the rest of time Yeah yeah yeah El ultimo estribillo de la canción se lo canté bajito a mi Valen . Don't want to close my eyes , I don't want to fall asleep , and I don't want to miss a thing Cause even when I dream of you t he sweetest dream will never do, I'd still miss you babe , and I don't want to miss a thing. -Yo tampoco quiero perderme nada Pía- me sorprendí al escuchar a Valentina que me miraba dulcemente. -Hey! Que tú no estabas dormida? – le reclamé mientras le revolvía el cabello. - Desperté cuando me abrazaste- me contestó acariciándome la mejilla con el dorso de su mano. - Eres una tramposa- le dije mientras jugaba con sus cabellos y miraba directamente a sus ojos. De pronto escuchamos el ruido de la puerta, nos llamó la atención. -Debe ser Ignacio- le dije a Valen y ambas nos paramos para ir a la sala y despedirnos. Al salir de la habitación nos dimos cuenta que los tres mosqueteros ya se habían ido, me pregunto si de haber habido refrigerador se hubiesen quedado. Todos estaban buscando sus cosas para marcharse. -Amigos!- Nos habló Adela- gracias a todos por venir hoy, ah! Y espero verlos esta tarde en el aeropuerto para la despedida final. -Claro que ahí estaremos!- expresó Greta. -No nos lo perderíamos – dijo Valen. -Hay que romántico!- exclamó Marissa. -Ay! Pues yo no sé – dijo Nina mientras se limaba una uña, todos la miramos con cara de sorpresa y disgusto- AY ya bueno! Si iré! -Y tú Emiliano, irás?-Preguntó Adela. -Claro, ahí estaré en la tarde.-Respondió él con una sonrisa. - Ok, el vuelo parte a las 7, los quiero a las 6 para despedirnos, va? - Va! – respondimos todos, y nos marchamos. Al llegar a casa el sueño nos venció a ambas, sólo nos abrazamos y nos pusimos a dormir. -Pía, Pía! – abrí los ojos y vi a Valentina muy exaltada. -Qué pasa Valen? – le pregunté mientras me restregaba los ojos. - Nos quedamos dormidas, son las 5: 17, vamos a llegar tarde al aeropuerto, apúrate vamos! No alcanzamos a comer nada, ni siquiera a bañarnos, sólo nos subimos a la moto y nos fuimos como un rayo hasta el aeropuerto. Afortunadamente llegamos justo a la hora. Ahí estaban Ignacio y Adela con sus maletas listos para dar el último adiós. -Te vamos a extrañar demasiado!- decía Greta casi al borde de las lágrimas mientras abrazaba a Adela. -Ay! No seas melodramática, si tampoco me estoy muriendo- bromeaba Adela, pero sus ojos estaban igualmente vidriosos. - Hagamos un abrazo grupal, sí? – pidió Marissa, en eso todos nos acercamos y la abrazamos efusivamente. -Trátala bien, eh?- le dije a Ignacio. -No más bien que Adela lo trate bien a él- dijo Piti, todos reímos, era verdad, era Ignacio el que se iba a tener que ir con cuidado. -Promete conectarte seguido! – le pidió Valentina. -Claro que sí, me convertiré en una experta del Skype, lo prometo. - No nos vayas a olvidar- dijo Axl. -Saben que nunca los podría olvidar, mis tres mosqueteros, ni a ustedes, las niñas mal; son una parte muy importante en mi vida- decía al borde de las lágrimas. -Ay ya, que hasta pierdes la esencia de Adela- Bromeó Fatu. Reímos un poco emocionados por la despedida. -Hey, pero donde está Emiliano, todavía no llega- preguntó Greta. -uuuuuuyyy! – coreamos todos. -Jajaja! No sean tontos! – dijo Greta un poco enrojecida. -Mira, ahí ya viene- Indicó Marissa. Emiliano venía raro, con una cara descolocada, como si algo le molestara o le hubiese exaltado mucho. -Y esa carita?- preguntó Adela. -Nada- dijo él acercándose a abrazarla- problemillas en el trabajo. Te deseo mucha suerte en tu viaje, y que seas muy feliz con el hombre que amas. -Gracias Emi! Bueno, ya estamos un poco tarde, ya están llamando para nuestro vuelo. Adiós chicos, los vamos a extrañar a todos! Y partieron a tomar su vuelo. Casi llegando a la puerta Adela nos dio una última mirada con una gran sonrisa. - Sean Buenas niñas mal! – gritó Ignacio antes de que ambos desaparecieran por la puerta de abordaje. Nos quedamos conversando unos minutos más y de pronto me llegó un mensaje de texto. Era de Emiliano, por qué me iba a enviar un texto si estábamos tan cerca? \"Piérdete un poco, necesito hablar contigo a solas, es muy importante\" Lo miré y asentí, le dije a Valen que iba al baño y disimuladamente él también se perdió.[Chapter 14] Las he abandonado. Lo sé y lo siento. Pérdida de inspiración, poco tiempo... de hecho tenía una super idea para un crossover de Xena, The 100 y Game of thrones como un músical épico y me tenía muy inspirada y convencida, pero ni eso he podido hacer. Ya no soy la estudiante soltera que solía ser, lo siento. Tengo trabajo, sigo estudiando, tengo novia y tenemos un hijo. Ya no me alcanza el tiempo para nada. Pero si alguien necesita saber el final se los puedo dar por mensaje privado si me mandan uno. Saludos a todas y perdón! ","Summary":" Ha pasado un tiempo ya desde que salimos de casa de Maca. Creo que Nina y Greta aún siguen ahí; sup"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Estar contigo","Author":"Kdl94","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6644863","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pía llegó a su casa con el pensamiento \"te quiero mucho mucho… pero como una amiga\" que le había dicho Valentina hacía solo unas horas atrás que rebotaba una y otra vez en su cabeza. Abrió la puerta y se encontró con 3 maletas grandes que interrumpían el paso hacia la sala. Inmediatamente se dirigió a la cocina, de donde provenían sonidos, esperando encontrar a su madre para que le explicara el porqué de los equipajes. Efectivamente su madre estaba ahí, tomando algunas de las latas de comida que todavía quedaban en el repostero. - ¿Qué haces? ¿por qué te llevas la comida y por qué hay maletas en la sala? - preguntó Pía - ¡Pía! – gritó asustada la madre - ¿qué haces aquí, no deberías estar en casa de Maca? - Hoy Maca nos liberó a todas… pero no me has contestado las preguntas, ¿tienes pensado viajar? - En realidad me estoy mudando. Hace 3 días le vendí la casa con muebles incluidos a una pareja extranjera. Así que con el dinero me iré a vivir a Ecuador a casa de un amigo. - ¿Estoy escuchando bien? ¿y cuándo pensabas decírmelo, cómo se supone que nos íbamos a ir a Ecuador si yo estaba en casa de Maca? - Pía… yo no sabía que saldrías… yo pensaba que ibas a pasar muchos años en casa de Maca y como no consigo un trabajo estable que me divierta acá, entonces acepté la invitación de mi amigo para irme a Ecuador. Iba a llamarte cuando llegara allá. - ¡¿Qué? Entonces qué se supone que haga yo ahora, eh? Ya vendiste la casa y prácticamente te estás llevando la poca comida que hay. ¡¿Cómo y dónde voy a vivir? - Pero hijita, no me avisaste nada, yo no soy adivina. Puedes volver a casa de Maca y decirle que tuve que irme por trabajo, seguramente ella te puede dar alojamiento y comida. Ahhh! Mira la hora que es! Mi vuelo sale en 20 minutos! - Eres increíble, de verdad. Tu hija se está quedando en la nada y tú preocupada por perder tu vuelo. Pero tienes razón, Maca sabrá apoyarme porque entenderá que no tengo una madre. -Ay no digas eso, Pía, me duele mucho – decía su madre mientras comenzaba a cargar el equipaje - pero bueno, sé buena niña, sí? Aquí te dejo $50, te llamo cuando llegue. Pía había quedado estupefacta con lo que acababa de pasar: su mamá la había dejado completamente sola en una casa que ya no era suya. Volvió a salir a la calle todavía con la mochila, con la que había salido de casa de Maca, en la espalda. Tomó un taxi rumbo al único lugar al que podía llamar hogar: la casa de Maca. En otra parte de la ciudad, Valentina había pasado el resto de ese día en su cuarto. Su mamá y su hermana todavía la trataban como el bicho raro de la familia, por lo que ella simplemente había preferido encerrarse en su habitación con su reproductor de música y su guitarra. Echada en su cama, no había dejado de recordar sus momentos con Pía. Habían pasado solo poco más de 4 horas, pero ya la extrañaba demasiado: su forma de escuchar y reir junto a ella después de una broma, su sonrisa, su mirada, sus abrazos, sus… \"no, no\" se dijo a sí misma mientras se sentaba en su cama, \"Pía y yo sólo somos amigas…\" continuó como si estuviera tratando de convencer a alguien. A la mañana siguiente se levantó al sentir algunos rayos solares que caían a través de la ventana, se sentó y contempló su alrededor: no habían ni un molestoso despertador ni una amiga que la viniese a despertar con risas y caricias… \"definitivamente ya no estoy en casa de Maca\" pensó. Bajó a tomar desayuno. Su mamá y su hermana ya habían salido a trabajar, por lo que tenía la casa para ella sola. Prendió la TV para distraerse, pero no lo consiguió. Se preguntaba si a lo mejor Pía también había estado pensando en ella… no, es decir, en todas las chicas. Decidida a hablar con Pía, le mandó un mensaje al celular. - Hola! como vas pasando tu primer día en libertad! :D … Valentina. - Valen! Pues todo normal, un día como cualquier otro, la casa de Maca no cambia de un día para otro :P … Pía – fue el mensaje que recibió en respuesta. - ¿Cómo es eso, volviste a casa de Maca? … Valentina - Sí, tuve que volver pues mi mamá prácticamente me abandonó, no tenía donde vivir ni qué comer, así que le pedí a Maca que me dé alojamiento y alimentos y ella aceptó a cambio de que haga algunas de las labores de la casa en reemplazo de Teo, que tuvo que viajar donde su madre que está muy mal de salud … Pía -Qué! Abandonada? Pero me hubieras dicho y yo te metía acá a mi casa :D Entonces estarás con Maca? Y que mal lo de Teo :/ … Valentina - noo… te imaginas que hubiera dicho tu mamá? xD … Sí, por lo menos hasta que venga mi mamá… aunque no creo que ella regrese por lo menos en unos meses… Bueno, Valen tengo que seguir con los trabajos, hablamos luego si? Nos vemos … Pía Valentina sintió un saltito en su corazón: Pía había vuelto a casa de Maca. Por alguna razón loca, lo que ahora quería Valentina era volver al lado de Pia… extrañaba a su …amiga. \"¿Qué hago, qué puedo hacer..?\" se preguntaba. Después de unos minutos, \"Lo tengo!\" gritó satisfactoriamente. Valentina se dirigió a casa de Maca y tocó la puerta principal. Greta, quien le abrió la puerta, la saludó con un fuerte abrazo que Valentina respondió, aunque ella hubiese preferido que fuese de otra persona el abrazo… - ¿Qué haces aquí? No me mientas diciéndome que me extrañas – preguntó Greta entre risas - Jajajaja no, es que necesito hablar con Maca. - Hablar? Pero si ayer acabas de salir. Pero bueno, está en el despacho. – dijo Greta apartándose de la puerta - Sí, es algo un poco urgente. Gracias. Hablamos luego. - Okey, nos vemos. Valentina se dirigió al despacho y entró rápidamente después de tocar ligeramente la puerta. - Valentina, tú por acá? ¿qué te trae por aquí? - Uf Maca que recibimiento, yo también te he extrañado. Pero vine porque necesitaba decirte algo. - Pues habla, te escucho. - Maca, yo no merecía salir todavía. Yo fui cómplice de Pía cuando ella robó la suma de dinero. Bueno es mi primer fan-fic, así que no soy muy experta en esto de escribir, por lo que apreciaría mucho sus críticas a través de reviews. Si les gusta, le haré una continuación (:[Chapter 2] Qué bueno que les haya gustado la historia, trataré de actualizarlo cada día, aunque a veces por el tiempo solo pueda hacer un capi cada dos días. Gracias por sus comentarios. Aquí les dejo la segunda parte, ojalá también les guste :D Maca soltó el lapicero que tenía en la mano y se paró de la silla. Cruzó sus brazos y con cara de asombrada examinó la mirada de Valentina. Esta evitó el contacto visual apartando su mirada hacia un bello cuadro del despacho. - Valentina, mírame, ¿estás segura de lo que estás diciendo? - Sí, Maca. Es solo que la culpa me comía y yo no podía vivir con eso. - Pero cómo es posible! – dijo Maca alzando la voz – si ese mismo día en que Pía me lo confesó, tú estabas presente y me hicieron entender que solo Pía lo había hecho. - Sí, Maca, es que tú sabes que Pía es un ángel, ella no quería que yo saliera perjudicada… así que ella solo se culpó a sí misma por el robo. - No… no lo puedo creer… Greta! Greta! - Perdón, si Maca? – dijo Greta entrando apresurada al despacho al cabo de unos segundos - Llama inmediatamente a Pía, creo que está en la cocina. Greta salió igual de rápido a como entró y el silencio se apoderó del despacho. Maca todavía tenía su mirada clavada en Valentina y ella simplemente miraba a cualquier otro lado. Al cabo de un par de minutos Pía entró al despacho. Una sonrisa inmensa se dibujó en los labios de Valentina que abrazó sin pensarlo dos veces a su amiga. Pía, al darse cuenta de la presencia de Valentina, sintió que su corazón saltaba de felicidad y moría con ese abrazo. - Ehm… disculpen chicas, pero no estamos para abrazos. Ambas salieron del trance al cual habían entrado y Pía recién notó el disgusto que tenía Maca en todo el cuerpo. Valentina se separó lentamente de Pía y volvió a mirar a Maca. - ¿Qué pasa Maca? ¿para qué me necesitas? – preguntó Pía con un poco de miedo - Quiero saber si es verdad lo que dice Valentina. ¿Es cierto que ella fue tu cómplice en el robo del dinero? ¿y, si es así, por qué me lo ocultaste? - ¿Qué? No, Maca. Ese fue solo mi error, nadie más estuvo implicado. – respondió Pía - No, Pía, ya no mientas. Ya le dije a Maca que yo fui tu cómplice. - ¿Qué? ¿cómplice? ¿de qué hablas? – preguntó extrañada Pía De pronto la puerta del despacho se abrió bruscamente y Greta entró. - Disculpa Maca, es que el técnico de la electricidad está en la puerta, dice si le puedes dar un adelanto del sueldo porque ha tenido una emergencia. - ¿Qué? Enseguida voy, hazlo pasar a la sala – dijo Maca mientras sacaba de un cofre una pequeña suma de dinero – Y ustedes chicas, no se muevan, ya vengo. Maca salió del despacho seguida de Greta. Pía tenía cara de no-entender-nada y Valentina estaba aguantando una risa. - ¿Qué fue eso Valen? ¿cómo así que fuiste mi cómplice? - Pía tú solo di que sí, sígueme la corriente en lo que diga. – dijo Valen con una sonrisa - ¿Qué, pero por qué? Eso mínimo será medio año aquí encerrada. - Exacto, por eso mismo. - Ay Valen, definitivamente, no te entiendo, ¿ por qué querrías quedarte aquí? - ¿No es obvio? Te extrañé mucho ayer – Pía sintió una descarga que pasó por todo su cuerpo – Es decir, extrañé pasar tiempo con todas las chicas, extrañé la casa de Maca. - Ah, claro… - dijo Pía mientras se le borraba la pequeña sonrisa que se le había formado - ¿Qué? ¿tú no me extrañaste? – dijo Valen con una sonrisa mientras ponía su mano derecha en una de las mejillas de Pía - Listo, ya podemos continuar – dijo Maca que acababa de entrar al despacho - Pero ya todo está dicho, Maca – dijo Valentina mientras retiraba su mano del rostro de Pía - Pues yo todavía no lo tengo claro. Pía, ¿fue Valentina tu cómplice sí o no? Pía calló por unos segundos, miró a Valentina que con la mirada le decía que diga que sí y entonces habló. - Sí… sí, Maca. Valentina fue mi cómplice. - Pero Pía ¿por qué no me dijiste la verdad desde el principio? - Ay Maca no la atormentes, ella simplemente quería que a mí no me pasara nada – dijo Valentina - Ay muchachas… bueno Valentina como sabes ahora tienes que volver. Yo hablaré con mis superiores para que me digan cuánto será el tiempo que estarás aquí. – dijo Maca que ya se había calmado - Uy que mal… entonces voy a mi casa, hago mi maleta y vengo, no? - Sí, me imagino que sí. Pía avísale a Greta que ahora compartirá cuarto con Valentina. Pía asintió, le dirigió una sonrisa a Valen y se retiró del despacho. - ¿Qué? No, Maca espera, con Greta? - Sí, Nina comparte cuarto con Marissa y Greta no, por lo que tiene la cama disponible. - Y Pía? Ella con quién duerme? – preguntó por \"simple curiosidad\" Valentina - Pía trabaja acá, por lo que ella duerme en el cuarto de invitados, aquel que ocupaba Emiliano. - Y… - iba a preguntar Valentina cuando Maca la interrumpió - No, ese cuarto no tiene otra cama disponible. Así que duermes con Greta o duermes sola en otra habitación que también está disponible. – dijo Maca sonriendo al ver la cara de Valentina - Pues… no tengo nada contra Greta… pero preferiría dormir sola. - Okey, entonces ve a tu casa, avísales a tu mamá y hermana, preparas tus cosas y vienes. Yo le diré a Pía que te aliste la habitación. Ni bien Maca terminó de decir eso, Valentina salió rápidamente rumbo a su casa. Llegó, no encontró ni a su hermana ni a su mamá, por lo que les dejó una nota explicándoles lo sucedido y en donde prometía llamar al día siguiente para darles más detalles. Fue a su cuarto, alistó su maleta y su infaltable guitarra y se dirigió a la calle a tomar un taxi para ir de regreso a casa de Maca. Mientras sucedía eso, en casa de Maca, Pía ya se encontraba alistando la habitación en la que estaría Valentina. \"Bueno al menos estaremos cerca aunque no sea en el mismo cuarto\" pensó \" a no ser que…\" . Pía terminó de alistar la habitación y se dirigió al despacho a hablar con Maca. Antes de tocar la puerta, escuchó que Maca estaba hablando por teléfono y decidió quedarse ahí afuera escuchando para saber de qué trataba. \"10 meses entonces… Sí, lo siento, yo no tenía ni la más mínima idea… Sí, estoy consciente… No, pero… ¿Están dudando de mi trabajo?... Ajá, bueno, entonces si no hay otra salida… está bien, nos vemos, hasta luego\" . Pía escuchó algunos pasos provenir hacia ella así que se dispuso a tocar la puerta. Al segundo Maca abrió. - Pía, ¿qué pasa? - Nada Maca, venía para hablar sobre los cuartos. - ¿Algo pasó en el de Valentina? - No, no es eso. Es solo que yo en mi cuarto me he sentido muy solitaria y estaba pensando en si tal vez me podría cambiar al de Valentina para dormir acompañada. - ¿Al de Valentina… y por qué no al de Greta? - … Ah es que… tú sabes Maca, Greta necesita mucho que pensar sobre lo que ha pasado, necesita meditar sola… - Ajá, claro… - dijo Maca con una sonrisa pícara en su rostro – pero bueno está bien. - Ay gracias Maca! – dijo Pía sonriendo mientras le daba un abrazo - Ya Pía ya… ya terminaron de cenar todas no? Diles que ya vayan a sus cuartos. - Si, Maca, ahora mismo voy. Ya toda la habitación estaba en orden. Ya eran las 10 de la noche y Valentina todavía no llegaba. \"Eso no importa, mañana sé que ella estará en la cama de al frente\" pensó Pía. Con ese pensamiento, con una sonrisa en los labios y abrazada a su tortuguita se durmió. Cuarenta minutos después, y luego de haber estado platicando con Maca en el despacho, la puerta se abrió con Valentina pasando con su maleta y guitarra. Pía estaba profundamente dormida y no la sintió llegar. La pelirroja dejó su maleta al costado de su cama junto a la guitarra y se sentó en la cama de su amiga a contemplarla dormir \"Se ve tan hermosa, tan tranquila\" pensaba. Sonrió, le dio un beso tierno en la mejilla y se dirigió a su cama. Bastaba sentir a Pía cerca para que Valentina sintiera una paz interior que la hiciera dormir en apenas unos minutos. A la mañana siguiente, como era costumbre, el despertador sonaba fuertemente y las hacía salir del sueño. Esta vez Valentina se levantó y fue donde Pía a despertarla con cosquillas. Después de forcejear un rato en la cama, ambas cayeron al suelo una encima de otra y, al momento de separarse, se miraron por unos minutos. Las palabras sobraban, las miradas lo decían todo. Fue Valentina quien rompió el silencio: \"Uff ya es tarde, vamos rápido o Maca nos regañará\". Pía le sonrió y fue a cambiarse al baño, mientras que Valentina se comenzó a cambiar ahí mismo. Como tenía que ser, Pía alistaba el desayuno en las noches, para que en las mañanas solo acomodara los alimentos, los sacara de la refrigeradora y sirva la mesa. Todas estaban sentadas en la mesa, cuando el timbre sonó. Pía fue a abrir y llamó a Maca. Una joven de tez blanca, cabello castaño ondulado, de mediana estatura, con una dentadura perfecta y bonita silueta entró a la casa con una maleta y unos papeles en mano. Maca la invitó a su despacho y ordenó continuar el desayuno sin ella. Todas estaban extrañadas. \"Será que esta es peor que Adela?\" decía entre risas Greta. \"Peor que Adela? ¿pero en qué mundo vives? Nadie le gana a Adela siendo una niña mal.\" bromeaba Nina. Pía simplemente mostró una leve sonrisa, al igual que Valentina y Marissa. Después del desayuno, se dividieron el trabajo de la mesa y luego todas juntas se dirigieron al patio a petición de Maca. - Chicas, les presento a Allison. Debido a que cometí el grave error de ponerlas en riesgo a ustedes entregándole la casa a Kike y debido a que ahora Valentina confesó haber sido cómplice de Pía en el robo, mis superiores decidieron mandar a Allison, quien es la hija de la principal y está estudiando Psicología porque aspira a realizar la labor que yo ejerzo en cualquier casa de buenos modales. - Pero, Maca, ella apenas es una chiquilla no debe pasar los 21 años – dijo Marissa - Efectivamente, Allison tiene 20 años, pero es la primera en su clase y ha demostrado ser muy capaz. Obviamente ella no las dirigirá, simplemente chequeará mi labor y me dará algunos datos y/o consejos si lo ve necesario. Las chicas callaron mientras veían a Allison que de verdad parecía toda una niña bien. Y por alguna razón esta no le quitaba los ojos de encima a Pía, algo que Valentina no pasó por alto. - Bueno chicas, entonces ya saben, ella también estará evaluándolas. En cuanto a lo que harán hoy, en la mañana meditarán con una profesora que ya debe de estar por llegar, mientras que en la tarde harán algunos ejercicios contra el estrés. Maca terminó de hablar y Allison la siguió. Las chicas comenzaron a conversar sobre la recién llegada, pero apenas unos minutos después, la profesora las interrumpió para mostrarles qué es lo que iban a trabajar con ella. Durante la clase Pía y Valentina no dejaban de repartirse miradas y sonrisas. Esto no pasó desapercibido por las otras chicas quienes simplemente se reían con picardía. Sin embargo, no eran las únicas, Allison también había estado observando la clase. Sin embargo, Pía no podía quedarse mucho tiempo, pues tenía labores que hacer en la casa, por lo que después de un rato, abandonó el patio para dirigirse al jardín. Allison la siguió con la mirada y decidió darle el alcance.[Chapter 3] Muchas gracias a tods por sus reviews! Se siente muy bonito que les guste el fic, así que trataré de actualizarlo todos los días. Buena vibra y besos para tods! Pía se colocó un chaleco antes de comenzar con las flores. Cogió la manguera de agua, la conectó y se dispuso a regar las plantas. - Ey… hola. Tú eres Pía, ¿cierto? - Ah? Hola – respondió Pía que había perdido un poco el control de la manguera – Sí, mucho gusto. Eres Allison, verdad? -Sí, sí… Veo que se llevan bien todas ustedes. - Sí bueno, esta casa nos unió mucho a todas. Nos volvimos algo así como una familia, aunque nos falta una integrante que es Adela. Pero estamos felices por ella porque al final aceptó sus sentimientos y se fue con su príncipe azul. – dijo Pía con una sonrisa - Ah sí? Para mí, el príncipe azul se destiñe con la primera lavada – dijo en tono de broma Allison - Pues no creo que sea el caso de Ignacio, el novio de Adela. Ellos estaban hechos el uno para el otro – decía Pía con un tono risueño - Bueno entonces yo también estaré feliz por ella… y tú? Tú tienes un príncipe azul? Pía se sonrojó por un momento y bajó la mirada con una sonrisa de enamorada. - Pues no sé. A veces parece que sí, otras veces que no. - Uf pues no sé qué dudas podría tener este príncipe para no decidirse. Si fuera mi caso, yo no desperdiciaría ninguna chance contigo – dijo Allison en tono serio Pía se quedó un poco anonadada pero después ambas rieron al mismo tiempo. Por otro lado, en el patio de la casa, Valentina miraba todos los rincones de la habitación esperando encontrar a Pía con la esperanza de que tal vez su amiga ya haya terminado sus trabajos, pero no la vio asomarse ni una sola vez. Decidió entonces volver a poner su mente en la meditación, pero en ese instante la imagen de su hermana y su mamá se le vino a la mente. \"Caramba, olvidé darles una llamada. Llamaré al trabajo de mi madre a ver si la encuentro, porque si no lo hago, serían capaces de venir acá a reprocharme\" pensó. Con esa idea, y ya que la clase estaba por terminar, Valentina le pidió permiso a la profesora para salir y realizar la llamada. Inmediatamente salió del patio y se dirigió al despacho de Maca para comentarle lo de la llamada y así poder realizarla. Maca aceptó rápidamente, así que la dejó sola en la habitación para que se sintiera más cómoda al hablar con su madre. \"… Sí, yo sé, pero ¿en qué hubiera cambiado?... Sí… sí… ay, ya te dije… sí, ya sé… ya, okey… está bien, nos vemos\" . Colgó. Valentina sin darse cuenta había terminado junto a la ventana con el teléfono. Sus ojos pusieron la vista hacia el exterior y no le gustó nada lo que veía: afuera, en el jardín, Pía reía muy plácidamente con Allison mientras ambas jugaban con las plantas y la nueva hacía muecas graciosas. \"¿Por qué Pía se ríe tan bobamente con la chica nueva? No la conoce nada. Debe ser una aburrida niña bien\" se decía a sí misma Valentina con una cara de desagrado. - Oye en serio no lo había notado, tienes razón! – decía Pía riéndose - Pues claro. A estas alturas ya deberías saber que Allison siempre tiene la razón – decía orgullosamente Allison mientras aguantaba la risa -Uy sí sí, jajajaja… Uf creo que se me ha hecho un poquitín tarde, tengo que terminar de preparar el almuerzo. Me voy a la cocina, nos hablamos luego. – decía Pía mientras se quitaba el chaleco y se dirigía a la casa - Ah claro, okey, nos vemos. Un gusto conocerte, Pía. - Igualmente – dijo Pía mientras volteaba para verla despedirse y luego volver a mirar su ruta para la cocina Valentina vio a Pía dirigirse a la cocina. Después de unos minutos, decidió seguirla. - Ey, tú, desaparecida – dijo Valentina al entrar a la cocina - Valen! ¿Cómo es eso de desaparecida? Estuve arreglando el jardín, además no te he visto como en ¿1 hora? Tampoco es para que lo exageres – decía Pía sonriendo - \"¿1 hora? Esa infinidad de tiempo en que no la había visto había solo sido 1 hora?\" Sí, tranquila solo estaba bromeando… ¿qué estás preparando? – dijo Valentina intentando cambiar el tema - Estoy probando con algo nuevo. He seguido una receta que leí por Internet, el plato se llama \"Ají de gallina\". - Bueno, siempre y cuando no nos intoxiques… - Oye! – dijo Pía mientras le daba un pequeño empujoncito – No cocino tan mal. - No, no taaan mal – decía Valentina mientras le ponía sus manos en los hombros riendo - Ay qué mala eres Valentina, me bajas la moral. Acaso has probado algo mío antes? Valentina se quedó sin palabras mientras miraba los ojos de su amiga. Pía recién en ese momento se dio cuenta del doble sentido que habían tenido sus palabras. - Eh, disculpen chicas. Pía, ¿ya está lista la comida? Maca dice que te has tardado un poco – dijo Allison que acababa de entrar - Sí, sí, ya está. Enseguida sirvo la mesa. - Okey, yo les aviso a las chicas por ti. Te espero – dijo Allison con una sonrisa coqueta mientras se iba - Ahm… ¿qué fue eso? – preguntó Valentina - Ah? ¿de qué hablas? Por favor lleva los individuales a la mesa – dijo Pía que estaba un poco agitada terminando de alistar todo Valentina se quedó con la intriga en la boca, pero simplemente buscó los individuales y alistó la mesa. Como siempre, cada una tenía los mismos asientos. Pero para su mala suerte, Allison se sentaría a su costado, en el sitio el cual solía ocupar Adela . \"Al menos no estará junto a Pía\" pensó. El almuerzo transcurrió sin ningún inconveniente, excepto que los exagerados buenos modales de Allison fastidiaban a Valentina. Pía, Marissa, Nina, Greta e inclusive Maca disfrutaban el espectáculo. Terminada la comida, se dividieron las labores para arreglar la mesa. Luego, las chicas fueron llamadas a realizar la segunda actividad que tendrían junto a la profesora que las esperaba en el área de la piscina. Esta vez Pía no pudo acompañarlas debido a que andaba un poco atrasada con las obligaciones. Allison, aunque quería otra vez pasar tiempo con Pía, no pudo debido a que tenía que analizar a las demás chicas. Una vez terminada la actividad, las chicas subieron a darse un baño y tendrían un descanso libre de media hora para luego bajar a la cena. Pía, como era de esperarse, había estado ocupada toda la tarde y debía aprovechar ese descanso para alistar la cena. Todas bajaron luego del tiempo dado y la merienda se realizó un poco callada: hacían falta las bromas de Adela y las ocurrencias de diva de Nina, además de que todavía no tenían mucha confianza con la recién llegada. Una vez terminada la cena, Pía se llevó los platos a la cocina, mientras las demás subían a sus recámaras. - Wow, que tú no te cansas? – dijo Allison mientras entraba a la cocina al ver a Pía lavar los platos - Pues es mi trabajo. Pero no, en realidad con tal de estar en esta casa, haría cualquier cosa. - Ah si? Y eso por qué? - Pues es que este es mi hogar. Aquí pude encontrarme otra vez a mí misma. - Ah… Oye, cambiando de tema, noto muy triste a Greta, ¿tan feo fue por lo que pasó, que sintió que debía volver? - ¿No lo sabes? Me extraña – dijo Pía mientras volvía su mirada a los trastes que lavaba - ¿Por qué te extraña? - Pues porque prácticamente eres la mano derecha de Maca, imaginé que sabrías el historial de todas. - Pues no. Maca solo me dijo las primeras causas que las trajeron a todas. En el caso de la castaña, sé que ella sufría problemas con su familia, que la hacían vivir algo así como una doble personalidad: niña bien de día, niña mal de noche. - Bueno sí, fue una etapa un poco difícil para ella. Pero bueno, felizmente todo se solucionó y ahora ella está tratando de volver a ser ella misma mientras termina de salir de la burbuja en la que había estado toda su vida. - Entonces, si ya todo está bien, ¿por qué necesitó regresar? – preguntó con curiosidad - Pues es que… - No me digas. ¿Algún chico? – decía como si fuera experta en eso - Pues sí, se llama Emiliano. Ella ya había tenido problemas de dependencia hacia los hombres, eso era lo que la había hecho convertirse en Lola por las noches, ella buscaba sorprender a su ex prometido Kike. Las cosas se salieron de control, ella tiempo después se dio cuenta que Kike era un hombre que no valía la pena. Fue en esos instantes en que conoció a Emiliano, que era el joven encargado de hacer las labores fuertes de la casa. - Ah sí, Maca sí me habló de Emiliano y me contó que se involucró con una de las chicas, pero no me dijo con quién y no me pareció pertinente preguntarle. Pero… y qué paso? No funcionó, cierto? - Pues no, Greta al parecer había cometido los mismos errores que con Kike: ella no se enamoraba, sino que ella sentía que debía depender de un hombre, inconscientemente. Por ello, y con el corazón roto después de haber visto a Emiliano con otra, decidió volver a casa de Maca. - Ay, siempre es la misma historia con ese tipo de chicas… hombres. - … Sí. Me alegra que a mí no me gusten – dijo Pía mientras ya se arrepentía de haberlo dicho - Ni a mí… - dijo Allison mientras se colocaba muy cerca a Pía Pia bajó la mirada y cuando se disponía a seguir con la conversación, la puerta se abrió: era Valentina. - Uhm perdón, lamento interrumpir – decía Valentina mientras mataba con la mirada a Allison - Pues más vale que sí – dijo Allison, sin controlar sus palabras, con una mirada retadora - Uf, qué fea vibra traes… Igual, yo solo venía por… por una manzana – respondió Valen que ya había apartado suavemente a Allison de Pía para ponerse en medio de las dos - Ah pues, creo que las manzanas están allá – dijo Allison señalando la cesta de frutas que se encontraba junto a la puerta - Ah sí. ¿Me puedes alcanzar una? – preguntó Valentina con frescura - Pero tú eres la que quiere la manzana – dijo riendo Allison - Ahm sí, pero tú eres la que tiene que chequear a las chicas, entonces tú me puedes tirar la manzana cuando ya estés por irte por la puerta – dijo Valentina sonando victoriosa Allison no supo cómo responder, así que, casi por impulso de derrota, se acercó a la cesta de frutas y le tiró suavemente una manzana a Valentina, acto seguido se retiró de la cocina. - ¿Pero qué fue eso Valen? – dijo Pía riendo -Ah? … Valentina le sonrió a Pía y le agarró una de las mejillas. Unos segundos después la soltó y se dirigió a la puerta. Dejó la manzana en la cesta antes de salir de la cocina para luego dirigirse a su cuarto. Pía simplemente soltó risas de enamorada. Valentina subió las escaleras y cuando cruzaba por el patio que dirigía a su habitación, se encontró con la sorpresa de que Allison la estaba esperando en la puerta. - Ehm… disculpa, quiero entrar – dijo Valentina - Sí, claro, pero antes necesito que me respondas algo. - Uhm, pues cualquier cosa con tal de que me dejes entrar – dijo riendo Valentina - ¿Pía y tú son novias? – preguntó con tono serio Allison - ¿Novias? No, no, solo amigas… - respondió Valentina después de unos segundos - Ah okey, nos vemos mañana, buenas noches – dijo Allison con una sonrisa mientras se apartaba de la puerta. \" Locas, locas. Todas las niñas bien están mal de la cabeza\" pensó Valentina mientras entraba a su cuarto pero sin haber cerrado la puerta. - Pero, ¿y si te dijera que te alejaras de Pía?, ¿lo harías? - dijo Valentina en voz alta saliendo del cuarto esperando encontrar a Allison, sin embargo esta ya se había ido. Valentina entonces cerró la puerta sin saber exactamente por qué había dicho eso último. Se echó en la cama de Pía, sin darse cuenta, y prendió su reproductor de música esperando poder distraerse un poco. \"Hace tiempo que no escucho la radio, démosle una oportunidad\" se dijo a sí misma. Colocó el radio-mode y empezó a escuchar las canciones que no duraban mucho, ya que cambiaba de emisora rápidamente: \" Como lo pensé todo sucedió, siento que esa puerta al fin se abrió entre los dos\", \"…Quiero ser tu amigo con derechos, puntos suspensivos\", \"…Yo me quedo contigo, aunque sea prohibido. No digas que no\", \"…será un antes un después. Inevitable resistir\", \"…Quiero pertenecerte, ser algo en tu vida\", \"… Te amo, aunque no es tan fácil de decir\", \"… I'm lucky, I'm in love with my best friend\" . Valentina apagó su reproductor de música y pensó: \"Wow, definitivamente ahora sé por qué no escuchaba la radio\" . Volteó su cabeza y vio a la tortuguita de Pía. La verdad era que ese peluche le resultaba muy adorable. Justo en el momento en que Valen abrazaba a la tortuguita contra su pecho, Pía entró y rió tiernamente. - ¿Qué haces Valentina? ¿Acaso me vas a robar mi tortuguita? - Uhm… no lo había pensado… tal vez de esa manera me vea tan tierna como tú – dijo con una sonrisa Valentina - Oh no, yo sin mi tortuguita no puedo dormir – dijo riendo Pía - Pues, si la quieres de vuelta, tendrás que quitármela – habló Valentina con un tono retador Así, Pía comenzó a corretear a Valentina alrededor de la habitación. Valentina se detuvo al costado del armario chocando contra él y subió la mano que tenía el peluche lo más alto que pudo para que Pía no pudiese agarrarlo. Pía forcejeaba por alcanzarlo y ninguna evitaba el contacto corporal que ello provocaba. De pronto Valentina movió un poco su cuerpo, lo que provocó que tropezara y cayera boca arriba en la cama llevándose consigo a Pía, que ahora se encontraba encima de ella. De pronto sus miradas comenzaron a decirlo todo y el peluche dejó de ser el centro de atención. Pía no esperó mucho tiempo para acercar sus labios a los de la pelirroja, mientras que esta no ponía resistencia alguna. Sus labios cayeron en lo inevitable y, una vez pegados, se comenzaron a mover con lentitud y a un ritmo perfecto. Valentina soltó el peluche que tenía en la mano y circuló con sus brazos la cintura de Pía …[Chapter 4] Ciegazul: qué bueno que te guste! beso grande para ti también compatriota :D paxhunter13 : sí! yo creo que todas queríamos ver esta faceta de Valen, gracias por leer ^^ kellyth : Gracias! espero que los capítulos que sigan continúen gustándote (: yasliz : :o compatriota! me alegra que te haya gustado! :D JackieVodka : sí, aunque creo que actualizo demasiado rápido xD espera, ya la conocerás más :D GinebraRemyHadley : No tienes nada qué disculparte (: espero que este capi te guste! :D RiotIs : aw gracias! significa mucho que te ponga feliz ^^ saludos y espero ansiosa el final de \"Sin Caer\"! Y gracias a todas las que leen en general y gracias por sus felicitaciones por twitter, se siente muy bonito que disfruten del fic. Ayer no pude subir el nuevo capi porque bueno... era viernes xD y además no lo había terminado. Como compensación lo terminé hoy haciéndolo muy largo (tal vez demasiado, disculpen .). Espero que les guste! (: Ni una ni otra mostraba el más mínimo interés en detenerse. Poco a poco, el beso empezaba a llenarse de energía. Pía sintió de pronto cómo tímidamente la lengua de Valentina pedía permiso para entrar a su boca, y una vez adentro, su lengua y la de su amada se entendían a la perfección y se necesitaban con urgencia. Los besos, con el paso de los minutos, se comenzaron a tornar húmedos y algo ruidosos. Las manos de Valentina comenzaban recorridos de nunca acabar sobre la espalda de Pía, mientras que esta última jugaba con los cabellos rojizos de su amiga. Ambas se encontraban viviendo el momento, olvidándose de todo lo demás. Habían olvidado que estaban en casa de Maca, habían olvidado trancar la puerta, habían olvidado que cualquiera de las chicas, o inclusive Maca, podría entrar en cualquier momento, se habían olvidado de todo: lo único que importaba eran ellas. Dejándose llevar por sus sentimientos, Valentina enroscó nuevamente sus brazos a la cintura de Pía y la movió a su costado buscando cambiar posiciones: ahora ella se encontraba arriba de la morena. Los besos no bajaban de intensidad y ya cuando parecía que lo que ambas deseaban sucedería, las confusiones de Valentina volvieron a aparecer. Rápidamente comenzaron a nublar su mente, pero esta vez no era Axl el que la fastidiaba, sino su hermana y su madre con cara de reproche. Valentina detuvo bruscamente el beso, miró a los ojos a Pía, puso una cara de confusión, se paró lentamente, se dirigió a su cama, se echó en ella y no dijo ni una sola palabra. Pía, que se había quedado medio echada en su cama mientras veía cómo su amada huía nuevamente, simplemente quería que el mundo se la tragara. Se colocó ambas manos en la cara y sintiendo que no valdría la pena hablarlo en ese momento, ya que la huida de la pelirroja lo decía todo, se dispuso a acomodarse en su cama para dormir. Ninguna pudo conciliar el sueño esa noche: Valentina solo podía pensar en por qué había pasado aquello, por qué la había besado, por qué la había deseado; mientras que Pía lloraba internamente porque entendía que Valentina una vez más había huido de sus sentimientos, una vez más la había lastimado, y al fin comenzaba a resignarse a que su pelirroja no sería capaz de aceptarse a sí misma. A la mañana siguiente el despertador sonó fuertemente, como cualquier otro día, y despertó a Valentina. Esta no quería ir a apagarlo debido a que el aparato se encontraba cerca a la cama de Pía y, por el momento, no podía ver la cara de la persona que causaba sus confusiones. El despertador no dejaba de sonar y esto ya le había provocado algo de desesperación a la pelirroja, por lo que esta se dispuso a ir a desactivarlo aunque tuviese que soportar una mala mirada de su compañera que bien merecida tendría, pero se equivocó: cuando se levantó de la cama, observó que la otra ya estaba tendida. Esto significaba que Pía ya había bajado, ya que la puerta del baño estaba abierta y no se escuchaban ruidos provenir de él. Se paró más tranquila a apagarlo y se sintió aliviada, pero este alivio no duró mucho pues que Pía no estuviese en la habitación significaba que la cosa estaba peor de lo que imaginaba. Se dio un baño frío que le sentó de maravilla, por alguna razón había sentido que lo necesitaba. Se terminó de alistar y bajó al comedor. Para su sorpresa ni siquiera Maca se encontraba presente; al parecer, ella había sido la primera en bajar. Cuando se disponía a regresar a su cuarto, ya a punto de subir las escaleras, escuchó risas y murmullos que provenían de la cocina. \"No, seguramente es Pía\" pensó mientras volvía su mirada a las escaleras. Puso un pie en el primer escalón y las risas volvieron, lo que hizo que se detuviera nuevamente. Su corazón comenzó a acelerarse y aunque sabía que no debía ir, su corazón y la curiosidad ganaron, por lo que se dirigió a la puerta de la cocina, pegó una oreja a la misma y se quedó inmóvil a escuchar… - No, anda vamos di que sí – decía en tono suplicante Allison mientras reía - No, es que en serio no sé cantar – respondió Pía que seguía el juego - Ay, anda, no me obligues a hacerte cantar. Mira que yo tengo muchas tácticas que nunca fallan que te harán cambiar de opinión. – dijo Allison en tono coqueto - Ah si? Pues no lo creo, yo puedo resistir muchas cosas – dijo Pía retándola - Bueno tú lo quisiste así… - Ay no, no qué haces… no… no… - decía Pía mientras reía muy coquetamente Valentina casi por instinto se alejó de la puerta y sus piernas comenzaron a correr muy rápido en dirección a su recámara. En menos de un minuto, ya se encontraba echada en su cama botando algunas lágrimas más que de tristeza, eran de impotencia y furia consigo misma. ¿Qué había sido eso? ¿Allison estaba coqueteando con Pía? Y lo que es peor… ¿Pía le correspondía? . Eso último la hizo retorcerse y estrujar fuertemente a la pobre almohada que no tenía la culpa de nada. \" ¿Pero de qué me quejo? Es que Pía es mi mejor amiga y Allison no me da buena espina… claro, es eso… \" pensaba. De pronto, el sonido de la puerta abriéndose la sacó de sus pensamientos. - Valentina, ya es hora del desayuno – dijo Maca con voz serena - Sí, Maca. Enseguida bajo – respondió Valentina que no había ni siquiera volteado a verla - Todo bien Valentina? – preguntó Maca al ver su ánimo - Ah? Sí todo bien Maca, no pasa nada – dijo Valentina, casi sin escuchar a Maca. Su cabeza no dejaba de pensar en lo de Allison Maca no quiso insistir más, seguramente después tendría tiempo para hacerla hablar de aquello que la tenía así. Cerró la puerta y se dirigió a despertar a las demás chicas. Apenas un minuto después, Valentina salió: sus pasos iban al comedor, mientras su mente divagaba sobre el porqué de la rápida buena relación que habían formado Allison y Pía. Cuando llegó al comedor, notó a Greta leyendo un libro en la mesa, cosa que le pareció rara ya que nunca la había visto leer, aunque apenas unos segundos después entendió el porqué: Pía y Allison reían muy coquetamente y se encontraban demasiado cerca la una de la otra en la fila que daba a su al frente en la mesa. Entonces el libro que Greta fingía leer era simplemente una forma de salida a la incomodidad en que seguramente se hallaba. Sin embargo, conforme su mente iba asimilando lo que estaba viendo, se dio cuenta de que Allison se encontraba en el lugar en que la pelirroja solía sentarse siempre, aquel que estaba junto a Pía en el medio de la fila. Sus impulsos querían correrla de su asiento, pero su vergüenza con Pía y su poca valentía se guardaron las quejas y simplemente se sentó en el lugar sobrante, aquel que el día anterior había ocupado Allison. Pasaron uno, dos, tres minutos y las risas y coqueteos tan evidentes de Allison no paraban. Valentina simplemente miraba al lado opuesto con una cara de desagrado completa. ¿Qué tanto se demora Maca con las otras chicas que no baja y corrige esto? Por Dios, estamos en la mesa, esto no es un lugar de citas\" pensaba Valentina que no iba a poder aguantar por mucho tiempo más aquello. - Perdón chicas, a Nina se le vino uno de sus \"Diva-ataques\" y no quería despertarse – dijo Maca soltando algunas risas, pero notó rápidamente el ambiente tenso y prosiguió – alguna novedad? - \"Uf pues, la señorita niña bien le tiene ganas a Pía\" … Nada por mi parte – simplemente se limitó a decir Valentina, que mucho le hubiera gustado expresarle lo de Allison - Pues yo ando leyendo este libro, Maca. – dijo Greta mientras le enseñaba la portada - \"El amor en los tiempos del cólera\", muy buena elección Greta – dijo Maca orgullosa - Uy sí, ese libro es muy bueno. El amor, aunque tarde, triunfa – dijo Allison mientras le dedicaba una sonrisa a Pía - Que no puedes callarte? – dijo sobresaltada Valentina que al notar que sus palabras no solamente se habían quedado en su mente, agregó rápidamente – es que no ves que ya le arruinaste el final a Greta? Ahora ya sabe que van a quedar juntos. - Ah perdón no fue mi intención – dijo Allison un poco intimidada - Ay Valentina pero no es para tanto. En la mayoría de novelas hay final feliz, a veces lo más interesante es el camino. No es para que le pegues a la pobre de Allison – dijo riendo Greta Allison comenzó a reír también y casi por obligación, la pelirroja también comenzó a dibujar una sonrisa en sus labios para disimular el mal momento que ya estaba pasando. En esos instantes, Nina bajó acompañada de Marissa y se dirigieron rápido a sus asientos. - Listo, chicas, ya podemos comenzar el desayuno – dijo Maca mientras alzaba su taza de café El desayuno fue una pesadilla para Valentina. Ya suficiente era no sentir a su amiga a su lado, como para tener que aguantar las bromas que Allison hacía y que les causaba gracia a todas menos a ella. \"Ay si, ahora las bromas ya no son solamente con Pía, no? Ahora que está Maca, vuelves a ser una niña bien, no?\" pensaba Valentina consumida por los celos y amargura. Pero lo que más le dolió fue que durante toda esa hora, nunca antes un desayuno había tardado tanto, Pía no le haya respondido ni una sola mirada. Eso simplemente la mataba. - Tú qué piensas de eso Valentina? – preguntó Maca al ver que no participaba de las conversaciones - Ah? No Maca, ya no tengo hambre – respondió la pelirroja mientras recogía su taza y su plato, que contenía todavía algunas migajas de pan, y se dirigía a la cocina - Oye Pía, por qué Valen huye así? – preguntó Marissa con preocupación mientras Valentina desaparecía de la habitación - Lo mismo me pregunto yo Mari… lo mismo me pregunto yo – dijo Pía con una sonrisa disimulada Apenas unos minutos después, Maca ordenó recoger la mesa al darse cuenta de la hora. Las chicas se dividieron el trabajo y luego volvieron a sus habitaciones. Pía se puso a limpiar la casa, mientras que Allison le entregaba los apuntes que hasta ese momento había obtenido de las chicas. Valentina entró al cuarto y miró la cama de Pía. Flashes de momentos de la noche anterior comenzaron a inundar su mente, lo que le ocasionó un tierno cosquilleo en su cuerpo. Se agarró la cabeza e intentaba detener las imágenes, intentaba detener las emociones que comenzaban a resurgir, pero no podía. El solo hecho de estar ahí junto a la cama de Pía la hacía sentirse feliz, confundida, pero feliz. Decidió sentarse y recordar los buenos momentos que habían pasado juntas… desde la primera noche en que la consoló, pasando por todas las conversaciones que habían tenido, las miradas… los besos. Valentina soltó un suspiro. \"¿Acaso será que de verdad me gusta Pía? Pero es que no, … lo nuestro solo es amistad… no? Aunque…\" pensaba la pelirroja, cuando de pronto la puerta se abrió y ella inmediatamente se paró de la cama. - Ay, Maca, me asustaste – dijo Valen mientras volvía a sentarse en la cama de Pía - Pero qué pasa Valentina, solo venía a saber si todo iba bien, ya que no bajaste al almuerzo. - El almuerzo? – la pelirroja miró el reloj y se dio con la sorpresa que eran las 16:08 – Wao, lo siento Maca, yo juraba que todavía ni mediodía sería. - Mediodía? Pero si han pasado más de 5 horas desde el desayuno. - Lo siento Maca, creo que perdí la noción del tiempo – dijo Valentina que también estaba asombrada: había pasado más de 5 horas pensando en Pía - Todo bien? ¿Algo de lo que quieras hablar? - No, no te preocupes Maca, no es nada. Maca sabía que algo incomodaba a la pelirroja: ella sabía que Valentina había mentido respecto a ser cómplice del robo, sabía que simplemente lo hacía para estar cerca a Pía; entonces, si pasar tiempo con Pía era lo que la hizo volver a la casa, ¿qué era lo que la tenía tan deprimida y por qué actuaba distante con su amiga? Eso solo podía significar una cosa: pelea de pareja. \"Seguramente se arreglarán más tarde, siempre lo hacen. Una nunca se debe meter en lío de novios... bueno novias en este caso\" pensó Maca. - Okey, cualquier cosa estaré en el despacho – terminó diciendo Maca mientras se retiraba del cuarto Valentina apenas la escuchó irse, puesto que su mente ya había vuelto a pensar en Pía. \"¿Qué es esto, Pía? ¿Qué es esto que siento por ti? ¿Qué esto que me obliga a tenerte cerca para sentirme bien, qué es esto que me da ganas de sacar a Allison a patadas de esta casa, qué es esto que hace que necesite de tus miradas y sonrisas? ¿Qué es?\" pensaba Valentina mientras que sus ojos se cerraban y se dejaban llevar por el sueño. Pía sabía que ella era la culpable de que Valentina no haya bajado al almuerzo, pero no imaginaba que el disgusto sobre los besos haya ocasionado tanto. Eso la ponía mal, muy mal: Valentina no la quería o no la podía ni ver. \"Supongo que este es el final. Yo ya no puedo continuar esto, me hago daño a mí misma y se lo hago a ella. Creo que ella nunca podrá aceptar sus sentimientos ya sea por su familia o por el simple miedo a ser señalada… La única solución es alejarme de ella, yo no puedo ser su amiga… no puedo, pero trataré. Tal vez este no sea el momento adecuado para actuar como si nada hubiera pasado, pero intentaré de ahora en adelante tragarme las miradas bobas, tragarme mis deseos de abrazarla, de besarla… intentaré ser tu amiga, Valentina\" pensaba Pía mientras terminaba de limpiar la cocina y ya preparaba la cena. \"Avísales a las chicas, cuando ya esté lista la comida, para que bajen. Asegúrate que bajen todas\" le había dicho Maca hace unos momentos, por lo que, una vez lista la cena, Pía se quitó el mandil y se dirigió a las recámaras. El sonido de alguien tocando la puerta despertó a Valentina. - Ya está lista la comida – decía la voz que provenía del exterior de una forma seca - Ya bajo, Pía – respondió la pelirroja mientras notaba que había estado dormida en la cama que contenía el aroma de su amiga El tan solo sentir la esencia de Pía, la hacía sentirse bien. \"Tengo que hablar con ella, pero esta vez tengo que hablar con la mano en el corazón. Tengo que decirle tal y cual me siento. Tengo que expresarle mis confusiones, tengo que sacar esto que me come por dentro. Tengo que decirle que la necesito, tengo que decirle que me dé tiempo con esto, tengo que decirle todo lo que le pueda decir\" pensaba Valentina. Apenas volviendo al 100% a la realidad, la pelirroja bajó corriendo al comedor para evitar que Allison nuevamente ocupe su sitio. Lo consiguió: ella era la primera en bajar. Se colocó en su asiento y saludó a Maca que era la única junto a ella en la habitación. - Ya mejor? – le preguntó Maca -Sí, Maca, te dije que todo estaba bien – expresó Valen agregando una sonrisa Pasos se acercaban al comedor. Allison bajaba con Greta teniendo en su mano su libreta verde de apuntes y un lapicero. \" Al fin se puso a realizar lo que en verdad venía a hacer acá\" pensó riendo Valen. Allison notó a la pelirroja en el lugar que ella esperaba ocupar, por lo que observando toda la mesa, decidió irse a la fila de enfrente, exactamente en el asiento medio que daba cara a cara con Valentina. Greta notó las miradas asesinas que ambas se daban y simplemente rió mientras se colocaba en su asiento de siempre (entre Maca y el asiento en que Allison se encontraba). Pía comenzó a servir los platos a pesar de que Nina y Marissa todavía no estaban presentes. Apenas terminaba de hacerlo, cuando Allison alzó su mano señalando el asiento junto a ella para indicarle que se sentara a su costado, a lo que Pía no dudó en responder con una sonrisa y hacerle caso. Valentina sintió como si alguien le apuñalara el corazón. Nina y Marissa llegaron al comedor y observaron que los únicos asientos disponibles estaban separados, por lo que le pidieron a Valentina que corriera un asiento. Esta, sin importarle nada ya, lo hizo y quedó al costado de Maca. La cena parecía amena para todas, menos para Valentina, que tenía cara de sentirse miserable, algo que no pasó inadvertido por Maca. - Bueno chicas, ya todas terminaron, así que arreglen la mesa y ya se pueden retirar a sus cuartos. - Maca, después puedo hablar contigo? – preguntó Pía - Sí claro, estaré en el despacho – respondió Maca mientras se retiraba de la habitación Las chicas se repartieron las labores, algunas llevaron los platos a la cocina mientras otras limpiaban la mesa. Una vez terminado, una a una se iban retirando a las recámaras. Allison le dio el alcance a Marissa con su libreta en mano; al parecer, estaría ocupada. Valentina no quiso desaprovechar la oportunidad y decidió ir a la cocina, donde probablemente Pía estaría. - Pía, podemos hablar?- dijo Valentina mientras entraba en la cocina - Lo siento, Valen, estoy un poco ocupada – respondió la morena sin quitarle los ojos de encima a los platos que lavaba - Y más tarde? Antes de acostarnos? - Creo que tampoco, es que hablaré con Maca. Valentina notó la incomodidad en que Pía se encontraba, ella sabía que esto le era difícil. Pero la pelirroja tal vez lo único que buscaba era volver a sentir la tan tierna mirada de su amiga… no lo consiguió. Soltó un suspiro mirando al suelo, volvió sus ojos a ella y la contempló por unos segundos; luego, se volteó para encaminarse a su recámara. Pía todavía no iba a poder resistir las casi seguras excusas que su pelirroja le daría. \"Solo amigas, quedemos como amigas\", algo así serían sus palabras. Terminó sus labores en la cocina y se dirigió al despacho para hablar con Maca. - Maca, puedo pasar? – preguntó Pía mientras tocaba la puerta - Claro, adelante… ¿De qué querías hablarme? – respondió Maca mientras le hacía señas indicándole que tomara asiento - Nada importante, sólo quería saber si me podría cambiar de cuarto. - Cambiar de cuarto? Pero no puedes cambiarte cuando se te dé la gana Pía. Vas cuatro noches acá y ya has estado en dos cuartos. - Sí, pero Maca ya no te pediré otro cambio. - ¿Qué ha pasado con Valentina? - Ah? No, no tiene nada que ver. Es solo que creo que ya me había acostumbrado al cuarto de invitados. - Uhm… pero ahora Allison duerme allí. -Sí, yo sé, pero esa cama es una cama doble, no habría problema en acomodarla. - Pues bueno si así lo quieres… - Gracias Maca Pía se levantó de la silla, salió del despacho y se dirigió al que todavía era su cuarto, aquel que compartía con Valentina. Maca sabía que el cambio de habitación y lo mal que había estado Valentina estaban conectados. - Ahora si podemos hablar? – preguntó Valentina, que estaba sentada en su cama, al ver entrar a Pía - No entiendo de qué quieres hablar – dijo Pía mientras comenzaba a meter su ropa a la maleta dentro del armario - Sí sabes – dijo Valentina que no se había dado cuenta de lo que Pía estaba haciendo - Pero para qué lo quieres hablar? Ya sé lo que vas a decir – contestó mientras seguía empacando - No, espera. Es que creo que no has entendido… - No, no te preocupes, ahora créeme que sí lo he hecho. Sé que solo seremos amigas, amigas, amigas y solamente amigas – dijo Pía volteando, con la maleta en mano, a verla con una lágrima que quería caer sobre su mejilla - ¿Qué es eso? No me digas que te vas de la casa… – dijo Valentina que recién se percataba - No, no me voy, solo me mudo de cuarto, es la solución – dijo Pía mientras recogía lo último de su parte del ropero - La solución? No, Pía es que no has escuchado lo que tengo que decir - No tengo que hacerlo, ya sé lo que dirás. Al igual que sé que esto es lo mejor, no puedo dormir en el cuarto en el que… en el que tu estés, me hace daño – dijo Pía mientras la lágrima se rendía y se dejaba caer en su tierna mejilla - Pero es que… - No, no te preocupes… yo entiendo. – dijo Pía en un tono muy triste mientras cargaba su maleta y buscaba su tortuguita. Comenzó a buscarla con la vista, pero no la hallaba. Valentina leyó sus pensamientos y señaló debajo de la cama. Pía lo recogió y recordó entonces cómo había llegado allí, luego se retiró. Valentina sabía que debió haberle hablado, debió haberle dicho que las cosas estaban diferentes, debió haberle dicho que ya no estaba segura si solamente la quería como amiga… pero ya era tarde. \"Bueno, no es que se haya ido de la casa, simplemente se ha mudado de cuarto con Greta\" pensó mientras se acomodaba en la cama para dormir. Pasaban los minutos, sin embargo su mente no la dejaba dormir y su cuerpo no podía descansar si no sentía cerca a su amiga. Levantó la mirada y el reloj marcaba 23:11. Decidió levantarse e ir al cuarto de Greta. Tal vez solo el ver la cara angelical que Pía adoptaba cuando dormía, le daría aquella paz que necesitaba para dormir. Cruzó el patio y giró lentamente la manija de la puerta. La abrió sin hacer ruido y observó a Greta durmiendo plácidamente, levantó un poco más la vista y vio la otra cama. Para su sorpresa, esta estaba vacía. \"No, no puede ser, Pía me dijo que no se iba, que solo se cambiaría de cuarto… Habrá mentido para que no la detenga? No, no, no!\" pensaba Valentina con una cara de enojo. Cerró lentamente la puerta y se dirigió al despacho de Maca. Maca siempre solía acostarse tarde, así que supuso que la encontraría todavía allí. - Maca, qué bueno que te encuentro – dijo Valentina un poco sobresaltada - Valentina, qué haces despierta. Qué pasa? – preguntó Maca un poco preocupada - Dime que Pía no se fue de la casa, dímelo - Tranquila, cálmate. No, no se ha ido. - Pero no está en su cuarto. - No está contigo porque me pidió que la cambiara. - No, no. Eso sí sé. Me refiero a que no está al que se cambió. - Y por qué Allison no me avisó? – dijo Maca hablándose a sí misma en voz alta - Allison? Pues no sé, debe estar durmiendo, qué se va a dar cuenta de eso. - Pues es que ella debe haber sentido que Pía se haya despertado y se haya ido. - Ah? Me perdiste Maca, no te entiendo. - Si Pía se ha escapado, la que debe haber sabido es Allison… ¿Allison sí está en la habitación verdad? O ella también se ha escapado? - Ah? Qué tiene que ver Allison… - Pues ella es su compañera de su cuarto, ella debe ser. Ahora Valentina, dime ¿Allison estaba o no en el cuarto? Valentina se quedó en blanco. \"¿Cómo no había pensado eso? Si Pía dijo que su mudaba de cuarto, no lo decía porque se iba con Greta, sino que se iba con Allison… No, pero eso era imposible, Allison estaba en el cuarto de invitados y ese cuarto solo tenía una cama…\" - Ah? Qué? No sé, yo pensaba que Pía dormía con Greta - Qué? No. Pía duerme con Allison en el de invitados –dijo Maca que comenzaba a entender que todo había sido un malentendido - Pero cómo es eso, si la de invitados solo tiene una cama… - Es una doble, por eso pueden caber dos. - Ey, pero eso no me dijiste cuando llegué, Maca. - Es que lo había olvidado. Pía recién me lo recordó hoy – decía Maca mientras notaba la tristeza de la que Valentina se estaba llenando - ¿qué pasa Valentina? - La cagué, Maca, la cagué. Y no, no me digas que no diga malas palabras, porque es que no hay otras palabras que expliquen mejor lo que hice… - ¿Algo que yo pueda hacer? – preguntó Maca sintiéndose inútil - No… pero igual gracias. Buenas noches Maca, perdón por el susto – dijo Valentina mientras se retiraba del despacho - Buenas noches Valentina… - dijo Maca que no sabía cómo ayudarla Pensar que dormía con Greta no cambiaba nada las cosas, pero saber que dormía con Allison… con Allison! eso simplemente era para morirse. Si antes Valentina no podía conciliar el sueño, ahora las cosas serían peor. Llegó a la puerta de su cuarto, pero no podía entrar. Su mente y su cuerpo tenían que saber cómo estaba Pía con Allison. Se dirigió entonces al cuarto de invitados y escuchó pequeñas risas y murmullos provenir de él. \"Por qué! Por qué el cuarto no podía estar en silencio? Por qué no podrían haber estado durmiendo? Por qué tenían que estar pasando un momento agradable? Por qué, por qué…\" pensaba Valentina mientras pegaba su oreja a la puerta. - Uf, pues yo hace tiempo que no veo la TV. Aquí en casa de Maca, mis tiempos libres los usaba para hablar con Valen… nos divertíamos mucho juntas… - Divertíamos? En tiempo pasado? - Bueno, supongo que nos seguiremos divirtiendo… - No suenas muy convincente Pía… ha pasado algo, verdad? - No, no, nada. Valentina y yo somos buenas amigas… eso es todo. - Ah… Pero a ti te gustaría que eso fuera algo más, me equivoco? Valentina estaba tan concentrada en la conversación, que no había escuchado los pasos que se acercaban a ella. - Valentina, ¿qué se supone que estás haciendo? to be continued...[Chapter 5] JackieVodka : No te preocupes, yo actualizo rápido, aquí está el nuevo capi, ojalá te guste xD Bueno a Pía le faltaba una buena amiga, no? :D 14789635 : Pues gracias! Ni yo sé como le hago, solo me inspiro y escribo :D No te preocupes que Pía no sufrirá... Espero que sigas comentando compatriota ^^ paxhunter13 : jajaja noo no mueras xD Ojalá te guste este capítulo ^^ GinebraRemyHadley : jajaja perdón, es para crear intriga ;D Ya verás lo que hace Valen... y bueno Pía merecía una buena amiga :D RiotIs : 2da temporada? jaja nooo seguro los escritores de NM las harían sufrir hasta el último capi xD presentimientos... presentimientos... ;D yasliz : noo no dejes de lado tu trabajo xD Pero bueno, espero que este capi lo valga ;D Y bueno como siempre gracias a todas/todos las/los que leen, espero que este capítulo también les guste... P.D.: En la parte de las canciones, les sugeriría buscar la música en YouTube para que la escuchen junto a la historia para sentir mejor las emociones (: - Ay, Maca, me asustaste – respondió Valentina susurrando mientras alejaba su oreja de la puerta - No me has respondido, Valentina – continuaba Maca en voz baja - No, nada, pasaba por aquí y… y me pareció ver una mosca en la puerta y estaba espantándola para que se fuera… - Ah, claro, una mosca… - decía riendo Maca – será mejor que vuelvas a tu cama - Sí claro Maca ya me iba - dijo Valentina mientras se retiraba. A punto de perder contacto visual, se despidió de Maca levantando la mano y gesticulando un \"Buenas Noches\". Maca le devolvió el gesto y cuando se encaminaba a volver al despacho escuchó el sonido de una puerta que se abre. - Ah Maca eras tú – dijo Pía - Pía, qué haces despierta? - Ah? No, ya íbamos a ponernos a descansar – dijo Allison que también salió - Las dos están despiertas? Bueno, será mejor que vuelvan a la cama, ya es tarde. - Sí, buenas noches Maca – dijeron ambas - Hasta mañana chicas. Cuatro días pasaron de esa manera: Valentina moría cuando Allison se le acercaba a Pía y no soportaba la idea de que durmieran en el mismo cuarto. Pía se había propuesto olvidar a Valentina y había establecido una buena amistad con Allison. Greta ya cada vez lloraba menos y el color a sus mejillas ya estaba volviendo a la normalidad. Marissa, por su parte, nunca dejaba a Nina: ya había dejado ser una nina-fan pero ahora se había convertido ahora en tal vez la mejor amiga de Nina y, aunque a veces la asfixiaba un poco, la había hecho ponerse de pie de la debacle de su carrera. Valentina había tratado de hablar con Pía, pero las veces en que se le acercaba, esta ponía distancia entre ambas y ya no hablaba de la misma manera. Había llegado el viernes y Maca anunció que llevaría a las chicas a comprar nueva ropa ya que el sábado tendrían \"La fiesta de antifaces\", evento al cual habían sido invitadas para conmemorar el aniversario de boda de una de las familias más famosas de Colombia. La casa de Maca había recibido 8 invitaciones, suficientes inclusive para que Pía y Allison también pudiesen asistir como parte del grupo. Maca contrató un chofer y se dispuso a llevarlas al centro comercial más variado de la capital. Una vez que llegaron, Maca les pidió a las chicas discreción y rapidez en comprar. \"Principalmente vienen por ropa de gala, los jeans y polos los compran al final\" habían sido las palabras de Maca, que se quedaba con Allison y el chofer a esperarlas en las afueras del lugar. Las chicas entraron entusiasmadas. Greta parecía como si estuviera en su propia casa, al igual que Nina. Ambas se agarraron de las manos como comadres y comenzaban a chillar con cualquier vestido que veían en los mostradores. Marissa, un poco más atrás de Nina, simplemente reía. Pía y Valentina, aún más atrás de Marissa, presentían que se quedarían solas. Nina y Greta corrían por las galerías admirando todo lo que encontraban a su paso y Marissa, con un poco de incomodidad, las perseguía. No pasó mucho tiempo para que Valentina y Pía las perdieran de vista y quedaran solas en un lugar ajeno a ellas. - Definitivamente esto no es lo mío. Yo me pierdo en estas tiendas – decía Valen tratando de romper el silencio entre ellas - Pues estoy contigo. Yo tampoco entiendo cómo se emocionan tanto las otras chicas – respondió Pía riendo - Yo cojo cualquier jean, cualquier camisa y soy feliz. - Ay Valen, pero tampoco hay que exagerar. Uno siempre tiene que buscar verse bien para impresionar. - Pues a mí poco me importa eso, yo prefiero el perfil bajo – decía con un cambio gracioso de voz Valentina - Por todo lo que me pasó, yo nunca había buscado cuidar mucho mi apariencia, sabes? Pero creo que ahora es el momento en que debo cambiar eso – dijo Pía con una sonrisa - Es eso o quieres impresionar a alguien? – preguntó en tono serio la pelirroja - Simplemente es sentirme mejor conmigo misma, supongo. - Ah… oye mira aquí hay vestidos, entramos? - Sí, se ven muy bonitos, vamos. Maca ya miraba su reloj un poco impaciente: el tiempo dado ya había concluido y no había rastro de las chicas. Allison trataba de calmarla, pero no funcionaba. - Voy a darle una pasada rápida al centro a ver si las ubico y las traigo – propuso Allison - Sí, sí, anda – respondió Maca mientras trataba de calmarse Tan solo unos minutos dentro del centro comercial bastaron para encontrar a Nina, Greta y Marissa que estaban muy felices con muchas bolsas en las manos. - Chicas, ya Maca las está esperando. Vayan rápido que está un poco impaciente – les dijo Allison mientras las alcanzaba - Uy, sí, vamos de una vez – respondió Greta mirando su reloj-pulsera - Ah chicas, y Valentina y Pía? – preguntó Allison mientras se percataba que no estaban cerca a las demás - Pues las perdimos al poco rato de haber entrado, pero supongo que no pueden estar muy lejos, aunque siendo ellas supongo que lo habrán hecho a propósito – respondió Nina con tono pícaro Greta y Marissa soltaron risitas, pero a Allison no le cayó nada bien la broma y apresuró el paso a continuar buscando las galerías. - Oye no, pero sí te quedaba muy bonito Valen – decía Pía riendo - Uy no, los vestidos no son lo mío, solo lo compré porque a ti te gustaba. - Ay, no te creo – decía Pía sonriendo mientras le daba un empujoncito a la pelirroja - ¿Por qué no me crees? Yo haría muchas cosas solo porque tú me lo dijeras – dijo Valentina mientras notaba que Pía se sonrojaba y eso le sacaba una sonrisa a la pelirroja - Chicas! Al fin las encuentro. Maca está un poco desesperada buscándolas – dijo Allison poniéndose en medio de las dos - Allison! Sí, justo ya íbamos – respondió Pía un poco perdida - Bueno a Maca no hay que hacerla esperar, no? – dijo Valentina mientras cogía de la mano a Pía y comenzaba a correr jalándola - No tan rápido Valen – decía Pía, que no había soltado la mano de su pelirroja, sin darse cuenta de que habían dejado sola a Allison - Suban rápido, señoritas, llevan 20 minutos de retraso – dijo Maca apenas vio a Valentina y Pía llegar. Ambas subieron sin haber soltado sus manos y Allison llegó unos segundos después. Tomaron sus asientos y solo por tener que acomodar las bolsas tuvieron que soltarlas. Ambas sabían que lo que tenían no había muerto, ni había disminuido ni un poco. Una vez en la casa, en la cena, a pesar de que todavía Pía se sentaba junto a Allison, ahora muchas miradas y sonrisas intercambiaban Valentina y Pía. Allison no era ajena a esto y cada vez que sucedía agarraba el rostro de Pía y lo volteaba para que le hiciera caso. Claro que Valentina detestaba cuando le cogía el rostro, pero el solo saber que ahora Pía la estaba volviendo a ver como antes, la calmaba. La cena terminó y, como todos los días, Pía se quedaba un rato en la cocina a terminar de limpiar todo. Valentina se había quedado en las escaleras esperando a que Allison se despidiera de Pía y saliera de la cocina para ella poder tener tiempo a solas con su morena. Esperó menos de lo que imaginó y cuando Allison pasó por su lado, la miró con una sonrisa ganadora: sabía que ese día Pía no había correspondido sus coqueteos. Siguió sentada esperando a que Pía saliera y, minutos después, la puerta se abrió con su morena sonriendo. - Valen, ¿qué haces acá? – preguntó Pía con una sonrisa - Uhm pues todavía es temprano, no tengo mucho sueño. - Sí... pero se supone que ya debes estar en tu recámara, aunque no tengas sueño. - Bueno, en seguida me voy, pero necesito que me acompañes. Es que quiero tu opinión sobre algo. - Ya te dije que te quedaba muy bien el vestido – dijo Pía riendo - No, no es eso. ¿Me acompañas? – respondió Valentina con una sonrisa mientras le estrechaba su mano - Bueno, pero que no tarde mucho… - dijo Pía mientras cogía la mano de la pelirroja y se encaminaban a la habitación - Okey… uhm… tú siéntate acá – le dijo Valentina a Pía señalándole la parte final de su cama - Está bien… sigo sin entender nada – respondió Pía sonriendo - Es simple, solo quiero tu opinión sobre esta canción – dijo Valentina mientras cogía su guitarra y se acomodaba en la cama y empezaba a entonar \"Una canción de amor\" de Gianmarco No puedo explicarme nada. Solo tengo tu mirada aquí clavada entre mis ojos, sólo tengo un raro antojo de extrañarte cada día y ser parte de tus días. Yo no puedo hablarte nada. Lo único que hago es mirarte, una que otra carcajada, no controlo mis palabras y cuando voy a buscarte mis latidos se aceleran. Amor, con la luna llena, solo quiero regalarte... Una canción de amor De la penumbra siento que nace una luz, siento tus manos y presiento que eres tú que estás muy cerca. No puedo creer que tu amor abrió mi puerta. (x2) Sólo quiero terminar esta corta melodía explicándote en mis días mis deseos de quererte, de poder volver a verte, de engreírte tiernamente cada minuto del día y cantarte eternamente... Una canción de amor... - Y… bueno… qué opinas? – preguntó Valentina sonriendo - … Pues… increíble, increíble, muy bonito – respondió Pía, que había quedado un poco boba, mientras comenzaba a aplaudir - En serio te gustó? – dijo Valen riendo - Sí ha estado hermoso. Tocas y cantas hermosamente – respondió Pía con sonrisas - Significa mucho que pienses así porque esta canción… - Ay… perdón chicas, no quería interrumpirlas, pero tienen que acompañarme es urgente – dijo Marissa un poco agitada que había entrado bruscamente al cuarto - ¿Qué pasa Marissa? Tranquilízate… - dijo Valentina mientras se paraba a ponerle sus manos en los hombros para calmarla - Es que Nina no deja de llorar, dice que su vida es una farsa. Dice que tiene una confesión muy fuerte que hacernos. Pía se levantó de la cama y abrazó a Marissa para luego las tres retirarse del cuarto en busca de Nina. Llegaron a la habitación y Greta ya estaba ahí presente. - Chicas, esto es muy difícil para mí, pero no puedo más, simplemente no puedo. Tengo que hacerles una confusión muy grande – dijo Nina mientras se secaba algunas lágrimas - Tranquila Nina, no tienes por qué hacerlo si te pone tan mal – dijo Valentina un poco preocupada - No, es que sí tengo que hacerlo – respondió Nina - Bueno igual nosotras siempre seremos tus amigas. Conmigo puedes contar siempre. No me importa lo que vayas a decir – dijo Greta con una sonrisa - Ni a mí – dijo Pía y Valentina lo repitió - Y menos, menos a mí Nina. Tú sabes que nunca te abandonaré – dijo Marissa - Gracias chicas… Lo que tengo que decirles es que… es que… yo no canto bien, mi voz siempre fue arreglada en los estudios de música. Ya, listo, lo dije. No me odien – dijo Nina como si se acabara de sacar un gran peso de encima Greta, Valentina y Pía se miraron y soltaron carcajadas. Marissa simplemente se limitó a abrazar a Nina. - Ay Nina qué susto nos diste. Por un momento pensé que nos dirías que habías atropellado a alguien o algo así. Esto de tu voz no importa nada – dijo Valentina riendo - Sí, Nina. Que cantes o no, no cambia nada – siguió Greta mientras reía - Pues puede que para ustedes no importe, pero mi carrera… no, mi vida entera se ha tratado sobre mi voz. Yo soy una cantante que no sabe cantar – decía Nina mientras volvía a romper en llanto - Ay ya Nina, cálmate. Nosotras te queremos mucho mucho aunque no cantes – dijo Pía tratando de tranquilizarla - Sí mira Nina, para mí siempre serás la reina de reinas, sí? – decía Marissa con una sonrisota - Gracias chicas y lamento decepcionarlas, es sólo que tenía que decirlo de una vez – dijo Nina - No, nada, fresca. Aquí tú no has decepcionado a nadie. Míranos, acaso lucimos decepcionadas? – dijo Valentina tratando de alegrarla - Sí Nina, no le des importancia. Pero creo que hablo por todas cuando digo que nos alegra que te hayas quitado este peso de encima – decía Greta - Gracias chicas, cómo las quiero – dijo Nina mientras volvía a empezar a llorar pero esta vez de emoción - Ehem… ¿qué hacen todas aquí? ¿por qué no fui invitada a la reunión? – preguntó Maca mientras entraba al cuarto entre risas - Pues Nina se confesó ante nosotras, pero no es nada grave. Lo importante es que ella está mucho mejor ahora – dijo Marissa - Ah bueno chicas, entonces si ya terminaron, se van retirando a sus habitaciones, porque ya es tarde – siguió Maca - Sí será mejor que nos vayamos. Mañana tenemos la fiesta y tenemos que estar lo mejor posible – dijo Greta Una a una se fueron retirando del cuarto y al final solo Maca y Nina se quedaron conversando. A la mañana siguiente, el desayuno estuvo más ameno. Nina había recuperado un poco la chispa en su vida y otra vez daba risa con sus tonterías. Lo único que molestó a Valentina era que Allison le preguntaba muchas cosas a Pía. Era obvio, ya que Allison no había sido invitada a \"la confesión\" de la noche anterior. El desayuno terminó y las chicas subieron a sus recámaras. Maca llamó a Allison a su despacho, por lo que Valentina decidió aprovechar ese momento. - Necesitas ayuda en algo? – preguntó Valentina mientras entraba a la cocina - Ah, no Valen, gracias, ya estoy por terminar – respondió Pía mientras lavaba los últimos platos - Te noto cansada. - Ah? Sí, un poquito. Ayer no dormí mucho. - Ah… - dijo Valentina mientras bajaba la cabeza - Sí, es que Allison roncó demasiado ayer – dijo Pía viendo que Valen se había quedado en silencio - Ah, ella roncó mucho. Bueno te puedes mudar a mi cuarto cuando quieras. - No… tú sabes que no podría… – dijo Pía con una sonrisa un poco disimulada - No, sí podrías. Nunca me dejaste decirte lo que te tenía que decir… - Ey chicas, aquí están. Nina está hablando con Adela por la notebook, vengan. – dijo Greta muy emocionada Las chicas subieron rápidamente y saludaron a Adela. Hablaron unos minutos con ella hasta que Adela tuvo que irse porque su Ignacio la llamaba, no sin antes prometer volver a conectarse en los siguientes días. Las chicas cerraron la notebook y se quedaron a hablar y reírse de cosas variadas todas sentadas en la cama de Nina. - … Ah pues yo no sabré cantar, pero sé mucho sobre la música. Sé más que todas ustedes. – dijo Nina - Eres pura boca, Lady Caca. – dijo Greta riendo - No, es cierto. Conozco canciones de todo tipo – dijo defendiéndose Nina - Mira, conocen ese juego de canciones? Se forman grupos. Un grupo dice una palabra al azar y el otro equipo tiene que buscar una canción con esa palabra. Obviamente el grupo que ha dado la palabra tiene que conocer una canción con la misma. Todas contra ti, Nina. Veremos si de verdad eres mejor que nosotras. - Ay no pues, pero ustedes son cuatro. Cuatro cabezas piensan mejor que una. - Uhm, okey está bien. Valentina tú vas con ella. – indicó Greta - Qué? Y yo por qué? – dijo Valentina reclamando - Porque tú también sabes algo de música. Entonces seríamos artistas VS normales – contestó Greta - Ay no, pero yo no soy artista – dijo Valentina reclamando - Ay, anda Valentina. Solo síguele el juego. – dijo Pía - Bueno, está bien. Solo lo haré porque Pía me lo pide – dijo riendo - Ay ya tú siempre Valen. Todas las demás juegan? – dijo Greta - Yo tengo un honor que salvar, así que sí – dijo Nina - Pues si Nina entra, yo juego – dijo Marissa sonriendo - Yo también le entro – dijo por último Pía - Listo entonces empecemos, ustedes digan la primera palabra – dijo Greta El juego se tornó muy entretenido y muchas canciones que Valentina cantaba parecían dedicas perfectamente a Pía. La morena no se quedaba atrás y también le respondía las indirectas. Todas las demás reían y simplemente les decían frases como \"Ya dejen los coqueteos para más tarde\" o \"Ya bésala no más\", palabras que sonrojaban a ambas y las hacían mostrar sonrisas solamente. El juego fue interrumpido por Maca, quien dijo que ya tenían que bajar para una pequeña merienda antes de ir a la peluquería a arreglarse para la fiesta. Cuando las chicas bajaron, Allison ya estaba sentada. Nina, Marissa y Greta decidieron \"ayudar\" a Valentina por lo que ocuparon ambos sitios que estaban en la fila de Allison y dejaron dos juntos en la otra fila para que Valentina y Pía se sienten juntas. La pelirroja al fin se había sentido cómoda en un almuerzo. Las bromas de sus compañeras hacían amena la merienda y el sentir a Pía a su costado complementaba el buen momento que estaba teniendo. Se alistaron y luego fueron llevadas por Maca a la peluquería. No pasó nada fuera de lo normal y regresaron a la casa para ponerse los vestidos. - Ya están todas listas chicas? Entonces vamos – dijo Maca parada en la puerta con todas las chicas a su alrededor Llegaron a \"La Rosa Náutica\", salón de recepciones en el cual la fiesta de antifaces se iba a llevar a cabo. Era un salón muy grande con un escenario y muchas mesas. Todas las personas tenían buen porte, la verdad había sido un honor que la casa de Maca haya sido invitada. Les entregaron los antifaces a la entrada y la celebración comenzó. Hubo un brindis de honor, varias personas hablaron en honor al aniversario de la pareja y al final empezó lo que sería la fiesta. Hubo música para todos los gustos, mucha gente bailaba, otra simplemente conversaba amenamente. La verdad habían pasado gratos momentos en la fiesta. Ya en los últimos momentos del aniversario, la pareja anunció la llegada de un músico reconocido de la zona que fue invitado al escenario. Las luces del salón se apagaron y solo una quedó prendida que apuntaba al escenario en el que el artista comenzaba a cantar. Lo cierto era que era un cantante de aproximadamente 40 años y su música no era el estilo de las chicas, por lo que estas, a excepción de Maca que parecía una quinceañera emocionada por su artista, decidieron irse al final de la multitud junto a la barra. Greta y Nina pidieron cócteles de frutas, Marissa y Valentina unos caipirinhas, Allison se alejó del grupo debido a que se había encontrado con algunas amigas, y Pía, luego de terminar de beber un vaso de agua, se retiró al baño que quedaba terminando el corredor del costado. Greta, Nina y Marissa, tal vez porque estaban un poco subiditas de alcohol, comenzaron a hablar tonterías de chicas, por lo que Valentina se fue aún más atrás a donde estaban y se puso a deleitar, de lejos, al músico. \"Su música no está tan mal después de todo\" pensaba Valentina. - ¿Qué haces aquí tan atrás y tan solita Valen? – preguntó Pía mientras volvía del corredor - Ah Pía. Pues nada, escuchando al men este, ya se le acabaron las canciones, ahora está haciendo covers. - Pero canta bien, o será que a mí me gustan las baladas – dijo Pía con una sonrisa - Hasta provoca bailar… - dijo Valentina recostando su cabeza en una de las paredes mirando hacia el escenario - Sí, no? … - dijo Pía mientras se acercaba a Valen y quedaban una al lado de la otra - ¿Quieres bailar? – dijo Valen estrechándole una mano mientras la miraba - Bailar? ¿Cómo, las dos? - Ehm, pues claro… - \"No hagas esto Pía, no lo hagas, no te ilusiones, ella es solo tu amiga\" … No sé Valen… no creo - Ay Pía, es solo un baile, no? - Ehm… bueno sí, supongo que tienes razón – respondió Pía mientras cogía la mano de su amiga - Esta canción ya está acabando, hay que esperar la siguiente – dijo Valen - Sí, lo mismo te iba a sugerir. La nueva canción empezaba a sonar… \"Estar contigo\" de Alex Ubago… Estar contigo es como tocar el cielo con las manos, como el primer día en verano, como en un cuento. Estar contigo... – mis brazos casi por instinto comenzaron a circularse en la cintura de Pía, mientras que ella hacía lo mismo con mi cuello - Estar contigo, desvelando uno por uno tus secretos, descubriendo todo lo que llevas dentro. Lo dejo todo por un momento. Estar contigo… - cerré mis ojos a disfrutar el momento - Yo siento que tu compañía es el mejor regalo que me dio la vida, la fuerza que me empuja a seguir adelante. De todo lo que tengo es lo más importante – su respiración en mi cuello despertaba muchas emociones en mí, me alejé un poco sin dejar su cintura, quedamos cara a cara - Estar contigo es como un sueño del que no quiero despertar. Cierro los ojos y no estás. Vivir contigo es mi deseo, es todo lo que quiero hacer porque a tu lado puedo ser solo yo mismo, solo yo mismo… - no podía más, necesitaba volver a sentir sus labios. Sabía que Pía también lo sentía - Estar contigo es que cada día sea diferente. Siempre hay algo que consigue sorprenderme. Es como un juego que me divierte. Estar contigo… – nuestros labios se tocaron y se comenzaron a mover al ritmo de nuestros cuerpos - Siento que tu compañía es el mejor regalo que me dio la vida, la fuerza que me empuja a seguir adelante. De todo lo que tengo es todo lo que es importante . Estar contigo es como un sueño del que no quiero despertar. Cierro los ojos y no estás. Vivir contigo es mi deseo, es todo lo que quiero hacer porque a tu lado puedo ser, solo yo mismo, solo yo mismo . Para siempre, niña, para siempre estar contigo … Todo el salón estaba con las luces bajas, la multitud se emocionaba con el artista... en el ambiente se sentía el amor a través de la canción… ... to be continued ...[Chapter 6] JackieVodka : Indeed! La vida sin música no es vida! Lamento que hayas extrañado a Allison . y qué bueno que te haya gustado! ^^ RiotIs : Hacía falta en NM una escena como esta x.x y bueno aquí estaba tu rpta sobre los presentimientos... yasliz : lo de Nina no parece importante ahora, pero ya verás ;D y sí, Gianmarco es uno de los mejores que tenemos, ojalá te guste este capi! :D GinebraRemyHadley : Sí, siempre quise ponerle música, pero no quise forzar ninguna escena :D Espero que este capi tambien te guste ^^ kellyth : qué bueno que te guste! Aquí sabes cómo continúa... :D 14789635 : Me alegra que te hayas conectado con la música, yo también estaba emocionada mientras lo escribía xD Y pues ojalá te guste este capi Araceli :D Bueno este capítulo trata sobre algo que ya todas sabíamos, pero igual tenía que ponerla para que la historia no pierda sentido, espero les guste ^^ Estar contigo es como un sueño del que no quiero despertar. Cierro los ojos y no estás. Vivir contigo es mi deseo, es todo lo que quiero hacer porque a tu lado puedo ser solo yo mismo, solo yo mismo… La canción terminó y la multitud comenzó a aplaudir y la bulla de los aplausos sacó a Valentina y Pía del trance al cual habían entrado con los besos. Pía comenzó a abrir lentamente sus ojos y su mirada se posó en los ojos de Valentina. - No, no… Otra vez cometí el mismo error! – dijo Pía mientras se separaba de Valentina - Esto no es un error Pía. Lo hicimos porque lo sentimos – dijo mientras no dejaba que Pía se le fuese de las manos - Lo sentimos? Te incluyes en esas palabras? - Pues sí... yo también lo sentí… - … Eso quiere decir que… ya estás segura de esto? - … Pía… por favor no hagas preguntas… - … Todavía te nublan las confusiones, cierto? – dijo mientras lágrimas comenzaron a querer caer - Pía no me preguntes cosas de las que yo tampoco tengo las respuestas… - dijo Valentina mirando el suelo -Pero yo no puedo así Valen. - Mira Pía yo no sé qué tengo… solo sé que te necesito, solo sé que muero por tus miradas y abrazos, solo sé que tus besos me sacan completamente de este mundo, pero… - Pero siempre hay algo que te detiene, cierto? - … - Yo no puedo estar así Valen. Un día me abrazas y besas y al otro huyes de mí… - Pero dame tiempo Pía, yo sé que me voy a decidir. - Y que tal si decides que esto no era lo que querías? - … - Anda, dime. ¿Qué hago yo con eso? - Pero yo nunca te haría daño. - No a propósito… - Pía yo… - No, Valen… Creo que hasta aquí llegó esto… Yo… yo me alejaré de ti para no causarte más confusiones. Me alejaré de ti para que puedas estar bien contigo misma… - dijo Pía mientras lágrimas inundaban sus ojos - No Pía, pero eso no es lo que yo quiero – dijo Valen que también comenzaba sentir húmedos sus ojos - Pero yo sí… - dijo dando media vuelta - Dame tiempo, Pía, solo te pido tiempo – dijo Valentina mientras la detenía cogiéndola del brazo - No puedo, Valen, no puedo. Déjame ir, sí? … Creo que necesito ir al baño a llorar un rato – dijo Pía entre lágrimas - Pero yo… te quiero Pía – dijo mientras soltaba el brazo de su amiga - No lo hagas más difícil Valen – dijo separándose completamente de la pelirroja y, con lágrimas en los ojos, se dirigió al corredor que daba a los baños La fiesta terminó a las 5am. Poco a poco la gente se iba retirando, el grupo de Maca también. Greta, Nina y Marissa habían bebido unos tragos de más y estaban un poco \"picaditas\" en el camino de regreso. Pía y Allison se sentaron juntas y la primera se quedó dormida en el hombro de la señorita bien. Valentina simplemente miraba por la ventana las calles vacías que ya tenían un poco de brillo de luz. Al llegar a la casa, Maca les dijo que podían dormir todo lo que quieran y que se retiren a sus casas cuando deseen, ya que ese domingo era libre. Allison comenzó a despertar por el calor que ya comenzaba a sentirse en la habitación, eran las 12:25. - Pía, Pía, despierta. Ya es más de mediodía – dijo moviéndola de la cama -Uy es tardísimo… pero mi cama no me quiere dejar – dijo Pía todavía con los ojos cerrados - Pues tiene que dejarte… - Es que de pronto creo que quiero pasar el resto del día en mi cama - Jajaja, no pues, nada de eso. Mira, iré a llamar un rato a Giuliana y luego vengo con una propuesta, bueno? – dijo Allison mientras cogía su celular y se iba al baño - Okey… pero no te aseguro que ya haya dejado mi cama Unos minutos después, Pía perdió la flojera y comenzó a cambiarse. Al rato que terminó, Allison salió del baño. - Todo bien? – preguntó Pía - Sí, sí, todo sigue igual. Tú como amaneciste, mejor? – dijo Allison con una sonrisa - Sí, mejor, esto tomará tiempo, pero ya me acostumbraré a la idea… Y bueno, cuál era la propuesta que me querías hacer? - Pues ya que no tienes casa a donde ir… ¿qué te parece si vamos al cine o al teatro? - No suena mal, pero primero podemos pasar por un restaurante? Creo que me va a dar hambre. - Ah, claro, obvio. Vamos a \"Mavery\" por unas pizzas? Luego podemos ir a caminar por la plaza y luego al cine o teatro. - Sí! Muero por una pizza. Sabes que hay en la cartelera del cine? – preguntó Pía - Uhm no, ni idea, pero ya vemos pues – dijo Allison riendo - Está bien, está bien. Ayudaré a Maca con algunas tareas rápidas que tal vez necesite y luego nos vamos, bueno? - Sí, sí, haz eso mientras termino el informe de la semana de las chicas. - Okey, nos vemos más tarde – dijo Pía mientras se retiraba del cuarto Pequeños quejidos provenientes del patio despertaron a Valentina. - Qué pasa chicas… Estoy tratando de dormir – dijo Valentina al salir de su cuarto con los ojos chinitos en tono de queja - Ay Valentina es que nos duele terrible la cabeza – dijo Greta - Muy bonito, pero no podrían quejarse en sus habitaciones? Eso de hacerlo en el patio como que no es de niñas bien – dijo la pelirroja todavía con la flojera en el cuerpo de recién haberse despertado - Es que necesitamos un caldo urgente. Por eso queríamos ir donde Maca, pero como que a las tres nos cuesta un poco movernos… nos duele el cuerpo – dijo Marissa - A las tres? Por favor, habla por ustedes dos. Yo estoy acostumbrada a esto de la fiesta, ¿qué, ya se te olvidó que soy Nina? Esto no me pega tanto como a ustedes- decía Nina con seguridad, aunque tampoco se movía correctamente - Bueno, eso les pasa por tomar de más y bailar como locas con BALADAS – decía Valentina soltando risas al ver las condiciones en que sus compañeras estaban - Bailar baladas? Asu, tan fuerte estuvo lo que nos tomamos? - Ay, ya no importa. Valentina haznos un favor, puedes ir donde Maca y decirle que suba? Por favor – dijo Marissa en tono suplicante - Ay chicas, pero todavía debe ser muy temprano, mejor yo me vuelvo a la cama - dijo Valentina dándose la vuelta - Que temprano ni que temprano, Valen ya son las 3 de la tarde - Las 3! – decía Valentina abriendo completamente los ojos - Sí, Valen, sí, ahora puedes llamar a Maca? - …Claro, déjenme cambiarme. Vayan a sus cuartos, yo ya traigo a Maca – dijo la pelirroja mientras entraba a su habitación Valentina se cambió y bajó al despacho para comunicarle a Maca lo de las chicas. - Maca… puedo pasar? – preguntó Valen mientras empujaba suavemente la puerta - Claro Valentina, pasa - Maca, las chicas están con la resaca arriba. Dicen que les duele el cuerpo y la cabeza. - Pía tenía razón. Okey, gracias Valentina. Podrías ayudarme a servirles los platos de sopa? – dijo Maca mientras se paraba de su silla - Uhm claro… Ambas salieron del despacho y se dirigieron a la cocina. Todo estaba limpio y solo había una olla pequeña sobre la cocina. - Coge tres platos hondos de allá y tráelos – indicó Maca señalándole un repostero - Aquí tienes - Gracias, los cubiertos están por allá – dijo mientras empezaba a servir con un cucharón sopa sobre uno de los platos - Listo… Se ve rico - Y lo es… Tenemos una buena cocinera - Y todas tomaremos solo sopa hoy? - Pues hoy es domingo libre, puedes ir donde tu familia. Pía preparó principalmente la sopa porque sabía que las chicas amanecerían con las consecuencias de la resaca – dijo riendo - Ah, cierto. Lo había olvidado – dijo Valentina no muy animada - Aunque si no quieres ir a tu casa, tú sabes que puedes quedarte acá si gustas. - Gracias Maca, justo eso iba a preguntarte. - Cada vez las conozco mejor – decía Maca con una sonrisa orgullosa - Sí… Oye Maca, y Pía? - Ahm… pues es domingo libre… ella salió - Pero a dónde, que su mamá no había vendido la casa? – preguntó extrañada Valen - Ah sí… pero me refiero a que salió a distraerse - Sabes a dónde? - No sería bueno que vayas a buscarla… - Sí sería bueno, es que tengo que hablar con ella, es que tú no conoces lo que pasa… - Bueno tal vez no lo conoceré con detalles, pero ciega no soy Valentina. Yo sé todo lo que pasa en esta casa - A qué te refieres? … - Pues yo sé que lo que hay entre tú y Pía no es solo una buena amistad – decía Maca mientras colocaba los tres platos de sopa en una bandeja para llevarla - Pues para ti es fácil decirlo, pero yo todavía… no sé, tengo muchas cosas en mi cabeza… - No estás segura completamente, no? - … - Valentina se limitó a mover negativamente la cabeza - ¿Quieres hablar de esto? - No creo Maca, creo que esto lo tengo que resolver sola… - Resolverlo sola sí, pero tal vez necesites un poco de ayuda. - ¿Tú puedes con estos temas? - Pues claro, por qué no? - No sé… esto de enamorarse de una persona de tu mismo sexo… - Qué tiene de diferente?… cuando una se enamora, una se fija en la persona. Ama a la persona, no importa si es hombre o mujer. - Nunca lo había visto de esa manera… - Tal vez nunca te habían enseñado esa manera de ver el mundo – dijo Maca con una sonrisa - Pero es que no solo es eso… - Sí, me imagino… Uy, no queremos que la sopa se enfríe. Acompáñame a llevarles esto a las chicas y te parece si luego hablamos en el despacho? - Sí, sí, vamos. Maca y Valentina subieron a la habitación de Nina y Marissa con la bandeja que contenía los platos de sopa. - Valentina, trae a Greta acá para conversar. Ayúdala a moverse si es necesario – dijo Maca con una sonrisa - Sí, en seguida – respondió Valen que fue en busca de Greta Valentina trajo a Greta que ya al menos caminaba mejor, pero seguía con los dolores de cabeza. - Bueno ya que están todas acá chicas, quería hablarles sobre su comportamiento de anoche – empezó Maca - Ay no Maca, por favorcito – dijo Marissa mientras se metía la primera cucharada de sopa - Sí, Maca. Ya sabemos que tomamos un poquito de más – decía Greta - Un poquito de más? Mírense cómo están – reía Maca - Ay pero Maca no hicimos nada vergonzoso. Por el contrario, dejamos una buena impresión en la fiesta. - Sí bueno eso sí lo aprecio, gracias chicas. Pero igual, en otra ocasión no tomen tanto. - Ay Maca si no te diste cuenta que ya nos habíamos pasado un poco, era porque estabas en primera fila coreando el nombre del artista de ayer – reía Nina mientras tomaba su sopa - No sé de qué hablan – se sonrojó Maca - Ay ya chicas dejen a la pobre Maca. Lo que pasó en la fiesta, se queda en la fiesta – dijo Valentina riendo Todas rieron para luego continuar tomando la sopa. Los dolores fueron pasando poco a poco mientras la amena conversación en el cuarto continuaba. - Bueno chicas, con este caldo ya en poco tiempo se sentirán calmadas y luego podrán volver a sus casas. - Yo preferiría quedarme – dijo Greta - Y yo – decía Nina - Y yo también – agregaba Marissa - Chicas quieren ir a pasear por la ciudad?, simplemente a matar el tiempo – propuso Greta - Suena buenísimo – decía Marissa - Sí, está bien, me busco unos lentes oscuros y un sombrero y estaré lista – dijo Nina - Tú, Valentina? Vienes? - Ahm… no gracias chicas. La idea suena muy divertida, pero creo que hoy me quedaré acá. - Ya bueno alístense, pero nada de alcohol por hoy. Creo que con lo de ayer ha sido suficiente – decía Maca entre risas - No, no te preocupes Maca, hoy no saldremos a lolear – dijo Nina mirando a Greta - Uy sí, muy gracioso Nina – respondió Greta sarcásticamente - Ya bueno, bueno, apúrense chicas – dijo Marissa mientras se paraba de la cama y le entregaba el plato vacío a Maca Las chicas pusieron los platos en la bandeja y luego comenzaron a alistar la ropa con la que saldrían. Maca y Valentina se retiraron de la habitación y luego fueron a la cocina a dejar la bandeja con los platos y cubiertos en el lavadero. Luego, se dirigieron al despacho. - Todavía quieres hablar? – preguntó Maca - No sé… ni siquiera sé lo que siento o lo que debo decir… - Pues no tienes que decir nada que no quieras. Simplemente libera tu mente y tu corazón y di lo que sientas. Puedes hablar con franqueza y libertad conmigo. - Gracias Maca, esto de verdad significa mucho… - No te preocupes, sé que te encuentras en una situación muy difícil. - Pues difícil es poco… Ni siquiera sé por dónde empezar… - Pues empieza por el principio, por el medio o por el final. Empieza por donde te quieras liberar. - Uhmm… pues tú sabes que Pía y yo siempre hemos sido buenas amigas desde el instante en que nos conocimos. Pero mientras que yo siempre pensé que era amistad, las demás siempre pensaban otra cosa. Lo mismo ya me había pasado con Ana, por lo que yo simplemente había aprendido a ignorar a los demás pensando que estaban equivocados… pero… ya no estoy muy segura de ello. - Por qué? … - Pues… con Ana nunca había sentido lo que ahora siento. Yo puedo decir que a Ana la quise mucho mucho, pero como una hermana. Siempre estaba con ella y hacíamos todo juntas, pero yo nunca quise besarla ni simplemente quedarme abrazada a ella toda una noche. A Ana cuando no la tenía cerca la extrañaba, pero con Pía… con Pía no sé, a Pía siento que la necesito. Con Pía siento que si no la tengo cerca de mí… no sé me siento incompleta. - Entonces tus problemas tienen que ver con Ana? Sientes que la estás traicionando de alguna manera? - Qué? No. Te explico lo de Ana para que más o menos entiendas la diferencia de sentimientos. Creo que eso es lo único claro que tengo. Lo de Ana te lo digo… no sé, para que entiendas cómo era el panorama antes de conocer a Pía? - Ya veo, ya veo. Entonces… exprésame qué sientes por Pía - Pues no sé si me entiendas… Solo te diré todo lo que siento… Con Pía… no sé, mira con solo pensar en ella, una sonrisa se dibuja en mis labios. Cuando Pía me mira, me refleja toda su seguridad y mi corazón comienza a palpitar tiernamente y se emociona. Cuando Pía me abraza… no sé, se siente… no sé cómo explicarlo… se siente paz, es como si todo el mundo nos sonriera cuando nos abrazamos y cuando Pía me besa – hizo una pequeña pausa – cuando Pía me besa me pierdo totalmente de este mundo, no me importa nada ni nadie, solo me importa ella, solo estamos ella y yo… - Uhm entonces no te entiendo… claramente te gusta Pía, no veo por qué te confundes… - Es que, yo me siento en el cielo cuando estoy con ella, pero… ay, detesto el \"pero\"… - Pero qué Valentina… - dijo Maca serenamente - No sé, eso es lo que yo quiero saber. Siempre cuando todo es felicidad con ella, siempre aparece un \"pero\" que me frena y me hace retroceder todo lo que había avanzado con ella. - Ese \"pero\" tiene nombre? - Pues ha tenido muchos nombres… - ¿Cómo así? - Pues al principio… cuando las chicas un día me fastidiaron con esto de ser astronauta… pues Axl entró a mi cuarto por error mientras yo me cambiaba… - Axl entró? Cómo así entró? - Ay Maca, ellos siempre se han paseado en esta casa como han querido. Ese no es el punto… - Sí, lo siento. Continúa… - Pues yo en esos momentos estaba segura de que yo era \"normal\" por así decirlo, o al menos eso creía. Entonces él estaba allí y yo con confusiones… así que lo besé… Pero no sentí nada. Días después, cuando me enteré lo del pasado de Pía, mientras la consolaba… el momento se puso muy intenso y terminamos dándonos un pequeño beso. Tengo que confesarte que sentí felicidad pura con ese beso, pero lo detuve… por las confusiones que tenía. Pía también se veía confundida, pero creo que con aquel beso, ella sí estuvo segura… pero yo no… me puse un poco fría con ella, pero no porque no quisiera verla, sino porque estando cerca a ella me ponía nerviosa y las confusiones nublaban mi cabeza… - Entonces el primer nombre de tus confusiones fue Axl? - Pues sí, pero no. En realidad yo nunca vi a Axl como algo más que un amigo, ni siquiera con el beso. Mi confusión en realidad tiene el nombre de \"lo normal\". Mi mente trataba de convencerme de que yo no era astronauta, pero mi corazón sentía otras cosas. Sin embargo, mi mente siempre ganó esa disputa, a excepción de una vez en que mi corazón ganó: en esos días, Pía se había molestado conmigo porque le conté a Greta lo de su pasado. Verla así conmigo simplemente me mataba, por lo que busqué hablar con ella en la biblioteca. Hablamos poco, pero las pocas palabras que nos dijimos lo explicaban todo. Ella me cogió la mejilla y estábamos muy cerca. Yo la hubiera besado de no ser que sentía que, por el momento, no debía. Recuerdo que esa misma noche jugábamos con la peluca de Greta y… una cosa lleva a la otra… y terminamos echadas en la cama una encima de la otra. La verdad no sé qué hubiera pasado si Teo no entraba e interrumpía… - Ah… eso sí recuerdo… Teo me lo contó un poco asustada, pero yo sabía que no era nada malo. Por cierto, antes de que continúes… astronauta es lesbiana, cierto? - Ah sí, perdón, es algo entre Pía y yo lo de astronauta, olvidé aclararlo – dijo Valen riendo - Claro, no te preocupes. Sigue - Ya bueno, al día siguiente en el centro comercial… digo en la grabación de Adela de la publicidad de su padre, estuvimos juntas todo el día y hasta nos dimos un piquito. Creo que en esos momentos estaba segura de lo que quería. Pero todo se cayó cuando Pía se fue… el ya no sentirla como antes hizo que mi corazón perdiera fuerzas y la mente otra vez ganara… en otras palabras, las confusiones otra vez volvieron… - ¿Quieres un vaso con agua? – dijo Maca mientras agua servía en su taza - Sí, creo que lo necesito – Valentina recibió el vaso y luego continuó – Nuestra amistad nunca se rompió a pesar de todo. Ambas sabíamos que algo más había entre nosotras y creo que Pía sabía que yo no era capaz de aceptarlo. Con la muerte de Ana, la tristeza me invadió aún más, sin embargo Pía nunca me dejó, siempre me apoyó, siempre estuvo ahí cuando la necesité. Gracias a ella pude superar lo de Ana. Ella me hizo entender que Ana nunca se iría, siempre estaría conmigo cuidándome y yo eso ahora lo sé. Pero no fue tan fácil… yo todavía lloraba en las noches de vez en cuando recordándola. Fue en una de esas últimas noches de pena en las que algo pasó con Pía. Como siempre ella trataba de consolarme y entre palabras y risas terminamos echadas en la cama una encima de la otra. Yo no quería irme, no quería huir, solo esperé a que lo inevitable pasara. Ella me besó tiernamente y yo no opuse resistencia. Se detuvo un momento a mirarme como si me preguntara si eso era lo que quería. Yo no estaba segura, pero aún así no me moví esperando sus labios nuevamente. Al sentir el contacto, no pude evitar querer más de ella. La besé con desesperación y ella me seguía. Nos besamos muy intenso pero no duró más de 10 minutos… otra vez las confusiones aparecieron, pero no con tanta intensidad, por lo que simplemente me separé lentamente de ella y dije que ya era hora de dormir. Ella me dio una de esas sonrisas que me ponen boba y se dispuso a dormir a mi costado. Conforme pasaban los minutos, comencé a arrepentirme de lo que había pasado. Axl apareció en mi mente y yo me sentía completamente perdida. Los días siguientes fueron pésimos. Lastimé mucho a Pía y, sin saberlo, también me hacía daño a mí. El último día, en nuestra despedida, no pude evitar sentir que una parte de mi corazón se iba con Pía… En mi casa extrañándola todo el día, comencé a comprender poco a poco, pero todavía no terminaba de aceptar mis sentimientos con Pía. Creo que ha sido Allison la que me ha hecho despertar de la peor manera. - Celos de Allison? - Sí y muchos. No soporto verlas juntas. - La odias? - No… no la odio porque gracias a ella al fin pude aceptar que quiero a Pía más que una amiga. - Pero entonces dile a Pía eso. - Es que los otros nombres del \"pero\" son mi hermana y mi madre… - Pero es tu vida Valentina, no la de ellas. - Lo sé, pero no es fácil. Yo siempre fui a la que señalaban en mi familia. Siempre en las cenas fui \"la diferente\", \"la rara\" y yo aprendí a vivir con ellos, pero decirle a mi mamá que en verdad soy astronauta le causaría mucha decepción y se avergonzaría de mí y yo simplemente no podría con eso. - Pues Valentina, si tu madre hace eso, no te merece como hija. Tú eres una gran persona Valentina, y no creo que nunca decepcionarás a nadie. - Es más difícil de lo que parece… - Yo creo que sólo tiempo es lo que necesitas para enfrentarte a tu familia. - Sí! Exacto, tiempo! Pero no tengo ese tiempo. Pía ya no quiere saber nada de mí… y lo entiendo - No, eso no creo. Pía debe estar muy dolida por algo que seguramente has olvidado contarme, pero ella también te quiere – decía Maca con una sonrisa - Pero ella tiene razón… y qué pasa si al final ella me espera y yo decido que esto no era lo que quería? - Pues yo no creo que eso pase. No te escuchaste mientras hablabas de Pía? Eso ha sido una de las cosas más bellas que he escuchado en mi vida, y créeme que he escuchado mucho. - No quiero hacerle daño… pero me gustaría que Pía me esperara… - Ya le dijiste eso? - Sí, ayer. Pero quería hablar con ella de eso hoy. Sí, creo que iré a buscarla a seguirle insistiendo con esto – dijo Valen entusiasmada - … No sé si puedas hacerlo hoy. - Sí, sí puedo. Mira Maca, tú solo dime hacia donde salió y yo la puedo encontrar y así… - Es que no salió sola… - A qué te refieres con que no salió sola – decía Valen mientras su mirada cambiaba drásticamente - Es que salió más o menos a las 2pm a comer con Allison y creo que después iban a ver una película… - … - Lo siento – decía Maca mientras la cogía de las manos - No, es que… es que no… ella no puede haber estado hablando en serio cuando dijo que se alejaría de mí… No, no! – decía mientras se paraba rápidamente y se retiraba del despacho - Valentina, Valentina – dijo Maca inútilmente \" Pía se ha ido, Pía se ha ido con Allison a comer y ver una película. Es obvio que lo hace para sacarme de su cabeza… y seguramente Allison no desaprovechará la oportunidad y la besará… la besará, la besará… No!\" pensaba Valentina furiosa en su cama. \" Vamos Pía, llámame, mándame un mensaje diciéndome que vaya por ti. Llámame y dime que esperarás por mí…\". Miró el reloj y observó que eran las 19:38. \"Ella no llamará… creo que ella ya decidió olvidarme…\". Valentina cogió su celular, \"0 mensajes nuevos\", \"0 llamadas perdidas\". Lo dejó caer nuevamente en la cama. Unos minutos después, lo volvió a coger y comenzó a marcar un número. - Aló? … Axl, estás libre esta noche? ... to be continued...[Chapter 7] 14789635 : jajaja espero que haber estado sentada en la pc valga la pena con este capi (: yasliz : sorpresas, sorpresas ;D Me alegra mucho que siempre te pases a comentar ^^ kellyth : qué bueno que te guste! tú sabes que así da gusto escribir (: GinebraRemyHadley : jejeje xD. 1. Maca es muy buena *.* 2. Es que es buena gente xd 3. ;D 4. ;D 5. Todas queriamos eso en NM ._. 6. ;D 7. ;D 8. Muchas gracias! (: 9. Siempre trato de hacerlo ^^ 10. Si lo consigo te lo paso xDD! Gracias por comentar y P.D.: Espero ansiosa tu fic eh ;D Crush01 : Rayos, me encanta que te guste (: Saludos tambien! JackieVodka : Siempre trato de transmitir las emociones (: Gracias por tus consejos! ^^ RiotIs : A todas les cae bien Allison xD Es que es buena amiga (: Y aquí verás lo que hace Valen... Allison y Pía, luego de pasear por la plaza y luego ir al cine, llegaron a las 9pm a la casa de Maca. - Y… estamos aquí – decía Pía entrando a la casa - Ay, no te quejes. Al menos te distrajiste por un rato – respondía Allison - Sí, sí, gracias. Creo que lo necesitaba, ya voy asimilándolo. - Así me gusta, mente positiva. - Sí… uhm bueno iré a ver si Maca necesita mi ayuda en algo. - Claro, yo entraré al Internet a ver si me encuentro con Giuliana. Cualquier cosa me avisas. - Ya, ya, no te preocupes. Mándale mis saludos – dijo Pía con una sonrisa - Sí, lo haré – terminó Allison mientras se iba Allison se retiró a la sala de Internet y Pía se dirigió al despacho. - Hola Maca, venía a preguntarte si me necesitabas en algo. - Hola Pía, no, no te preocupes, tú sabes que los domingos eres libre. - Ay Maca tu sabes que a mí no me molesta, me gusta ayudar. - Tú siempre Pía, gracias. Pues creo que la olla de sopa y los utensilios quedaron en el lavadero. Y creo que eso es todo ya que las chicas salieron a merodear por la ciudad y hace solo una media hora han llegado, por lo que la casa está igual a como la dejaste – dijo Maca con una sonrisa - Ah okey, entonces limpio lo de la cocina y eso es todo. - Sí, gracias Pía. Ah espera, antes de que te vayas… - Sí? Dime – decía Pía mientras regresaba - Creo que las chicas no han comido nada como cena, te molestaría ir a preguntarles si desean algo? A lo mejor podemos pedir algo ligero. - Ya okey Maca, después de limpiar les pregunto – dijo mientras se retiraba del despacho Pía no demoró mucho en lavar la olla y lo que habían usado las chicas, así que no tardó en ir a preguntarles los de la comida. Subió las escaleras y todo estaba tranquilo, pareciera como si todas estuviesen durmiendo, pero era muy temprano para dormir. Siguió avanzando por el patio y escuchó risas provenir del de Greta. - Ehm disculpen chicas… - Hola Pía, pasa, únetenos – decía Nina - En realidad venía a preguntarles si tenían hambre. - Pues no creo, comimos muchos snacks en el camino – dijo Greta mientras Nina asentía - Ah bueno, okey, eso era todo, nos vemos chicas. - Ay no Pía, ven quédate para poder ser tres. Mira, nos estamos pintando las uñas, maquillando… – decía Nina - Uy no, eso no es lo mío. Pueden llamar a Marissa, a ella le encantaría - Es que Marissa no está – respondió Nina - No te creo, tu nina-fan te ha abandonado? – decía Pía riendo - Osea hello, no es que me haya abandonado, es solo que se ha ido en una cita doble con… - Greta le dio un puntapié a Nina - Con Fatu – terminó Greta - Ah no sí, obvio que con Fatu, pero con quién es la cita doble – dijo Pía entre risas - … - Nina evitó la mirada de Pía al igual que Greta - Ay chicas, díganme – insistía Pía riendo - Pues con Axl y… Valentina – terminó diciendo Greta mirando el suelo - Ah… pues… pues qué bueno que hayan salido a divertirse… uhm… nos vemos chicas… - No, pero Pía espera… - decía Greta inútilmente ya que Pía ya había salido – ya ves lo que ocasionas Nina? Por qué tenías que abrir la bocota? - Ay perdón es que estaba insinuando que había perdido a mi última nina-fan y con eso no se juega - Pero tú sabes que lo hacía de broma, ahora no sabemos qué pasará… - Ay pero si quieres buscar un culpable, pues culpa a la misma Valentina, total ella es la que ha salido con Axl no? - Bueno pero habrá tenido sus razones. - Pero de qué se queja Pía, si ella había estado con Allison. - Ay tú no entiendes nada, Nina. Las dos están empezando un juego de celos que va a terminar mal… - Pues no necesariamente. Osea, si Valentina se aclara, listo. - No creo, Pía no se la hará tan fácil… - Por qué dices eso? Qué no viste la cara que puso cuando le dijimos lo de Axl? Sigue enamorada. - Sí, pero a lo mejor Pía ya se cansó de las confusiones de Valentina y quiera olvidarla… - Allison? - Pues quién sabe… - Pero Valentina y Pía han nacido para estar juntas, algo así como Adela y su Nachito, me gustaría darle las mil cachetadas a Valen que necesita para aclararse… – dijo Nina - Pues no creo que necesitemos las cachetadas, ya sé qué haremos… - dijo con una sonrisa Greta Pía había escuchado las palabras de Greta que le pedían que se quedara, pero ella simplemente necesitaba ir a su cuarto y pensar… pensar y pensar. Llegó a su habitación, cogió su tortuguita y rompió en llanto. \"No sé por qué me duele tanto, Valentina. Yo te prometí olvidarte y dejarte seguir tu camino, pero no es tan fácil… Ayer me besabas y bailábamos juntas una hermosa balada y hoy… hoy te has ido con el idiota de Axl. Ves qué poco te duran tus sentimientos por mí?\" decía Pía mientras lloraba. \" Pero bueno, gracias. Ahora recordaré esto cada vez que me digas que sí me quieres. Yo tenía razón… un día me amas y al siguiente… sales con otro. Por un momento pensé que lucharías por mí, qué equivocada estaba, cierto?\" Por otro lado, en la heladería \"Sarcletti\" de la plaza, Valentina miraba por la ventana la luna llena. Había llamado a Axl para salir y había aceptado de inmediato. Unos minutos después Axl la había llamado preguntándole si podía traer a Fatu para que saliera con Marissa, ya que ellos eran inseparables. También hubiesen traído a Piti de no ser que este estaba castigado debido a que su mamá había encontrado la colección de porno que guardaba debajo de su cama. Axl y Fatu las habían ido a recoger y habían ido caminando desde la casa hasta la heladería de la plaza… Y ahí estaban ahora… conversando y reían, pero Valentina simplemente prefería mirar la bella luna. Marissa y Fatu habían estado muy coquetos y se paraban dando tiernos piquitos cada vez que podían. - El amor está en el aire no dragoncita? – preguntó Axl con cara de bobo hablando por Marissa y Fatu - Sí… sabías que ahora me están gustando las baladas? Cada vez que he entrado al Internet, he estado escuchándolas - Tú, baladas? Y eso por qué? - Pues no sé, expresan tan fácilmente lo que una siente… - Pues yo te puedo cantar unas baladas si gustas – dijo Axl ajustando su voz - Ay no, no, Axl… - Ay pero mira cómo eres, ni siquiera me dejas intentarlo - Qué? No Axl, no quiero que intentes nada – dijo Valentina volviendo a poner sus ojos sobre la luna - Ah pues yo pensé que como me habías dicho para salir… - Sí, pero no fue como lo esperaba… - lo miró - Estoy despeinado? No te gusta mi perfume? Ya sé, no te gustan los helados? - No, no, no es eso – decía la pelirroja entre risas – yo me entiendo - Pero yo también quiero entenderte - Pues es que no siento esa… esa felicidad… ese saltito en el corazón - Pues me hubieras dicho y hubiésemos ido a hacer motocross extremo para que tu corazón salte - Ay no seas bobo, tú sabes a qué me refiero… - Pero es que no me has dejado intentar – decía Axl con su voz de tonto - Pero es que míralos – dijo señalando a Marissa y Fatu – ellos se sienten cerca y automáticamente sonríen y luego se besan. Tú estás casi encima de mí y no me provocas nada de eso. - … - Perdón por hacerte venir, por ilusionarte… Ah! Cada vez cometo más errores - No tranquila, aunque no lo creas, ya te estoy superando y creo que podré verte como amiga en poco tiempo. - Me alegra, me alegra. Eres un buen amigo – dijo Valentina con una sonrisa - ¿Quieres que te lleve a casa de Maca? - No, tranquilo. No pienso arruinarle la cita a estos dos tórtolos. - Sí tienes razón… - Y bueno, dime, qué es de tu vida, conseguiste trabajo? - Pues es muy interesante que preguntes eso porque sucedió algo muy curioso… La verdad es que la historia de Axl debió haber sido muy interesante porque hacía gestos muy graciosos y movía sus manos muy seguido causando risa. Sin embargo, Valentina solo tenía cabeza para la cita que tenían Allison y Pía en esos momentos. \"Seguramente después del cine le invitará algo ligero, irán a un parque y … Ay! Por qué no me puedo decidir, por qué! Por qué me importa tanto lo que piense mi familia si, al fin y al cabo, ellos siempre me han visto como la rara… entonces confirmarles eso no cambiaría nada…\" - … Y pues así nos despidieron nuevamente – dijo riendo Axl - Ah… a ustedes siempre los despiden, no? - Ay dragoncita, lo haces sonar como si fuéramos inútiles - No pues yo no he dicho eso – decía riendo - Ay pero lo insinuaste - Oigan chicos, creo que se nos ha hecho tarde, ya casi son las 11pm y mientras caminamos de regreso, se nos hará más tarde – dijo Fatu agarrando de las manos a Marissa - Qué rápido pasa el tiempo cuando estás con el que amas, no? – dijo Marissa posando los ojos sobre su chico - Pues sí – dijo riendo Valentina recordando los momentos de la fiesta de la noche anterior - Bueno, entonces, vamos, las llevamos a casa de Maca Las chicas llegaron casi a la medianoche. Ya todo estaba en silencio y oscuro. Subieron a sus habitaciones y Marissa le agradeció a la pelirroja por la bonita cita que había podido tener con Fatu. Valentina simplemente le mostró una sonrisa para luego entrar a su cuarto y echarse a dormir. A la mañana siguiente, los despertadores sacaron de los sueños a las chicas y, poco a poco, se encaminaron al comedor para el desayuno. Esta vez el desayuno estuvo muy callado, la única que brotaba felicidad por los poros era Marissa que comenzaba a hablar de Fatu, Fatu y más Fatu. El sonido del timbre \"despertó\" a todas. Pía fue a abrir y se encontró con que era Adela. Todas las chicas, a excepción de Allison, corrieron a saludarla. - Adela, cómo has estado! - Pues bien bien. Aunque el pueblito de Nachito es muy poco tecnológico, ahí vamos - Y qué te trae por aquí? – preguntó Pía - Pues no puedo pasar a saludar? - Pues \"pasar a saludar\" no suena a algo que haría Adela – decía Valentina - Ay ustedes solamente abrácenme y recíbanme, miren que las he extrañado Todas hicieron un abrazo grupal y luego la invitaron al comedor. Le presentaron a Allison y luego se convirtió en el centro de atención contestando todas las preguntas que le hacían. Una vez terminado el desayuno, Maca avisó que ese día trabajarían haciendo movimientos en la piscina. Cada una se dirigió a sus habitaciones y Adela fue invitada a pasar la tarde con Valentina. Dejó su pequeña mochila sobre la cama y le dijo a la pelirroja que ella iría un rato a hablar con Greta y Nina y que enseguida volvía. Valentina no tuvo ningún problema con ello, especialmente porque todavía necesitaba aclararse y la cita de Pía con Allison la seguía matando por dentro, necesitaba el tiempo a solas. - Ya, chicas, ahora sí explíquenme todo – dijo Adela entrando al cuarto de Greta - Pues la cosa está como la has visto. Hoy día no se han dicho ni una sola palabra. Por un lado, según Marissa, Valentina solo salió con Axl como amigos. Creo que fue como para confirmar que no le gustan los chicos – dijo Greta - Y Pía? - Pues Pía salió con Allison y llegó temprano, para mí que no pasó nada, pero quién sabe, de ellas sí no sabemos nada - Pero ustedes piensan que Valen ya se aclaró y que Pía sigue enamorada de ella? – preguntó Adela - Pues a Valen solo le falta enfrentar lo de su familia y tanto Pía como Valen tienen las mismas caras de morirse la una por la otra - Entonces, llevamos a cabo el plan? - Pues sí, para eso te hemos traído – reía Nina - Listo, nos juntaremos acá cuando les den el primer break de los ejercicios… Valentina, al igual que Greta, Nina y Marissa, se colocó el traje de baño y bajó al área de la piscina. Ahí ya se encontraba la profesora haciendo \"previos\". Las demás chicas bajaron y se pusieron a disposición de la maestra. Primero hicieron ejercicios de calentamiento fuera de la piscina. Valentina pudo divisar que Allison las estaba viendo con su libreta verde de apuntes \"qué podrá estar apuntando? Estamos haciendo ejercicios\" pensaba la pelirroja. Una vez terminada la primera parte, la profesora saltó a la piscina y les indicó a las chicas hacer lo mismo. Comenzó a explicarles paso a paso el movimiento con las piernas que debían hacer para poder realizar la pose de una bailarina de ballet dentro de la piscina. Todas de por sí eran deportistas, todas tenían moldeados los cuerpos por lo que hacer lo que la maestra decía no se les hacía complicado. Aunque claro, a veces la que se quejaba era Marissa, pero con los ánimos que le daba Nina, ella lograba muchas cosas. Estuvieron algo de dos horas dentro del agua haciendo \"piruetas\" de bailarinas de ballet, algo que les pareció muy divertido. Sin embargo, la profesora dijo que no se puede estar mucho tiempo en el agua, por lo que después del almuerzo continuarían con pasos un poco más complicados. Pía fue a la piscina y les avisó a las chicas que el almuerzo ya estaba listo. Aunque en todo momento trató de desviar la mirada, no podía dejar de admirar a su Valentina en esa sexy ropa de baño que llevaba. Para el almuerzo, ninguna se cambió los trajes de baño, debido a que sería una pérdida de tiempo, ya que comerían, descansarían un rato y luego volverían a los ejercicios, por lo que simplemente se colocaron mallas encima. En el almuerzo las chicas le contaban a Adela sobre los ejercicios y contaban sobre lo bien que la habían estado pasando. Pía trataba de disimular el sentirse atraída por Valentina, pero no se le hacía nada fácil. La pelirroja ya se había dado cuenta y simplemente la miraba y se reía. El almuerzo terminó y las chicas casi inmediatamente jalaron a Valentina para llevarla al cuarto de Greta. Valentina le dedicó unas sonrisas muy tiernas a Pía mientras \"la secuestraban\" y Pía solo desvió la mirada mientras se sonrojaba. Las chicas llegaron al cuarto; Nina, Greta y Marissa se sentaron en una cama, mientras que Adela sentó a Valen junto a ella en la otra. - Ay ustedes cada vez están peor, qué es eso de llevar a la fuerza así a la gente? – reía Valentina - Es que es algo muy urgente. La razón por la que yo vine es porque me dijeron que ustedes dos tortolitas seguían sin confesarse nada y me dijeron que ahora estaban entrando terceros a la relación - No sé de qué hablas - Ay Valentina sí sabes, hablo de ti y de Pía y de la tal Allison - ¿Qué acaso todas ya lo sabían? - Da-ah, si ustedes tuvieron esa conexión desde el primer día. Pero bueno, lo que me importa es saber por qué no le has dicho nada a Pía - Pues es que no le puedo decir nada si no estoy segura - Pero de qué no estás segura Valentina! - Pues no sé si de verdad la quiero como algo más o si solo es celos de amiga. Tengo miedo de confundir eso. Además mi familia no podría ni verme a los ojos si se enteraran. - A ver Valen… - se calló unos momentos y luego continuó - tú eres la persona más valiente que he conocido. Tú siempre has apoyado a quien te necesitara cuando has podido – puso voz tierna y sentimental - Tú nunca te rindes, ni te dejas pisar por nadie. Dices las cosas tal y cual las sientes. Te metes en líos solo si es para ayudar a alguien más. Arriesgarías muchas cosas solo por tus amigas… - se acercó más a Valentina – Valen… tú eres una de las mejores personas que conozco – dijo mientras acercaba sus labios a los de la pelirroja - Epa, qué haces? – dijo Valentina mientras se retiraba abruptamente de la cama - Confirmado – dijeron Greta, Nina y Marissa en coro - Confirmado qué? Que sabemos que Adela vino más loca que antes? - No, Valen, cálmate, está confirmado que te gusta Pía. No te diste cuenta? Traté de crear un \"momento\", por así decirlo. Me acerqué a ti y poco a poco junté más mis labios. ¿Qué hiciste tú? Te separaste apenas sentiste lo que estaba haciendo - Sigo sin entender - Lo que Adela quiere decir es que con ella tú no te dejaste llevar, tú no dejaste que te besara. En cambio con Pía, pues con ella tú te dejas hacer todo – reía Greta - Y ustedes por qué piensan que Pía y yo nos hemos besado? - Ay pues es que eso es obvio, cuánto? Mínimo unas tres o cuatro veces – dijo Nina - … - Ay Valen con nosotras no tienes que disimular, no tiene nada de malo que estés enamorada de Pía. Todo por el contrario, hacen bonita pareja, su amor es muy tiernito – decía Marissa - Bueno chicas gracias, pero ahora Pía ya no quiere saber de mí - Ay eso sí que no creo – decía Adela - No, es que es verdad y yo la entiendo. Ella ya no puede esperar más a que yo me aclare - Pero qué necesitas aclarar! Si tú sabes bien que mueres por Pía, MUERES - Sí… eso lo terminé de confirmar ayer con Axl, pero no sé, es que mi familia… - Tu familia nada Valentina, para mí que las metes como excusa porque no terminas de aceptarte - No, no es eso. Es solo que no sé, yo siempre fui la rara de la familia, si antes me señalaban, imagina ahora que se los confirme - Pero y qué! Por lo menos tendrás a tu lado a la chica que amas – decía Greta - Es fácil decirlo… - Greta, te dije que necesitaríamos las cachetadas – decía Nina - No, Nina cállate. Mira Valen es fácil hacerlo también. Por un lado, puedes ignorar los comentarios a los que ya te has acostumbrado mientras despiertas todos los días en la cama junto a Pía, junto a su sonrisa y sus besos. Podrían ir y caminar por la playa agarradas de las manos sin que nada ni nadie les importe. Podrían ir por helados, al parque, a los bolos, a cualquier lado juntas como novias y podrían hacer cosas ricas por las noches… - Oye qué cochina eres – decía Valen - Sí, eso dices ahora, pero espérate… Y por otro lado, tienes una vida en que tu familia te seguirá diciendo rara mientras Pía vive con Allison y su felicidad sea ella y no tú - … - ¿Qué vida prefieres? - … Pues tienes razón, esto no se piensa dos veces – decía Valentina empezando a sonreír – yo amo a Pía… Yo amo a Pía… YO AMO A PÍA – decía mientras comenzaba a saltar - Sí, sí, nosotras ya sabemos eso, pero anda ve y díselo a ella - Y si ella no me cree, si ella piensa que sigo con confusiones? - Pues… sigues con confusiones? - No - Entonces díselo! - Pero seguramente está con Allison en el cuarto… - Nosotras nos encargamos de ella – dijo Adela – Una vez que terminen lo de los ejercicios, después de la cena, nosotras le inventaremos una excusa para sacarla del cuarto. Es ahí, Valen, cuando tienes que decirle todo lo que quieres decir, entendido? - No necesitas explicarlo dos veces, ya sé cómo lo haré – dijo Valen con una sonrisa - Pues mucha suerte y que empiece el show después de la cena – todas juntaron sus manos y luego se fueron Pía estaba descansando un rato en su cama después de haber terminado con los trastes de la cena en la cocina. A Allison las chicas la habían llamado para unos consejos. \"Qué bueno que ya le estén agarrando confianza, sabía que era cuestión de tiempo\" pensaba la morena. Valentina, después de los consejos de Maca, con la charla de las chicas terminó de aceptar sus sentimientos por Pía y decidió que no tenía por qué importarle lo que su familia pueda decir de ella. Cogió su guitarra y se puso a acomodar las cuerdas en la puerta de la habitación de Pía. Una vez lista, comenzó a entonar \"Everytime we touch (slow version)\" de Cascada. Pía, al escuchar el sonido de la guitarra tan cerca, salió a ver por \"curiosidad\" de qué se trataba y sonrió inconscientemente al ver a su pelirroja parada en su puerta dedicándole la canción… I still hear your voice when you sleep next to me, I still feel your touch in my dreams. Forgive me my weakness, but I don't know why without you it's hard to survive. 'Cause every time we touch I get this feeling and every time we kiss I swear I can fly. Can't you feel my heart beat fast? I want this to last. Need you by my side. 'Cause every time we touch I feel the static and every time we kiss I reach for the sky. Can't you hear my heart beat? So, I can't let you go Want you in my life. Your arms are my castle, your heart is my sky. They wipe away tears that I cry. The good and the bad times, we've been through them all. You make me rise when I fall. 'Cause every time we touch I get this feeling, and every time we kiss I swear I can fly. Can't you feel my heart beat fast? I want this to last Need you by my side. 'Cause every time we touch I feel the static, and every time we kiss I reach for the sky, Can't you hear my heart beat? So, I can't let you go Want you in my life. - … - No puedo dejarte ir Pía, te necesito en mi vida… ... to be continued ...[Chapter 8] yasliz: qué bueno que darse escapaditas del trabajo valgan la pena xD Sí, yo siempre pensé que las chicas serían quienes despertaran a Valen, gracias por comentar :D kellyth: Sí, sí la vi! e inclusive me saludó! Morí cuando mencionó mi nombre xD Pues a mi me encanta \"306 Radio\" porque tiene buena música y hace buenas entrevistas ^^ paxhunter13 : jajajaja qué bueno que lo ames xD Espero que este tambien te guste GinebraRemyHadley : Me encantó tu lista de descripciones :D Al fin vale ya está aclarada y quedó como amigos con Axl. Sí, ya después sabrás quien es Giuliana. Gracias por comentar, siempre me gustan mucho! ^^ Crush01 : xDDD A todas nos gustaría así una 2da temporada con ellas! Y sobre las chicas, bueno yo pensé que eso iba a pasar al final de la serie, pero no ocurrió xD RiotIs : Sí, era tan fácil ayudarla con esto, pero no lo hicieron -.- jajaja Axl ya está acostumbrado xD Yo tambien amo tu fic! JackieVodka : No tienes por qué disculparte :D Valen necesitaba ese empujón y tal vez un par de cachetadas :D Espero te guste este capi ^^ Uhm bueno esta vez he actualizado un poco tarde porque recién he llegado hoy lunes a mi casa luego de un fin de semana fuera. Disculpen la demora y espero que les guste :D - … - Dime que sí Pía. Dame una oportunidad - Cómo quieres que te dé una oportunidad si sé que mañana seguramente otra vez estarás confundida - No, no, te equivocas. Las confusiones nunca más aparecerán - Yo no estoy segura de ello… - Pero yo sí. Yo ya me aclaré, Pía. Yo sé que te quiero a mi lado y que no me importa lo que el resto diga – dijo mientras dejaba su guitarra a un costado - Siempre dices eso Valen… - No, yo nunca te había dicho que estaba segura de algo… - Pero Valentina, ayer has salido con Axl - Sí, pero solo lo hice para terminar de comprobar que no siento atracción por él ni por ninguno. La única que me vuelve loca eres tú, la única que me importa eres tú - Pues no es fácil creerte… - Sí… yo sé, pero solo te pido una chance de que me dejes demostrarte que sí hablo en serio - Pero es que yo ya no me puedo arriesgar contigo, no otra vez. Me hace mucho daño - Es que esta vez será diferente, esta vez te estoy diciendo que te amo Pía. Esta vez te estoy diciendo que no puedo estar sin ti, que te necesito conmigo, que quiero sentir tu mirada, que quiero abrazarte, que quiero besarte como nunca, que quiero ir contigo a todos lados. Esta vez te estoy diciendo que te amo Pía - No… no… yo no puedo Valen – dijo Pía mientras volvía a entrar a su cuarto - No digas que no Pía – dijo deteniéndola y quedando frente a frente a tan solo unos centímetros – yo sé que tú también me quieres Pía, eso no lo puedes negar - Cómo puedes estar tan segura... - Pues porque yo sé que estás sintiendo todas esas emociones que yo estoy sintiendo por tenerte tan junto a mí- dijo mientras circulaba sus brazos en la cintura de Pía - Dime que no sientes la chispa que yo siento y yo juro que nunca más vuelvo a buscarte - … - Pía no podía decir nada, estar tan cerca de su pelirroja la ponía así - Lo ves? … No te pido que seas mi novia, aunque tú sabes que me encantaría. Solo te pido que me dejes luchar por ti, que me dejes demostrarte que yo en serio te quiero y que las confusiones ya nunca más aparecerán - Yo… - dijo Pía mientras sentía que los labios de su pelirroja se acercaban… - Ey! Chicas, no creen que ya es un poco tarde? – dijo Allison saliendo del cuarto de Greta - Allison… - dijo Pía separándose de Valen y \"volviendo\" a la realidad - Ya son poco más de las diez, creo que todas ya deberíamos estar durmiendo - Pues unos quince minutos más no hubiese hecho diferencia, nos interrumpiste – dijo Valen matándola con los ojos - No, no le hagas caso, justo habíamos terminado. Ehm… hasta mañana Valentina – dijo entrando a su cuarto - Pía… - dijo en vano porque su morena ya había entrado – Gracias por arruinarlo – finalmente le dijo a Allison A Allison no le importó el comentario de la pelirroja y entró a su habitación. - ¿Qué fue eso Pía? Pensé que querías olvidarla - Pues eso pensaba yo también, pero bueno en primer lugar la quiero demasiado, y segundo es que me dijo que me amaba y su voz sonaba sincera, me dijo que ya no tenía confusiones… - Yo solamente no quiero volverte a ver en pedacitos - Ni yo… por eso con el dolor de mi corazón… renunciaré a ella - Sabes que cuentas conmigo para todo… - Sí, lo sé… gracias… bueno tenías razón, ya es tarde… hasta mañana Allison… - Hasta mañana Pía Por otro lado, cuando Allison entró a su cuarto, Valentina cogió su guitarra y se encaminó al cuarto de Greta. - Chicas qué hacen dormidas – dijo Valen mientras entraba bruscamente Adela y Greta solo estaban un poco adormecidas pero no sabían si quiera como de haber estado conversando con Allison habían llegado a echarse a sus camas y acurrucarse para dormir. - ¿Qué no se supone que iban a estar distrayendo a Allison? – seguía Valen - Pues eso estamos haciendo – decía Adela abriendo un poco los ojos - Ah? Qué no te das cuenta que Allison ya no está en el cuarto? Ambas recién se dieron cuenta que, sin saberlo, habían \"dejado ir\" a Allison. - Pues qué raro. Recuerdo haber estado hablando con ella, luego simplemente me apoyé en la cama y… luego no recuerdo más – dijo Greta - Recuerdo que estaba diciendo algo del comercio chino con Latinoamérica y… luego no sé más - Están hablando en serio? La dejaron hablando sola? Y lo que es peor es que me interrumpió en el momento en el que pensé que Pía me diría que me daría el tiempo para demostrarle que la quiero… - dijo resignada - Lo sentimos Valentina – dijeron las dos - No, ya no importa… Igual gracias por todo chicas… nos vemos mañana… - dijo con voz apagada saliendo de la habitación - Todo es tu culpa Lola - Qué? Por qué mi culpa? Tú eres la que metió la política en la conversación al decirle que tu padre era el Senador y encima… Valentina ya no escuchó más y se dirigió a su cuarto con su guitarra en mano. Al menos sabía que su morena también la quería, y estaba segura de que si Allison no aparecía, seguramente la conversación hubiese terminado con muchos besos. \"Muchos muchos besos…\" pensaba ella mientras se ponía a recordar los besos de la fiesta. \"Muchos muchos besos…\" también pensaba la morena que no podía detener a su mente mientras pensaba en su Valentina. Pía, al ver que no podía dormir, decidió salir al patio a cambiar un poco los aires y liberar un poco su mente. La pelirroja no podía conciliar el sueño, tenía muchas emociones no liberadas por así decirlo, por lo que cogió su guitarra y, luego de pensar un rato, comenzó a entonar \"Amo\" de Axel Fernando, sin saber que justamente su inspiración caminaba a las afueras de su habitación… Amo lo que veo y lo que ocultas, amo lo que muestras o insinúas. Amo lo que eres o imagino, te amo en lo ajeno y en lo que es mío. Amo lo que entregas, lo que escondes. Amo tus preguntas, tus respuestas. Yo amo tus dudas y certezas, te amo en lo simple y lo compleja. Y amo lo que dices, lo que callas. Amo tus recuerdos, tus olvidos. Amo tus olores, tus fragancias, te amo en el beso y la distancia Y amo lo que amas. Yo te amo, te amo por amor sin doble filo. Te amo y si pudiera no amarte sé que te amaría aún lo mismo. Y amo lo que amas. Yo te amo, te amo por amor al dar lo mío. Te amo con orgullo de quererte, porque para amarte yo he nacido. Amo lo que seas y lo que puedas. Amo lo que afirmas, lo que niegas. Amo lo que dices, lo que piensas. Te amo en lo que mides y lo que pesas. Y amo lo que atrapas, lo que dejas. Amo tu alegría y tus tristezas. Te amo en la carne y en el alma, te amo en tus crisis y en tus calmas… Pía apenas había sentido la voz de su pelirroja, no pudo evitar acercarse a la puerta y quedarse a escuchar. Suspiraba suavemente con cada melodía que salía de la boca de Valentina, mientras que desde afuera, también entonaba en voz baja la canción al ritmo de su amada. Ambas mientras cantaban, comenzaban a recordar todos esos momentos íntimos que habían tenido. Habían sido pocos, pero habían durado lo suficiente como para hacerlas estremecerse con solo divagar en su mente. … Amo lo que pides y regalas, amo tus caricias, tus ofensas. Amo tus instantes y lo eterno. Te amo en tu cielo y en tu infierno. Y amo lo que amas. Yo te amo, te amo por amor sin doble filo. Te amo y si pudiera no amarte sé que te amaría aún lo mismo. Y amo lo que amas. Yo te amo, te amo por amor al dar lo mío. Te amo con orgullo de quererte, porque para amarte yo he nacido. La canción terminó y con eso ambas soltaron una sonrisa de amor puro. Valentina sentía que ya había liberado algunas de las emociones que no la dejaban dormir, por lo que se dispuso a echarse en su cama. \"Buenas noches, mi Pía\" dijo antes de cerrar los ojos. Pía, con tan solo haber escuchado otra canción de Valentina, se sintió otra vez calmada y muy feliz interiormente. Se paró de espaldas a la puerta y dio algunos pasos en dirección contraria a la habitación, pero se detuvo por un momento y volteó a ver la puerta de su amada. \"Buenas noches, mi Valentina\" dijo para luego dirigirse al cuarto de invitados. A la mañana siguiente, en el desayuno el centro de atención era Adela. Todavía habían quedado muchas preguntas sobre cómo la había pasado en la semana en que se había ido. Sin embargo, Valentina miraba constantemente a Pía y notaba que ella también hacía lo mismo. Ambas reían. Terminó el desayuno y Adela comunicó que ya tenía que regresar con Ignacio, que solo había venido por un \"SOS\" que al parecer ya se había solucionado. Todas se despidieron y le desearon la mejor de las suertes, obviamente nunca perderían contacto con ella gracias al Internet. Una vez que Maca embarcó a Adela en el bus hacia el pueblo natal de Ignacio, volvió a la casa a darles una importante noticia a las chicas. Todas estaban reunidas en la sala, inclusive Allison y Pía. - Chicas, no sé si ustedes sabían esto, pero la Asociación de Centros de Reeducación Social tiene siempre un evento a fines setiembre que ocupa todo un fin de semana, es decir viernes, sábado y domingo, que consiste en diferentes concursos entre las Casas. Por ejemplo, hay concursos deportivos y concurso de talento. En los concursos deportivos hay natación, atletismo y Damas. En el de talento, es libre, es decir, la casa elige su mejor talento y lo enseña; el talento puede ser desde contar chistes, hasta bailar o cantar, eso ya depende. - Y qué se gana? - Pues la Casa ganadora recibe 3000 dólares para gastar en lo que se crea conveniente. Y para las chicas, toda una semana libre. - Y cómo funcionan los concursos? Me refiero a cómo podemos ganar. - Cada competencia tiene cierta cantidad de puntos. En los deportivos, el primer lugar obtiene 250 puntos, el segundo 120 y el tercero 50. En el de talento, la primera obtiene 300 puntos, la segunda 150 y la tercera 60 puntos. Somos en total 7 centros y el evento se lleva a cabo en el club campestre \"El Bosque\" que queda en la parte sierra del país, está rodeada de montañas y tiene un río, una laguna y muchas cosas más que ya ustedes verán. El evento empieza este viernes, por lo que tenemos cuatro días para organizarnos, es decir, elegir a cada competidora de cada rama e intentar ganar – dijo Maca con una sonrisa – Ah por cierto, Pía, hoy me llegó un fax en el que me avisaban que ahora tú formabas parte de la casa, debido a las condiciones en que tu madre te dejó. - Oh… gracias Maca – decía Pía asombrada con la noticia, mientras las chicas reían y la abrazaban mientras la felicitaban - Bueno chicas, entonces tienen todo el día para pensar quiénes son las mejores en las ramas dadas y piensen también quién nos interpretará en el talento – dijo Maca mientras se retiraba a su despacho Los días comenzaron a pasar. Greta, debido a que siempre había sido criada como una chica de la alta sociedad, sus padres le habían enseñado el juego de Damas y se podría decir que era muy buena. Marissa decidió entrar a la competencia de atletismo, según ella el correr siempre para los conciertos de Nina le había dado buena resistencia física y ya estaba acostumbrada. Nina sería la que participaría en natación porque decía haber sido campeona a los 10 y 11 años. A la hora de escoger el talento, la decisión no tardó mucho. Después de que a Nina se le viniera un momento del remember de la mentira de lo que era su vida, decidieron que las que las representaría en el Talento sería Valentina con su guitarra y canto. Esos días resultaron ser muy tranquilos. Greta ya no se veía triste, ahora su sonrisa había vuelto. Marissa había cambiado mucho con eso de ya no ser una Nina-fan sino una Nina-amiga pero no cambió en su personalidad. Nina, para ser tremendo el problema por el que había pasado, había tenido una recuperación muy rápida y, a dos semanas de la falsa boda, ya sus comentarios tontos y su risa habían vuelto. Valentina trataba de acercarse a Pía, pero la morena siempre le huía; sin embargo, la pelirroja notaba el nerviosismo que se apoderaba de las dos cuando se sentían cerca y las miradas y sonrisas todavía estaban presentes. Pía por su parte, a pesar de ya formar parte de la casa, seguía ayudando a Maca con los quehaceres hasta que esta consiguiera una reemplazo. El viernes llegó y con eso las chicas se dieron un duchazo rápido, alistaron sus maletas y se prepararon para ir al club campestre. Llegaron y se instalaron en el lote nº6 debido a que ellas eran la \"Casa 6\". Cada lote era como un pequeño departamento que contenía 4 habitaciones dobles, 4 baños, y una pequeña sala de estar. No había televisión ni nada tecnológico, era pasar un momento con la naturaleza. Las chicas solamente dejaron sus maletas en la sala porque el evento empezaba al mediodía y tenían que correr, porque ya estaban un poco atrasadas, para llegar al lugar indicado que era un campo abierto con un escenario. Cuando llegaron, observaron a las demás chicas. Muchas tenían caras de ser muy revoltosas, otras tranquilas y otras simplemente normales. El evento empezó con una señora de mediana edad parándose en el escenario: era la bienvenida. El aire que se respiraba era paz y tranquilidad y, luego de la pequeña bienvenida, las concursantes en el rubro de natación fueron llamadas al área de las piscinas. Todas las personas se movieron hacia una piscina grande dividida en 7 espacios que tenía estrados a los costados para que cada Casa animara a sus representantes. La misma señora de la bienvenida comenzó a explicar que el concurso de Natación, al igual que los otros concursos, constarían de 3 partes (una parte cada día). Ese día, el viernes, de las 7 concursantes solo quedarían 4 que pasarían a la siguiente fase que se llevaría a cabo al día siguiente con estilos de nado más complicados. Luego de las instrucciones, las chicas se colocaron en posiciones y estaban listas para la primera fase de natación que solo consistía en nado con braceo. La carrera era ida y vuelta en una piscina de 50m. El sonido de la pistola indicó el inicio de la carrera y todas las chicas saltaron al agua en busca de quedar entre los primeros 4 lugares. La emoción se sentía desde las tribunas, todas apoyaban a sus concursantes, se sentía mucha alegría. La carrera terminó y Nina ocupó el 4to lugar: la casa de Maca pasaba a la siguiente fase en Natación. Las chicas la felicitaron, a pesar de que ella decía que no había dado una buena carrera. Después del almuerzo, que se dio en los restaurantes campestres del lugar, el nuevo concurso, el de atletismo, empezó. Contra todo pronóstico, Marissa logró el 2do lugar en la carrera en la pista de 200m plano. Las chicas saltaron eufóricas, la casa de Maca seguía quedando bien. El siguiente concurso fue el juego de damas que empezó a las 5pm y en la que solo 6 casas participaron debido a que una no tenía representante del juego. Se empezaron 3 partidas y las ganadoras pasarían a la segunda fase. Después de algo más de una hora, Greta superó a su contricante y las chicas no podían estar más felices. Había otra casa que también había logrado hacer buena presencia y esa era la Casa nº3, pero no importaba por ahora, todavía era muy temprano como para preocuparse. El concurso de talento se llevó a cabo en la discoteca de regular tamaño que poseía el club, se llamaba \"Heaven\". El salón estaba oscuro, solo con luces típicas de una disco y sobre el escenario una luz blanca. La misma señora de mediana edad comenzó a explicar las pautas del concurso, que eran las misma a las demás, y luego dio paso a la casa nº1 a enseñar su talento. Mientras eso pasaba, en el pequeño vestuario detrás del escenario se encontraban las demás participantes esperando su turno, entre ellas Valentina. Pía entró al lugar y buscó a Valentina. La vio sentada mirando el suelo. - ¿Qué pasa Valen, todo bien? - Pía! – dijo parándose para abrazarla – justo pensaba en ti - Ah bueno yo solo venía a desearte suerte… Buena suerte – dijo mientras se volteaba para irse - Ey no, no. Tú has venido porque también necesitas verme – le dijo sonriendo - Qué? Ay no Valentina, no empecemos con esto - No, sí! No hemos hablado de esto desde que Allison nos interrumpió después de que yo te decía que ya no tenía confusiones, recuerdas? Yo te había pedido tiempo para demostrarte que cuando te digo que te amo, va en serio - No, Valen, no… - ¿Por qué no Pía? - Porque… porque después me ilusiono y cuán más grande es la ilusión, más grande es la caída, y yo no podría soportar otra caída tan grande - No vas a caer, nunca. Yo nunca te voy a soltar - Es que eso dices ahora - Y lo diré siempre de ahora en adelante. Pía, entiende, te amo, te amo, te amo… - No Valen para. Mira, no lo intentes… Ya no existe una chance para nosotras… - Tú sabes que eso no es cierto - No, sí lo sé - No, porque yo todavía te siento aquí, sabes? – dijo tocándose el lado del corazón - Yo sé que tú también me quieres, pero tienes miedo a salir lastimada y lo entiendo. Yo sé que por mis confusiones te hice daño… - Mucho daño… - Bueno mucho daño, pero ya no más Pía. No me importa lo que digan los demás, me importa poco lo que diga mi familia. Lo único que me importa eres tú Pía – dijo agarrándole las manos - No… no, Valen. Mira quiero que continúes tu vida… yo lo haré… - Yo quiero continuar mi vida contigo Pía - Disculpa, casa nº6? Tu turno es en un minuto – dijo la asistente de la promotora desde la puerta - Ya, okey, en seguida salgo – dijo mientras la asistente se retiraba – Pía, Pía yo te quiero conmigo - No Valen… ya creo que debes irte… te deseo suerte – dijo soltando las manos - Te quedarás a ver la presentación? - Sí, estaré con las demás chicas - Pues entonces quiero que sepas que la canción que cantaré estará dedicada para ti – dijo mientras le plantaba un beso rápido en los labios y se iba - Valen… - dijo Pía al aire, ya que su pelirroja ya se preparaba para salir al escenario Pía salió rápido de los camerinos y se dirigió rápidamente a donde estaban las chicas. Miró el escenario y vio a su pelirroja acomodando el micrófono y sus acordes de guitarra. De pronto, Valentina comenzó a hablar. - Buenas noches a todos, mi nombre es Valentina, soy representante de la casa nº6 y mi talento es cantar y tocar guitarra. A continuación haré una cover de la canción de Luis Fonsi \"Yo no me doy por vencido\" y está especialmente dedicada a la chica que amo, su nombre es Pía. A la multitud pareció no importarle que una chica le esté confesando su amor a otra y simplemente comenzaron a aplaudir. Pía se había quedado un poco anonadada: su pelirroja no tenía miedo de decirle a todas las presentes que ¿la amaba? Sus pensamientos se quedaron en stand-by cuando sintió la voz de Valentina. Me quedo callado. Soy como un niño dormido que puede despertarse con apenas sólo un ruido. Cuando menos te lo esperas, cuando menos lo imagino sé que un día no me aguanto y voy y te miro. Y te lo digo a los gritos. Y te ríes y me tomas por un loco atrevido pues no sabes cuánto tiempo en mis sueños has vivido, ni sospechas cuando te nombré. Yo, yo no me doy por vencido. Yo quiero un mundo contigo. Juro que vale la pena esperar, y esperar y esperar un suspiro, una señal del destino. No me canso, no me rindo, no me doy por vencido. Tengo una flor de bolsillo, marchita de buscar a una mujer que me quiera y reciba su perfume hasta traer la primavera y me enseñe lo que no aprendí de la vida, que brilla más cada día porque estoy tan sólo a un paso de ganarme la alegría. Porque el corazón levanta una tormenta enfurecida desde aquel momento en que te ví. Yo, yo no me doy por vencido. Yo quiero un mundo contigo Juro que vale la pena esperar, y esperar y esperar un suspiro, una señal del destino. No me canso, no me rindo, no me doy por vencido. Este silencio esconde demasiadas palabras. No me detengo, pase lo que pase seguiré. Yo, yo no me doy por vencido. Yo quiero un mundo contigo Juro que vale la pena esperar, y esperar y esperar un suspiro, una señal del destino. No me canso, no me rindo, no me doy por vencido. Durante toda la canción Valentina no había dejado de mirar a Pía y esta tampoco le había quitado la vista de encima a la pelirroja... ... to be continued ...[Chapter 9] kellyth : xD Yo me emocioné mucho cuando escuché mi nombre xD y sí creo que a ti te mandó doble saludo! :D 14789635 : Si hay segunda temporada, ojalá que algo así suceda *.* Saludos Araceli! ^^ paxhunter13 : jajaja he venido con demasiada miel de mi fin de semana xDD y gracias por comentar! :D yasliz : Aquí está la respuesta de Pía ;D y los personajes los trato de hacer lo más parecido posible :D Espero te guste! Crush01 : Yo me emociono escribiéndolo! Me alegra que te transmita los sentimientos :D Respuesta Respuesta! Soy de Lima, Perú ^^ carohsanchez : jejeje siempre trato de ponerle emoción al final xD Aquí esta la conti :D RiotIs : jajaja si, pero aqui ya no es bipolar como en NM ¬¬ en la serie ya estresaba su cambio de animo xD Durante toda la canción Valentina no había dejado de mirar a Pía y su morena tampoco le había quitado la vista de encima. La conexión solo se rompió cuando se comenzó a escuchar una gran bulla de aplausos. - Gracias, gracias – dijo Valentina mientras se retiraba a los camerinos La concursante nº7 salió a hacer la última presentación de la noche y, luego de ella, los jueces mencionaron a las casas que pasarían a la siguiente fase. La casa de Maca estuvo entre las 4 elegidas: las chicas gritaron de emoción. Las concursantes se juntaron con sus grupos y, luego de algunos bocaditos brindados, los organizadores les dieron tiempo libre a las chicas para que hicieran lo que quisieran, siempre y cuando respeten el horario del día siguiente que volvería a empezar con natación al mediodía. Todas las chicas se retiraron a sus lotes y se observaba que algunas salían al río, al pequeño lago o simplemente salían a caminar por el club. Las chicas de Maca llegaron al lote 6 y recordaron que habían dejado todo tirado, por lo que primero se organizarían con lo de los cuartos y luego saldrían a recorrer el lugar en medio de la noche. Maca llamó a Allison debido a que las dueñas de Casa tendrían una pequeña reunión en el lote principal. - Yo duermo con Nina – dijo Marissa - Y yo duermo con Allison – dijo Greta sonriéndole a Valentina - Qué? Y eso por qué si ustedes casi ni se conocen – preguntó Pía - No, no creas. El lunes me dio unos consejos muy muuuy buenos. La estimo mucho y me gustaría que me dé consejos en estos días, por eso quiero dormir con ella – dijo Greta muy convencida - Ah bueno sí, es buena consejera… - Pues nosotras estaremos en el primer cuarto, nos vemos luego chicas – dijo Marissa - Okey entonces yo voy a instalarme en el segundo cuarto – dijo Greta siguiendo a Nina y Marissa que se llevaban sus maletas a uno de los cuartos - Te ayudo con la maleta? – le preguntó Valen a Pía - Ah? No, no te preocupes, yo puedo llevarla – dijo Pía dándose cuenta que dormiría con su pelirroja - Bueno… Oye después quiero hablar contigo, te molesta si salimos por ahí a chequear el club mientras hablamos? - Valen… - Tú sabes que tenemos que hablar, no voy a aceptar un \"no\" como respuesta - Ay… okey – dijo dando un suspiro – déjame instalarme en el cuarto y nos vamos - Sí, lo mismo iré haciendo yo Los cuartos eran más pequeños que los de la casa. Prácticamente eran dos camas puestas en un mismo lado separadas por un espacio de 30cm, un pequeño armario, una lámpara pequeña sobre un estante de noche en la esquina y un baño, también pequeño, al lado izquierdo de la habitación. Ambas comenzaron a desempacar su ropa en el pequeño armario que había. Estaban muy pegadas debido a la pequeñez del mismo, por lo que Valen empujaba suavemente a Pía para fastidiarla entre risas. Su morena le seguía el juego y también le sonreía con pequeños empujoncitos. Terminaron de desempacar todo y se dirigieron afuera del lote para caminar un rato por el club. - Esto está muy bonito – decía Pía - Sí, no? Y con la luz de la luna, el lugar de noche se ve aún más hermoso - Lo malo es que no tenemos mucho tiempo libre, solo las noches para poder estar libremente por el club y hay muchas cosas que me gustarían hacer - Uhm cómo cuáles? – preguntó la pelirroja - Pues hay paseo a caballo, paseo en bote por el lago, un Mini-zoo cerca al camino de la montaña, la caminata por la montaña… - Uhm pues los caballos ya han sido guardados, pero los botes deben estar ahí a la orilla de la laguna… - Sí, pero qué insinúas Valentina – dijo con una sonrisa - Pues podemos dejar el dinero que cuesta pasear en bote al lado del cartel y podemos subirnos a uno - Pero cómo lo vas a dejar ahí! Además no hay supervisores, algo le pasa al bote y nos ahogamos - Jajaja ay Pía, no, no creo que sea difícil manejar un bote. Además si pasa algo, yo te salvo - Y si a ti también te pasa algo? - A mí no me va a pasar nada y no dejaré que te pase nada. Anda di que sí, mira que la laguna debe verse hermosa con luna llena - Uhm… okey, okey. Vamos Luego de caminar algunos minutos, llegaron al lado de la laguna donde había siete botes de pedaleo, donde cabían 2 personas en cada uno, y que poseían dos chalecos salvavidas. Desamarraron uno que era de color blanco que se llamaba \"Moonlight\", se colocaron los chalecos y se subieron. Comenzaron a pedalear por la laguna con el hermoso brillo lunar que las acompañaba. La noche se puso muy romántica. El agua cristalina con la luz de la luna reflejaba las sombras de algunos peces que paseaban con ellas y las plantas acuáticas que parecía que danzaban dentro del agua. Valentina hacía reír a Pía durante todo el recorrido, esta empujaba suavemente a la pelirroja en modo de \"queja\" mientras se sonrojaba. Al cabo de una hora, el bote llegó al lugar de donde empezó y ambas se dispusieron a bajar cuidadosamente. Valentina bajó primero, se quitó el chaleco, lo puso en su lugar y luego le tendió la mano a Pía para que se ayudara en ella al momento de bajar. Pía se quitó el chaleco, se levantó con cuidado, cogió la mano de su pelirroja, pero pisó mal y por reacción natural saltó rápidamente hacia adelante cayendo encima de Valentina haciéndola caer sobre el piso junto a ella, terminando una encima de la otra. Se quedaron mirándose durante unos segundos sin necesidad de hablarse hasta que se acordaron del bote que se había estado alejando lentamente de la orilla, debido a que Pía a la hora del salto lo había empujado hacia atrás. Se levantaron del piso y volvieron a amarrar el bote al pequeño puerto, por así decirlo, en donde lo habían encontrado. En el camino de regreso, Valentina comenzó a tocar el tema por el cual habían salido. - Uhm Pía teníamos un tema pendiente… - De verdad tenemos que hablarlo? - Pues sí, la última vez que lo hablamos tú querías que te olvide - … - Sigues queriendo eso? - … Sí… sí, continuaremos por caminos diferentes - Pero Pía por qué te niegas esto - Ya te dije los porqués, prefiero no arriesgarme - Pero no es arriesgarte. No hay chance alguna de que yo me arrepienta de mi amor por ti - … Es que no puedo Valen, yo no puedo creerte - Mira yo sé, sé que tienes tus motivos para dudar, pero solo te pido que me des una oportunidad. Solo te pido que confíes en mí, déjame demostrarte que hablo en serio - No… es que… no sé Valen - Mira Pía, esto es fácil. Solo déjame luchar por ti, no pierdes nada - No creo que te duren mucho esas ganas de luchar - Lo ves? Entonces, repito, no pierdes nada - … Bueno – dijo al cabo de unos segundos - … cada persona es libre de hacer lo que una quiera, no? - Eso quiere decir que me dejarás luchar? - Pues si eso es lo que quieres hacer, no hay nada que yo pueda hacer - Tú sabes que quieres que yo haga esto – dijo sonriéndole pícaramente – pero bueno, yo te demostraré que hablo en serio Sin darse cuenta, ya habían llegado al lote 6. Abrieron lentamente la puerta y se dirigieron a su cuarto, todo estaba callado y muy tranquilo. - Qué raro… prácticamente es tener la noche libre y las chicas están dormidas - Es que el día ha sido un poco agotador. Nina ha nadado, Marissa ha corrido, Greta ha pensado mucho… - decía mientras se sentaba al lado de Pía en la cama - … Tú has cantado y no te ves cansada - Es que yo adoro cantar y tocar guitarra, para mí es algo normal. Además es más fácil cuando tienes una fuente de inspiración - Pero la inspiración de las chicas es hacer quedar de maravilla a la casa de Maca - Uhm sí, pero las inspiraciones del corazón son más fuertes… - Yo no le veo diferencia - Uhm mira. Yo con solo mirarte me siento inspirada y siento que puedo entonar cualquier canción a la perfección. Daría lo mejor de mí solo para impresionarte. - Valen… - Qué? Yo solo te estoy explicando cómo me inspiro. Además no me puedes reprochar nada, tú me has dado chance para luchar por ti – decía sonriendo - Ay tú estás loca… - decía mostrando una sonrisa - Sí, así me has puesto tú… - … - Pía se ruborizó y desvió la mirada - Uhm creo que quiero entonarte algo - Qué? Ahora? Ya es tarde Valen, las chicas están durmiendo - Uhm sí, pero la puerta está cerrada y ya la mayoría debe estar soñando - Y si todavía no están completamente dormidas y las despiertas? - Ay bueno tendrán que agradecerme por tener el gusto de oírme – dijo riendo mientras cogía su guitarra - Ay Valentina, qué cosas dices – reía - Es verdad – decía riendo – Ya bueno no, pero igual voy a cantarte porque necesito expresarte mis sentimientos - Valentina, tú desde cuando eres cursi? – decía asombrada con una sonrisa - Desde que apareciste en mi vida - Ay que mentirosa - No, en serio. Es solo que recién cuando decidí aceptar mis sentimientos, te los estoy demostrando. Tú me has dado una oportunidad y no la pienso desaprovechar. Yo de verdad te amo Pía, y te quiero a mi lado. - … - Yo no me daré por vencida y esperaré paciente hasta que me creas y me aceptes. Mientras tanto no me cansaré de decirte que mi corazón es tuyo – dijo mientras comenzaba a acomodar los acordes y empezaba a entonar \"Aquí estoy yo\" de Luis Fonsi Aquí estoy yo para hacerte reír una vez más. Confía en mí, deja tus miedos atrás y ya verás. Aquí estoy yo con un beso quemándome los labios, es para ti. Puede tu vida cambiar, déjame entrar. Le pido al sol que una estrella azul viaje hasta ti y te enamore en su luz. Aquí estoy yo abriéndote mi corazón, llenando tu falta de amor, cerrándole el paso al dolor. No temas yo te cuidaré, solo acéptame. Aquí estoy yo para darte mi fuerza y mi aliento… y ayudarte a pintar mariposas en la oscuridad. Serán de verdad. Quiero ser yo la que despierte en ti un nuevo sentimiento y te enseñe a creer, a entregarte otra vez sin medir los abrazos que dé… Le pido a Dios un toque de inspiración para decir lo que tu esperas oír de mí. Aquí estoy yo abriéndote mi corazón, llenando tu falta de amor, cerrándole el paso al dolor. No temas yo te cuidaré, solo acéptame. Dame tus alas las voy a curar y de mi mano te invito a volar... Aquí estoy yo abriéndote mi corazón, llenando tu falta de amor, cerrándole el paso al dolor. No temas yo te cuidaré, siempre te amaré... - ¿Qué te pareció? – dijo Valentina con una sonrisa - Pues te gusta mucho Luis Fonsi – dijo riendo - No te gusta su música? - No, sí, sí, solo lo digo porque… no sé - Tan mala soy? - Qué? No! Cantas y tocas preciosísimo. La verdad es que si no ganas la competencia, los jueces deben estar locos - Aww gracias, pero no hay que subestimar a mis contrincantes - Pero tu competencia son una malabarista, una bailarina de ballet y otra cantante - Oye pero la malabarista hacía buenos trucos, la bailarina se movía bien y la cantante también tiene sus méritos - Ay sí, pero nadie se compara a ti… - Me encantó que dijeras eso – dijo mientras le cogía una mejilla sonriendo - Osea en el campo artístico… - Ajá, sí, sí, siempre y cuando mi inspiración no me deje – dijo dejando la guitarra de lado y acercándose - Pues no creo que tu inspiración quiera dejarte… - dijo mientras dejaba que Valentina quedara cara a cara con ella - No le daré motivos para dejarme – dijo mientras juntaba lentamente sus labios con los de Pía Pía, con ambas manos, cogió la cara de su pelirroja y se puso a disfrutar el beso… Valentina soltó las mejillas de su amada para colocar sus manos en la cintura de la morena acomodando sus cuerpos… Poco a poco Pía comenzó lentamente a descender su espalda, quedando echada en la cama con su Valentina encima… Sus lenguas moviéndose con locura intensificaban el beso y la dulce sensación en la entrepierna comenzaba a aparecer… Pía quería detenerlo, pero no podía. Su cuerpo, su boca, su lengua se negaban a dejar de sentir a la pelirroja. Ambas se necesitaban y el amor se sentía de lejos. Al cabo ya de largos minutos, Pía adquirió fuerzas y detuvo gentilmente el beso, le dedicó una mirada a Valentina que explicaba todo. - No te preocupes, yo entiendo. Sé que debo ganarme nuevamente tu amor – dijo la pelirroja mientras separaba sus cuerpos y se levantaba de la cama - \"Nunca lo has perdido, mi Valentina\" ... – Pía simplemente calló y se limitó a sonreír - Bueno me daré un duchazo, ya regreso - A esta hora? Pero hace mucho frío - Sí… es que lo necesito – dijo mientras entraba al baño y le sonreía. Pía le devolvió la sonrisa y se acomodó en la cama para dormir A la mañana siguiente Maca las despertó dando golpes en la puerta, decía que ya eran las 9am. Poco a poco ambas fueron abriendo los ojos, pero Pía no quería moverse. Valentina levantó la mirada y la vio ahí echada abrazando su tortuguita. \"¿Qué acaso se puede ser más tierna?\" pensaba. Se levantó y casi sin hacer bulla se echó junto a ella, quedando cara a cara, le dio un ligero beso en los labios y luego se puso a cambiarse la ropa. Ya cuando estaba lista, Valentina movió a Pía para despertarla. - Ey, bella durmiente, ya tienes que despertar – le dijo Valentina sentándose a su lado - Estoy muy cansada… - Pero tenemos que ir a tomar desayuno y luego darles ánimos a las chicas en los concursos - Sí, sí, lo sé, es solo que tengo flojera… - dijo mientras bostezaba y abría los ojos - Pues tienes que perderla. Ya Maca nos debe estar esperando - Pues entonces anda. No quiero que se moleste contigo por mi culpa – dijo levantando la mirada - Pero yo aceptaría cualquier castigo por ti – decía pícaramente - … - Pía solo se ruborizó un poco - Me gusta cuando te pones así - Así cómo? - Así rojita, te ves tierna. Créeme que hago mucho esfuerzo para no lanzarme encima de ti - … Ay ya, Valen – dijo sonrojándose nuevamente con una sonrisa – Mejor anda con las chicas y diles que ya salgo - Pero vamos juntas - Pero tú ya estás lista, yo demoraré un poco. Mejor distrae a Maca, mientras me apuro - Bueno, si así lo quieres, te espero en la sala entonces, nos vemos – dijo mientras le robaba un beso rápido en los labios y se retiraba Pía fue la última en bajar. Una vez que todas estuvieron presentes, se dirigieron a uno de los restaurantes del club. Todas las chicas estaban emocionadas por los concursos, tenían muchas esperanzas en lograr pasar a las siguientes fases. Valentina también se hubiese unido a la felicidad de no ser porque Allison y Pía parecían estar teniendo una agradable conversación con sonrisas incluidas. No pudiendo soportar esto, apenas terminó de tomar el jugo, cogió sus dos panes y se retiró de la mesa. Ni Pía ni Allison ni Maca la notaron irse debido a que las dos primeras parecían tener algo muy importante de qué hablar y Maca tenía la cabeza en un pequeño papel en el que escribía algo así como apuntes. Maca al darse cuenta que las demás ya habían terminado el desayuno, les dijo que tenían tiempo libre para relajarse, pero que volvieran puntual al mediodía al campo de natación para el concurso. Se paró de la mesa y llamó a Allison, ya que todas las jefas de Casa se reunían antes de las competencias. Ambas se retiraron y solo se quedaron en la mesa las chicas que estaban descansando el desayuno. - Y Valentina? – preguntó Pía que recién notaba su ausencia - Pues no sabemos, se fue sin hacer bulla y sin decir nada - dijo Marissa - Y eso por qué? - No seas cínica Pía, que no viste que con solo verte con Allison, Valentina se estaba muriendo? – dijo Greta con voz de pena - Ay no exageres – decía Pía - No creo que esté exagerando, esta vez Lola tiene razón - Sí Pía, mira nosotras entendemos que tú ya no quieras a Valen, pero por lo menos trata de no ponerla así, no coquetees con tu Allison en frente de ella. A ella le costó mucho darse cuenta que te amaba, pero lo hizo muy tarde… Eso ya le duele, no se la pongas aún más difícil – dijo Marissa - Yo sí quiero a Valen, yo sigo estando enamorada de ella, pero sé que debo alejarme y olvidarla. Y por otro lado, para aclararlo, yo no coqueteo con Allison, ella es solo mi amiga - Espera, espera, ¿por qué tienes que olvidarla? – dijo Greta - Pues por mi bien, porque ya he sufrido mucho. No podría soportar otra caída cuando se ponga distante por sus confusiones - Pero Valen ya superó eso - Yo no creo eso… de acá a un tiempo volverán a aparecer, eso siempre le ha pasado - dijo Pía - Pero Valen nunca había estado segura de nada. Ella nunca te había dicho antes \"Sí, estoy segura de esto, te quiero\" o algo así que supongo te habrá dicho. Antes ella solo actuaba haciéndole caso a sus sentimientos y después se arrepentía porque ella pensaba que eso estaba mal, pero ya no, ahora ella sí está segura - Entonces ustedes creen que de verdad ella quiera esto? - Sí, Pía, sí. Tu Valentina nos confesó que se moría por ti – decía sonriendo Marissa - … - Pía se ruborizó - Uy y por lo visto tú también de ella! – gritó Nina sonriendo mientras las demás también lo hacían - Ah! Chicas, chicas. Muy bonita esta conversación pero ya es casi mediodía! Nina, ve a alistar tu traje de natación, nosotras te esperamos en los estrados. No te demores o Maca nos mata – dijo Marissa mientras les indicaba que debían irse - Sí, sí, tienes razón. Nosotras vamos yendo. Mucha suerte! – alcanzó a decirle Greta mientras veía a Nina correr hacia el lote Las otras chicas, a excepción de Valentina, se dirigieron a las piscinas a tomar lugar en las tribunas para alentar a Nina. Pía buscó con la mirada a su pelirroja, pero no pudo divisarla. El sonido de la pistola daba inicio a la segunda fase de Natación. Esta vez el estilo usado debía ser el mariposa, uno que se veía complicado. Pía intentaba concentrarse en la carrera, pero su cabeza no dejaba de pensar en Valentina. Las chicas le habían afirmado que ella hablaba en serio, además era cierto que Valentina antes nunca había asegurado nada y ahora le decía sin miedos que la amaba… \"Siempre había fantaseado con esto, Valentina, inclusive llegué a pensar que nunca te aceptarías y que estas tontas ilusiones solo me hacían daño… pero ahora no le tienes miedo a nada y gritas tu amor a los cuatro vientos… gritas que me amas… Aff! y yo que me estaba negando a esto porque pensé que tus seguridades serían pasajeras… Pero ahora has huido quien sabe a dónde pensando que yo tengo algo con Allison… Pero no Valen, me gustaría saber dónde estás para explicártelo\" pensaba Pía. De pronto los aplausos y la bulla sacaron a Pía de sus pensamientos. La carrera había terminado y Nina había quedado en segundo lugar, por tanto pasaba a la última fase. Las chicas saltaban de euforia y felicitaban a Nina desde las tribunas. Al igual que el día anterior, se tomarían un pequeño descanso para el almuerzo antes de continuar con el concurso de atletismo. Lo que intrigó a las chicas y a Maca fue que Valentina no se apareció ni en el lote ni en el restaurante. - Alguien sabe dónde está Valentina? – preguntó Maca. Las chicas negaron con la cabeza – Tú tampoco Pía? - No, si supiera ya hubiera ido a buscarla… - dijo Pía un poco triste - Saben si trajo su celular? - Ella me dijo que no lo traía porque la única persona con la que ella querría comunicarse estaría acá – dijo Greta - Pero ella no puede estar paseando por ahí por el club. Hay reglas, el tiempo libre solo es después del concurso del talento… El concurso de talento! Ya vendrá para esa hora, no? – decía Maca - Supongo que sí, creo que solo fue a despejar su mente. No creo que nos falle en el concurso – dijo Marissa - Bueno chicas ya debemos ir al campo de atletismo – dijo Maca mirando su reloj – Marissa, estás lista? - Sí, sí, vamos Las chicas se encaminaron al espacio donde ocurriría el concurso de atletismo. Esta vez la carrera era 200m con obstáculos. Marissa se colocó en posición y la carrera comenzó. Como siempre, las barras estaban animadas, inclusive las Casas que no participaban se integraban a la emoción. La competencia terminó y las concursantes se veían cansadas en la meta. Marissa había quedado tercera… la casa de Maca no pasó a la siguiente fase, pero se adjudicaba 50 puntos por 3er lugar. Todas corrieron a abrazar a Marissa pensando que tal vez podría sentirse mal, pero se equivocaron. La \"gordis\" seguía feliz y decía que era la primera vez que quedaba entre los tres primeros puestos de alguna competencia. Con ello. todas las chicas sonrieron y siguieron abrazadas junto a Maca que también se les unió. Después del concurso de atletismo, todas fueron conducidas al área donde se jugaba Damas. Todas cruzaban los dedos por Greta y alentándola. Damas no era un concurso como el de Natación o Atletismo en el que el aliento consiste en gritos y bulla; por el contrario, las participantes necesitaban mucha concentración y los juegos solían durar más de una hora. Para felicidad de todas, Greta le ganó, con un poco de dificultad, a su contrincante y pasó a la siguiente fase. Las chicas se abrazaron nuevamente y comenzaron a celebrar. Maca las interrumpió para decirles que ya debían ir a la disco para el concurso de talento. Valentina seguía sin aparecer. En el concurso de Talento las Casas participantes eran la nº1,2,3 y 6. Cada vez los jueces serían más objetivos, y de esta ronda solo pasarían dos a la final. Pía fue a los camerinos y no encontró a su pelirroja. Ya estaban en el turno de la casa 2 y seguía sin haber rastro de Valentina. Pía volvió al lado de las chicas a esperar que Valentina vaya de frente al escenario a último minuto… y así ocurrió. La casa nº6 fue llamada y Valentina apareció con su guitarra. - Buenas noches, soy representante de la Casa nº6 y les daré una cover de \"When you're gone\" de Avril Lavigne – dijo la pelirroja un poco apagada sin buscar la mirada de nadie, solo se enfocaba en su guitarra I always needed time on my own, I never thought I'd need you there when I cried. And the days feel like years when I'm alone, and the bed where you lie is made up on your side. When you walk away, I count the steps that you take. Do you see how much I need you right now? When you're gone, the pieces of my heart are missing you. When you're gone, the face I came to know is missing too. When you're gone All the words I need to hear to always get me through the day and make it OK... I miss you I've never felt this way before Everything that I do reminds me of you. And the clothes you left, they lie on the floor And they smell just like you. I love the things that you do. When you walk away, I count the steps that you take Do you see how much I need you right now? When you're gone, the pieces of my heart are missing you. When you're gone, the face I came to know is missing too. And when you're gone the words I need to hear to always get me through the day and make it OK... I miss you We were made for each other. Out here forever. I know we were. Yeah Yeah All I ever wanted was for you to know everything I do I give my heart and soul. I can hardly breathe I need to feel you here with me. When you're gone, the pieces of my heart are missing you. When you're gone, the face I came to know is missing too. And when you're gone the words I need to hear to always get me through the day and make it OK... I miss you. El momento se puso muy emotivo, Valentina sí que sabía transmitir sentimientos con canciones. Terminada su presentación, ante la gran bulla de aplausos, Valentina agradeció con sonrisas al público, pero nunca fijó su mirada en las chicas. Cogió su guitarra y se encaminó a la puerta de la disco, al parecer no se quedaría ni a escuchar los resultados. Pía no lo dudó ni un minuto y decidió ir a darle el alcance… ... to be continued ...[Chapter 10] 14789635 : jaja sí Valen muy celosita ;D Que gane la Casa 6? ;D GinebraRemyHadley : Justo publicaste tu review al capi 8 cuando ya lo había subido T_T A mi también me cae bien Adela, pero como es libre... no la puedo meter xD Y no, Pía no participa en nada. No, no te disculpes! (: Y sí, ya era hora que Valentina sufriera, al menos un poco por Pía. A mi también me encanta Avril! Casa de Maca FTW! x) paxhunter13 : jajaja mucha miel, mucha miel y falta más xD Todas queríamos algo así, pero los escritores no escucharon ¬¬ yasliz : siempre tiene que haber drama, pero eso es bueno... mientras más grande el problema, más bonita la reconciliación :D JackieVodka : jaja creo que le he puesto mucha miel... mmm ya fue xD Y no te preocupes por no comentar (: A mí también me encanta la naturaleza... es perfecto para un fin de semana. Opino que las canciones con entremedio son buenas, pero como está en un concurso como que su entremedio solo es \"y ambas se miraban con un amor infinito mientras duraba la canción\"... entonces mejor no ponía entremedio, pero tengo una en mente que quedará perfecta :D Y no te preocupes! Siempre son buenos las críticas y consejos ^^ Crush01 : Me alegra que logre transmitirlas! Y las canciones... bueno creo que me puse muy romántica xD Yee, compatriota! :D carohsanchez : Gracias! Bueno ya le tocaba a Pía tener a sus pies a Valentina ;D Me alegra que te gusten las canciones! Trato de buscar siempre una que encaje con el momento :D RiotIs : No hay problema! escuela? sigues en el colegio? qué alucinante, yo pensaba que ya eras de 20+ xD Todas queremos que la casa de Maca gane ... :D Y bueno ya era tiempo de que Pía se haga un poco la difícil. Aww, a mí también me gustaría una idea así para una segunda temporada... con tal que tengan un final feliz, acepto CUALQUIERA :D El momento se puso muy emotivo, Valentina sí que sabía transmitir sentimientos con canciones. Terminada su presentación, ante la gran bulla de aplausos, Valentina agradeció con sonrisas al público, pero nunca fijó su mirada en las chicas. Cogió su guitarra y se encaminó a la puerta de la disco, al parecer no se quedaría ni a escuchar los resultados. Pía no lo dudó ni un minuto y decidió ir a darle el alcance… - Valen… Valentina! – dijo mientras apresuraba el paso para alcanzarla – Ey, espera! – dijo cogiéndola del brazo – Qué pasa? Por qué no me contestas? – dijo finalmente cuando quedaron cara a cara - Es que quiero un momento a solas - Pues has tenido casi todo un día a solas. Maca ha estado amarga y todas las demás hemos estado preocupadas - Pero no es que me haya escapado ni nada, solo estuve por ahí - Sí, pero por ahí dónde. No estuviste en ninguna de las competencias para alentar a las chicas - … Sí, lo sé. Ya les pediré disculpas más tarde… Cómo quedaron? - Pues Greta y Nina pasaron a la final y Marissa obtuvo el 3er lugar en atletismo - Oh qué mal por Marissa – dijo poniendo voz triste - No, fresca, a ella no le afectó. Es más, se alegró por haber quedado 3era - Ay esa gordis – dijo entre risas - En ese caso me quedo más tranquila – dijo mientras se disponía a volver a caminar - Ey, pero no me dejes… Puedo caminar contigo? - Uhm la verdad… preferiría que no - Okey, habla Valentina, qué es lo que te pasa conmigo - Lo dices como si no lo supieras… - dijo dejando su guitarra a un lado - No, no lo sé. Quiero que me lo digas - Pues tú sabes… es que ya me di cuenta que también te gusta un poco Allison… y eso como que me chocó. Me hubieras dicho desde un comienzo que ella era uno de los porqués a tu rechazo para que me hubiese preparado emocionalmente… - De qué hablas? - Osea que si me lo decías, tal vez yo me hubiese acostumbrado a la idea - No, no. Me refiero a qué es eso de Allison - Pues que te gusta - No, ella no me gusta. Por qué dices esas cosas? - Por lo de la mañana. Su conversación tan entretenida – dijo dando un suspiro denso - y con sonrisas indicaban que tal vez ustedes tenían algo - Tú misma lo has dicho, \"tal vez\". Pero no es así, Allison es solo una amiga. Yo me puedo reír con ella o puedo abrazarla o puedo hacer cualquier cosa, pero no me gusta. - Pues eso no es solo de hoy. También en la casa desde que llegó, ella te coqueteaba - Qué? No, nunca. Ella es muy graciosa, siempre me he reído con ella, pero eso es todo – decía con sonrisas - Bueno puede ser que a ti no te guste, pero a ella le gustas tú - No, tampoco – decía riendo al ver los tiernos celos de su pelirroja – ella tiene una casi-novia en la Casa que dirige su madre, esa a la que ella co-custodiaba antes de venir a la de Maca. Su nombre es Giuliana y siempre se paran comunicando por celular o Internet. Hoy en el desayuno, ella me estaba comentando sobre la romántica cena que habían tenido ella y Giuliana cerca al río y sobre cómo uno de los vigilantes no les quitaba la vista de encima. Me contó que ellas se reían del guardia y hacían cosas graciosas para ver su reacción. Me dijo que estuvo muy divertido - Giuliana está acá? - Sí. Giuliana es parte de la Casa nº3, está concursando en Atletismo - Ah… Entonces entre tú y Allison no hay nada? - No, nada de nada - … Perdón – dijo dando un suspiro y bajando la mirada - Perdón de qué? - No sé… por ponerme así, por desaparecer todo el día… por ponerme celosa y ni siquiera eres mi novia… - No tienes que pedir perdón por nada. Además los celos son buenos – dijo mientras se ruborizaba - No, no lo son - Sí. Claro que los celos enfermizos no lo son. Me refiero a esos celos que tú has tenido. Eso significa que te importo – dijo mostrando su bella sonrisa mientras le acomodaba uno de los mechones de cabello que había caído sobre su rostro - Tú eres lo que más me importa Pía – dijo mientras comenzaba a tocar gentilmente la cintura de Pía - No sabes lo lindo que se siente cuando me dices eso - … Te quiero mucho Pía y te extrañé demasiado hoy… - Yo también te extrañé mucho y me preocupé porque no sabía dónde estabas – dijo mientras circulaba sus brazos en el cuello de Valentina casi inconscientemente - Fui muy tonta, lo siento… pero te lo puedo recompensar… - Así? Y cómo? – dijo con una voz pícara previendo lo que se venía - Uhm pues no sé… Tal vez con algo como esto? – dijo mientras juntaba sus labios con los de Pía - Uhm sí… sí… sí – decía entre besos – creo que así puede ser – terminó diciendo mientras intensificaba un poco el beso… - Uy-uy-uy parece que aquí ya están celebrando – dijo Greta mientras se acercaba con las chicas - Ehem… - dijo Valentina mientras separaba sus labios con los de Pía pero no soltaba su cintura - Celebrar qué? Valentina pasó a la final? – dijo Pía que solo había soltado un poco sus brazos del cuello de su pelirroja - Sí! Valentina está en la final! – dijo Marissa corriendo a abrazarla. Nina y Greta también se le unieron con sonrisas - Ey ey, cuidado con la guitarra, la van a pisar – decía \"asfixiada\" Valentina – Pero bueno… gracias chicas y perdónenme por no haberlas alentado en los demás concursos - No, no te preocupes, te entendemos y nos alegra ver que parece que ya estás bien – dijo Greta - A mí me parece que está muuuuy bien – dijo Greta mirando a Pía haciendo que esta se sonrojara - Chicas! – decía Maca que se acercaba – ya le dieron la noticia? - Sí, sí. Aunque no creas que esa es la causa de esa sonrisa que lleva – dijo pícaramente Marissa - Pues se te tendrá que borrar porque tengo que hablar seriamente contigo Valentina – dijo Maca - Sí, claro Maca, sé que estoy en falta – respondió Valen mientras todas bajaban la cabeza - Chicas hagan lo que deseen y ya saben mañana desde temprano – dijo mientras le indicaba a Valentina que la siguiera. Las chicas le dieron unas últimas \"felicitaciones\" a Valen y se retiraron al lote y Pía le dio uno de esos abrazos que desearías que duraran una eternidad - Me podrás esperar en el lote? No sé si voy a tardar… - dijo recogiendo su guitarra - Trataré. Si me quedo dormida, igual me despiertas para darte el \"buenas noches\" - Está bien – dijo con una sonrisa – te quiero Pía… nos vemos más tarde – continuó para luego seguir a Maca que ya se había alejado Pía sonrió bobamente mientras veía a su pelirroja correr para alcanzar a Maca. Llegó al lote 6 y se encaminó a su cuarto. Escuchó risas que provenían del cuarto de Nina. \"Seguro estarán celebrando… pero no tengo ganas de celebrar, no sé por qué me siento un poco cansada… Esta es una de las noches en las que solo te quieres quedar echada en la cama escuchando música o ver una película…\" . Entró a su habitación y se echó en su cama. Recuerdos y sensaciones se le vinieron a la mente con solo echarse y, con una sonrisa muy grande, se quedó dormida. Valentina, luego de una comprensiva charla con Maca, llegó a su cuarto y vio a su Pía durmiendo muy plácidamente. Trató de hacer la menor bulla posible para no despertarla. Se cambió rápidamente la ropa y se echó despacio en su cama. La miró y sonrió. \"¿Cómo es que no me di cuenta antes? Me derrito cuando te veo… eres… perfecta\" pensaba Valentina mientras la miraba desde su cama. - ¿Por qué no me despertaste? – dijo Pía con los ojos cerrados - … - Ya sé que estás aquí Valentina, te siento - Perdón, es que te veías muy tranquila durmiendo, no quería interrumpir tus sueños… - Pero es que yo quería darte las \"buenas noches\" – dijo abriendo sus ojos y mirándola - Bueno entonces dime \"buenas noches\" y vuelve a descansar. Mira que ya es un poquito tarde - Buenas noches mi Valen… Ehm, pero ya perdí un poco el sueño - Uhm… Si quieres te canto una canción para relajarte, pero promete que te dormirás - Sí! Lo prometo - Alguna canción en especial? - Cualquiera, elige una tú. Todas te salen excelente – dijo volviendo a cerrar los ojos - Tan linda siempre tú – dijo sonriendo – te cantaré \"Eres\" de Agustín Almeyda – dijo mientras acomodaba sus acordes. Pía acomodó su almohada, sonrió y volvió a cerrar sus ojos. Te conocí una noche gris. Aquel otoño te descubrí. Hablábamos de algo más, con tu mirada supe amar. Pero el tiempo me ganó, yo no sé qué sucedió. Solo aquella noche gris, junto a ti era feliz. Eres tú la otra mitad. Eres tú y nadie más. Eres tú la inmensidad que quiero encontrar. Aquel otoño prometió lo que en un tiempo sucedió No fue solo una razón lo que el cielo me entregó. Yo no sé qué sucedió, solo fue mi corazón desde aquella noche gris... Eres tú la otra mitad. Eres tú y nadie más. Eres tú la inmensidad que quiero encontrar, que quiero encontrar… Eres tú la otra mitad. Eres tú y nadie más. Eres tú la inmensidad que quiero encontrar. Eres tú la otra mitad. Eres tú y nadie más. Eres tú la inmensidad que quiero encontrar. Valentina terminó de entonar la canción y vio a Pía en los brazos de Morfeo. Dejó su guitarra a un lado, sonrió bobamente y se echó junto a ella. La abrazó por detrás, se acomodó en la cama y cerró sus ojos para dormir. A la mañana siguiente, Pía despertó al sentir una respiración frente a la suya. Abrió lentamente sus ojos y una sonrisa se dibujó en sus labios casi al instante. El rostro de su pelirroja se encontraba a pocos centímetros del suyo y las ganas de unir sus labios con los de ella se intensificaban a cada segundo. Valentina movió un poco sus brazos, que se encontraban en la cintura de Pía, entre sueños y terminó acercándola más a ella. Pía simplemente se dejó llevar con el movimiento y ahora prácticamente estaba a una pequeña inclinación para poder sentir los labios de su pelirroja. Quería o, mejor dicho, moría por juntar sus labios pero algo la detenía. \"Y si le incomoda que la despierte? O si la asusto y salta disparada de la cama? … Ay Pía, pero es un simple beso\" pensaba hacia ella misma. Acarició sus cabellos rojizos y se decidió a besarla… Un \"toc-toc\" en la puerta la asustó y le hizo dar un pequeño salto. \"Chicas ya despiértense\" decía la voz de Maca desde el otro lado de la puerta mientras se sentía que se alejaba. Valentina, con un movimiento rápido y todavía durmiendo, acercó su cuerpo al de Pía y terminó echada en su pecho, descansando plácidamente como una bebé. Pía se quedó inmóvil temiendo que cualquier movimiento alejara a su pelirroja de ella. Lentamente apoyó su cabeza encima de la de su amada, circuló sus brazos en el cuerpo de Valentina y cerró los ojos. Un sentimiento de paz, tranquilidad y amor puro la hizo sonreír. Valentina comenzó a abrir poco a poco sus ojos y, al notar la posición en la que estaba, separó su cabeza un poco asustada. Subió su mirada hacia los ojos de su morena y vio como estos se empezaban a abrir. - Perdón, perdón – dijo Valentina - No, no pidas perdón – respondió Pía mientras se estiraba y con la yema de sus dedos acariciaba la espalda de su pelirroja Valentina no había notado dónde habían estado los brazos de Pía. Prácticamente habían despertado como una pareja y eso la hizo enrojecerse. - Maca ya nos ha llamado para salir – continuó Pía mientras le arreglaba el cabello a su pelirroja - Ah sí? No la sentí – dijo haciendo descansar su cabeza nuevamente en el pecho de su morena - Vamos Valentina, ya desperézate… - Te quiero Pía – dijo abrazando, desde su posición, el cuerpo en el que estaba acurrucada - Y eso a qué viene? – dijo con voz tierna y una sonrisa - No lo sé, solo quiero que no se te olvide – dijo sonriendo mientras cogía el mentón de Pía y se acercaba a ella para besarla. El beso solo duró pocos segundos, pero no se necesitó de más para poder expresarse el amor que se tenían. Ambas sonrieron y, con un último y pequeño choque de labios, se levantaron de la cama. Ya las chicas las esperaban en la puerta junto a Maca. Todas juntas partieron al restaurante de siempre a tomar el desayuno. Allison jaló despacio a Pía para alejarla del grupo en el camino, pero Valentina no le tomó importancia. Ahora ya conocía la historia de Giuliana y estaba más que segura que su Pía solo tenía ojos para ella. Se sentaron en una de las mesas, esta vez Valentina se puso al costado de Pía, y un mozo inmediatamente las atendió. La mayoría de las chicas pidió lo mismo de siempre: jugo surtido de frutas y panes con huevo o mantequilla. Allison, para variar, tenía algo muy importante de qué hablar con Pía. No le paraba de sacar sonrisas y eso no pasó inadvertido por las chicas que miraban a Valentina esperando una reacción. La pelirroja quería botar a patadas a Allison, pero se controlaba porque sabía que solo eran celos. Pía notó la incomodidad de Valentina y por ello le cogió la mano por debajo de la mesa y le regaló una sonrisa que le indicaba que lo de Allison solo era una conversación de amigas. Valentina se quedó calmada con solo sentir sus dedos entrelazados con los de su morena y terminó su desayuno normalmente. Maca, viendo que las chicas ya habían terminado, mandó a Nina a cambiarse para el concurso mientras les hacía señas a las chicas para dirigirse al campo de las piscinas y a Allison de que la siguiera. Las chicas se acomodaron en las tribunas en donde todavía se sentía la misma emoción del primer día. En una pequeña vitrina, frente a la piscina y junto a las representantes de la casa, se hallaba un trofeo de mediana estatura que correspondía al área de Natación. La misma señora de siempre cogió el micrófono y mandó guardar silencio para que pudiese hablar. Señaló que el estilo usado debía ser \"pecho\" y que la ganadora se adjudicaría 250 puntos y la segundo puesto llevaría 120 puntos para su Casa. Nina hasta ahora no había podido vencer a su contrincante de la fase final, pero eso no la desanimó, todo por el contrario, lo tomó como un desafío. La encargada principal levantó la pistola al aire y su sonido indicó el inicio de la carrera. Nina empezó bien con un buen salto hacia la piscina y su velocidad inicial le dio ventaja. La carrera se tornó muy pareja, aunque se notaba que Nina tenía dificultades con el estilo \"pecho\". Todos los ojos estaban puestos en ambas chicas que solo se llevaban milímetros de diferencia. La concursante de la Casa 3 logró un mejor impulso al momento de la regresada, lo que la hizo obtener una pequeña pero significativa ventaja con respecto a Nina. Ninguna cometía errores y no regalaban espacios; sin embargo, solo iba a haber una ganadora… una mano llegó un segundo antes que la otra a la meta y así se indicó a la campeona del rubro de Natación… Jimena Maldonado ganaba 250 puntos para la Casa 3 y Nina Sandoval, 120 puntos para la Casa 6. En la tribuna, todos los aplausos eran dedicados para ambas. La verdad era que la competencia había sido dura y las dos merecían ganar, pero un segundo en el tiempo solo le daba la victoria a una. Las chicas corrieron a abrazarla, Nina estaba un poco triste, pero las chicas le subieron los ánimos rápidamente. Le hicieron comprender que lo que importaba era divertirse y así había sido. Las chicas todas juntas se dirigieron al restaurante a almorzar antes de la competencia de Atletismo. En el camino, Pía notó que su mano y la de Valentina habían estado entrelazadas. \"¿Cómo?¿Desde cuándo?¿En la competencia de Nina o solo en el camino?\" pensaba la morena. No se sabía cómo, solo se sabía que ahí estaban inconscientemente juntas. Al llegar al lugar, cada una se sentó en los asientos acostumbrados, excepto Valentina que cambió con Marissa para estar al costado de Pía. Todas hablaban sobre las competencias durante el almuerzo. La Casa 3 también había clasificado a la final de Atletismo y ya se había adjudicado el día anterior 50 puntos por tercer lugar en Damas. - Maca, la Casa 3 no cogió ni tercer lugar en Talento, no? - No. En Talento, la Casa 2 logró el tercer lugar y Valentina peleará los 300 puntos con la Casa 1 - Hay otra Casa que esté clasificada en varias competencias? – preguntó Marissa - No. Nuestra única competencia es la Casa 3. Las otras Casas solo tienen una sola representante en el cuadro de los tres primeros puestos de todos los rubros - Entonces solo nos queda esperar que en Atletismo no gane la Casa 3 - Pues hasta ahora tenemos 170 puntos y la Casa 3 tiene 300. Ellas todavía tienen la competencia de Atletismo en la que pueden ganar 250 ó 120 puntos más. Nosotras tenemos Damas en la que podemos juntar 250 ó 120 puntos más (dependiendo del puesto de Greta) y Talento en donde hay 300 y 150 puntos en juego. - Uy está bien difícil… - Pero no importa chicas. Aquí hemos venido a relajarnos y divertirnos sanamente – dijo Maca - Ay Maca ese es discurso de perdedores – decía Nina – yo les decía eso a mis rivales cuando era pequeña - No digas eso Nina. Es verdad, estos son juegos. Si ustedes se divierten, el objetivo está cumplido. Pero bueno – dijo mirando su reloj – mejor ya vamos yendo a la pista de Atletismo a ver cómo van quedando los puestos Las chicas asintieron, se levantaron de la mesa y siguieron a Maca. Llegaron a la pista de Atletismo y se colocaron a los costados, junto a las demás Casas, para sentir la emoción. Las concursantes de la Casa 3 y de la Casa 5 ya estaban listas. La señora de siempre volvió a dar las mismas instrucciones y señaló el trofeo de mediano tamaño que se llevaría consigo la ganadora de este rubro. Allison le deseó suerte con un abrazo a la participante de la Casa 3 y en seguida, una vez en posiciones, la carrera comenzó. Las barras para ambas chicas se comenzaron a sentir en el ambiente. Las concursantes hacían parecer a la carrera con obstáculos una competencia fácil. Saltaban los mismos con una facilidad increíble y ninguna desaceleraba su velocidad. Unos centímetros de cabeza cruzaron antes la línea de meta señalando a la ganadora… Giuliana Kästner ganaba 250 puntos para la Casa 3 y Mayra Feliciano, 120 puntos para la Casa 5. Ambas chicas pidieron una botella de agua que se les fue entregada de inmediato. Allison se separó del grupo y se fue a abrazar a su amiga. Las chicas se quedaron extrañadas y miraron a Pía. Pía rió y les explicó brevemente la historia de Allison con Giuliana. Con toda la tranquilidad posible, las chicas se dirigieron a la sala de juegos de mesa donde sería la final de Damas. Hicieron un abrazo grupal y le mandaron la mejor de las vibras a Greta para el concurso. La concursante de la Casa 7 ya estaba lista, por lo que una vez sentadas en la mesa con el tablero, la partida comenzó. Lo cierto era que no era divertido estar paradas a los costados mientras se jugaba el encuentro de Damas. Era un juego de estrategia entretenido para los jugadores mas no para los espectadores, por lo que las únicas Casas que se hicieron presente fueron la Casa 3, la casa 6 y la Casa 7. Una hora había pasado y la intriga todavía seguía. Valentina abrazó por detrás a su morena y le comenzó a estampar pequeños besos en el cuello que le sacaban sonrisas y cosquillas a Pía. - Y ustedes ya son novias? – preguntó Nina - Pues… - dijo Pía con una sonrisa - No, no – respondió Valentina - Ah? No era esto lo que querías? – dijo Pía mientras volteaba su cuerpo y le ponía cara de intrigada a su pelirroja El sonido de un claxon indicaba que la partida de Damas ya había terminado… el pequeño trofeo fue entregado a Emma Saravia que obtenía 250 puntos para la Casa 7. Greta le dio un apretón de manos a la ganadora y con una sonrisa le dijo \"Felicidades\". Luego de eso se dirigió a las chicas, no parecía triste, hasta se podría decir que esa sonrisa que traía era verdadera. - Estás bien Greta? – preguntó Marissa - Sí, sí, la verdad que sí. Esa chica es una maestra en Damas. Me he quedado boba con sus tácticas. Da gusto perder frente a alguien de tan bárbaras estrategias – decía asombrada Todas rieron al ver que Greta no estaba mal, sino que, por el contrario, se sentía asombrada por la que había sido su contrincante. Maca les indicó que ya debían dirigirse al salón \"Heaven\" para el concurso de Talento. Valentina fue al lote en busca de su guitarra, mientras las demás chicas tomaban sitio para ver la final del concurso. Todas las Casas sin excepción estaban presentes no solo porque aquel iba a ser el último concurso del paseo, sino porque las finalistas habían mostrado grandes cantidades de talento puro. Además este concurso definía a la Casa ganadora. La Casa 3 llevaba 550 puntos y la Casa 6, 290 puntos. La organizadora principal subió al escenario y felicitó a todas las Casas por el gran fin de semana que habían pasado. Sin mucho preámbulo, dio inicio al último concurso dándole paso a la Casa 1 que mostraba el talento de baile de ballet. Valentina estaba un poco nerviosa en los camerinos, ni siquiera se había puesto a pensar en qué canción cantaría. Recordó la noche anterior en la que se había quedado bobamente mirando el rostro de Pía… esa imagen le señaló la canción que debía cantar. La encargada llamó a la puerta y le indicó que debía salir en un minuto. Valentina comenzó a preparase. Se arregló el cabello (que lo tenía suelto), se acomodó la blusa y cogió su guitarra. La bailarina de ballet entró muy agitada pero le dedicó una sonrisa. Escuchó su nombre ser pronunciado y por ello salió. Una gran bulla de aplausos la acompañó en su subida al escenario. - Hola! Bueno ya saben que soy Valentina y represento a la Casa 6. Esta noche les haré la cover de \"Me muero\" de La 5ta Estación. Como siempre, va dedicada a mi inspiración, a Pía. Pido por tus besos, por tu ingrata sonrisa, por tus bellas caricias. Eres tú mi alegría. Pido que no me falles, que nunca te me vayas y que nunca te olvides que soy yo quien te ama. Que soy yo quien te espera, que soy yo quien te llora, que soy yo quien te anhela los minutos y horas. Me muero por besarte, dormirme en tu boca. Me muero por decirte que el mundo se equivoca. Me muero por besarte dormirme en tu boca. Me muero por decirte que el mundo se equivoca, que se equivoca... que se equivoca. Pido por tu ausencia que me hace extrañarte, que me hace soñarte cuando más me haces falta. Pido por la mañana que a mi lado despiertes enredada en la cama. Ay cómo me haces falta. Que soy yo quien te espera, que soy yo quien te llora, que soy yo quien te anhela los minutos y horas. Me muero por besarte, dormirme en tu boca. Me muero por decirte que el mundo se equivoca. Me muero por besarte dormirme en tu boca. Me muero por decirte que el mundo se equivoca, que se equivoca... que se equivoca. Me muero por besarte, dormirme en tu boca. Me muero por decirte que el mundo se equivoca, que se equivoca... QUE SE EQUIVOCA. Pía y Valentina no soltaron sus miradas durante toda la canción. La morena se había quedado un poco confundida después de que su pelirroja dijera que no eran novias, pero con esta canción Valentina le decía a gritos, y frente a todo un público, que la amaba. La señora volvió a subir al escenario aun cuando los aplausos hacia Valentina no habían cesado y, después de algunos minutos de deliberar con los demás jueces, se decidió premiar a la ganadora. - Bueno, bueno, calma – dijo ante el bullicio de los murmureos de la gente – Los resultados han sido unánimes, aunque déjenme decirles que ambas chicas merecían ganar ya que tienen un gran talento innato. Pasen chicas – dijo invitándolas a pasar al escenario – … Bueno, todo listo?... La que se lleva este hermoso trofeo de Talento y 300 puntos para su Casa es… - dijo dando una pausa – Valentina Rubiales! El público estalló en gritos y aplausos. Valentina abrazó a la otra concursante y esta le dedicó una sonrisa y le dijo \"Te lo mereces\". La pelirroja también le devolvió una sonrisa sincera. La bailarina de ballet bajó del escenario y solo quedó Valentina con el trofeo y su guitarra. - Que hable, que hable, que hable – coreaba el público - Uhm bueno, yo nunca había ganado nada – decía Valentina entre risas y un poco en shock – Todavía sigo asombrada, no me lo esperaba. Ehm… gracias a todas. He pasado un grandioso fin de semana en este club, con las competencias y toda esta buena energía que se siente… Y bueno aprovechando que estoy en el spot-light – dijo con sonrisas – me gustaría agradecerle principalmente a Pía por darme una oportunidad para demostrarle mis sentimientos. A ver… no sé si me puedan ayudar con esto… podrían enfocarla? Es esa chica con el hermoso cabello negro y sedoso, con la sonrisa más bella del salón – dijo señalando al grupo de la Casa 6. Inmediatamente otra luz blanca se prendió y, con la ayuda de las chicas, enfocó rápidamente a la morena – Bueno, esta vez yo quería hacer las cosas bien. Yo te quiero mucho Pía y te quiero a mi lado sin importar lo que el mundo pueda decir de nosotras. Por ello… Pía Montoya… te gustaría ser mi novia?... ... to be continued ...[Chapter 11] RiotIs : Gracias! La verdad es que transmitir lo del final se me hizo un poco difícil pero creo que quedó bien! :D La 5ta estación es un gran grupo y esa canción les iba a la perfección. Uhm lo de tu edad simplemente lo supuse xD pero aquí en mi país lo de escuela, colegio es hasta los 17 años, por eso me asombré, porque pensaba que eras menor a 17! Besos! (: GinebraRemyHadley : Me alegra que te haya gustado! Yo te dije que Giuliana te caería bien ;D kellyth : Gracias! Tú siempre atenta a mi fic! Gracias, en serio (: paxhunter13 : jajaja seee! esto tiene demasiada miel xD Y todavía falta más... 14789635 : *.* Simplemente Allison y Pía eran buenas amigas :D Ciegazul : Gracias! Aww me alegra que haya alguien tan cursi como yo xDD ... que sí? Seguramente nos hemos encontrado algunas veces en la heladería xD Aunque Pinkberry ahora se está volviendo mi favorita :3 Y pues te cuento que el Club El Bosque sigo estando hermoso como siempre (: Lima FTW xP Abrazo y beso para ti también (: yasliz : aww miel, miel, miel xD Todas queríamos algo así... malditos escritores ._. Y bueno perdón por actualizar tan tarde, no tuve tiempo para escribir la conti. Eso sí, advertencia: sigue teniendo miel. Lo siento, ando muy romántica :S Y la canción va por ti Dianna :D - Esta vez yo quería hacer las cosas bien. Yo te quiero mucho Pía y te quiero a mi lado sin importar lo que el mundo pueda decir de nosotras. Por ello… Pía Montoya… te gustaría ser mi novia?... - … - Pía se sonrojó y se tapó medio rostro con su cabello - Di que sí, di que sí, di que sí – coreaba el público Valentina bajó del escenario con su guitarra y el trofeo. Se dirigió al lugar en donde estaban las chicas y le entregó a Maca los objetos que tenía encima. - Pía – dijo mientras le cogía las manos - no me importa si el mundo nos señala o trata de destruir nuestro amor, porque al fin y al cabo el mundo se equivoca … Yo no voy a dudar más y aquí, ante la mirada de todos, te digo que te amo y… - Pía interrumpió a Valentina con un tierno beso - Awwww – se escuchó en una sola voz entre la multitud - Pues sí – dijo Pía con una sonrisa separándose un poco – sí me gustaría ser tu novia… Todo el público soltó un grito de emoción y comenzaron a aplaudir. Valentina suavemente pasó sus manos por los costados de Pía y la morena, circulando el cuello de su pelirroja, con una leve inclinación volvió a juntar sus labios. Ambas tenían sonrisas durante el beso. Las chicas, incluyendo Maca, no pudieron aguantar más y les dieron un cálido abrazo grupal. La gente poco a poco se comenzó a retirar del local. Maca detuvo gentilmente la celebración de las chicas. - Bueno, ya es tiempo de volver al lote. Ya saben tienen la noche libre, pero no se madruguen porque mañana temprano a las 10am es la despedida y la entrega del premio a la Casa, a nuestra Casa – dijo Maca con una sonrisa Todas las chicas asintieron y se dirigieron al lote. Las chicas nuevamente felicitaron a Valentina y luego salieron a pasear por el club. La pelirroja, de la mano de su novia Pía y con la guitarra en la espalda, salió rumbo al camino de la montaña. - Se siente extraño – dijo Pía - Qué cosa? - No sé, esto, que estemos agarradas de las manos oficialmente como novias… No termino de creerlo - Pues créelo, porque es verdad. Y yo por mi parte no te pienso soltar nunca – dijo con una sonrisa - Ay Valentina, te me has vuelto muy cursi – dijo riendo - Ey, así siempre he sido, tendrás que aguantarme. No recuerdas ese día en que Maca dijo que tú te ibas de la casa? Recuerdas que yo te dije que me pondría vestiditos y dejaría mi reproductor de música para salir rápido? - … Fuiste muy amorosa… - No, no. Yo te dije que sería amorosa cuando salga… y bueno estamos fuera de la Casa de Maca, no? - Jajajaja… ay mi Valen, pero todavía te queda mucho tiempo encerrada - Pero no es encierro, tú también estarás ahí. Es el mejor lugar donde podría estar - Me haces sonrojar – dijo empujándola un poco – Por cierto, a dónde estamos yendo? - Uhm a un lugar que tu pensabas que no podríamos ir… el camino de la montaña - Ay Valen, pero a esta hora? Todo está oscuro y no sabemos si es peligroso - Pues ayer le di un pequeño recorrido. Necesitaba estar lejos, los celos me consumían y necesitaba aire fresco. Fui y el joven de la entrada al camino me explicó todo. Es un camino muy bonito, muy relajante, y cuando llegas al punto final, llegas a un lugar del tamaño de nuestra habitación en donde puedes apreciar todo el club - Ah, pero de noche es diferente, no tenemos la luz solar que nos guie el camino - Ya pensé en eso. A la entrada del camino hay como esas lámparas movibles antiguas que no son para el camino, sino para los guardias nocturnos, pero podemos coger una y usarla - Ajá… y cómo piensas prenderla? - Pues – dijo cogiéndose uno de los bolsillos del jean – para eso, traje esto – dijo sacando una caja de fósforos - Tú sí que pensaste en todo - Pues claro. Tú querías recorrer el camino de la montaña, pues eso haremos – dijo sonriéndole Llegaron a la entrada que subía la parte baja de la montaña. A los costados, tal y como lo había dicho Valentina, habían unas cuantas lámparas movibles. Valentina miró los alrededores y al no notar movimiento, volvió a sacar nuevamente la cajetilla de fósforos y prendió la vela de una de las lámparas. Le sonrió victoriosa a Pía y haciendo una reverencia la invitó a empezar el camino. Pía rió y entró a pesar de que la entrada que era como un pequeño cerco estaba \"cerrada\". De esa manera, comenzaron a seguir el sendero acompañados de esa pequeña pero suficiente luz. Entre risas y pequeños sustos que algunas sombras de ardillas les ocasionaban, llegaron a un espacio plano del tamaño de un cuarto. Poseía 4 bancas, estaba rodeado de pequeños arbustos y cercado por obvias razones, y en su entrada había un letrero. - \"Ha llegado Ud. al mirador, no ir más allá de las cercas por su propia seguridad\" – leía Pía - Sí bueno es obvio. Pasarlas es muy peligroso, ya estamos a una altura considerable. Ven, acompáñame – dijo mientras le ofrecía su mano y la dirigía a apoyarse en las cercas - Tenías razón… esto se ve hermoso - De día no se ve tan perfecto… - dijo mientras dejaba la lámpara y su guitarra a un lado – y para nuestra suerte, esta luna llena nos ha querido acompañar… - No imaginaba esto… en realidad es perfecto… Oh! Mira la laguna, qué bello brillo! - Parece que toda la naturaleza se ha puesto de acuerdo para nuestra cita - Nuestra cita… qué bonito suena – dijo volteando su mirada al costado buscando los ojos de su novia - Y habrán muchas más – dijo sonriéndole - Pues más te vale, Valentina – dijo en tono amenazante-sexy - Uy, y qué pasa si no hay…? – dijo con una sonrisa mientras circulaba sus brazos en la cintura de su morena - Yo me aseguraré de que sí hayan - Así? Y cómo exactamente harás eso? – decía pícaramente - Tengo mis métodos – dijo mientras cogía las mejillas de su pelirroja y la acercaba a ella Valentina no opuso resistencia y sus labios chocaron con la mayor ternura posible. Pía era la que mandaba, la boca de Valentina seguía a la de su morena y se entendían a la perfección. Separaron sus labios al cabo de unos segundos y juntaron sus frentes. - Te quiero Valentina - Y yo a ti Pía – se separó de su morena y continuó – nunca te pedí perdón por demorarme en aceptar mis sentimientos… Recién me he dado cuenta cuánto te hice sufrir con mis inseguridades… Te besaba y después me arrepentía… De verdad lamento haberte hecho eso – dijo bajando la mirada - Oye nooo, tranquila. Mira eso ya pasó, eso es pasado. Tú te aclaraste, y lo hiciste a tiempo – cogió el mentón de su pelirroja y lo levantó juntando sus miradas – Valentina, yo te entiendo. Comprendo que debió haber sido difícil para ti aceptarte, principalmente por lo de tu familia, pero lo superaste. Valentina, mírate! Le gritaste a los cuatro vientos que me amas. Venciste tus miedos y me has hecho muy feliz! - Y prometo que todo será así de ahora en adelante, nunca te haré sufrir Pía - Tú borraste mis tristezas, mi Valen. Yo, hablando francamente, puedo decir que nunca me hiciste daño porque las veces en que negabas tus sentimientos, el corazón me decía que no era cierto. Todos esas miradas, abrazos, caricias, besos… yo sabía bien que eso no era solo de amigas - Me alegra mucho mucho que internamente lo hayas sabido - Esas cosas se saben – dijo sonriéndole - Te había dicho que me encanta tu sonrisa? - Me gusta que te encante – dijo Pía cuando de pronto su celular vibró - Quién es? – preguntó Valentina, al ver a Pía escribir un mensaje - Es Allison, dice que ya nos vio. Dice que apaguemos la lámpara porque va a llamar la atención ver una luz en el mirador - Y cómo está segura que somos nosotras? – dijo mientras apagaba la lámpara - Eso es lo que le he preguntado – dijo. Su celular al cabo de unos segundos, volvió a vibrar – Ven, mira – le dijo a su novia para que leyeran juntas el mensaje – \"Pues solo lo supuse, pero ya estoy segura porque ya apagaron la luz jajajaja. Qué lindas! You're meant to be! :D \" – decía el mensaje - Sabes? Ahora que sé lo de ella con Giuliana, me cae bien – decía con una sonrisa - Allison es muy buena y divertida – decía mientras escribía un mensaje - Pero tú me quieres a mí cierto? – decía mientras ponía pucherito - No Valentina, a ti te amo – dijo con una sonrisa. Su celular volvió a vibrar – \"Giuliana les manda saludos y les desea lo mejor, igual que yo! No estén mucho tiempo afuera porque parece que va a haber una llovizna. Pasen bonita noche, besos (:\" – se leía en el mensaje Valentina se dirigió a una de las bancas mientras Pía les respondía el mensaje. Las palabras de Giuliana y Allison la habían dejado pensando… una canción se le vino a la mente. Pía volteó buscando a su pelirroja. La vio y se sentó junto a ella. Valentina levantó su guitarra y se la acomodó. Comenzó a ordenar los acordes para entonar una canción. - Ya me preguntaba para qué habías traído tu guitarra – decía Pía - Ah pues obvio, para cantarte. Para qué más? – respondió entre risas – Lo que dijo Allison me hizo pensar en una canción… – Pía sonrió – Te cantaré \"Gota de lluvia\" de Gianmarco… Tu tristeza se juntó con mi alegría y le robamos al alma tres suspiros. Decidimos empeñar nuestra rutina y aplicar lo que aprendimos en mi ausencia y en tu exilio. Y atardecer dentro de ti. Mi locura y tu serenidad se entienden y un extracto de tu boca me domina. No tenemos ni una deuda, no hay pendientes, no hace falta nada a cambio. No hay espacio a la ironía... respírame soy para ti. Respírame soy para ti! Dame una gota de lluvia, dame una promesa, dame un buen comienzo para ser mejor. Dame tu sueño a diario y una noche en vela para ser el duende que cuida tu amor. Dame un fin de semana que viene devuelta, dame una aventura en nuestra habitación. Dame una pluma vieja y una servilleta, Siéntate a mi lado y duérmete en mi inspiración. Sé que tú y yo tenemos segunda parte, que tu cuerpo y mi delirio son amigos. Sé que somos tan distintas, tan iguales. La cuestión no es el cariño, sólo basta con mirarte... y anochecer pegada a ti. Y anochecer pegada a ti! Dame una gota de lluvia, dame una promesa, dame un buen comienzo para ser mejor. Dame tu sueño a diario y una noche en vela para ser el duende que cuida tu amor. Dame un fin de semana que viene devuelta, dame una aventura en nuestra habitación. Dame una pluma vieja y una servilleta, Siéntate a mi lado y duérmete en mi inspiración... - Me encanta cuando cantas… y más si es para mí – dijo sonrojándose - Hago lo mejor que puedo por ti – dijo con una sonrisa. El celular de Pía comenzó a sonar - Uy, es Maca – dijo la morena - Contesta, contesta - Aló, Maca? Sí, aquí está conmigo… la 1am!... Sí, sí, ya vamos… - Qué dijo? - Que volvamos al lote, porque es tardísimo, son la 1am Valen y ya me está dando un poco de frío - Wao, no sentí que fuera tan tarde… Uhm, Maca dijo que aquí todo el tiempo es verano y por eso todas vinimos ligero, pero como que en las noches hace frío… Si quieres te doy mi camisa - Uy no Valen y tú te quedas solo en ese polo? - No te preocupes por mí, yo no tengo frío – dijo sacándose la camisa y dándosela a Pía. La morena se la colocó encima del polo que llevaba - Uhm, pero mejor abróchatela – dijo mientras cogía las botones y le comenzaba a cerrar la camisa – Luego pones tus brazos adentro de la camisa, así no tendrás frío – dijo sonriéndole - … Gracias – dijo un poco nerviosa al sentir el roce de las manos de su novia en su pecho y abdomen - Listo, vamos – le dijo con una sonrisa. De pronto, ligeras gotas de agua comenzaron a caer - Tienes razón, la naturaleza nos apoya – dijo Pía riendo – Ahí están las gotas de lluvia que me pedías - Ay, pero yo solo te pedí una – dijo mientras se colocaba su guitarra y prendía la lámpara - Mejor que sobre a que falte – dijo sonriéndole mientras comenzaban a bajar Llegaron a la entrada y Valentina dejó la lámpara en donde la encontró. El frío también le comenzaba a afectar, por lo que se sopló las manos para transmitirles el aire cálido de su aliento, pero al menos sabía que su novia estaba bien. Fueron a paso rápido al lote, la llovizna no era fuerte pero con el frío que se sentía hubiese podido enfermar a alguien. Llegaron y vieron a Maca con un libro en la pequeña sala. Maca les indicó que se lavaran y luego que se fueran a dormir porque ya era tarde. Ambas asintieron y se dirigieron a su habitación. Se lavaron rápidamente el rostro y un poco el cabello, luego ambas fueron al armario a buscar sus pijamas. - Gracias por la caminata – dijo Pía mientras se terminaba de sacar la camisa y también el polo - … De… de nada – dijo Valentina un poco embobada con el cuerpo de su novia. Ella también comenzó a quitarse la ropa mojada que llevaba encima Ambas se comían con la mirada, pero ninguna hacía nada. Terminaron de colocarse la ropa y la pelirroja se tiró boca arriba con todas sus fuerzas a su cama. El día había sido exhausto para ella, al igual que para Pía. La morena se acercó a ella. Se sentó a la altura de la cintura de la pelirroja y con una inclinación le dio un pequeño beso. Se alejó apenas unos centímetros separando sus labios, pero sus ojos se negaban a abrirse y su boca ya extrañaba a la de su novia. Valentina necesitaba nuevamente sentir los labios de Pía, por lo que, al ver que su morena no se alejaba por completo, la jaló hacia ella haciendo que sus labios vuelvan a estar juntos. Poco a poco Pía comenzó a colocarse encima de Valentina. La pelirroja circuló sus brazos en la cintura de su novia mientras que en su boca su lengua se desesperaba por entrar a la de Pía. La morena abrió lentamente un poco más su boca y su lengua y la de su pelirroja se buscaron al instante y no desperdiciaron ni un segundo. Pía tenía sus manos en los cabellos rojizos de su novia, mientras que las de Valentina comenzaban a moverse de arriba a abajo en la espalda de su morena y una sensación como eléctrica comenzó a recorrer todo su cuerpo. El beso comenzó a bajar de intensidad, el cansancio y el sueño comenzaban a pagar factura en ambas. Pía le sonrió, le dio un pequeño beso de despedida y se comenzó a levantar de la cama. - Ey, espera. No te vayas – dijo la pelirroja agarrándole una mano deteniéndola - Tenemos que dormir, Valentina - Sí, pero… duerme conmigo – dijo ruborizándose un poco - Aquí, en una cama, las dos juntas? - Pues claro… solo si no te molesta… - Noo, cómo me va a molestar? – dijo con una sonrisa - Entonces trae tu almohada – dijo sonriendo. Pía se estiró un poco y cogió su almohada, luego la colocó junto a la de Valentina - Buenas noches Valen – dijo la morena acomodándose en la cama - Que descanses Pía – dijo dándole un ligero beso Pía se acomodó en el pecho de Valentina y la pelirroja la abrazó y se apoyó en la cabeza de su novia. No pasaron muchos minutos para que todas las voces cesaran y se sintieran una paz y una quietud total en el lote 6. El canto de las aves comenzaba a sonar por la mañana. Valentina abrió lentamente los ojos, se echó de costado apoyándose en su codo izquierdo y posó la mirada en su morena que estaba de espaldas a ella. Solo había una sola persona con la que Valentina había deseado dormir al lado. Ya había habido veces en las que la pelirroja se había pasado a la cama de Pía sin que esta se diera cuenta, simplemente necesitaba estar cerca de ella, sentir su aroma, su esencia… Para ese entonces, ella solo pensaba que era porque eran mejores amigas, pero ahora reía con solo recordar esos pensamientos. Pía comenzó a moverse, tal vez por las suaves risas que había escuchado a su atrás o tal vez por la luz solar que ya se posaba en la habitación. Volteó su cuerpo lentamente y, al abrir los ojos, se encontró con una mirada y una sonrisa enamoradas. - Buenos días – dijo con una sonrisa la morena - Buenos días – respondió Valentina estampándole un beso en los labios – Dormiste bien? - Dormí deli… y tú? - Pues creo que ha sido la mejor noche, porque me sentí muy cómoda… aunque ahora que lo noto, estas camas son muy pequeñas, ¿cómo es que hemos encajado? – decía riendo - Es que hemos estado pegaditas pegaditas – decía todavía con la sonrisa en los labios - Uf, así me gustaría dormir siempre – dijo riendo - Ah, chicas qué bueno que estén despiertas – dijo Maca entrando al cuarto – Alístense y nos vemos en la sala. En 20 minutos tenemos que ir a desayunar y luego a la ceremonia - Sí, okey Maca – dijo Valentina mientras Maca se retiraba – Bueno, ya la escuchaste. A levantarnos – dijo parándose de la cama y dirigiéndose al armario - Me pasas un polo y uno de los jeans cortos por fa? - Ten, aquí tienes – dijo entregándole la ropa mientras se comenzaba a desvestir casi en su delante. Pía comenzó a hacer lo mismo. Las dos se tentaban la una a la otra, pero se disimulaban las ganas. Una vez listas, salieron agarradas de las manos a la sala en donde solamente Maca se encontraba presente. Solo tuvieron que esperar un par de minutos a las demás chicas puesto que estas fueron saliendo rápidamente de sus habitaciones listas para ir a desayunar. Llegaron al restaurante entre risas y bromas. Se situaron en los asientos de siempre y de pronto Maca soltó una gran sonrisa con ganas de hablar. - Allison ya no puedo más, tengo que decirles – decía Maca con la sonrisa - Bueno Maca está bien, son todas tuyas – dijo riendo - Qué pasa Maca, por qué tanta felicidad? – preguntó Greta riendo - Chicas, les tengo la mejor noticia de todas - Ay Maca ya sabemos que ganamos el evento de Casas, es solo cosa de matemática. Nosotras al final, gracias a Valentina, logramos más puntos – dijo Nina. Todas se quedaron asombradas cuando dijo \"cosa de matemática\" - Qué? No, no. Es otra cosa muy importante… – dijo Maca - … Y…? Dínoslo Maca, no nos dejes con la intriga – dijo Marissa - Chicas, como saben Allison vino hace dos semanas a ver sus situaciones… Pues ayer terminó de darle su informe final a mis superiores y pues, al parecer con decisión unánime, ninguna necesita más tiempo en la Casa… son libres! - … Qué? Pero yo no estaba ahí porque quería, yo tenía un castigo de varios meses… - dijo Valentina - Todas sabemos la verdad Valentina – dijo con una sonrisa Maca - Pero cómo pasó? Osea estamos listas para salir de la Casa? – preguntó Greta - Sí así es. Greta tu problema fue el desamor. Te chocó ver a Emiliano con otra chica… y estuviste llorando los primeros días, pero luego te recuperaste y las risas volvieron a ti. Tu problema en general es tu dependencia hacia los hombres. Tú no necesitas de un chico para poder ser feliz, tienes que ser feliz por ti misma. Entiendo que tu familia te haya enseñado a que casarte con un rico para poder mantener el apellido era importante, pero ahora tú sabes que eso no es cierto. Ahora lo que te toca es salir con la frente en alto a ver el mundo, ya no estás en la burbuja en la que los Domenechi te metieron. Ahora te toca empezar la vida desde cero siendo tú misma – dijo con una sonrisa Maca. Luego posó su mirada en la ex diva del pop – Nina tú pasaste por un estrés emocional que fue lo de la fama. Fue una vida que tú no escogiste y que tú hubieses preferido no vivir, pero tienes que mirar las cosas positivas que te trajo. Conseguiste 5 amigas verdaderas con las que puedes confiar para todo, me tienes a mí y a Teo, que aunque esté lejos, tú sabes que cuentas con nuestro apoyo. Después de lo de la boda yo, te soy sincera, pensé que te costaría meses recuperarte, pero me equivoqué. Han pasado apenas dos semanas y la alegría ha vuelto a ti. Ahora te toca hacer lo que tú quieras hacer sin que nadie te diga otra cosa. Si ya no quieres seguir en la música pues entonces no sigas ahí. Busca tu propio camino – dijo sin dejar de sonreír. Ahora miró a Marissa – Bueno Mari, los meses que estuviste aquí fueron muy importantes para ti. Pasaste de ser una nina-fan a una nina-amiga. Siempre nos sacaste sonrisas con tus \"dietas\" y siempre nos trataste de mostrar el lado bello de cada cosa. Pero principalmente fuiste una pieza clave para Nina. Ella sin ti, sin tu apoyo incondicional, hubiese tardado mucho más en recuperarse- Nina asintió y la abrazó, luego Maca continuó – Solo te puedo decir que nunca cambies, eres especial así tal y como eres – sonrió y luego miró a la pelirroja – Bueno a ti qué te puedo decir, Valentina. Desde el principio fuiste la más valiente de todas, siempre estabas dispuesta a ayudar a quien te necesitara y a proteger a tus más cercanos. Sin embargo, aunque no lo querías ver, tú tenías un problema en el que no buscabas ayuda. Conociste a Pía y se hicieron muy amigas desde el primer instante, pero con el tiempo eso dejó de ser una amistad. Tú no querías verlo, por miedo a tu familia o por el simple hecho de que te señalen. Yo me equivoqué cuando te dije que podías irte de la casa porque \"tu problema no podía ser resuelto acá ni en ningún sitio que no fuera contigo misma\" . Tú necesitabas un pequeño empujón y ese empujón no podía ocurrir si estabas alejada de Pía, tú necesitabas ese \"algo\" que te abriera los ojos, porque tú sola no te hubieses atrevido. Para mi suerte, tu subconsciente funcionaba y tenías la necesidad de estar con ella. Me trajiste la excusa de ser su cómplice en el robo para poder estar aquí, me tomó tan solo un día comprenderlo. Y ya, mírate, solo dos semanas han pasado y ya eres feliz con Pía que ahora es tu novia. Tú no necesitas más tiempo acá, ya no necesitas ayuda con lo que era tu problema – dijo con una sonrisa. Ahora miró a Pía – Bueno Pía, tú lograste superar con Valentina tu pasado y ese dejó de ser un problema para ti. Tú volviste a la Casa porque tu madre… bueno porque no estás en las condiciones de estar sola. La Junta decidió darte acceso a la Casa hasta que tú decidas que puedes irte, es decir, cuando ya poseas dinero o por lo menos un lugar donde quedarte. Tú prácticamente decides tu libertad… - Maca dio una pausa y luego prosiguió – Así es que, por eso chicas, ustedes son libres. Ya no tienen problemas pendientes. Ahora ustedes pueden salir y sonreírle al mundo. Eso sí, ustedes son libres cuando lleguemos a la Casa, por favor compórtense bien hasta que termine la ceremonia – dijo riendo Maca Todas las chicas asintieron y comenzaron a soltar sonrisas. Nina ya le estaba invitando a Greta a que se mude junto a Marissa con ella. Valentina y Pía comenzaron a hablar de su familia y cómo lo afrontarían. Maca y Allison se felicitaron mutuamente. Terminaron el desayuno y se dirigieron al campo abierto en donde se había dado la bienvenida. La señora de siempre agradeció a todas las Casas aunque también criticó algunos destrozos e intentos de fuga que algunas chicas habían realizado. Luego llamó a la representante de la Casa 6, osea llamó a Maca a recibir los premios que eran un cheque con dinero y una constancia de una semana libre para las chicas, que para este caso, el último era innecesario. Todo el público aplaudió y luego el evento se dio por terminado. La gente comenzaba a retirarse hacia sus lotes a empacar para volver a sus respectivas Casas. Maca se quedó hablando con algunas de las líderes de la Casa mientras que las chicas la esperaban mientras hablaban y se contaban bromas en dos grupos un poco separados. Por un lado estaban Marissa, Nina y Greta y obviamente en el otro solo Pía y Valentina con bromas un poco más pícaras entre ambas. Allison estaba hablando con un señor de mediana edad y, luego de haber estado platicando con él algunos minutos, le señaló a Valentina. El señor; de tez blanca, cabello negro, medio alto, con lentes oscuros contra el sol y con la barba de la tarde; se acercó a la pelirroja acompañado de Allison. - Valentina Rubiales? – preguntó el señor - Sí, soy yo – dijo la pelirroja que salía de las bromas que estaba teniendo con su novia - Me permites un momento? – dijo mientras le indicaba alejarse un poco a hablar - Uhm, sí claro- respondió - Ya vengo, no tardo – le dijo a Pía que se quedó con Allison Ambas se quedaron a charlar sobre cómo iban sus relaciones. Allison le contaba que ya era novia de Giuliana y que los padres de esta estaban muy felices por ellas. Valentina comenzaba a saltar de la emoción a unos metros de ella. - Por qué se habrá puesto tan feliz? – preguntaba Pía - Pues seguramente ya vendrá ella a contártelo - Tú sabes algo, cierto? – dijo con una sonrisa - Sí, es algo muy bueno para ella. Justamente tiene la suerte de que sea libre, porque estar en casa de Maca hubiese sido un impedimento - Impedimento para qué? - Pía, Pía! – dijo Valentina corriendo hacia ella – Adivina qué! - Wao por qué tan agitada mi Valen – dijo sonriendo - Adivina, adivina! - No sé, no se me ocurre nada, de qué hablaron? - Ese man de allá es un productor musical! Me ha escuchado en la disco y dice que tengo mucho potencial y talento! Me está dando la oportunidad de hacer un trial en la disquera en la que trabaja! - Waoo! Qué impresionante! – dijo Pía gritando de emoción y abrazando a su novia – Me alegro, me alegro! Qué bien, Valen! - Sí! – dijo mientras la abrazaba – Pero bueno, tengo que regresar a hablar con él sobre algunos detalles, solo vine a darte la noticia, ya vengo! – dijo todavía sobresaltada mientras se iba - Wao… cómo pasó esto! – le dijo Pía a Allison casi gritando con una sonrisa - Pues siempre ha habido productores en estos concursos y Valentina sí que tiene talento, se lo merece – respondió Allison un poco seca - Pero no te emocionas por ella? Esto es … INCREÍBLE! - Es que… hay un pequeño detalle… - Qué cosa, esto es perfecto! - La disquera en la que ese señor trabaja opera en EEUU… Si Valentina logra pasar las pruebas de canto y tonalidad, le van a ofrecer entrar a la disquera y ella tendría que irse allá… ... to be continued ...[Chapter 12] 14789635 : Difícil elección no? u.u jajajaja una necesidad? Lástima que solo queda un capi más x) yasliz : jejeje y este ya casi no tiene miel :D Dejar a Pía no será nada fácil... JackieVodka : Gracias, gracias! ^^ jejeje y perdón por robarte la idea maestra xd / Siempre traté de que parezca una segunda temporada, pero enfocada solo en la relación de nuestras chicas, siempre me ha gustado leer y escribir, tal vez debería hacerlo más seguido, gracias! significa mucho (: Ciegazul : xD La canción me la recomendaron y caía como anillo al dedo a la historia, quedó perfecta! Gracias! Ojalá te guste este capi (: Crush01 : Ow qué mal, pero qué bueno que regresaste :D! Me encantó que te haya encantado! Besos! (: RiotIs : jejeje la miel es bonita *.* Y bueno... a veces un final feliz tarda, pero llega... La canción es hermosa! me alegra que te haya gustado :D GinebraRemyHadley : Sí, al fin juntas, no...? Problemas... problemas... ;D Y bueno, otra vez tardé un poco pero creo que vale la pena :D Se supone que iba a terminarlo hoy con el último capítulo, pero se me hizo un poco extenso, así que partí el final en dos. Así que mi próximo Update será el último y espero que también les guste. Este capítulo está hecho con el punto de vista de Pía y luego con el del Valentina (: - La disquera en la que ese señor trabaja opera en EEUU… Si Valentina logra pasar las pruebas de canto y tonalidad, le van a ofrecer entrar a la disquera y ella tendría que irse allá… Mis ojos se dirigieron a mi pelirroja que hablaba con el señor muy emocionada. Tenía una inmensa sonrisa en sus labios, poseía brillo en los ojos y movía sus manos y brazos hasta por las puras. Era verdadera emoción lo que estaba viviendo mi Valentina. Mi mirada se quedó ahí estática, olvidé que Allison estaba a mi costado, olvidé todo lo demás. Solo veía a mi novia feliz mientras en mi cabeza muchos flashes de nuestros momentos juntas comenzaban a aparecer con la frase \"… y ella tendría que irse allá…\" . Una voz conocida me sacó de aquel trance. - Pía, Pía – decía Allison mientras cogía mi brazo y me lo movía esperando mi reacción – estás bien? - Ah? – dije volviendo a la realidad – Sí, sí - Maca ya nos pasó la voz, ya la escuchaste, ya se está yendo con las otras chicas al lote - Ah, sí claro. Y también llamó a Valentina? - Pues Maca conoce al señor, ya debe suponer lo de la propuesta por lo que no la interrumpirá… Su nombre es Omar Fuster – dijo Allison supongo que intuyendo mi interés - Ya ha estado en varias competencias de Talento \"descubriendo\" cantantes innatas. La disquera para la que él trabaja es Sony Music Entertainment en la sede colombiana. Como tiene prestigio y buenos contactos en EEUU, los años de \"reconocimiento y preparación\" los hace allá. Mientras la posible futura estrella está allá, ellos van soltando algunos singles en el país natal del artista, en este caso Colombia, para ver si tiene buena acogida. Si eso sucede, expanden su contrato y recién la hacen volver a su país para que dé mini-conciertos, autógrafos y cosas por el estilo. - Osea que si le dan el visto bueno, ella sí o sí se tiene que ir…? - Pues sí, o al menos eso es lo que siempre ha pasado. No creo que con Valentina sea diferente… Bueno, no queremos que Maca se amargue, así que mejor ya vamos yendo. Ya Valentina te vendrá a contar los detalles. Quién sabe, todavía no te adelantes a los hechos, nadie ha decidido nada. Miré por última vez a mi pelirroja, ella seguía con la misma sonrisa de antes. Volteé mi cuerpo en dirección contraria. Caminé con Allison rumbo a las chicas que nos hacían señas que indicaban que ellas se irían adelantando al lote. Bajé la mirada al suelo mientras caminaba, me encontraba un poco perdida. Ni el brazo que se posó por mi espalda tratando de consolarme pudo detener el dolor que se comenzaba a acrecentar en mi pecho. Llegamos al lote en donde se escuchaban griteríos típicos que ocurren cuando tienes apuro. \"No, eso no todavía. Primero pon la ropa, al final eso\" decía Marissa. \"Greta más tarde te puedes peinar, termina tu maleta primero\" decía Maca. - Bueno, iré a hacer mi maleta – escuché - Sí, okey. Nos vemos luego – le respondí a Allison mientras entraba a mi cuarto Nunca había sentido tan vacía y fría la habitación. Cogí mi maleta y comencé a llenarla de la ropa que iba sacando del armario. Mi cabeza comenzó a recordar mi historia con Valentina, desde la primera noche en que me consoló hasta la cita que habíamos tenido ayer. Terminé con el armario y comencé a empacar los demás objetos que hacían falta en el resto del cuarto, los pensamientos no se detenían. Una vez que tuve la maleta lista, me senté en la cama de mi novia y solté el equipaje. Hice que mi cuerpo se relajara y lo eché sobre las sábanas en que me encontraba mientras mis ojos comenzaban a cerrarse. Escuché una voz hablar, pero mi cuerpo no reaccionaba, no quería volver a la realidad. Sentí unos labios chocar con los míos y toda esa tensión que sentía en el pecho se desvaneció. Abrí solo un poco mis ojos y me encontré con Valentina apoyada en la cama inclinada mientras me besaba, volví a cerrarlos. Apenas habían pasado segundos cuando mi boca comenzó a hacerle caso a la suya guiándose por el instinto. Lentamente sentí que sus labios se alejaban. Abrí mis ojos, esta vez completamente despierta, y le sonreí tiernamente a mi pelirroja. - Con esto sí despiertas, no? – me decía con una sonrisa mientras se paraba de la cama - Es mejor despertarse así – le dije coquetamente - Tienes toda la razón – me dijo sonriendo – Pero, bueno, ya todas las chicas están afuera con las maletas junto a Maca y el bus que nos va a llevar sale en 10 minutos, así que será mejor que ya vayamos yendo - Wow se me fue el tiempo volando – dije mientras me percataba que el cuarto ya estaba completamente vacío, estaba tal cual lo habíamos encontrado el viernes - Vamos – me dijo estrechándome su mano - Vámonos – le dije con una sonrisa mientras me acomodaba la maleta y cogía su mano Salimos del lote y nos encaminamos junto a las demás al bus que nos llevaría a casa de Maca. Una vez en el carro, me ubiqué en uno de los asientos que daba a la ventana y comencé a presenciar por última vez el Club. Valentina comenzaba a poner su equipaje y el mío sobre nosotras en el espacio especial para ello, luego se sentó a mi lado. - Hermoso fin de semana, cierto? – me preguntó - No solo fue hermoso, fue perfecto - Fue perfecto por ti - Te quiero mucho Valentina – le dije con una sonrisa mientras el bus iniciaba su partida - Y no olvides que yo a ti también – me dijo dándome un ligero beso en los labios – Ahora, ven – dijo mientras ella apoyaba mi cabeza sobre su hombro – Descansa, será un trayecto un poco largo. Muero por llegar a la Casa y contarte todo – dijo mientras soltaba un suspiro largo y recostaba su cabeza sobre la mía Desde que me había quedado dormida había olvidado todo. Valentina me despertó como solo ella sabe hacerlo e hizo que lo olvidara. Pero Allison tenía razón, no tenía sentido sufrir ahora si todavía las decisiones no habían sido tomadas. Esperaría hasta la Casa para hablar con Valentina, a lo mejor no se la llevan a EEUU, a lo mejor la formarían como artista aquí en Colombia… No tenía caso seguir pensando en eso, por lo que simplemente cerré mis ojos y dejé que el sueño se encargara de mí. Llegamos casi a las 3 de la tarde a la Casa. Maca nos indicó que teníamos un día para poder retirarnos, ella sabía que todas le teníamos un cariño especial a ella y a la Casa, irse no sería nada sencillo. Comenzó a darnos una pequeña semi-despedida. Frases como \"Esta siempre será su Casa\", \"Siempre podrán contar conmigo\" o \"Nunca le hagan caso a Adela\" fueron las más emotivas. Todas hicimos un abrazo grupal y soltamos algunas lágrimas. El momento fue interrumpido por unos pasos en la escalera. - Chicas, lamento interrumpir, pero… yo ya me voy yendo… - dijo Allison Todas la incluimos en el abrazo grupal. Aunque no era como cualquiera de nosotras, se había ganado nuestra confianza y afecto. - Cuídate mucho y de verdad mucha suerte con Giuliana – le dije - Igualmente y la tendré no te preocupes! – me dijo dándome un abrazo – Cuídala mucho – dijo dirigiéndose a Valentina – Pía vale mucho y se merece lo mejor. Espero que no te equivoques en las decisiones que vayas a tomar de ahora en adelante - Lo haré y créeme que la quiero mucho, nunca buscaré hacerle daño – dijo mientras se estrechaban las manos – Y gracias, Allison - Gracias de qué? - Simplemente gracias – le dijo con una sonrisa Todas nos despedimos de Allison y Maca la acompañó a la puerta. Luego de eso todas comenzamos a subir las escaleras en dirección a nuestras habitaciones. Yo, de la mano de Valentina, entré a la nuestra y, dejando mi maleta a un lado, me eché en mi cama. - No, no te duermas. Ya has dormido suficiente por hoy – me dijo - No sé… siento que solo quiero cerrar los ojos - Pero por qué, no quieres verme? – me dijo coquetonamente - No, cómo dices eso – le dije con una sonrisa – Es solo que… no sé - Mira recién son 3:21pm – dijo mirando el reloj – no te gustaría ir a comer algo ligero como hamburguesas o algo en la plaza? Luego podríamos ir al cine o lo que tú quieras - Uy sí, suena bien. Ya mi estómago me está pidiendo algo, pero primero tomaré un baño – le dije mientras desempacaba mi toalla y me dirigía al baño - Ya, okey. Pero apúrate porque yo también quiero darme un duchazo Valentina's POV Salí de la ducha y vi a Pía acicalarse el cabello. Me dirigí al armario en donde ya había dejado lista la ropa que me pondría y me dispuse a vestirme con la ayuda de la toalla, de espaldas a Pía. Una vez que me puse el calzón, y solamente eso, dejé caer la toalla. Yo seguía de espaldas a ella, ahora con mi espalda desnuda y solo con la ropa interior inferior. Supe que me estaba viendo porque la escuché hacer un pequeño sonido y luego escuché al peine caer. Solté una pequeña risita audible solo para mis oídos. Ni siquiera sabía porque estaba haciendo eso, simplemente lo hice. Como si no estuviese haciendo nada fuera de lo normal, continué poniéndome la ropa fingiendo no darle importancia. Terminé de cambiarme y volteé a verla. Pude observar cómo rápidamente desvió su mirada hacia el lado opuesto. - Ya estás lista? – le pregunté con la sonrisa en mis labios - … Ah? Sí, sí, ya… ya podemos irnos - Vamos entonces, que me estoy muriendo de hambre – le dije ofreciéndole mi mano - Vamos – me dijo sonriendo cogiendo mi mano Entré al despacho a hablar con Maca mientras Pía me esperaba afuera. Quería invitar a Pía a nuestra primera cita en la ciudad, pero no tenía dinero, por lo que le pedí a Maca un préstamo pequeño. Ella me miró pícaramente, pero aceptó con gusto. Me despedí de Maca y le agradecí. Le avisé que no regresaríamos tarde y que, en caso sucediese algo, estábamos llevando nuestros celulares. Salimos de la casa y tomamos el camino a la plaza. - No puedo creer todo este fin de semana – le dije con una gran sonrisa - … - Ya era perfecto cuando aceptaste ser mi novia, pero ahora con lo de la disquera… es… es simplemente increíble - Sí, has tenido mucha suerte – me dijo con una sonrisa a medias - Yo sigo sin poder creerlo, pero tenerte aquí a mi lado agarrando mi mano me hace saber que esto es verdad y no puedo evitar sentirme feliz y saltar y gritar - Ya, ya, tranquila, que mira que van a pensar que eres una loquita – me dijo tratándome de calmar entre risas - Es que estoy demasiado feliz Pía! - Sí, me imagino – me dijo con una sonrisa no muy convincente - Pasa algo? - Ah? No, no. Es solo que tengo hambre - Qué tiene que ver el hambre? – le dije entre risas - No, nada, no sé, ya no sé qué cosas estoy diciendo - Jajaja y me estabas diciendo loquita? - Ay Valen, tendrás que aceptarme tal y como soy – decía riendo - Yo te amo con todo, incluso con tus ataques de loquita - Awww – dijo dándome un beso ligero en los labios – Yo también te amo con todo Llegamos a la pizzería \"La Romana\". Nos sentamos en una de las mesas que daba vista a un mini-jardín. El ambiente estaba hecho para cenas románticas. Pedimos una pizza hawaiana pequeña con extra queso acompañada de una botella de vino tinto. Comíamos entre risas, caricias, miradas y besos; y brindamos por nuestro futuro juntas. Terminamos de comer y nos retiramos del lugar camino al cine. La película que elegimos fue \"Burlesque\", compramos un Combo de palomitas de maíz con gaseosa y entramos a la Sala a disfrutar de la película. La noche resultó grandiosa, ¿acaso podría existir tanta felicidad junta? Regresamos a la Casa con la felicidad al máximo. Las chicas todavía tampoco se habían ido, por lo que todas pasaríamos la última noche en Casa de Maca. Nos dimos las \"Buenas noches\" y nos retiramos a nuestros cuartos. - Gracias por la excelente la noche Valen - Gracias por hacer la noche perfecta – le respondí mientras me dirigía al armario a cambiarme - Cómo me gustaría que todo se quedara así… - Todo va a seguir así – dije volteando a verla. Ella también se estaba cambiando - … Eso espero… ¿en qué cama quieres dormir? - En la que decidas, con tal de estar a tu lado hasta en el piso dormiría - Ay qué tontita eres, mi Valen… - dio una pausa - Pero bueno, vas a venir? – me dijo con ojos coquetos dándole golpecitos al espacio libre de mi cama - Claro que sí – dije mientras terminé de ponerme mi polo y me unía a ella en la cama - Te quiero mucho Valentina – dijo mientras me retiraba un mechón de cabello que caía sobre mi rostro - Yo también te quiero mucho Pía – le dije para luego besarla. El beso fue muy tierno y duró algunos segundos - Hasta mañana – me dijo mientras se echaba dándome la espalda - Que descanses Pía – le respondí mientras apagaba la lámpara. Coloqué mi cuerpo junto al suyo y la abracé por detrás. Le di un beso en el cuello y luego cerré mis ojos Qué lindo es despertar con la persona que te provoca la felicidad con solo un segundo. Miré el reloj y ya eran las 11:37am. Pía estaba cara a cara conmigo todavía seguía con los ojos cerrados. Yo hubiese podido quedarme ahí toda una eternidad solo observándola. Lentamente comenzó a estirarse y a abrir los ojos. Su mirada se encontró con la mía y automáticamente se formaron sonrisas en nuestros labios. - Es tardísimo, mi amor, ya tienes que despertarte – le dije - No… no quiero - Ay, no seas flojita – le dije mientras le daba pequeños besos en los labios – Levántate. Mira que quiero que me acompañes a firmar el contrato con la disquera - A firmar el contrato? – dijo deteniendo los besos – Ya hiciste la prueba y te aceptaron? - Qué prueba? – le dije riendo incrédulamente - Esa en la que te hacen cantar y tocar antes los dueños para ver si te aceptan - Ah, no, eso era antes. Ahora el Sr. Fuster, el hombre con el que hablé, graba las presentaciones y se las manda a sus superiores. Ellos me dieron el visto bueno ayer en la mañana justo cuando ya estábamos por partir. Hoy me van a llamar al mediodía para que les confirme el acuerdo y luego me dan la dirección de la sede de la disquera para ir a firmar. - Qué dice el contrato? – me decía mientras se levantaba de la cama - Pues, en resumen, si yo firmo para la disquera, les perteneceré a ellos musicalmente por dos años. Me llevarán a EEUU a afinar la voz, me darán clases de guitarra profesional y cosas así, osea, me prepararán para ser mejor artista. Iré sacando singles que los comerciarán acá y si a la gente le gusta, después de los dos años me traen de vuelta a terminar de formarme como artista y con una fama ganada que me ayudaría. Lo bueno es que en mi escuela enseñaban inglés, así que no tendré muchos problemas con el idioma, aunque igual me han dicho que hablaré en español en la disquera. Ah, también me darán un departamento pequeño y me pagarán la luz y el agua, lo demás corre a mi cuenta con el sueldo que me darán que son 1500 dólares mensuales. - … - Me he ganado la lotería, cierto! – dije exaltada - Sí… creo que sí – dijo Pía mientras bajaba la cabeza - … Pía, te he notado un poco triste a pesar de esta gran noticia… Qué no te alegras por mí…? - Noo, no es eso. Es solo que… - … Qué Pía, qué - No sé! Nada, olvídalo - No, no. Tú estás mal, dime qué pasa – le dije acercándome a ella - No sé… no sé – dijo con la voz un poco quebrada bajando su mirada al suelo - Pero háblalo conmigo, qué te tiene así mi amor – le dije mientras trataba de consolarla - … Su silencio indicaba que algo no estaba bien, inconscientemente mis labios se comenzaron a mover entonando una canción... Chiquitita, tell me what's wrong – Pía se sentó en la cama - You're enchained by your own sorrow. In your eyes there is no hope for tomorrow. How I hate to see you like this – Me senté junto a ella - There is no way you can deny it. I can see that you're oh so sad, so quiet. Chiquitita, tell me the truth. I'm a shoulder you can cry on – cogí su mentón y lo levanté buscando su mirada - Your girlfriend, I'm the one you must rely on. You were always sure of yourself, now I see you've broken a feather, I hope we can patch it up together. Chiquitita, you and I know how the heartaches come and they go and the scars they're leaving. You'll be dancing once again and the pain will end, you will have no time for grieving – lo inevitable sucedió y ella comenzó a llorar - Chiquitita, you and I cry, but the sun is still in the sky and shining above you. Let me hear you sing once more like you did before, sing a new song, Chiquitita. Try once more like you did before, sing a new song, Chiquitita – Con la yema de mis dedos yo seguía secando sus lágrimas que no dejaban de caer - So the walls came tumbling down and your love's a blown out candle. All is gone and it seems too hard to handle. Chiquitita, tell me the truth – Me abrazó como si no existiese un mañana, sentía sus lágrimas en mi hombro - There is no way you can deny it. I see that you're oh so sad, so quiet. Chiquitita, you and I know how the heartaches come and they go and the scars they're leaving – La estaba abrazando con todas mis fuerzas, pero nada mejoraba, mi voz comenzó a quebrarse - You'll be dancing once again and the pain will end, you will have no time for grieving. Chiquitita, you and I cry – entonaba mientras lágrimas comenzaban a caer de mis ojos sin razón alguna aparentemente - But the sun is still in the sky and shining above you. Let me hear you sing once more like you did before, sing a new song, Chiquitita. Try once more like you did before, sing a new song, Chiquitita. Try once more like you did before , sing a new song, Chiquitita. - No puedo, no puedo, mi Valen – me dijo llorando mientras se separaba de mí - Pero dime qué pasa – le dije mientras secaba mis lágrimas rápidamente para luego secar las suyas - Hay una parte dentro de mí muy egoísta, muy muy egoísta… que no quiere que firmes… - … Por qué? – dije extrañada - Porque te me vas, Valen, te me alejas… - De qué hablas… - Si firmas, te vas a EEUU… - Sí, pero pensaba llevarte conmigo… Espera, creíste que te dejaría acá? - … Pero cómo tenías planeado que me vaya contigo - Pues sé que el departamento que me van a dar es solo para una persona, pero donde cabe una, caben dos – le dije con una sonrisa - Valen, allá en EEUU cuando dicen departamentos personales, de verdad son solo para una persona, son pequeños. Lo que ganaríamos sería estresarnos y terminaríamos gritándonos por cualquier cosa… - Yo no me estresaría contigo - Eso decimos ahora, pero eso no lo controlamos nosotras… - … - di una pausa – Pues entonces te alquilamos un depa cerca al mío y listo - Y con qué plata, solo te dan 1500 dólares, te alcanza para vestimenta y comida y otras cosas, pero no como para otro alquiler que también tendría que pagar luz, agua… - Pero puedes conseguirte un trabajo - Pero yo solo sé lo básico del inglés, lo aprendí de la peor manera… por lo que si consigo trabajo será uno simple, en donde no haya buena paga… - … - bajé la cabeza, Pía tenía razón - Pero no te preocupes, esa parte egoísta de mí sabe que es lo mejor para ti es irte… - … No, si no estoy contigo, no firmo, listo – le dije con una sonrisa - … qué! No, no, Valen qué estas diciendo! Tu vida es la música! No puedes hacer eso - No, no Pía, Tal vez eso era antes, pero ahora mi vida eres tú, y si firmar para la disquera me alejará de ti, pues simplemente no firmo - No, no. Valen, esta es una oportunidad única en la vida. Tú has tenido una suerte increíble de encontrarte con esta chance, hay muchas personas con talento innato como tú que no prosperan por la falta de dinero y apoyo. Valentina, te están dando todo! Te están sirviendo en bandeja de plata la fama… - … Pero yo no la quiero si no es contigo! – le dije interrumpiéndola - Mira Valen, yo siempre estaré aquí. Yo te amo y siempre te amaré. A mí me duele mucho esto, pero sentiría un dolor aún más grande si me convierto en uno de los impedimentos para cumplir tu sueño, porque Valen, esto es tu sueño. - Pero no podría sin ti… - dije mientras mis ojos se nublaban con lágrimas - Yo no me iré a ningún lado, yo estaré aquí esperándote dos años - Dos años… dos años es mucho tiempo, Pía – dije llorando - Pero mis sentimientos no cambiarán ni ahora ni en mil años… aquí me encontrarás cuando vuelvas - No quiero irme Pía, no quiero separarme de ti - Pero nunca perderemos el contacto, nos llamaremos, nos veremos por Internet… - su voz se quebró y lágrimas comenzaron a rodar por sus mejillas – Firma, por mí - … - yo solo negaba con la cabeza – no quiero - Valen, Valen – dijo cogiendo mis mejillas – confías en mí? – yo asentí – entonces créeme, yo te seguiré amando y esperaré por ti. Firma o no me lo perdonaré… - … - di una pausa mientras quejidos llorosos salían de mi boca – Por ti, por ti. Te juro, mi amor, te lo juro. Yo volveré en dos años, ni un día más demoraré en regresar. No me importará si me convierto en una estrella y quieren que firme por más años, yo en dos años regresaré para quedarme contigo con o sin fama, con o sin contrato nuevo. - Y yo te recibiré con los brazos abiertos… - dijo llorando - Dos años, Pía, solo espérame dos años – yo seguía llorando. Mi celular comenzó a vibrar – Aló? Sí, sí, como está señor Fuster… - tapé un rato el celular y miré a Pía – Pía, me ha dicho que le confirme si voy a ir o no a firmar… si tú me dices ahora que no vaya, no voy y me quedo contigo… - … Dile que sí vas – dijo mientras se intentaba secar las lágrimas - … - destapé el celular y dejé de mirar a Pía – sí? Disculpe que haya demorado… sí, sí firmaré… Oh, espere un rato iré por un papel – cogí mi libreta y agarré un lapicero cercano – Sí, comience a dictar… Sí, ya lo apunté, es cerquísima por lo que me alisto y estaré allá en quince minutos… Okey, nos vemos – guardé mi celular y busqué la mirada de Pía, ella me sonreía - Estamos haciendo lo correcto – me dijo con una sonrisa triste - Yo solo lo hago porque tú así lo has querido… - Es lo mejor… - Y yo confío en ti… no demoraré más, solo dos años – dije mientras me acercaba a ella - Y dos años yo sabré esperar por ti – otra vez me dedicaba una sonrisa triste - Te amo Pía Montoya - Te amo Valentina Rubiales – me dijo mientras acercaba sus labios a los míos El beso más tierno que jamás haya podido existir sucedió ahí en nuestra habitación, en ese momento lleno de tristeza. - Dos años – me dijo mientras se separaba - Dos años y nada más… - volví a besarla - … me tengo que ir, regreso más tarde… - le di otro beso ligero en los labios y luego me dirigí a la puerta – Dos años… - le dije, ella me sonrió, yo salí del cuarto. Creo que ambas sabíamos que las cosas cambiarían, que serían diferentes en dos años, pero queríamos pensar o, mejor dicho, queríamos engañarnos pensando que no sería así… Revisé mis bolsillos para asegurarme de que tenía dinero para el transporte, si lo tenía por lo que me dirigí a la puerta, salí y detuve el primer taxi que encontré. Le di al chofer la dirección que había apuntado en mi libreta y el taxi partió con rumbo a la disquera… ... to be continued...[Chapter 13] yasliz : Ultimo capi, espero que te guste! Gracias por haber comentado siempre (:! 14789635 : Yo tampoco quería que acabe xP Espero que te guste! Gracias por siempre comentar! ^^ kellyth : jejeje final de la historia... Tú siempre tan preocupada por el fic y pidiéndome adelantos, linda! (: Gracias por el apoyo! (: carohsanchez : jeje sii, quise alargar un poco más el final, espero te guste! Gracias por leer! :D JackieVodka : Abba es clásico! No importa la edad, igual sus ritmos se te meten en la cabeza! Gracias por comentar y leer y mil gracias por los pequeños tips que me diste! (:! GinebraRemyHadley : jajajaja! Ojalá te guste el capi final (: No sé si vuelva a escribir, a lo mejor si se me ocurre una buena idea o me inspiro hago un nuevo fic, o tal vez continúo este, el tiempo lo dirá, gracias por siempre comentar! Mucha suerte en todo y seguiré esperando tu one-shot! Besos! :D RiotIs : A mí también me da pena que sea el último ): Una continuación no está descartada, pero es un poco complicado porque no tendré mucho tiempo libre como ahora. Igual te doy las gracias, por siempre pasarte a leer mi fic! Muero con los tuyos así que siempre estaré andando por acá. Saludos (:! paxhunter13 : jajaja a veces es necesaria una separación . Último capi, pero creo que yo seguiré viendo tus locuras por twitter! Gracias por siempre leer y comentar! :D! Crush01 : u.u! Aunque me alegra que pueda transmitirlos! Espero te guste este último capi del fic! Va con cariño (: Gracias por comentar y leer! BuenaVibra y besos! (: Bueno yo sé que demoré un poco pero es que estuve atareada estudiando para un examen :S Espero que a todos les guste este último capi. Es un poco largo, así que les recomiendo que se acomoden bien en sus asientos y traer un vaso de agua o algo xD Mucha suerte a todos! Fue un gusto escribir esta pequeña historia! Nos vemos! (: Le di al chofer la dirección que había apuntado en mi libreta y el taxi partió rumbo a la disquera. El auto arrancó y el conductor volvió a subirle el volumen a la radio. Una canción que no conocía estaba sonando. No le presté atención y mi mirada solo se centró en mirar por la ventana mientras que mi mente no dejaba de repetir la frase \"Dos años…\" . Dos años era mucho tiempo, pero ese era el tiempo que estaba estipulado en el contrato con la disquera. Yo lo hubiese dejado todo por Pía, incluso mi sueño por la música, pero ella no me dejó hacerlo. Si había sido una decisión correcta o no, solo lo sabríamos con el tiempo. Unos acordes de guitarra conocidos comenzaron a sonar y mi mente inconscientemente se puso atenta a ellos. Sentado, brillando en esta cima sin ti, rodeado de mis sueños al fin – Mi mente comenzó a imaginarme en un departamento lujoso sentada en un escritorio sola - Estoy callado por ti. Callado, mirando del principio hasta el fin la historia que quisimos vivir, recuerdos que quisimos sentir – sentada en esa silla comencé a escribir algo en una hoja - y hoy… No puedo seguir y no puedo pensar si tú no estás aquí - Di un grito de frustración, arrugué el papel y lo boté a un tacho que había cerca - Solo queda recordarte en silencio y disimular el dolor que hay en mí. Y aunque todo está mal, habrá luz para mí – Abrí uno de los cajones del escritorio y había una foto de Pía, mi luz - Callado, sentado en esta esquina sin ti, luchando por mis sueños por ti, deseando que estuvieras aquí – Comencé a llorar y besar la foto - y hoy… y hoy… No puedo seguir y no puedo pensar si tú no estás aquí. Solo queda recordarte en silencio y disimular el dolor que hay en mí y aunque todo está mal… Quién te crees para renunciar al amor… - mi mente dejó esas imágenes y comenzó a recordar los momentos que había tenido con Pía - quién te crees para rechazar a mi amor… No puedo seguir y no puedo pensar si tú no estás aquí. Solo queda recordarte en silencio – \"Señorita\", escuché sin prestar atención - y disimular el dolor que hay en mí y aunque todo está mal, habrá luz para mí – \"Señorita\", oí nuevamente, pero mi mente no reaccionó. Se había quedado congelada con la imagen de Pía sonriéndome - No puedo seguir… no quiero pensar - Señorita, ya llegamos a la dirección que me indicó - Ah? – el sonido del inicio de una nueva canción me devolvió a la realidad y fijé mi mirada en el chofer - Ya llegamos - Ah! Okey – dije un poco exaltada. Volteé mi cabeza a la ventana, en la entrada se leía \"Sony Music Entertainment\" – Tenga – dije entregándole el costo del trayecto - Mucha suerte, buenas tardes - me dijo mientras yo comenzaba a salir del auto - Gracias, igualmente – le dije una vez que estuve afuera. El carro se marchó sin problemas Dirigí mi mirada nuevamente al lugar. Era un edificio de 7 pisos muy elegante con una pequeña pileta en la entrada que decoraba hermosamente el sitio. Subí dos escalones que llevaban a la puerta principal que estaba resguardada por dos guardias. Exactamente a un paso de la entrada, algo me detenía. Mi cuerpo se dejó de mover y volteé medio cuerpo para mirar hacia mi atrás. Me detuve ahí, sin mirar nada en particular, viendo autos pasar por la autopista. Unos segundos después, mi cuerpo se volvió a acomodar y miró hacia la recepción que había pasando la entrada. Solté un suspiro y me dirigí a la recepcionista. Las decisiones ya habían sido tomadas, no había vuelta atrás. Pía's POV Ahí estaba yo, echada en la cama mirando el techo. Habían pasado dos horas desde que el amor de mi vida salió por la puerta de la habitación. Las lágrimas habían dejado de caer con el paso de los minutos, pero el dolor que sentía en el pecho no había disminuido, sino que por el contrario, había aumentado. Pero estaba en lo correcto… No podía dejar que mi Valentina rechazara la oportunidad que le abría las puertas al destino por el que nació, no podía negarle ser la estrella que merecía ser. Yo la iba a seguir amando, pero por más que una asegurara que todo sería lo mismo con el paso de los dos años, muy dentro de mí sabía que las cosas cambiarían. Pero eso no importaría… si las cosas no resultaban, todavía me quedaría la satisfacción de haber realizado el sueño de Valentina… porque sí, yo estaba segura de que mi Valen triunfaría sí o sí. La voz de Marissa me sacó de mis pensamientos. Tocó la puerta pero no entró, comenzó a hablarme desde afuera. - Pía, Maca nos ha llamado para salir a comer a un restaurante antes de irnos de la Casa - escuché mientras la puerta se abría - No, no gracias Mari. Dile a Maca que no tengo hambre – le dije sin moverme de la cama - Está todo bien? - Sí, sí… - No te creo Pía… quieres compañía? - No Mari, gracias, lo que necesito es tiempo a solas - … Uhm bueno, cualquier cosa todas estamos llevando los celulares por si necesitas algo. Si te da hambre creo que hay frutas en la cocina - Ya, okey gracias. Suerte, pásenla bien - … Ya venimos – dijo mientras la escuché alejarse No tenía ganas de hacer nada, ni siquiera de salir con las chicas y Maca en el último almuerzo que podíamos tener como integrantes de esta Casa… Una hora más pasó. La verdad era que simplemente pensaba en mi pelirroja que ya para ese entonces ya debía haber firmado el contrato, de hecho ya debería haber vuelto… No importaba, era mejor si todavía no venía porque mis ojos seguían rojos y un poco hinchados por las lágrimas. Cuando una está triste, sé que lo peor que se puede hacer es escuchar música corta-venas y romántica, pero es inevitable querer escuchar ese tipo música, aun sabiendo que lo único que conseguirás es ponerte más depre. Fui al cuarto de Nina en busca de su radio. No tuve problema en encontrarla, así que la cogí y la llevé a mi habitación. La puse al costado de mi cama, la prendí y comencé a buscar una emisora con la música que mi alma pedía. No demoré mucho y dejé de buscar cuando comencé a escuchar la parte final de \"I dreamed a dream\". Le subí el volumen al máximo... … And still I dream he'll come to me, that we will live the years together, but there are dreams that cannot be – me eché en mi cama boca arriba nuevamente - and there are storms we can not weather. I had a dream my life would be so different from this hell I'm living – comencé a entonar la canción al mismo tiempo que la escuchaba - so different now from what it seemed. Now life has killed the dream I dreamed… La canción terminó y otra comenzó a sonar… Han pasado quince días y seis horas desde que te fuiste de mi vida - sé que había escuchado esta canción en algún lado, no me sabía la letra por lo que solo la tarareaba - Lloro por las noches, duermo por el día desde que te fuiste de mi vida. Si supieras que sin ti yo no sé ser feliz, si supieras que sin ti yo no sé sobrevivir - lágrimas comenzaron a salir nuevamente - Ya nada me importa, ni los sueños que parecen una estupidez. Si no estoy contigo para qué? Siendo medio loco dando vueltas y te busco y no te puedo ver – el coro sí me lo sabía. Mi canto estaba marcado por la tristeza, cantaba mientras lloraba - para qué la vida? para qué? para qué la vida... Salgo por la calle, llamo a mis amigos, dicen que te arranque de mi vida - me levanté de la cama sin dejar de cantar-llorar y me dirigí a la cama de mi pelirroja - Fui donde el doctor, me dio unos sedativos, pero qué tú quieres que te diga? - Me eché en su cama y abracé su almohada - Que no hay forma, mira no, de romper esta cruz que por más que quiera. Ay dios, nunca hay nadie como tú. Ya nada me importa, ni los sueños que parecen una estupidez. Si no estoy contigo para qué? Siendo medio loco dando vueltas y te busco y no te puedo ver, para qué la vida? para qué? - cada vez se entendía menos lo que salía de mis labios inundados en lágrimas y quejidos - No! Dicen que es una obsesión esto que no tiene fin, pero es que nada se compara a ti… Ya nada me importa, ni los sueños que parecen una estupidez. Si no estoy contigo para qué? Siendo medio loco dando vueltas y te busco y no te puedo ver, para qué la vida? para qué? Para qué la vida... La canción terminó y me calmé un poco, di un suspiro y otra melodía comenzó a sonar… Eres todo lo que pedía, lo que mi alma vacía quería sentir – esta vez ya no cantaba, solo estaba ahí echada con mis manos en la cara intentando secar las lágrimas - Eres lo que tanto esperaba, lo que en sueños buscaba y que en ti descubrí – Sentí unos pasos y una voz en el patio - Tú has llegado a encender cada parte de mi alma, cada espacio de mi ser... - Pía? … Ya no tengo corazón ni ojos para nadie, solo para ti… - Valen? – dije levantando apenas un poco mi mirada … Eres el amor de mi vida, el destino lo sabía y hoy te puso ante mí… - ¿Qué haces? – me dijo con una sonrisa mientras bajaba el volumen de la radio … Y cada vez que miro al pasado es que entiendo que a tu lado siempre pertenecí… - Perdón que me tengas que ver así… no pude evitarlo – dije sentándome en la cama y poniendo a la vista mis ojos rojos y un poco hinchados por las lágrimas … Tú has llegado a encender cada parte de mi alma, cada espacio de mi ser… - Pero no llores – dijo sentándose a mi lado y poniendo las yemas de sus dedos en mi rostro borrando las lágrimas – No me gusta verte triste - Lo siento, creo que necesitaba hacerlo – dije dándole una sonrisa triste mientras las lágrimas cesaban … Ya no tengo corazón ni ojos para nadie, solo para ti. Solo para ti, solo para ti, solo para ti… - Creo que no lo necesitas, no más lágrimas - Es que no depende de mí, la tristeza me invade y no puedo evitar llorar – bajé mi mirada … Esto es de verdad, lo puedo sentir. Sé que mi lugar es junto a ti… - Pero es que ya no tienes por qué estar triste – dijo mientras levantaba mi mentón haciendo que nuestras miradas se encontraran – Ya no nos vamos a separar … Es junto a ti, junto a ti… - Ah? Valentina yo te dije que firmaras – mi voz ya había vuelto a la normalidad y las lágrimas desaparecieron … Eres todo lo que pedía, lo que no conocía y que en ti descubrí… - Y así lo hice – dijo mientras se paraba a apagar la radio, luego volvió a sentarse junto a mí – He firmado para la disquera por dos años… pero no con las acuerdos que se habían establecido en el contrato que me ofrecieron - Ah? No entiendo - Pues en el camino a firmar, me di cuenta que no podría sin ti. Y yo prefería mil veces una vida contigo sin fama a que una vida sin ti siendo una estrella… Así que decidí realizar algo arriesgado, le pedí al señor Fuster conversar nuevamente para un nuevo contrato, diferente al que me había ofrecido. Él se extrañó, ya que el acuerdo que me había ofrecido era bastante beneficioso para mí, pero aceptó conversar una posible nueva negociación. Le expliqué que lo único extra que le pedía era que me permitiese llevarte conmigo – una sonrisa inconscientemente se formó en mis labios – él sabía que las canciones en el Club te las había dedicado a ti. Él sabía que yo estoy perdidamente enamorada de ti y entendió mi pedido. Me dijo que era exigir un poco, pero yo le respondí que no trataba de abusar de la confianza que me estaban ofreciendo, sino que simplemente le estaba pidiendo algo como un favor. Le dije que siempre trabajaría al máximo y que pondría lo mejor de mí en cada canción y todo sería mucho mejor si tenía a mi inspiración junto a mí - No puedo creer que lo hayas hecho – le dije con una sonrisa - Espérate que falta más – dio una pausa mientras ambas soltábamos risas, luego continuó – El señor Fuster comprendió lo que trataba de explicarle y estuvo de acuerdo conmigo. Entonces, con una sonrisa, sacó su celular y llamó a uno de sus superiores. Se retiró del salón en el que estábamos y me dejó sola leyendo algunas revistas. Al cabo más o menos de 20 minutos volvió y me dijo que teníamos que esperar la respuesta de sus superiores que se encontraban allá en USA. Me comenzó a contar en cómo se involucró en la música y yo le conté un poco de mi vida. Se sorprendió de cómo mi familia había aceptado rápidamente mi salida del país sin ninguna traba ni impedimento… - Ah verdad tu familia, ¿cuándo les dijiste? - En el camino del Club a la Casa. Le pedí a Maca prestado su celular para poder llamarlas y ahí se los comuniqué, ellas aceptaron, casi ni les importo - Ay eso no es verdad - Ya está bien, les importo, pero felizmente están bien ocupadas en sus cosas para velar de las mías – me dijo con una sonrisa – Pero bueno, no nos desviemos del tema. Me contó que ellos habían ido en la mañana a mi casa y que les habían hecho firmar unos papeles en los que aceptaban mi salida y todo eso. Y justamente mientras me terminaba de contar aquello, Omar recibe una llamada, la llamada que estábamos esperando. Salió unos minutos y luego regresó con una sonrisa y me dijo en voz alta: \"Propuesta aceptada!\". Ambos nos abrazamos y yo le agradecí. De verdad estaba demasiado emocionada y mi alegría no podía controlarse, tenía que salir y, debo confesar, que estuve muy exaltada por varios minutos. Una vez más calmada, Omar me explicó que prácticamente no tenían problema con que te lleve conmigo, ya que normalmente las artistas que preparaban en EEUU eran llevadas con la madre, con la hermana o con una apoderada. Me dijo que eso es lo que la mayoría de familias exigía, en todo su derecho: viajar con la artista que en la mayoría de veces, al igual que nosotras, es menor de edad. - Entonces es definitivo? Me voy contigo? – dije con una emoción que comenzaba a salir de mi pecho - Sí, mi amor, sí! – dijo mientras me tendía sus brazos para abrazarnos. El abrazo duró varios segundos y estuvo acompañado de sonrisas – Omar me dijo que el nuevo contrato sería enviado más o menos en una hora por fax desde EEUU, por lo que supongo que ya debe haber llegado o debe estar por llegar – dijo mientras nos separábamos - y prácticamente todo será lo mismo excepto la parte del departamento, ya que ahora nos darán uno para dos personas, pero nos seguirán pagando la luz y el agua, lo demás corre a nuestra cuenta - Sigo sin poder creerlo! Es increíble! - Lo sé! Ya no nos separaremos y daré todo de mí para lograr mi sueño y compartirlo contigo - Wao… y cuándo nos vamos a EEUU? – dije todavía emocionada - Pues es apenas podamos, así que… te parece si nos vamos apenas salgamos de la casa de Maca? Yo le dije a Omar que íbamos a poder estar listas en el mismo instante en que vayamos a firmar los acuerdos… pero todavía hay un problema - Uh? Cuál? - Pues para llevarte a ti allá también necesitamos el permiso de tus padres o apoderados… - … Y mi mamá está en Ecuador… - dije un poco preocupada - Yo le expliqué eso al señor Fuster y él me dijo que al parecer, por lo que yo brevemente le había contado, eso era abandono. Y yo creía que Maca, con la junta de Casas, se convirtió en tu apoderada o algo así. Entonces él llamó a la Casa principal y sí, así era, el juzgado le había dado a Maca tu custodia temporal debido al abandono de tu madre - No tenía idea de eso - Tal vez Maca no quiso darte los detalles del tema cuando te dijo que formabas parte de esta Casa - Puede ser… Uhm, pero bueno, entonces a la que le debemos pedir la firma es a Maca? - Sí, así es - No creo que ella esté en desacuerdo… nos vamos a EEUU Valen! – dije dándole un abrazo rápido - Sí! Esto es perfecto! Omar dijo que vendría más o menos a las 6pm. Ahí vendría con la autorización que tiene que firmar Maca y luego de conseguirlo, nos lleva, ya con nuestro equipaje completo, al aeropuerto - Wao, ellos sí que no pierden tiempo, lo tienen todo calculado - Bueno mejor para nosotras, no? Seguiremos juntas – me dijo con una sonrisa - Apenas y lo estoy asimilando… es increíble que te hayas arriesgado a pedirlo… gracias - No tienes nada que agradecer, yo en serio te quiero a mi lado y, en caso de que no hubiesen aceptado mi propuesta, yo no hubiera firmado. La verdad es que no hubiera podido resistir pasar un solo día sin ti, sabiendo que estábamos tan lejos. Sin sentir tu presencia, tu aroma, tus miradas, tus abrazos, tus caricias, tus besos… Simplemente no hubiese podido - Awww – dije cogiendo sus mejillas – te amo Valen - Te amo también Pía – dijo cogiendo mi cintura y acercando sus labios a los míos. Nuestras bocas chocaron y se entretuvieron por algunos minutos sin descanso, nuestras lenguas también fueron invitadas a la celebración - … Uhm por cierto… ¿cómo entraste? – dije mientras detenía el beso entre risas - Pues estuve tocando la puerta durante más o menos 10 min y no recibí ninguna respuesta. Pensé que no había nadie en la Casa, por lo que entré por atrás sin que nadie me vea claro - Ah perdón, la música estaba un poco alta – le dije un poco sonrojada riendo - Claro, déjame afuera y culpa a la radio - Noo, cómo dices eso? – le dije riendo - Oye, verdad, y las chicas? - Ah salieron a comer – volteé a mirar el reloj – Aunque han salido ya hace rato, seguro se han quedado a dar unas vueltas por la plaza - Y tú no has comido? - No tenía hambre - Oye pero no, así tampoco. Tienes que comer, después te me pones débil. Yo he comido sándwiches allá en la disquera al menos - No podía, no tenía ganas de comer - Bueno, pero tienes que comer algo, qué deseas? - Qué quiero comer? – mis ojos le dieron una mirada rápida a su cuerpo – pues… cualquier cosa con tal de que sea de tu mano… - le dije con una sonrisa pícara - … Yo te doy todito lo que quieras - Qué bueno saberlo – le contesté con una sonrisa coqueta mientras entrelazaba nuestras manos – Vamos a la cocina - A la cocina? - Claro, quiero comer algunas frutas para matar la poca hambre que tengo - Ah… - dijo mientras se dejaba llevar por mi fuerza para salir del cuarto - Por qué esa voz de decepcionada? – le pregunté con curiosidad - Ah? No, nada, te ha parecido - Ah… okey – le dije con una sonrisa mientras nos encaminábamos a la cocina - Qué fruta va a querer mi princesa? – me dijo con tono exagerado - Jajajaja, una manzana por favor - ¿Cómo la quiere? ¿En trozitos? - Como desees dármela… - le dije sonriendo - Tenemos leche condensada? – dijo mientras partía la manzana en un plato - … Uhm sí – le dije abriendo el refrigerador y encontrando una lata - Sácala, partiré otras dos manzanas para comer juntas Valentina juntó todos los trozos de las manzanas en un plato grande, echó un poco de leche condensada encima y sacó un solo tenedor. Ella me engreía dándome de comer a la boca, yo solo sonreía y creo que me sonrojaba. Era muy tierna y divertida la forma en cómo estábamos comiendo y muy coqueto debo agregar… Un poco de la leche condensada que acompañaba uno de los trozos en el tenedor se derramó en mi mentón antes de llegar a mi boca… - Espera – me dijo agarrando la mano que ya yo había alzado para limpiármelo – yo te ayudo – dijo mientras se acercaba. A centímetros de distancia, me miró a los ojos y luego bajó su mirada a mi mentón y con la ayuda de su lengua borró los rastros de la leche condesada que yacían ahí. Su contacto me estremeció un poco y me hizo soltar un suspiro poco audible… - Así te gusta ayudar? – le dije con una sonrisa mientras se separaba - Sí. Aunque claro, solo a ti te ayudo así - Sí, más te vale! - Lo juro – me dijo sonriendo – Vas a querer el último trozo? - Tú lo quieres? - No si tú lo quieres - Uhm… pues hay que compartirlo – le dije cogiendo con el tenedor el último pedazo y llevándolo a mi boca estancándolo en mis dientes Ella sonrió y se acercó lentamente a mí. Juntó su boca a la mía y entre risas cogió una pequeña parte del trozo, luego se separó mientras ambas reíamos… - Mmmm, sabe mejor de tu boca – me dijo - Ah sí? Qué pena que no haya más… - Uhm, espera, tienes algo ahí – dijo mirando mis labios - ... Me lo quitas? - Con gusto – dijo mientras se acercaba y quitaba con su lengua la leche condensada que había quedado al costado de mis labios. El contacto me volvió a estremecer pero esta vez un poco más y no pudiendo contenerme, la detuve cuando sentí que empezaría a separarse. La cogí de las mejillas y busqué su boca. Una vez que la encontré, no la dejé ir. Nos levantamos lentamente de las sillas y, sin darme cuenta, terminé pegada a una de las paredes de la cocina con mi Valentina al frente. Ella tenía las manos aferradas a la pared \"encerrándome\" en un pequeño espacio. Yo, por mi parte, tenía los brazos circulados totalmente en su cuello de tal manera que era imposible estar más juntas. El beso a esas alturas se había intensificado más de lo que había previsto y no podía, o tal vez no quería, detenerlo. Para mi mala suerte, hubo algo que sí pudo. El celular de Valentina comenzó a vibrar y una canción comenzó a sonar. La simple vibración del aparato que se encontraba en uno de los bolsillos de la parte delantera de su jean nos asustó haciéndonos detener el beso rápidamente. - Aló? – dijo Valentina con la voz un poco agitada mientras ponía altavoz - Sí? Valentina? Soy Omar Fuster de la disquera – pude oír del celular - Sí, sí, dígame – era mi pelirroja la que hablaba, yo solo me limitaba a escuchar - Ha ocurrido un pequeño inconveniente… Ya tenemos listos los papeles que tienen que firmar Maca, tú y tu novia, pero el acuerdo que le hicimos firmar a tu familia con tu permiso ahora no tiene validez ya que era de acuerdo al primer contrato que te habíamos ofrecido - … Pues cambien esa cláusula en la que diga \"de acuerdo al contrato…\" por la nueva y hagan que lo firme - Sí, sí, eso es lo que hemos hecho, pero estoy en la casa de tu familia. Ese no era el inconveniente… el problema es que tu mamá exigió, en todo su derecho, ver el nuevo contrato porque se intrigó el porqué del cambio. Vio que lo extra era que tú tenías el derecho de traer a una persona contigo. Me preguntó el porqué y yo le dije brevemente que querías traer a una amiga contigo. No sabía si tu mamá conocía lo de tú y Pía así que no le dije que era tu novia ni nada. Ella me preguntó que quién era esa amiga y yo le dije que desconocía esa información, pero se niega a firmar hasta saber quién es. ¿Qué hago? – dijo esperando realmente una respuesta - … No hagas nada, voy en camino, se lo pienso explicar todo - me miró por un momento, yo asentí sin saber por qué – Y Pía está viniendo conmigo Valentina me miró con una sonrisa y luego agarró mi mano derecha mientras nos dirigía a la puerta de la cocina para salir. - Espera, espera – le dije separando nuestras manos – Voy a dejarle una nota a Maca diciéndole que hemos salido. Siempre trae su llave, así que sí podemos irnos sin problema, pero no quiero que se preocupe cuando no nos encuentre - Sí, sí, tienes razón, ten escríbelo aquí – me dijo entregándome un post-it que se encontraba cerca a la puerta. Cogí un lapicero y comencé a escribir - Listo, vámonos – dije entrelazando nuestras manos mientras la sacaba de la habitación - Vamos a solucionar esto – dijo siguiéndome Tomamos el primer taxi que vimos y le indicamos la dirección. Noté un poco preocupada a Valentina, pero la entendía porque tenía razones para estar de esa manera. Prácticamente les iba a confesar su sexualidad, algo que le fue muy difícil a ella, sin olvidar que decírselo a su familia fue uno de los problemas que le impedía aceptarse. Creo que sintió que había notado su preocupación porque me dedicó una sonrisa y un apretón en la mano que me decían \"no pasa nada, no está en peligro mi amor por ti\". Yo estaba segura que Valentina no se tiraría atrás en decirles que yo era su novia, pero lo que me tenía pensativa era la reacción que su hermana y madre podían tener… y si no la dejaban ir? No… no creo que pudieran ser capaces de arrancarle el sueño de las manos a Valentina. El carro se detuvo, me sorprendí un poco porque pensé que la casa de Valentina estaba más alejada. Su familia casi nunca la había visitado y siempre había pensado que era por la distancia, al parecer estaba equivocada… Valentina me dio una ligera sonrisa y me cogió de las manos al salir del auto. Tocó la puerta y el rostro de su hermana apareció, inmediatamente su mirada bajó a nuestras manos e hizo una mueca de disgusto - Podemos pasar o nos vas a dejar afuera? – dijo Valentina ante la mirada de su hermana - Pasen pues… - le respondió mientras se apartaba de la puerta Entramos y ahí en la sala se encontraban su mamá y el señor Fuster, ambos sentados con los papeles en mano. - Bueno, aquí me tienen - Me explicas esta nueva cláusula Valentina? – le preguntó su madre disgustada mientras se percataba de mi presencia - Uhm qué exactamente no entiendes? Porque la información es clara – dijo soltando mi mano y acercándose a su madre – Aquí dice \"bla bla bla… y se le ha concedido a la señorita Rubiales el derecho de poder llevar, si la mencionada así lo desea, a una persona para acompañar su estadía en los Estados Unidos de América mientras es formada como artista por la empresa musical reconocida internacionalmente Sony Mu… - Sí sé lo que dice – dijo su madre interrumpiéndola – Pero por qué esto fue agregado? - Pues porque así yo lo pedí. Felizmente, gracias al señor Fuster – dijo dedicándole una sonrisa – la propuesta fue aceptada - Pero por qué? Piensas llevar a esta? – dijo dedicándome su mirada - Primero que nada, \"esta\" tiene su nombre, se llama Pía. Y segundo, merece respeto porque es mi novia – dijo sin vergüenza. Las caras de su mamá y hermana se tornaron idénticas, ambas tenían el rostro disgustado de \"esto no puede ser verdad\" - Estás diciendo que eres… que eres…? – decía su madre - Termina la frase. Que soy… que soy… - dijo sarcásticamente sin recibir respuesta – Pues sí, aunque a ustedes les parezca \"raro\" o \"anormal\" les \"lamento\" – dijo burlonamente – informar que soy L-E-S-B-I-A-N-A – dijo claramente - Cómo te atreves a decir eso aquí en tu propia casa Valentina! – dijo su hermana. Su madre se había quedado sentada pensativa con la mirada fija en un punto cualquiera ajena a la conversación como si estuviese terminando de asimilar algo. El señor Fuster y yo inconscientemente nos habíamos juntado y apartado un poco de la lucha de palabras familiar que se estaba llevando a cabo en esa sala, ambos permanecíamos callados. - Porque eso es lo que soy! Y les informo que estamos en el siglo XXI, ser gay no es pecado ni está penado por la ley. Uno debe aprender amar a la persona sin importar si es hombre o mujer. Sin buscarlo encontré en Casa de Maca el amor, y no es desagradable como ustedes piensan – dijo mientras su voz se tornaba triste-amarga – El amor que le tengo a Pía es puro y hermoso. Nos amamos de una manera en la que somos libres sin tener que darle explicaciones a la gente, gente como ustedes, mi familia, que no puede aceptar que existe este \"tipo\" de amor. Este año se me fue la que había sido mi mejor amiga durante mucho tiempo, la vida me la arrancó. Pía me acompañó en cada momento de ese duro proceso, ella estuvo ahí para mí. Yo la amo, la amo de verdad y no dejaré que nada ni nadie la aleje de mí ni siquiera ustedes. Así que si de verdad les importo – dijo mientras sus ojos se nublaban con lágrimas – déjenme ir sin complicaciones a EEUU con mi novia, con Pía. Déjenme vivir mi felicidad con ella - Valentina tienes que entender que… - dijo su mamá esta vez calmada - Qué! Tengo que entender qué! Que esto no es \"normal\"? Que voy a ser la vergüenza de la familia? - Ya para Valentina, creo que hablo también por mi mamá cuando digo que esto no es fácil de aceptar - Yo me negué al principio a esto, casi arruino mi felicidad con Pía. No podía aceptarme y ustedes eran una de las razones… - las primeras lágrimas comenzaron a rodar por sus mejillas, no de tristeza, tal vez de impotencia – son mi familia, pesadas o no igual las quiero… son mi familia. Pero no me pidan que olvide a Pía ni menos traten de alejarme de ella, porque no lo haré - Valen, es esto lo que quieres? – dijo su mamá con cara de resignada pero a la vez comprensiva. Su voz amarga del principio había cambiado totalmente - Nunca he estado más segura de algo en mi vida. Mi sueño con la música está muy cerca, pero mi felicidad plena está en riesgo. Sé que tal vez es un poco apresurado, no les pido que se vuelvan amigas con Pía – dijo mirándome, una pequeña sonrisa se formó en sus labios – lo único que quiero es que puedan aceptarla. Ella no tiene la culpa de nada acá, es una chica increíble, sensible y valiente a la vez… Ella es. Ella es mi novia, ella es mi Pía. - Poco a poco hija, entiende que no es tan fácil… pero creo que tienes razón – Creo que en ese momento todas las miradas en la sala se concentraron en su madre, las palabras que había pronunciado sonaban ajenas a su primera reacción del inicio - Yo soy un poco \"chapada a la antigua\" y nada en el mundo podrá cambiar mi forma de pensar, ya tengo mis ideas y conceptos de la vida. Sé que tal vez no te he tratado de la mejor manera con este tema – ligeras lágrimas brotaron de sus ojos - nunca pensé que tuviese que \"lidiar\" con esto. Traté de hacer como si esto no hubiese estado pasando, traté de negármelo a mí y al parecer te transmití ese pensamiento y tuviste problemas para aceptarte. Nunca fue un secreto tu sexualidad, por lo menos no para mí, pero siempre traté de \"alejar\" este día lo más posible. No era lo suficientemente fuerte o, mejor dicho, nunca fui lo suficientemente \"moderna\" como para poder aceptar que esto no es nada malo. Soy tu madre y sé que cometí un grave error con ese tema, pero debes saber que lo que siempre quiero y deseo es que cada una de ustedes – dijo también mirando a su otra hija – encuentre su felicidad. Y… si tú piensas que Pía es tu felicidad, pues entonces no seré yo quien te ponga trabas para llegar a ello… - Mamá, yo… - Valentina no terminó de decir nada, simplemente abrazó a su madre y ambas comenzaron a echar lágrimas de tristeza y comprensión a la vez - … gracias – continuó separándose después de unos segundos – en serio gracias - Mira yo no sé mucho de estas cosas hermanita. Siempre me ha tocado ver mujer con hombre y solamente ese concepto he tenido en mente. Pero fue cierto lo que hace un rato dijiste: \"una se enamorada del ser, de la persona\", nunca lo había visto de ese modo. Ahora no me pidas que actúe normal si las veo besarse o demostrándose su afecto, todavía me tomará tiempo aceptar esto, pero si has tenido el valor de aceptarlo, con todas las letras de la palabra, quiere decir que de verdad te importa esto… por lo que yo tampoco seré quien te obstruya el camino a tu felicidad - Gracias… - dijo dándole también un abrazo – Les agradezco esto, en serio, aunque no lo crean esto significa mucho para mí. Saber que cuento con su apoyo me libera de un peso enorme, me hace poder vivir aún mejor mi felicidad – las tres sonrieron nuevamente y comenzaron a secarse las lágrimas - Uhm… señor Fuster? – dijo la madre volteando a nuestra posición – ¿Dónde tenía que poner mi firma? – dijo ya más calmada y con la voz volviéndole a la normalidad - Ah… - dijo Omar mientras se acercaba rápidamente a ellas. Cogió el documento y pasó rápidamente las hojas hasta llegar a la final – Aquí… y aquí – dijo señalándole los espacios. La madre cogió el lapicero que se encontraba en la mesa de estar y comenzó a estampar su firma - Listo, eso es todo verdad? – preguntó la hermana - Sí, Valentina ya puede viajar con nosotros – respondió el señor Fuster - Bueno – dijo sonriendo la madre – Entonces espero que no te olvides de darnos unas llamadas durante tu estadía allá, me gustaría saber cómo va yendo todo y ojalá que una de las primeras cosas que hagas cuando regreses en dos años sea visitarnos – Nuevamente puedo asegurar que nadie esperaba esas palabras - ... Sí, no se preocupen… No saben lo mucho que esto significa para mí – respondió Valentina - Ven, acércate – dijo su madre dirigiendo su mirada con una sonrisa hacia donde me encontraba. Titubeando un poco al principio le hice caso y me acerqué, ella continuó hablando – Pía, cierto? - Sí… - dije un poco temerosa - Creo que no hemos sido introducidas apropiadamente… Mucho gusto, soy la señora Hinojosa – me dijo con una sonrisa verdadera - El gusto es mío señora - Para no quitarles mucho tiempo, ya para que se puedan ir tranquilas… solo te quiero pedir una cosa Pía – me dijo su madre - Dígame – le respondí - Cuida de Valentina. A veces ella puede aparentar ser muy fuerte, pero puede estar muriendo por dentro - No se preocupe señora – dije sonriéndole a Valentina que se había sonrojado un poco – Yo la cuidaré más que a mi vida y nunca permitiré que algo le pase. Si alguna vez se cae, yo estaré ahí para levantarla - Así me quedo más tranquila… Bueno, antes de que nos pongamos sentimentales y nostálgicas por la partida, mejor las dejo ir… - dijo la madre un poco quebrándose - … Tengan buen vuelo y ojalá logren la felicidad que desean tener – concluyó la hermana - Gracias nuevamente – dijo Valentina - … Y perdón, hija, por no poder haber hablado de esto antes. Yo lo sabía, pero siempre quise ocultarlo o tratar de negarlo y te trataba mal con ese tema… tal vez queriendo que las cosas cambiaran… perdón - No tienes que repetirlo, no hay nada que perdonar mamá. Me alegra que entendieras que me aceptaras y que me dejes hacer esto... - De igual manera me disculpo porque haya tenido que ser de esta forma tu aclaración. Se te ve muy feliz y eso es lo que importa - Gracias otra vez, llamaré apenas llegue a EEUU –dijo mientras entrelazaba nuestras manos y nos dirigíamos a la puerta - Nos vemos señora – dije brevemente El señor Fuster, que había salido unos instantes antes, nos hizo señas con las manos indicando que subiéramos al taxi que acababa de detener a las afueras de la casa. Nos despedimos por última vez de su familia y nos encaminamos al auto. Omar se sentó en la parte delantera mientras que yo fui la primera en entrar en los asientos a su atrás y, ya cuando Valentina estaba por subir a acompañarme, su mamá le gritó algo desde la puerta… - Eso sí Valentina, nada de nada hasta el compromiso! Valentina rió y asintió mientras entraba al carro. - Está hablando en serio? – le pregunté entre risas - Quién sabe – me respondió riendo mientras el carro iniciaba su recorrido Llegamos a casa de Maca y ella y todas las chicas ya habían regresado de la plaza. El señor Fuster rápidamente invitó a Maca a ir a charlar en el despacho junto a Valentina y yo. Omar, una vez que estuvimos los cuatro reunidos, comenzó a explicarle la situación a Maca. Ella se puso muy contenta por nosotras y no dudó ni un segundo en querer estampar su firma en donde se le requería. Luego de darle una breve leída al papel, cogió un lapicero y firmó. En esos mismos instantes, yo también puse la mía en el acuerdo que tenían para mí en donde constaba que me darían alojamiento y el pago de luz y agua durante mi estadía en EEUU siempre y cuando estuviese acompañando a Valentina. Mi pelirroja también firmó el nuevo contrato y, una vez cumplido los tres, nos dimos un abrazo con Maca, las tres sonreíamos. - Valentina no sabes lo feliz que me siento con saber que después de tanto tiempo, pudiste aceptarte y estar con Pía, así sin importar lo que digan los demás. Hace tres semanas era tu amiga, hace dos días se hicieron novias y ahora… ahora se están yendo juntas a EEUU – dijo Maca - Sí… gente que no nos conoce diría que es muy rápido, pero no conocen nuestra historia. No saben todo lo que hemos pasado juntas… nuestras tristezas y risas. Prácticamente éramos novias, pero no lo éramos por mis inseguridades… - decía mi pelirroja - Sí, felizmente eso quedó atrás y ahora viviremos juntas en EEUU – dije con una sonrisa - Bueno chicas, les deseo la mayor felicidad posible! Sé que la tendrán – dijo Maca mientras nos abrazaba - Gracias Maca y no te preocupes por Pía, yo la cuidaré como se merece - Eso no lo dudo – le respondió Maca. Yo tenía una sonrisa boba en mis labios – Cuídense mutuamente y vivan su vida como quieran vivirla – nos dijo con una sonrisa separando el abrazo - Todos los papeles están en orden. Cuando tengan sus equipajes listos, nos podremos ir al aeropuerto para coger el vuelo a New York – dijo el señor Fuster - Ya las maletas están listas en nuestra habitación, solo hay que bajarlas – respondió Valen - Entonces vayan chicas, yo acompaño al señor Omar a la sala a esperarlas – dijo Maca Nosotras asentimos y nos dirigimos al cuarto. Cogimos los equipajes que ya estaban listos, y nos detuvimos un momento en la puerta de la habitación mirando su interior. No dijimos ni una sola palabra, no hacían falta. Solo estábamos ahí observando por última vez el cuarto en el que nuestro amor había nacido, crecido y sido demostrado… Tantos recuerdos y momentos se quedarían dentro de aquellas cuatro paredes. Valentina volteó su cabeza dedicándome su mirada y una sonrisa. Le sonreí de vuelta y luego cogí su mano para encaminarnos a la sala juntas. Bajamos las escaleras y ahí estaban Maca y el señor Omar compartiendo algunas risas. Las demás chicas también bajaron con sus maletas, ellas también ya se retiraban de la Casa. Fueron minutos muy emotivos, muchas lágrimas se hicieron presentes en los abrazos que nos dábamos. Marissa, Greta y Nina nos contaban que se irían las tres a vivir juntas, habían formado lazos de amistad muy fuertes. Les deseamos suerte y nos desearon lo mismo a nosotras. Todos, luego de ellos, nos dirigimos a las afueras de la Casa. Ellas decidieron irse primero y con tristeza y alegría nos despedimos. Omar paró el siguiente taxi que se aproximó y le indicó el destino. Luego de unos segundos, nos dirigió una mirada que nos decía que era el momento de partir. Con un último fuerte abrazo, nos despedimos de Maca y prometimos no perder el contacto. Subimos al auto y observamos por última vez a la que, con mucha seguridad, podíamos decir que era nuestra segunda madre. Maca poseía el rostro y la mirada de una madre feliz por la madurez de sus hijas. De esa manera nos alejábamos de la casa de Maca rumbo al aeropuerto. El taxi se detuvo y nosotras bajamos sacando el equipaje. El señor Fuster nos indicó que esperáramos en los asientos indicados mientras él iba por los pasajes. Volvió pocos minutos después con los boletos en mano diciendo que el vuelo salía en 20 minutos. Los minutos que tuvimos que esperar se pasaron muy rápido gracias a las bromas de Valentina. El sonido de la voz de una señorita nos sacó de las risas y fuimos invitados a abordar nuestro vuelo. Para nosotras esto era algo nuevo, ninguna de las dos había viajado por avión a ningún lado. Omar soltaba risas por nuestro asombro con cada cosa. Nos ubicamos en nuestros asientos dentro del avión, el equipaje ya había sido chequeado y puesto en su lugar antes de abordar. El avión despegó y fue una sensación nueva para nosotras. Estábamos pegadas cuerpo a cuerpo en unos asientos que daban a una de las ventanas. Valentina tenía tomada mi mano y no las separó ni un minuto durante todo el viaje. El señor Fuster había comprado su boleto unos asientos más atrás, seguramente quería darnos un poco de privacidad, me alegra que lo haya hecho. El avión no estaba lleno, cada media hora habían vuelos a NY por lo que era razonable que no se llenaran. Nuestra pequeña fila casi estaba vacía, a tres asientos de mí, pasando un pequeño corredor, recién se hallaba una señorita de tal vez unos 25 años que tenía puestos sus auriculares con los ojos cerrados. Creo que era por eso que Valentina no se demoraba en robarme cuantos besos se le antojaban aprovechando que no había quien nos pudiese interrumpir. Al cabo de una hora, pero no porque haya estado aburrida devorando la boca de mi novia, el sueño comenzó a apoderarse de mí. Gentilmente corté el beso que ya se había tornado un poco intenso, vi que la mirada de Valentina también estaba un poco apagada. - También te está dando sueño? – le pregunté - Ah?... No, no… - Valeeen… - dije sabiendo que me estaba mintiendo - Ya bueno sí, un poquito, pero no tiene nada que ver contigo… Es solo que no sé, me encanta, me fascina tener tus labios pegados a los míos, pero… - No te preocupes – dije sonriendo – yo entiendo, lo mismo me está pasando. Crees que sea el vuelo? - Ah? Osea que da sueño? - Ajá - Uhm pues puede ser. No sé nunca he viajado antes así – Valentina se paró a medias y comenzó a observar a los demás pasajeros - la mayoría de las personas tiene los ojos cerrados, creo que están durmiendo – me dijo - Cuánto dura el vuelo? - Uhm… a ver déjame ver – dijo mientras observaba el ticket de avión – aquí dice… ahm… 6 horas - Ah pues con razón. Llegaremos como a la medianoche a NY - Sí, creo que sí, tal vez a la 1am… Creo que el suave y relajante movimiento del avión es lo que adormece - Sí, supongo que es eso - Bueno, entonces ven – dijo recostando mi cabeza en su hombro – Descansemos durante el trayecto - Sí… Ya en el depa tendremos tiempo de continuar en lo que nos hemos quedado – le dije coquetamente mientras cerraba mis ojos - Tienes toda la razón – la escuché decir mientras sentía un beso en mi cabeza - Nos vemos más tarde, mi Pía. Descansa - Tú también, mi Valentina Sentí lentamente al avión detenerse. La voz del capitán nos despertó a mí y a Valentina. La gente comenzó a levantarse de sus asientos y se dirigía a los corredores para empezar a salir en orden. El señor Omar apareció a nuestro costado con la cara de recién-levantado. Los tres juntos salimos del avión y recogimos nuestro equipaje. Nos dirigimos a las afueras del aeropuerto y el señor Fuster comenzó a hablar con uno de los taxistas. Se sentía frío en New York, pero rápidamente lo dejé de sentir cuando unas manos se posaron en mi cintura y un beso tibio era estampado en mi cuello. Valentina me tenía abrazada por detrás mientras esperábamos las indicaciones del señor Fuster para abordar un auto. Al cabo de unos minutos, Omar nos llamó con las manos indicándonos que subiéramos al taxi último que había detenido. Cogimos nuestros equipajes y nos subimos al carro. La ciudad era hermosa. A pesar de ser cerca de la 1am, las calles todavía estaban iluminadas por los letreros de clubes nocturnos como bares, pubs, y una que otra tienda. Seguíamos pasando las calles y los edificios gigantes no desaparecían. \"Este es el centro de la ciudad, aquí abunda la vida nocturna, es por eso que todavía está iluminado\" nos explicaba Omar. Poco a poco las \"torres\" fueron desvaneciéndose dando lugar a edificios de no más de 15 pisos, en su mayoría departamentos. Habían pasado algo de 20 minutos cuando el taxi se detuvo frente a un condominio algo lujoso. En las afueras se leía \"Sony Music Condo\". Omar nos invitó a pasar y así lo hicimos. Un guardia nos saludó y nos permitió la entrada. Había una pequeña área verde muy bien cuidada y elegante antes de llegar a la entrada a los departamentos en sí. Subimos por un ascensor, los botones indicaban que había 13 pisos, nosotras solo nos íbamos a detener en el sexto. El ascensor se detuvo y salimos. Omar nos guió por el patio y, al cabo de un rato, nos entregó una llave a cada una cuando llegamos a la puerta del depa 507. - Bueno aquí me quedo yo, regresaré mañana a las 9am y les explicaré con más detalle todo – dijo el señor Fuster con una sonrisa - Está bien, gracias – dijo Valentina mientras Omar volvía por el camino que habíamos recorrido When the visions around you bring tears to your eyes, and all that surround you are secrets and lies… - Todo se ve muy elegante, no? – le pregunté mientras la veía intentando abrir la puerta … I'll be your strength, I'll give you hope keeping your faith when it's gone. The one you should call was standing here all along… - Sí, me hace sentir importante – dijo entre risas … And I will take you in my arms, and hold you right where you belong. Till the day my life is through, this I promise you, this I promise you… - Pues para mí lo eres – le dije con una sonrisa. Ella me miró y luego empujó la puerta … I've loved you forever, in lifetimes before and I promise you never will you hurt anymore. I give you my word, I give you my heart… Ambas nos quedamos asombradas por lo que veíamos. Se divisaba una pequeña sala con muebles rojos, paredes negras con cuadros rojizos-negros alucinantes, pero lo más hermoso era la vista que teníamos. Un poco más allá del living-room había un balcón del mismo tamaño de la sala con dos sillas y una pequeña mesa desde donde se apreciaba un parque abajo y en el frente, los edificios gigantes del centro de la ciudad. … This is a battle we've won and with this vow, FOREVER has now begun... - Wao, qué hermoso – dije mientras entraba al depa y me dirigía al balcón. Valentina dejó los equipajes a un lado y comenzó a inspeccionar … Just close your eyes each loving day. I know this feeling won't go away. Till the day my life is through, this I promise you.. This I promise you… - Y tiene todo… - dijo mientras veía la cocina y al otro lado, solo con la vista, las puertas de dos habitaciones … Over and over I fall when I hear you call. Without you in my life baby, I just wouldn't be living at all... - Bienvenida a nuestro depa – le dije sonriendo con mi mirada puesta en el parque. Solté un pequeño suspiro cuando sentí sus brazos en mi cintura y sus labios en mi cuello … And I will take you in my arms and hold you right where you belong. Till the day my life is through, this I promise you baby… - No, Pía… bienvenida a nuestra vida, a nuestra felicidad … Just close your eyes each loving day. I know this feeling won't go away. Every word I say is true. This I promise you… Every word I say is true. This I promise you. Ooh, I promise you... THE END[Chapter 14] No, no se han equivocado, este es un nuevo capítulo de \"Estar contigo\" xD Uhm, no es exactamente una continuación, es más un one-shot de un acontecimiento que sucede en la vida de Pía y Valentina estando en New York. Así como este, en caso de que alguna idea venga a mí, estaré publicando one-shots sobre sucesos de la vida de nuestra parejita en NY (: Espero que les guste. PD: Me alegraron mucho los reviews que recibí sobre \"el final\" de \"Estar contigo\". Gracias a todos los que se toman la molestia de pasarse a escribir un review siempre (: PD 2: La mayoría de canciones utilizadas en este capi son más como fondo de lo que se esté relatando (Puntos Suspensivos - La Bermúdez , Just dance - Lady Gaga , La gente está borracha - Los Borgia , Inevitable - SIA). Las otras canciones son \"Cuando amas\" de Jhovan y \"Locomotor\" de Locomotor - Ok, de nuevo. Dale desde el primer \"Y tarde o temprano…\" – indicó Omar Y tarde o temprano te darás cuenta que no eres el mejor ni yo perfecta… Observaba a mi Valentina cantar desde el cuarto-de-producción-y-prueba desde el otro lado de la ventana junto a Omar y a otros miembros de producción. La vida vuela sin preguntar, no es un boceto para ensayar… Había pasado poco más de dos meses desde que habíamos llegado a New York. Al principio se nos había hecho un poco difícil el idioma, pero con la ayuda de un instructor, ambas habíamos aprendido el inglés básico y cotidiano que se debía saber. Y espero que sea más temprano que tarde pues, me dolería tanto ya no volver a amarte... El día del cumpleaños de Valentina, hace un mes, logré conseguir un \"part-time job\" en una heladería/café para así no aburrirme en el depa todo el día esperando las 7pm para recogerla en la disquera; además, claro, el dinero es siempre bienvenido. \"Te extraño y te pienso\", puntos suspensivos... \"Quiero ser tu amigo con derechos\", puntos suspensivos... A pesar de que nuestro departamento en el Condo tenía dos habitaciones, nunca nos hizo falta un segundo cuarto debido a que con la excusa de \"hace mucho frío por las noches aquí en NY\", ambas habíamos decidido dormir juntas. Si antes me lo hubieras dicho, creo que no habría caído en tus dedos, en tu boca y más puntos suspensivos... Pero solo lo que habíamos hecho era dormir. Muchas veces, pequeñas sesiones de besos se habían tornado muy intensas y poco controlables; sin embargo, mi pelirroja siempre las detenía gentilmente cuando ya parecía que el amor en su máxima expresión sucedería. Y tarde o temprano te darás cuenta que no eres el mejor ni yo perfecta… Frustrante? Tal vez un poco… Pero yo estaba dispuesta a esperar a que Valentina se sintiera segura o cómoda con eso. No la presionaba, solo dejaba que las cosas sucedieran hasta el punto que ella desease. La vida vuela sin preguntar, no es un boceto para ensayar… Hoy me habían dado el día libre en mi trabajo por motivo de mi cumpleaños. Valentina me había pedido que la acompañara este día en sus ensayos porque a la salida me daría una sorpresa. Y dudo que sea más temprano que tarde pues, me estoy acostumbrando a no poder amarte... Esta canción siempre me sacaba sonrisas. Valen me había explicado que la había creado aquel día en el Club en el que se \"perdió\" totalmente después de pensar que yo tenía algo con Allison. Y esta es mi última canción para ti, al menos espero que sea así. Tanta belleza que admirar, tantos a quienes escribir. \"Te juro que me había propuesto olvidarte. Fue una decisión drástica, pero es que los celos me estaban comiendo viva. Sin embargo, antes de subir al escenario, te vi entre la multitud. Tu mirada estaba vacía… La vida cada vez me sorprende más con más y más puntos suspensivos... … supe que me habías extrañado, supe que me querías. Había planeado cantar \"She's not there\", pero con esa mirada, me decidí por \"When you're gone\" y me alegra que así haya sido \" me había contado Valentina con sonrisas sobre el día en que creó \"Puntos suspensivos\". Y tarde o temprano te darás cuenta que no eres el mejor ni yo perfecta… La canción estuvo originalmente dedicada a mí. Partes como \"no eres la mejor ni yo perfecta\" y \" quiero ser tu amiga con derechos\" habían sido cambiadas debido a que Omar y los productores no querían que el público en un futuro pensara que lo que \"se trataba de vender\" era el tema lésbico. La vida vuela sin preguntar, no es un boceto para ensayar… Ellos querían vender la música, la buena música que mi pelirroja hacía. No querían que el \"jale\" de ella sea lo lésbico, tal y como había hecho un grupo ruso que llegó a alcanzar mucha fama para después decepcionar a muchas de sus fans astronautas. Pero eso sí, si en alguna ocasión en el futuro le preguntaban sobre su sexualidad o pareja, ella era libre de decir la verdad. No importa que sea más temprano que tarde pues… Siempre fueron muy cordiales con nosotras en la disquera, nunca hubo maltrato ni discriminación, incluso nos sentíamos en familia. Estos dos meses habían sido los más hermosos al lado de mi novia, de mi Valentina. de hoy en adelante ya no volveré a amarte... - Corte. Queda por hoy – dijo Omar dando indicaciones a los de producción para luego entrar al otro lado del cuarto donde se encontraba Valentina - Creo que necesito agua – dijo Valentina saliendo del \"trance\" de cantar - Lo has hecho bien, cada vez va mejor – decía Fuster - Me alegra, porque es bien cansado cantar una sola canción todo el día – decía riendo - Me imagino – dijo Omar con una sonrisa – Ah, por cierto, tu novia te está esperando en la parte de producción - Verdad! – dijo con una sonrisa formándose en sus labios mientras salía disparada del cuarto de prueba – Cómo está la cumpleañera más hermosa del mundo! – dijo envolviéndome en un abrazo - Bien, bien, muy feliz – le dije con una sonrisa mientras rompía el abrazo - Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear Pia, happy birthday to you... - Ay Valen – dije un poco avergonzada entre risas – ya me cantaste en la mañana - Y? No importa, es para que no se te olvide que es tu cumpleaños – dijo mientras cargaba su guitarra colocándosela en la espalda - Jajajaja, no te preocupes, créeme que no se me va a olvidar - Entonces es para que no se te olvide que yo también lo tengo en mente - dijo sonriendo - Omar – dijo volteando su mirada buscándolo – ya me puedo ir, no? - Sí, sí. Ya terminamos por hoy. Disfruten su noche – nos dijo con una sonrisa - Gracias, entonces nos vemos. Chau a todos, buen trabajo hoy – dijo mi pelirroja cogiendo mi mano y despidiéndose con la otra de todos los presentes - Nos vemos chicos – dije con una sonrisa en el estudio mientras salíamos del cuarto - Lista? - Para qué? – dije sonriendo una vez afuera - Ya verás – me respondió mientras alzaba su mano pidiendo un taxi Eran más o menos las 8 de la noche cuando llegamos al Central Park, un parque gigantesco hermoso que brillaba maravillosamente con la luz de la luna. - ¿Qué hacemos aquí a esta hora? – le pregunté riendo - Pues es un lugar de pura calma y de noche se ve muy romántico Nos cogimos de las manos y nos encaminamos hacia adentro. Mi pelirroja traía su cabello suelto, con ese saco rojo invernal que me encantaba, unos jeans negros y unas Converse rojas. Yo, por mi parte, tenía un abrigo blanco, pantalones negros al igual que mis guantes, una boina blanca y unas botas chatas blancas. Nos detuvimos en el primer puente que encontramos para apreciar el recorrido del agua que pasaba por ahí. Comenzamos juntas a recordar todos nuestros momentos vividos en New York entre sonrisas, cada uno de ellos había sido increíble. Luego de un buen rato, Valentina se separó de mi lado y comenzó a sacar su guitarra. - Sabes que me derrites con tus canciones, no? – le dije sonriendo - No, amor, no quiero que te derritas – me dijo entre risas – Hay algo muy importante que te quiero decir y encontré una canción para expresarlo - Con tal de que no sea el \"happy birthday\" otra vez, no hay problema - Oye! Pero no, esta vez es otra canción - dijo empezando a tocar los acordes - Feliz cumpleaños Pía… Yo no sé cuánto me amas, solo sé que me tranquilizo cuando me hablas – me dedicó una sonrisa de enamorada - Yo no sé cuánto me extrañas, solo sé que me haces falta en cada mañana – me subí a la baranda del puente y me senté en su filo - Antes que despiertes sacrifícame, si nada es real. Porque tú eres todo lo que me falta, porque tú eres lo que yo necesito y más y más y más es lo que quiero de ti – simplemente me encantaba cuando veía a Valentina entonarme algo - Yo no sé cuánto me amas, solo sé que quiero ser yo la dueña de tu mirada – algo en todo mi cuerpo comenzaba a recorrer y no podía dejar de sonreír - Yo no sé, yo no sé, yo no sé, yo no sé si tal vez tú también sientas lo mismo. Son tus ojos los que me hablan y me traen acá, hasta este lugar prohibido – cantó observando el parque - Antes que respondas sacrifícame, si nada es real. Porque tú eres todo lo que me falta, porque tú eres lo que yo necesito y más y más y más es lo que quiero de ti. Porque tú eres todo lo que me falta, porque tú eres lo que yo necesito y más y más y más es lo que quiero de ti – Valentina despertaba todas las emociones posibles en mí con su voz - Porque tú eres todo lo que me falta, porque tú eres lo que yo necesito y más y más y más es lo que quiero de ti… Se acercó, todavía con su guitarra en brazos, y me robó un pequeño y tierno beso. Dejó su guitarra a un lado y buscó algo en uno de sus bolsillos. Sacó una pequeña cajita negra. Mis ojos se abrieron aún más de lo que estaban pensando en lo que aquella cajita podría contener. Una sonrisa inmensa se formó en mis labios cuando mi pelirroja la abrió lentamente, dejando a la vista un anillo plateado con 3 pequeñas piedras cristalinas en su frente. - Porque tú eres todo lo que me falta – dijo cantando mientras se ponía de rodillas - porque tú eres lo que yo necesito y más y más y más es lo que quiero de ti - Valen… - Pía, es la primera vez que yo siento este amor, esta dicha, esta felicidad tan grande… No sé si es muy rápido, pero para mí, los meses en casa de Maca y estos dos meses acá en New York junto a ti me han bastado para saber que es contigo con quien quiero estar el resto de mi vida… - Sí… yo creo que es muy rápido – noté que mi pelirroja bajó un poco la mirada – pero – dije cogiendo su mentón y uniendo nuestras miradas nuevamente – yo tampoco necesito más tiempo. Yo no puedo imaginar ni un solo día de mi vida que no sea a tu lado, yo te amo Valentina… - … Entonces – dijo poniéndose de pie sonriendo – Pía Montoya… te casarías conmigo? - … ¿Necesito responder? – le dije riendo - Uhm, por si las dudas - Pues mi respuesta es sí, obviamente que sí Valentina me sonrió. Nunca había sentido tanta felicidad en el pecho. Mi novia removió gentilmente el guante de mi mano izquierda y colocó el anillo en mi dedo anular. Nos quedamos en silencio unos segundos, ambas mirábamos los reflejos de luz que provenían de la pieza de plata. - Yo también te amo, Pía – me dijo dándole un beso al dedo poseedor del anillo Sonreí y creo que también me sonrojé. Se acercó para besarme, pero el momento fue interrumpido por el sonido de la llegada de un mensaje de texto a su celular. La vi sonreír mientras lo leía. - ¿Qué pasa? – le pregunté - Nada, ya todo está listo, vámonos - ¿Qué está listo? - Menos preguntas, más rapidez – me dijo llevándome de la mano de camino regreso al inicio - Estás loca, Valen! – dije riendo - Lo sé, pero así me quieres Salimos del parque y nos fuimos en un taxi rumbo al depa. En el camino, no pude dejar de observar el anillo, era tan bonito y significaba un gran paso en nuestras vidas. Lastimosamente, hacía frío y tuve que ponerme nuevamente el guante. Aún con la prenda puesta, sus pequeñas piedras sobresalían y hacían notar que el dedo estaba acompañado. Valentina se percató de lo que hacía. - No importa – me dijo – con o sin guante, ahora eres mi prometida. Tú y yo lo sabemos. - Mi prometida… qué bonito suena, no? – dije con una sonrisa boba - Todo en ti suena bonito - Awww… oye, pero, aquí en New York se permiten bodas entre personas del mismo sexo? - Uhm, no, pero en Massachusetts sí. Yo estuve hablando con Omar sobre eso y… - Omar sabe? - Sí, obvio, él es casi de la familia – me dijo riendo – Bueno, como te decía, él me dijo que cuando yo cumpla medio año en la disquera, buscará que me den un permiso para tener \"vacaciones\" por una semana. Ahí es cuando podríamos viajar y… pues casarnos - Wow, tú ya lo tenías todo planificado – dije riendo - Algo así, pero créeme que aún así una parte de mí tenía miedo a que tú no aceptaras - Bueno, ahora sabes que no fue así – reí – Yo tenía el miedo a que nunca me lo pidieras - Ah sí? Esta idea siempre me rondó desde que viajamos acá, pero decidí darle tiempo al tiempo. Quise asegurarme de que de verdad nos queríamos y pues no necesité mucho tiempo para darme cuenta de ello - Qué bueno que estés segura de que te quiero, eso es lo que no se te debe olvidar nunca - Créeme que siempre lo recordaré… En ese anillo te he entregado todo, ahora soy completamente tuya - Yo siempre fui tuya… - Te amo Pía - Te amo Valen Lentamente comenzó a acercar sus labios, pero nos vimos interrumpidas nuevamente, esta vez por la frenada del taxi en que nos encontrábamos. - Señoritas, ya llegamos – dijo el conductor Levantamos la mirada y constatamos que así era, nos encontrábamos en la entrada del Sony Music Condo. Valentina le entregó dinero al taxista y luego bajamos del auto. - Cuídense y felicidades señoritas – dijo con una sonrisa el conductor Tanto Valentina como yo, nos quedamos sin saber exactamente qué responder, simplemente le sonreímos. El taxista rió y luego puso en marcha su carro. La situación había sido extraña. Pasamos al jardín y llegamos a la sala de recepción del Condo en donde firmamos los papeles de llegada. Siempre que salíamos o entrábamos al Condo, firmábamos una hoja en la que confirmábamos nuestra salida o llegada, y el/la recepcionista colocaba la hora y nombre del artista u acompañante que realizaba la acción. Este proceso era como una especie de control hacia los artistas que se encontraban en los depas, así descubrían su puntualidad y disciplina, evitando fugas. Subimos por el ascensor al sexto piso y luego nos dirigimos a nuestro depa. Valentina abrió la puerta y apenas mi novia prendió la luz… - ¡Sorpresaaaaa! – se escuchó a una sola voz desde adentro Ahí en nuestra sala estaban nuestros amigos. Entré lentamente de la mano de mi pelirroja y fui recibiendo abrazos de todos, incluso de algunos que ya me habían saludado. Valentina me ayudó a quitarme el abrigo y los guantes, ella hizo lo mismo con su saco y luego se dirigió a la máquina de música y luces. La encendió, la música empezó a sonar, el ambiente se tornó oscuro estilo-disco y comenzamos a celebrar. Había en promedio unas 35 o 40 personas, la mayoría eran amigos artistas de aquí del Condo, los demás, que eran unos 4 o 5, eran mis compañeros en la heladería/café. Estos últimos se retiraron temprano debido a que tenían turnos en la mañana al día siguiente. Las horas iban pasando, la locura iba aumentando y la sobriedad entre los invitados, disminuyendo. RedOne, Konvict, Gaga, Oh oh. I've had a little bit too much, much. All of the people start to rush, start to rush by. How does he twist the dance? Can't find my drink, oh man. Where are my keys? I lost my phone, phone. Algunos sentados, con bebida en mano, hablando de mil y un mierdas. Otros \"concursando\" con la música en el mini-escenario del depa y en el balcón, y otros más dejándose simplemente llevar por la música haciendo tonterías mientras conversaban. What's going on on the floor? I love this record baby, but I can't see straight anymore. Keep it cool. What's the name of this club? I can't remember but it's alright, alright. - Te apuesto a que Gino va a terminar cantando como un rock-star en tu mini-escenario en media hora – nos decía Jeff sobre su compañero de banda - Créeme que no es el único. Míralos a ellos – decía señalando algunos chicos cerca del escenario – ya están compitiendo por las mejores tonadas. Rockeros idiotas, por eso varios habían traído sus guitarras – reía mi novia Just dance, gonna be okay da da do-dom. Just dance, spin that record babe da da do-dom. Just dance, gonna be okay. Da da da dance, dance, dance. Just, just, just, just dance. - Ey! por qué la agresión – reía Ricci acercándose a nosotros – preferimos que nos digan \"rockeros locos\", con cariño por favor – dijo tambaleándose un poco - Tanto Ricci? Pensé que no tomabas y, mírate, estás todo \"picadito\" – dije riendo Wish I could shut my playboy mouth oh oh oh oh. How'd I turn my shirt inside out? Inside out, right. Control your poison babe. Roses have thorns they say. And we're all getting hosed tonight oh oh oh oh. - Es que es por una buena causa, no muchas veces nos dejan ir de fiesta los de Sony, además todavía sigo sobrio – decía riendo - Típica frase de un borracho – dije riendo – pero bueno, anda ve a cuidar a Gino, que ya lo veo sacando su rock-star interno What's going on on the floor? I love this record baby, but I can't see straight anymore. Keep it cool. What's the name of this club? I can't remember but it's alright, alright. - Gino, Gino! – gritaba Ricci dirigiéndose al escenario – Pía dice que… - Okey, él va a terminar mal – dijo Valentina – Jeff, no puedes controlar a tu banda? - Jajaja, que se diviertan, hemos estado trabajando duro. Además agradece que no hayan venido ni Daniel, ni Diego. Todo mi grupo junto es un peligro - dijo riendo - Tú, Valen, como vas? Just dance, gonna be okay da da do-dom. Just dance, spin that record babe da da do-dom. Just dance, gonna be okay. Da da da dance, dance, dance. Just, just, just, just dance. - Ahí, también trabajando duro. Estoy con mi sencillo \"Puntos suspensivos\". Más o menos en un mes supongo que estará listo. Y ustedes? Ya sacaron una canción o todavía? - Pues claro, aunque recién hace dos semanas terminamos con la letra. Se llama \"Locomotor\" When I come through on the dance floor checking out that catalogue, can't believe my eyes, so many women without a flaw. And I ain't gonna give it up, steady trying to pick it up like a car. - Wow, qué original, igual que el nombre de su grupo – dije sarcásticamente - Jaja sí, es que no tenemos mucha imaginación… Oye verdad han venido los de Enero? I'ma hit it, I'ma hit it and flex and do it until tomorrow, yeah. Shawty I can see that you got so much energy. The way your twirlin up them hips round and round and there's no reason at all why you can't leave here with me. In the meantime stand and let me watch you break it down and… - Ah sí, sí los vi. A ver… ahí – dije señalando cerca al balcón – los que se están correteando en medio de gritos son ellos - Jajaja esssos, los recién llegados. Tienen talento? – preguntaba Jeff Dance, gonna be okay da da do-dom. Just dance, spin that record babe da da do-dom. Just dance, gonna be okay. Da da da dance, dance, dance. Just, just, just, just dance. - Pues una vez salí por agua del estudio y pasé por donde estaban ensayando. Saben tocar los instrumentos, aunque le falta un poco de afinación al vocalista – dijo Valentina - Ah, con práctica, fácil puede ser. Quién es su \"padre\"? Half psychotic, sick, hypnotic. Got my blueprint, it's symphonic. Half psychotic, sick, hypnotic. Got my blueprint electronic. Half psychotic, sick, hypnotic. Got my blueprint, it's symphonic. Half psychotic, sick, hypnotic. Got my blueprint electronic. - Uhmmm… No me acuerdo… quién era, Pía? - Creo, creo que es Javier. Ah sí, su \"padre\" – \"padre\" era la costumbre de llamar a los descubridores de cada artista aquí en el Condo y la disquera – es Javier - Javier? El \"padre\" de Cami Martínez? Go! Use your muscle, carve it out, work it hustle. I got it, just stay close enough to get it. Don't slow. Drive it, clean it, lights out, bleed it, spend the lasto. I got it, in your pocko, I got it. - Sí, él mismo – le respondí - Es que ya Cami va a terminar su ciclo acá, sus canciones han pegado en Colombia, entonces como ya se va y entra en un nuevo proceso, Javier tenía que buscar un nuevo diamante en bruto y pues se trajo a Enero - Ahh, sí, pues ella ya va casi dos años, buenazo que ya vuelva a su ciudad Just dance, gonna be okay da da do-dom. Just dance, spin that record babe da da do-dom. Just dance, gonna be okay. Da da da dance, dance, dance. Just, just, just, just dance. - A ver, a ver – decía con un micrófono Gino desde el escenario con voz \"mareada\" apagando la música – Gente… mi nombre es Gino, soy parte del grupo Locomotor y… qué iba a hacer? – le preguntó a Ricci que estaba atrás de él con una guitarra – Ah sí, sí, les quería enseñar nuestro single que se llama Locomotor. Jeff, ven acá, Valentina nunca te hará caso y menos en el cumpleaños de su novia. - Qué hablas oe – decía Jeff riendo mientras les daba el alcance en el mini-escenario - Jajaja, a ver… cómo iba esto? – decía Gino. Todas las personas nos pusimos atentas al escenario esperando a que empezaran. Las guitarras empezaron a sonar – … \"Locomotor\" Tú, que enciendes y apagas todos mis sentidos. Ya no sé si aún respiro... Locomotor. Tú, que cambias y transformas todos mis sentimientos. Ya no sé bien lo que siento. Sé! – \"sé!\" corearon Jeff y Ricci - que mañana volverá, que los días seguirán para soñar… Y es que de una vez - \"Eh eh!\" corearon nuevamente sus compañeros de banda - necesito un poco de ti – \"Wo oh!\" coreaban Jeff y Ricci - Te necesito para olvidar, para saber, para seguir... Y es que de una vez – \"Eh eh!\" esta vez coreábamos todos - necesito un poco de ti (Wo oh!). Te necesito para olvidar, para saber, para seguir... Locomotor… Tú, despiertas y aceleras todos mis instintos – todos ya habían dejado sus asientos y estaban pegados al escenario coreando - Hoy me siento como un niño... Locomotor. Tú, que siempre estás conmigo, ahora estoy perdido y me siento confundido... Sé! (sé!) que mañana volverá, que los días seguirán para soñar… Y es que de una vez (Eh eh!) necesito un poco de ti (Wo oh!) – la canción nos pegó a todos y parecía un mini-concierto - Te necesito para olvidar, para saber, para seguir... Y es que de una vez (Eh eh!) necesito un poco de ti (Wo oh!). Te necesito para olvidar, para saber, para seguir... Te necesito porque quiero ver el sol – sentí que Valentina me abrazaba por detrás - te necesito porque tengo una ilusión, te necesito porque pierdo la razón – volteé mi cuerpo y con una sonrisa uní nuestros labios - Y es que de una vez, necesito un poco de ti. Te necesito para olvidar, para saber, para seguir... Y es que de una vez (Eh eh!) necesito un poco de ti (Wo oh!). Te necesito para olvidar, para saber, para seguir... Y es que de una vez (Eh eh!) - nos separamos lentamente y pusimos nuestra mirada nuevamente en el escenario- necesito un poco de ti (Wo oh!). Te necesito para olvidar, para saber, para ser… - Wuuuuh! – gritamos todos aplaudiendo cuando terminaron su performance - Feliz súper genial cumpleaños Pía! – gritó Gino creo que con lo último de su voz. Yo simplemente moví mi cabeza en tono de afirmación y les agradecí - Contento Gino? Ahora sí bajemos – le decía Jeff riendo – Tú también ven, Ricci Bajaron del mini-escenario entre risas y aplausos de los demás, luego se dirigieron a donde estábamos. Una chica se acercó al lugar de música y volvió a prender el CD que había estado sonando. Llegó la banda que toca todo el día, le gusta la bebida y no quiere descansar. Ya vamos todos, vamo' a vivir la vida, acá no hay despedida si vamo' a comenzar. - No sé cómo es que pudo terminar la canción – decía riendo Valentina - Yo no sé cómo pudo empezar a cantarla en primer lugar – rió Jeff mientras \"controlaba\" a sus compañeros - Ya mejor llévatelos. Creo que ha habido suficiente fiesta para ellos dos – dije Porque la gente ya se pone caliente y todo el mundo no para de tomar. Con este ritmo que se pone de moda, la fiesta es una joda y no paran de cantar… - Sí, creo que tienes razón. Además ya son las… - dijo mirando su reloj – 2:53am. Hasta que hora les dieron permiso en la disquera? - Pues le rogué a mi \"padre\" y me dijo que solo hasta las 3am. Algo es algo, dijo que era suficiente tiempo para celebrar, no quería fuertes resacas el lunes – dijo Valentina - Paf, pero ustedes casi ni han tomado – decía Jeff \" Que está borracha, está borracha, lo que pasa es que la gente está borracha – la gente comenzó a hacer una ronda y todos abrazados comenzaron a saltar y corear - está borracha, está borracha, está borracha y ya no puede parar\" - Creo que hablaba por los demás invitados – decía riendo mientras veía a las demás personas en el depa – jaja, bueno hoy ya es domingo, tienen todo el día para recuperarse y estar bien el lunes - Sí, lo malo es que mañana yo voy a ser \"la mami\" de este par de compañeros – dijo Jeff mirando a Gino y Ricci - No entiendo por qué tienes estos efectos especiales en tu depa Valentina – dijo Gino haciendo movimientos con su mano como si estuviera cayéndose Salte del barrio y ven con los muchachos. Sigue saltando, no pares de bailar. Sécate el vino y ponte una birra que con Los Borgia todos nos vamo' a reventar. - … Uhm… okey… Jeff, llévatelo - Sí, tienes razón. Ricci, deja eso, ven – dijo quitándole un shot que tenía en la mano – Bueno, espero que la hayas pasado bien, Pía. Nos vemos, gracias por la fiesta - Sí, ha estado muy divertido, pero a mí no me agradezcas, porque yo ni enterada de que iba a haber una fiesta acá – dije riendo mirando a Valentina Y si nos vamos, nos vamo' acostumbrando, que de la fiesta nadie nos va a sacar. No sé qué pasa, la gente está gritando y con el vaso todos no dejan de cantar… - Bueno igual, estuvo del putas. Nos vemos chicas… ey, ey, espera – dijo deteniendo su mirada en mi mano izquierda, probablemente por el brillo que resaltaba en la oscuridad – un anillo? - Sí – dije orgullosa sonriéndole a Valentina - No sabía que usaras anillos, está muy bonito – dijo todavía embobado cogiendo mi mano - No, yo no uso alhajas. Ese no es un anillo cualquiera – su mirada subió y miró a Valentina \" Que está borracha, está borracha, lo que pasa es que la gente está borracha, está borracha, está borracha. Está borracha, está borracha, está borracha y ya no puede parar… - Te refieres a que…? Están comprometidas? Se van a casar? – dijo un poco anonadado - Sí, algo así – dijo Valentina sonriendo - Que no son muy jóvenes? Que no es disfrutar la vida y luego te casas cuando ya estás aburrido? - Jajaja, ay Jeff, sí bueno somos jóvenes pero a mí no me importa, yo estoy segura – dije – Y yo también – agregó Valentina - Jeff decídete, nos vamos o nos quedamos – gruñía como niño Ricci - No, no, ya nos vamos - le respondió, luego nos volvió a mirar - Ya mañana seguimos hablando. Bye – dijo entre risas … Que está borracha, está borracha, lo que pasa es que la gente está borracha, está borracha, está borracha, está borracha y ya no puede parar\" - Chau Jeff – dijo Valentina mientras los despedía desde la puerta – Bueno, mejor ya vamos desalojando a los demás también, que si nos pasamos la hora, Omar me mata - Ay, espera Valen, deja que termine la canción y se irán tranquilos - Uhm, sí, tienes razón… Entonces no nos quedemos aquí paradas – dijo cogiendo mi mano – unámonos a la ronda! \" Que está borracha, está borracha, lo que pasa es que la gente está borracha, está borracha, está borracha, está borracha y ya no puede parar\"… \"Que está borracha, está borracha, lo que pasa es que la gente está borracha, está borracha, está borracha, está borracha… Vamos carajo! - Wuuuuu! – gritamos todos a una sola voz - Bueno, bueno – dijo Valentina subiendo al mini-escenario y apagando la música – Chicos, ya es tarde. Si no se van ahora, todos nuestros \"padres\" ni más nos dejarán hacer fiesta – risas acompañaron el lugar - Gracias por venir… - Que hable Pía! – se escuchó - Sí! Que hable, que hable – poco a poco se convirtió en una sola voz en el depa – que hable! - Ya, ya – dije abriéndome paso entre la gente y acercándome al escenario – ya estoy acá... Bueno, gracias a todos los que vinieron hoy. A casi todos de ustedes, por no decir todos, los conozco a través de Valentina y… bueno todos son súper buena onda y… nada. Mil gracias por acompañarme este rato en mi cumpleaños, espero que la hayan pasado súper. Besos y abrazos a todos – dije con una sonrisa bajando del escenario y dirigiéndome a la entrada - Wuuuh! – gritaron todos aplaudiendo - Listo, chicos, retirándose por favor. Gracias a todos, gracias – decía Valentina mientras yo me despedía de las personas que cogían sus abrigos y casacas que ya comenzaban a salir Después de algunos minutos, el depa se quedó vacío, solo habíamos quedado mi pelirroja y yo. Ella había estado recogiendo algunos de los desórdenes del lugar. Se percató de que la estaba mirando desde la puerta y se acercó a mí con una sonrisa. Se puso a mi costado y le dio una vista al depa. - Feliz cumpleaños, Pía – dijo riendo enseñándome el desorden - Oh, qué lindo regalo – reí también – Qué trabajo nos espera mañana, qué flojera - Bueno, pero la pasaste bien, o no? - Sí, sí, fue el mejor cumpleaños que he tenido, en serio… Todo está tan perfecto ahora en mi vida – dije abrazándola – Gracias por todo Valen - Gracias a ti, Pía… Nos mantuvimos abrazadas unos segundos terminando de absorber el nuevo paso que habíamos tomado en nuestra relación. Lentamente sentí su cabeza girar y luego un beso tierno en mi mejilla. También giré para así poder encontrarme con sus labios. Comenzamos suavemente, incluso podía sentir su sonrisa entre beso y beso. Pasaban los segundos, y Valentina empezó a bajar sus brazos hasta mi cintura y de ese lugar, no los movió. Yo, sin perder tiempo, enredé los míos en su cuello. En cada segundo que pasaba, la distancia entre nosotras iba desapareciendo, mientras que la intensidad de los besos iba aumentando. No se escuchaba bulla alguna, solo nuestra respiración entre-cortada con sonido a desesperación y deseo. Mi lengua no se cansaba de explorar y recorrer la boca de mi pelirroja sin descanso, ya que se entretenía mucho jugando con la de Valentina. Fui empujando nuestros cuerpos lentamente hacia… no tenía idea de hacia dónde nos dirigía. Solo cuando sentí mis brazos, que estaban aferrados al cuello de mi prometida, chocar contra una pared, supe que habíamos llegado a uno de los costados de la puerta de una de las habitaciones. Nos detuvimos un momento, teníamos que respirar. Pero bastaron dos segundos de un buen aire para que otra vez mi boca empezara a devorar a la de Valentina. La necesitaba más a ella que al estúpido aire. Cambiamos de posición rotando hacia la derecha y, de esa manera, terminé pegada a la puerta del cuarto. Estuvimos ahí varios minutos. El deseo y la necesidad comenzaban a recorrer por todo mi cuerpo una vez más y, creo que por eso, no le prestaba atención a la manija de la puerta que fastidiaba mi espalda. Trataba de controlarme y detener la excitación que se comenzaba a acrecentar en mí porque seguramente en cualquier momento Valentina comenzaría a bajar lentamente la intensidad, nos iríamos a dormir como si nada y me dejaría otra vez… así. Trataba, incluso yo, de bajar la intensidad, pero no podía. En serio trataba, pero mi cuerpo y mi boca no obedecían. Sentí, en esos instantes, que Valentina subió un poco sus brazos y chocó con la manija. Apartó uno de sus brazos, y, con la mano libre, abrió la puerta y, de no ser porque estaba muy aferrada a su cuello, hubiera caído. En el momento de mi casi-caída, nos tomamos unos segundos para respirar mientras nuestras miradas se devoraban mutuamente. Pensé, tal vez, que mi pelirroja aprovecharía ese momento para detener la situación, pero no lo hizo. Volvió nuevamente con fuerza a juntar nuestros labios y comenzamos lentamente a adentrarnos en la habitación. Esto ya había sido demasiado, acaso Valentina de alguna manera me estaba diciendo que estaba lista? O tal vez simplemente se había dejado llevar un poco por el momento? Mi deseo cada vez se hacía más difícil de disimular y controlar, mis manos comenzaron a jugar con el cabello de Valentina y, de vez en cuando llegaban a su rostro a coger sus mejillas. Sentí la parte baja de la cama golpear mi pierna y solté un pequeño quejido de dolor mientras caía en la cama, Valentina caía conmigo. Estando encima de mí, se apoyó en sus codos en la cama. Me miró fijamente a los ojos como si estuviese esperando una respuesta. Ambas botábamos una respiración densa agitada. Sea lo que sea que me haya preguntado con la mirada, yo se lo respondí cogiendo su rostro y acercándolo a mí, juntando una vez más nuestros labios. Mis manos dejaron sus mejillas para volver a su cuello, pero esta vez no planeaba dejarlos ahí, lentamente fui bajándolos pasando por su espalda. Rodeé su cintura y mis brazos creyeron estar en el mismísimo paraíso. La parte final del polo que llevaba Valentina incomodaba la felicidad de mis brazos, así que, aunque con un poco de miedo, fui removiéndolo hacia arriba. Mi prometida no me detenía, por lo que, con más seguridad, detuve unos instantes el beso para poder terminar de quitarle el polo. La prenda desapareció de nuestra vista y Valentina volvió a lo que estábamos. Al rato, sentí las yemas de sus dedos en mi cintura, repitiendo la acción que yo había realizado segundos atrás. Alcé mis brazos ayudándola a desprenderse de mi polo. La prenda voló a uno de los costados de la cama y nos quedamos unos segundos así mirándonos… Todas esas noches… - No me digas que te estás arrepintiendo – le dije con una sonrisa, aunque en realidad tenía miedo … no has podido dormir … - No, no. No sabes cómo he esperado por esto… pero eso sí, tendrás que ser muy paciente conmigo, porque no sé nada de nada – dijo entre risas … No lo esperabas, pero ya casi está aquí… - Cómo me gustaría no saber nada… me hubiera encantado que fueses mi primera… … Será un antes, un después, inevitable resistir… - Ey, ey – dijo acariciando mi rostro – No pienses esas cosas, sí? No quiero que recuerdes nada de eso, a mí no me importa eso. No me duele ni me incomoda no haber sido tu primera – me dijo sonriendo acercándose a mis labios – yo lo que quiero es ser tu última… … Cuando sientas su piel, inevitable es…[Chapter 15] Gracias a paxhunter13, kellyth, 14789635, JackieVodka, RiotIs, Aleep y Elisabloom por el review (: La Universidad me dejó un tiempo libre en casa y aproveché para escribir esta idea que ya la había tenido hace semanas, espero les guste (: PD: Este es en realidad un ¿doble-shot? así que tiene continuación, pero sé que su conti tardaré en ponerla (más o menos 2-4 semanas) debido al poco tiempo que me queda para escribir ahora. Espero que sepan aguantar y tener paciencia (: PD 2: Ojalá la mayoría de personas que lea este capi sepa inglés porque incluí muchos varios diálogos en ese idioma (es que están en NY, USA). En todo caso, busquen ahora en Google un traductor y cada vez que vea las conversaciones en inglés, las traduce (: … See I don't know what you've done to me, but i'm so lost in your fantasy - Corte. Bien, Valentina. Terminamos por hoy – escuché a Omar decirme desde la parte de producción Solté un respiro denso y me sacudí la camisa que llevaba porque el calor que ya se sentía era fuerte incluso a estas horas de la noche. Estaba tomando un poco del agua que tenía ahí cerca cuando escuché provenir murmureos desde el otro lado de la habitación. Automáticamente una sonrisa se formó en mis labios, seguramente Pía ya había llegado. No perdí tiempo, cogí la botella de agua y, a paso rápido, me dirigí a la puerta. - … Además solo sería por hoy y mañana. El lunes ya estoy de regreso a primera hora – decía Omar - Ya te dije, Omar, por mí no hay problema. Solo faltaría consultarle a Valentina - Uhm – dije abrazando por detrás a Pía y estampándole un tierno beso en el cuello – consultarme qué? - Valen, Omar nos está pidiendo un favor - Sí… Lo que sucede es que desde hace una semana estoy cuidando a mi sobrina de 4 años – empezó explicando Omar - Tu sobrinita Emma? – preguntó Pía - Sí, ella misma, ustedes ya la conocen. La he traído varias veces a la disquera y más que todo en estos últimos días - Ah sí, sí – dije recordando el rostro de la tierna niña - Debido a que sus padres viajaron a Chile a administrar por unas pocas semanas su negocio, me la dejaron encargada. El problema es que había olvidado por completo que se ha cumplido un ciclo, que ya has cumplido media año acá Valentina y, al igual que todos mis compañeros, tengo que viajar a Washington a dar un informe detallado sobre tu avance. - Okey… no entiendo - No puedo llevar a mi sobrina conmigo a Washington porque sufre de aerofobia, pánico a volar en avión. Es por esa misma razón que sus padres no se la llevaron a Chile y me la dejaron encargada. - Lo que nos estás pidiendo es…? – pregunté, aunque ya suponía de lo que se podía tratar - A pesar de que las conozco solo seis meses, nos tenemos mucha confianza. Yo la verdad les he agarrado cariño a ambas – dijo riendo – para mí, son familia. Y, bueno, pues, me preguntaba si podrían cuidar de Emma, mi sobrinita. Solo sería por las horas que quedan de hoy y mañana, porque el lunes ya estaré regresando lo antes posible. - Pues, pero no sabemos nada sobre niños – dije mirando a Pía - Ay, pero no importa Valen, aprenderemos – me respondió sonriendo - Además – dijo Omar – Emma ya las conoce a ustedes y ustedes a ella. Saben que es bien tranquila, que le gusta colorear y dibujar… Tú le pones uno de esos libros en donde se puedan hacer esas actividades, y ella no las molestará hasta que se acabe el libro - Nada de molestar, yo encantada de pasar tiempo con ella – escuché decir a Pía - También le gustan todos los libros que tengan imágenes muy coloridas, le gusta que le lean un cuento antes de dormir, ah y le gusta tu voz Valentina. No entiende nada de lo que cantas, porque ella nació acá y sus padres le han enseñado inglés y solo sabe algunas cosas básicas en español, pero le encanta escucharte. Siempre que estoy en casa editando tus canciones, ella se me apega – dijo sonriendo - Ay, anda Valen, será linda la experiencia – me decía Pía con pequeños golpecitos - Uhm… sí, supongo que sí – dije riendo – además no podría fallarte Omar. Cuentas con nosotras - Gracias chicas, en serio gracias – dijo abrazándonos – En estos momentos, Emma está en la sala recreativa de la disquera con algunos otros niños. Ahí la recogeremos y le diré que me quedaré un rato más en el trabajo. Ustedes se la llevan al Condo y, estando entretenida, olvidará que no estoy ahí. - Okey. Cosas que necesitamos saber? Es alérgica a algo, tiene otras fobias? - No, no tiene alergias. Sobre las fobias, que yo sepa, solo la aerofobia. Uhm, come de todo. Ya sabe ir al baño sola, así que no se preocupen por eso. También sabe ponerse la ropa sola, excepto las zapatillas, todavía no las amarra bien. Es como cualquier otra niña normal, sin complicaciones, ni aspectos particulares. Ah, cierto – dijo sacando una pequeña maleta que se encontraba debajo de las máquinas de sonido – aquí hay dos conjuntos de ropa, su pijama, su peluche, dos libros de cuentos y su cepillo dental - Tú ya tenías todo listo – dije bromeando - Sí, bueno, confiaba en que ustedes me podrían hacer el favor. En caso de que no hubiesen podido, hubiera tenido que acudir a la señora Parker, la cuidadora de la sala recreativa. También conoce a Emma, pero no es lo mismo dejarla con ustedes que con ella. A ustedes las conozco más - Awww, se te sale lo \"feeling\" Omar – dijo Pía tiernamente - Es que creo que dejar a mi sobrinita me pone así – dijo soltando sonrisas – Pero, bueno, vayamos de una vez, mi vuelo ya sale en una hora. Gracias nuevamente - No hay nada que agradecer, nosotras siempre estaremos en deuda por lo que estás haciendo por mí y mi sueño de artista – dije sonriendo Omar me entregó la pequeña maleta y juntos los tres nos dirigimos al área recreativa para los niños. Ahí, ya solo quedaban Emma y otros dos niños, los demás probablemente ya habrían sido recogidos por sus familiares de la disquera. Emma, apenas nos vio entrar, vino corriendo hacia nosotros. Ella tenía el cabello corto castaño dividido en dos colitas, ojos color café, delgada y estatura normal para su edad. Lo que te conquistaba de ella era su tierna mirada. Pía y yo le decíamos \"la mirada tierna matadora\". - Ready to go, Em? – le preguntó Omar - Yeah, let me only say goodbye to Miss Parker – respondió la niña con su dulce tono de voz mientras nos movía una mano a nosotras en tono de saludo - Ok, go ahead – respondió Omar Viviendo en New York, aprendimos que no conviene andar en taxis debido al taxímetro, sale más económico comprar un auto. Omar nos ayudó en ese tema, y, debido a que Pía y yo ya éramos mayores de edad, decidimos comprarnos un carro de $13000 hace dos semanas. Obviamente, ambas ya habíamos tomado clases de manejo desde antes de comprarlo. Emma regresó de despedirse de la señora y volvía con nosotros con un libro para colorear en mano y una cartuchera. Nos encaminamos juntos al estacionamiento de la disquera mientras la pequeña niña nos contaba todas sus \"aventuras\" del día. Nos detuvimos al llegar a mi Toyota Yaris negro. - Ops – dijo Omar – I've forgotten on my desk some documents that need to be checked before Monday. You, all three, just continue. - But we can wait for you here, uncle - No, no, it's not necessary… and, it's getting late. It's better if you go with the girls to the Condo to be safe. Valentina, Pía, can you take Em with you to the Condo? I'll be fast and I'll be there in ten minutes. - Yeah, ok, no problem. Emma, let's go – decía Pía ofreciéndole su mano a la niña - Uhm… ok – dijo agarrando la mano de Pía – But don't take too long, uncle - Don't worry, I won't. See you Em – dijo Omar dándole un beso en su frente – Nos vemos, gracias chicas – nos dijo susurrando mientras nos abrazaba - Adiós Omar – dijo la niña con un acento muy gracioso. Omar salió con una sonrisa triste del estacionamiento - Well, ok, let's go. Girls, get into the car – dije entrando al asiento de conductor Pía subió con la pequeña maleta en una mano y agarrada a Emma con la otra. En el trayecto, Emma le comenzaba a \"explicar\" los dibujos que no había tenido tiempo de colorear durante el día. Era muy tierno ver a Pía hacerse la que no sabía nada para que Emma le explicara con orgullo de qué trataba cada dibujo y qué colores debía usar en cada parte. Llegamos al Condo en pocos minutos. Siempre era gracioso llevar a Emma al Condo porque siempre se asombraba con las figuras en arbustos que lo rodeaban por dentro. Estacioné el auto, le puse la seguridad y luego nos dirigimos a la recepción. Ambas teníamos cogida de una mano a Emma, yo llevaba la maleta y Pía el libro para colorear con la cartuchera. Firmamos los papeles de llegada, subimos por el ascensor y luego nos encaminamos al depa. A pesar de conocer mi depa de pies a cabeza, siempre me asombraba cada vez que entraba. Era muy elegante y confortable, y lo mejor era que tenía de todo: desde las cosas básicas como sala, cocina, hasta un mini-escenario y balcón con una vista hermosa. Apenas entramos, Pía se dirigió junto a Emma a la cocina, yo, en cambio, me fui a la sala y prendí la TV de espaldas a ellas. Al cabo de unos minutos, escuché risas y decidí voltear mi mirada: Pía preparaba la cena mientras ahí, junto a ella, Emma pintaba sentada su ligero libro. Definitivamente, Pía y Emma juntas eran la mayor ternura que alguien pudiese ver. Volví mi mirada al televisor, el partido entre los Lakers y los Spurs ya iba a comenzar. Sentí unos pequeños pasos provenir desde atrás y luego una voz a mi costado. - Dinner is ready, Valen – escuché dulcemente - Ok, thanks Emma. Can you ask Pía if she can bring me the food here? The basket match is about to start - Oh, Pía was right. She knew you would ask me that, so she said to me to answer you: \"No, you have to eat here in the kitchen with us. Turn off the TV\" Sonreí y subí mi mirada por encima del mueble buscando a Pía, ella se estaba riendo también. Me comenzó a llamar con sus manos con una sonrisa triunfante en sus labios. - Ok, ok. She wins, I'm turning off the TV – dije entre risas apagando el televisor Me dirigí a la cocina y comenzamos a cenar juntas, Emma en medio de las dos. Era increíble todo lo que una niña de cuatro años podía ver en un simple dibujo de una caída de agua. Yo solo veía una catarata, ella veía todo un mundo nuevo. Pía nos \"resondraba\" a ambas por distraernos y nos paraba repitiendo que primero termináramos la cena. Yo simplemente reía, en cambio Emma apresuraba su paso comiendo. Era por esa rapidez que Emma manchaba sus costados de la boca con restos de comida. Pía cogía una servilleta y las limpiaba sin molestias. Yo, con picardía, también me manché a propósito, pero solo recibí una sonrisa coqueta y un \"no\" con la cabeza de mi prometida. Ante su coqueta negación, le puse un \"pucherito\" triste. Ella se llevó una mano a la boca para esconder su risa. - Valentina eat please. Look, even little Emma is going to finish before you – decía entre risas - I'm eating, I'm eating – dije defendiéndome entre risas. Emma felizmente no se percataba, se \"perdía\" viendo sus dibujos Terminamos la cena y Emma se llevó su libro y sus colores a la sala, yo me quedé en la cocina a ayudar con los platos a Pía. Yo mantuve el \"pucherito\" mientras lavaba, lo que ocasionaba risas a Pía y por ello me daba leves empujoncitos. Yo me acercaba a ella para besarla, pero ella retrocedía y luego miraba a la sala, en donde se encontraba Emma. Yo hacía gestos de \"no está viendo, está concentrada pintando\", pero Pía solo me sonreía coquetamente y me decía \"no\" con la cabeza. Ese gesto solo hacía que yo deseara más chocar nuestros labios, ella lo sabía. Terminamos de lavar lo usado y luego nos dirigimos con Emma a la sala. Yo me senté en el asiento de antes, que daba de espaldas a la cocina, a ver la TV. En el partido entre los Lakers y los Spurs ya estaba por acabar el segundo tiempo. Pía, en cambio, se sentó junto a Emma y comenzaron a hablar de lo que pintaba. El entre-tiempo del partido llegó, por lo que me puse a hacer \"zapping\" entre los canales esperando encontrar algo entretenido hasta que el juego continuara… un consejo: nunca hagas zapping si tienes a una niña de 4 años a tu costado… En medio de mi cambio de canales, pasé unos segundos por el canal \"Discovery Kids\", una canción se había escuchado a la cual yo no le había prestado importancia, pero al parecer sonó lo suficiente como para que Emma dejara de pintar y me exigiera volver al canal. Comencé entonces a retroceder los canales, la verdad, como dije antes, no sabía exactamente qué era lo que había escuchado la pequeña Emma. - There, there! – gritó Emma cuando llegué al canal \"Discovery Kids\" – The Backyardigans! – dijo sonriendo mientras guardaba sus colores y cerraba su libro Se sentó atenta y comenzó a mover sus manos imitando a los personajes del programa que entonaban una canción. Pía llevó la cartuchera y el libro a la mesa y luego se volvió a sentar con Emma. Los minutos pasaban y Emma no me dejaba cambiar ni siquiera en los reclames. Pía se reía de mí en mis \"discusiones\" con Emma sobre el canal. Pensando que no podía ser peor, en uno de los comerciales se anunció: \"And now you continue with \"24 hours with The Backyardigans\" here in Discovery Kids\". - Yay! It's a marathon! – decía sonriendo muy feliz Emma - Yay.. – dije yo sonriendo sarcásticamente. Pía se seguía riendo de mí Los minutos siguieron pasando. Emma ya no tenía la misma intensidad con la que empezó a ver el programa, de hecho, se había recostado en Pía con los ojos medio abiertos-medio cerrados. Era obvio, apenas ella tenía cuatro años y ya eran más de las diez de la noche. Decidí esperar unos minutos más para que Emma terminara de caer definitivamente en los brazos de Morfeo. Lo que no había notado era que mi morena también había cogido sueño y estaba medio adormecida, yo había sido la única sobreviviente. Solté una sonrisa triunfante solo audible para mí misma y volví mi mirada al televisor. La preguntaba que me rondaba era qué se fumaban los Backyardigans para imaginar tales aventuras en su patio trasero. El programa se fue a reclames nuevamente y aproveché ese momento para volverles a dar una mirada. Pía había terminado echada en el mueble con los ojos cerrados y Emma se encontraba a su costado acurrucada en ella, también durmiendo. Era imposible no sonreír ante tal ternura. Bajé el volumen de la TV a uno poco audible. Me paré lentamente tratando de hacer el menor ruido posible y me acerqué a Emma. Comencé a alzarla desde el cuello y las piernas cuando sentí una alteración de Pía. \"Shhh\" le dije señalando con mi mirada uno de los cuartos indicándole que ya llevaría a Emma a dormir. Pía me asintió con la cabeza y la sentí levantarse del mueble mientras yo llevaba a Emma a la habitación que no ocupábamos. Pía me alcanzó en el cuarto y removió las sábanas. Coloqué suavemente a Emma en la cama, le escuché un pequeño quejido pero inmediatamente luego la vi aferrarse a la almohada y sentirse cómoda. Sin darme cuenta, Pía había traído a la habitación la maleta que nos había entregado Omar y sacó un peluche. Se lo colocó a su costado y casi por instinto, Emma lo abrazó. Le coloqué las sábanas hasta por debajo del hombro y luego, con una sonrisa boba, ambas nos retiramos del cuarto. Me acerqué rápidamente al mueble, cogí el control y, sin sentarme, cambié al canal de básquet. El partido acababa de terminar con los Lakers como vencedores. - Ya verás el resumen mañana – decía Pía abrazándome por detrás - Sí… supongo – dije apagando resignada la TV Nos cogimos de las manos y nos dirigimos a nuestra habitación. Felizmente las camas del depa eran de dos plazas. Nunca supimos por qué las ponían tan grandes si se supone que solo duerme una persona en el cuarto… pero bueno, no nos importaba porque al fin y al cabo nos convenía: dormíamos pegaditas con la comodidad de tenernos y sentirnos cerca… aunque, claro, a veces no dormíamos... A la mañana siguiente desperté porque sentía mucho espacio libre en la cama. Subí mi mirada y, todavía con mis ojos achinaditos, pude ver las 9:13am en el reloj. Los domingos no poníamos alarma, descansábamos hasta que el cuerpo nos pidiese comida o algo. Iba a gritar el nombre de mi prometida para saber dónde estaba, pero no hizo falta debido a que el sonido del agua en la ducha lo decía todo. Mis ojos rápidamente se despertaron. Me levanté de la cama y me dirigí al baño. Abrí la puerta y pude observar la silueta de Pía a través de las cortinas de la ducha. - Valentina? - Esperabas a alguien más? – le dije coquetamente acercándome - No, cómo se te ocurre – me dijo riendo sacando su cabeza entre las cortinas - Como no me avisaste que te meterías a la ducha… – le dije mientras me quitaba el polo - Ey, ey, qué haces - Ahm, qué parece que estoy haciendo? Me quito la ropa para entrar contigo – dije riendo - No, no, Valentina, no podemos. Emma está acá al costado – me respondió sonriendo - Ay, pero está dormida - No, igual, Valen. Puede entrar en cualquier momento y le ocasionaríamos un trauma de por vida - Pero ver que dos personas se amen no tiene nada de malo - Ay, sí… No, Valen – decía sonriendo – Anda afuera - Pero Pía… – dije a modo de queja - Afuera señorita - Pía! - Pía nada, Valentina - Cuando Emma no esté, me las cobraré toditas – le dije coquetamente - Con gusto aceptaré mis castigos – respondió con esa sonrisa que me derretía Me volví a colocar el polo y me acerqué a ella para darle un ligero beso. Fue en verdad muy ligero porque estoy segura de que si me quedaba más tiempo, no hubiese podido detener mis instintos. Salí del baño y me tiré a la cama. Al cabo de tan solo unos cuantos segundos, sentí que alguien abría la puerta de la habitación. Alcé mi cabeza y vi a Emma. - Where is my uncle? He hadn't told me a story last night and I haven't seen him – decía con su tierna voz todavía un poco soñolienta - Oh, don't worry. He arrived late here yesterday and you were already in the bed so he didn't want to wake you up. Today, early in the morning, he went out to an appointment he had, but he'll be back in few hours - He is always working, working, working. He needs a rest - I'm sure he does, but you know your uncle, he likes working. Being a music producer is his passion - Yeah… And where´s Pía? - She is taking a shower – dije señalándole el baño – And you? Are you gonna take a shower? - No, please! I don't want to, please! - Calm down – dije riendo al ver su reacción – Why? - I don't know… I've never liked it… please don't make me do it… - Well, you should take it… I mean, is hot in here, and feeling the fresh water in your body is really delicious - But I don't want to, please, please - Ok, ok. I'm not going to force you in anything, but only for this time. Next time you will take a bath without complaining, ok? - Ok… - Hmm… Are you hungry? – Emma asintió – Ok, then let's go to the kitchen and prepare something – le dije sonriendo cogiéndola de la mano Nos dirigimos a la cocina, saqué el pan, freí algunos huevos y preparé un jugo surtido. Saqué dos vasos y un plato. Serví el jugo y le dejé dos panes con huevo en el plato a Emma. En esos instantes, mi prometida salió de la habitación con su cabello todavía un poco húmedo. Se acercó a nosotras y le ofrecí lo que había preparado. Les di un beso en las frentes a ambas y luego me dirigí a mi habitación para yo también poder bañarme. Al salir, encontré a Emma viendo la TV y a Pía en la cocina en el lavadero. - Necesitas ayuda? – le pregunté estampando un beso en su cuello - Valen! – dijo con sorpresa – cuidado, ahí está Emma - Ay, pero fue un simple besito - En el cuello - Pero igual fue simple - Ay contigo Valentina – dijo terminando de lavar lo último - Qué, no he hecho nada – dije riendo - Te amo loquita - Te amo exageradita – dije robándole un rápido beso en los labios - Valeeeen - Lo siento, mis impulsos – me excusé riendo – Oye verdad, pensaba salir al centro de juegos con Emma hoy, para que no se aburra aquí en la casa, te parece bien? - Sí, sí, tiene que estar lo mayor entretenida posible - Ok, le diré para que empiece a cambiarse de una vez. Vienes, no? - Claro, pásale la voz mientras me alisto Enseguida fui a avisarle que saldríamos a Emma y se puso muy contenta con la idea. Se dirigió a su cuarto y se cambió la ropa. Apagué la TV, me arreglé un poco al cabello, me eché perfume y volví a la sala a esperar a Emma. Pía también ya estaba lista con las llaves en la mano. Emma salió con una sonrisa inmensa y así las tres nos dirigimos al centro de juegos. Llegamos al gigante centro comercial y estuvimos caminando y caminando por los diferentes sitios y tiendas. Emma se divertía y sorprendía fácilmente con las cosas grandes, su cara de asombro era única. Caminamos más o menos por tres horas por el centro comercial, simplemente conversando y riendo, Emma la estaba pasando bien, eso era lo importante. Debido a la hora, nos dirigimos al patio de comidas y pedimos hamburguesas por orden estricta de Emma. Ya después de descansar bien el almuerzo, ahora sí empezamos nuestra ruta hacia el centro de juegos que se encontraba tan solo un poco más allá del patio de comidas. Este \"parque de juegos\" tenía el tamaño de un local regular de fast-food y contenía mini-laberintos para niños de hasta 8 años. Estos mini-laberinto contenían \"piscinas\" de pelotas pequeñas, mini naves espaciales, espacios para trepar y diversos pequeños juegos para niños. Era como una inmensa jaula de diversión en la que los niños se divertían como nunca. Había bancas alrededor de esta \"jaula\" para que los padres u apoderados pudieran ver a sus niños. Estuvimos ahí Pía y yo sentadas viendo cómo Emma se divertía junto a otros niños. Pasaban las horas y ella no salía, seguía jugando. Miré mi reloj y ya eran las 19:38. Pía estuvo de acuerdo conmigo en que ya era hora de volver al Condo. Gentilmente Pía fue a sacar a Emma del centro de juegos y aunque, renegando al principio, la pequeña salió al cabo de unos minutos. Volvimos al patio de comidas a cenar algo, pero esta vez nada de comida chatarra. Terminamos y volvimos a casa. A pesar de haber estado muy activa en todo el día, Emma todavía no quería dormir. Eran poco más de las 20:30, era entendible que no tuviera sueño todavía. Cogí mi guitarra y empecé a practicar la última canción que acababa de terminar de componer días atrás. Noté que Pía y Emma estaban riendo en nuestra habitación. De tan solo imaginármelas, una sonrisa se formaba en mis labios con ternura. It's crazy, crazy, how lovely you are. It's crazy, crazy, how lovely you are. I'm so crazily in love… Habían pasado algo de cuarenta minutos cuando, en medio de mi práctica, sentí a Emma aproximarse a mí entre sollozos. - What happens Em? – pregunté intrigada y triste dejando mi guitarra a un lado Emma no paraba de llorar y no me daba una respuesta. - Qué ha pasado? Qué le has hecho Valentina? – dijo Pía que venía corriendo hacia mí desde la habitación - Qué? Yo no he hecho nada, ella ha venido llorando desde el cuarto donde han estado ustedes juntas - Me fui un rato al baño, le había estado relatando cuentos para que agarrara sueño. La dejé bien – respondió ahora también intrigada - What's the matter Em? Are you feeling ok? What's wrong? – seguí preguntando \"al aire\" debido a que no recibía respuesta - Emma talk to us, why are you crying? – le preguntó Pía secando sus lágrimas. Tampoco recibió una diferente respuesta, solo lágrimas Pía me miró con una mirada triste de \"no sé qué hacer\". Inmediatamente una idea vino a mí. Cogí mi guitarra, acomodé los acordes y empecé a entonar \"I'll stand by you\" de Carrie Underwood… Oh, why you look so sad? Tears are in your eyes – me senté en el mueble – Come on and come to me now – Pía rápidamente cargó a Emma y se sentó a mi lado con ella en sus piernas – Don't be ashamed to cry. Let me see you through 'cause I've seen the dark side too. When the night falls on you, you don't know what to do – Pía seguía todavía secando las lágrimas de Emma que ya iban disminuyendo – Nothing you confess could make me love you less. I'll stand by you, I'll stand by you. Won't let nobody hurt you. I'll stand by you. So, if you're mad, get mad, don't hold it all inside. Come on and talk to me now – le dediqué una sonrisa sincera, ya se le veía más calmada– Hey, what you got to hide? I get angry too, well I'm a lot like you – le mostré nuevamente una sonrisa y ella esta vez me la devolvió - When you're standing at the crossroads and don't know which path to choose – Pía le dio un tierno beso en su mejilla – let me come along 'cause even if you're wrong… I'll stand by you, I'll stand by you. Won't let nobody hurt you. I'll stand by you. Take me in into your darkest hour and I'll never desert you. I'll stand by you – Emma ya empezaba a sonreir. Mi Pía también lo hacía – And when... when the night falls on you, baby, you're feeling all alone, you won't be on your own. I'll stand by you, I'll stand by you. Won't let nobody hurt you. I'll stand by you. Take me in into your darkest hour and I'll never desert you – Sus ojos seguían un poco rojos, pero ya las lágrimas habían cesado y se le veía con su semblante usual – I'll stand by you, I'll stand by you and I'll never desert you. I'll stand by you, I'll stand by you. Won't let nobody hurt you. I'll stand by you, I'll stand by you and I'll never desert you. I'll stand by you, I'll stand by you. Won't let nobody hurt you. I'll stand by you… - And…? – pregunté al cabo de unos segundos – feeling better now? - Yeah… – respondía Emma tímidamente - So? Can you tell us what made you cry? – decía Pía abrazándola - You will get mad at me… – respondió Emma bajando la mirada - No, no, of course we won't – dije cogiendo su mentón y uniendo nuestras miradas – Emma, is impossible to get angry with you - Are you sure..? - Yeah, Em – decía Pía sonriendo – I give you my word. We won't get mad - Ok… Well, the thing is that… I… – dijo dando una pausa – broke the frame of the photo that was on the little desk beside the bed. The glass got broken in the photograph where you both are hugging each other… - Oh – dije recordando la foto que Pía y yo teníamos en la habitación – Were you crying for that? – pregunté sonriendo - Yeah… It seemed like an important photo… I'm sorry… - It's ok – dijo Pía – You're right, it is an important photo for us, but… – dijo parándose del mueble – I want you both to come with me, follow me Pía nos estrechó ambas manos a Emma y a mí. Dejé mi guitarra a un lado y la acompañé. Llegamos a la habitación y desde la puerta pude observar como nuestra foto estaba en el suelo. El marco apenas se veía dañado, pero el vidrio que mostraba la foto se había rajado. - Take a sit – dijo Pía Yo me senté y coloqué a Emma en mis piernas. Ambas veíamos cómo Pía se agachaba por la foto. - Look, Emma – explicaba mientras sacaba la foto del vidrio – The important thing is not outside but inside it. The photo frame doesn't matter, we can buy a new one. I care about the inside, about this – dijo enseñándole la foto que se encontraba en perfecto estado – As you can see, it have no damages. - What Pía is trying to say is that you can change all the times you want the outside, because the inside is the only that matters. And even if you accidentally would have broken the photo, we wouldn't be mad at you. Everyone make mistakes, nobody is perfect, except Pía – dije mirándola entre risas. Ambas rieron conmigo, Pía sonrojada – So, don't be sad, ok? - Ok… Can I have a hug? – decía Emma - Of course! – gritó Pía poniéndose de pie y formando un abrazo grupal con nosotras - Ok, enough – dije rompiendo el abrazo al cabo de varios segundos – It's pretty late now. I think it's time for you to go to sleep, little Em Pía volteó a ver el reloj: ya era un poco tarde para una niña de su edad. Emma dio un bostezo y dejó que la cargara hasta el otro cuarto. Dejamos que se cambiara a su pijama rápidamente y luego nos sentamos en la cama junto a ella. Pía comenzó a terminarle de contar la historia en la que se habían quedado. Lentamente la mirada de Emma se iba cerrando con el paso de los minutos y de la historia hasta que finalmente, cerró sus ojos y entró al mundo de los sueños. Noté que Pía volteó su mirada a mí, yo no me había dado cuenta que durante la mayor parte del cuento, me había embobado con el rostro de mi prometida. Ella me sonrió y se sonrojó, creo que yo también. Me paré de la cama y le estreché mi mano a Pía. Ella cogió mi mano y nos dirigimos a nuestra habitación. - Me gustaba ese marco – dije una vez adentro sentándome en la cama - Ay, Valen, no importa, compraremos uno parecido - Sí, lo bueno es que la foto no se dañó, ya ha resistido muchas caídas - Muchas? Demasiadas diría yo. La has botado demasiadas veces - Ey! Pero no es mi culpa, tú eres la que provoca que me desenfrene. Mis manos y brazos se ponen locos y pues terminan chocando de casualidad con la foto - Ahora es mi culpa? Pues entonces evitaremos las noches desenfrenadas – dijo coquetamente - Pía – dije en tono de reclamo con una sonrisa – No te preocupes por los marcos, tenemos dinero para comprar todos los que necesitemos - Ahí sí, no? – me dijo riendo mientras me daba un ligero beso – Hasta mañana, Valen, te amo - Hasta mañana Pía – dije volviendo a juntar nuestros labios. Esta vez nos quedamos unos minutos besándonos en la cama, pero sin subir la intensidad – También te amo y mucho – dije finalmente rompiendo el beso Me sonrió y luego se acomodó en la cama de espaldas a mí. Cogí su cintura por detrás, nos coloqué las sábanas y cerré los ojos. Varias horas después, mi mente comenzó a despertarse lentamente con reclamo, algo me había estado despertando. - Pía… – escuchaba una voz no muy clara decir – Pía… – insistía la voz más clara ya, no había duda que estaba llorosa - Emma… – escuché decir mientras sentía leves empujoncitos en mi estómago. Lentamente fui abriendo mis ojos – what's the matter sweetie? - I've had a nightmare… a real ugly one… - Awww, it's ok, everything is ok. Nightmares are just on our imagination, they aren't real – Pía estrechó sus brazos y Emma se le trepó encima en un instante – Wow, easy Em… We're here for you. You don't have to worry about anything, we're protecting you La manera en que Emma se aferraba al cuerpo de Pía era realmente tierna. Acomodé mi cuerpo y me uní al abrazo de las dos. Estuvimos sin decir palabra alguna durante unos minutos, esperando a que fuera la pequeña Emma quien decidiese cuando detenerse. - Can I… Can I sleep with you? - Sure – le respondí a Emma mientras miraba cómo mi morena me sonreía – You don't even have to ask it, you can spend the night with us all the times you want – dije sonriéndole - Yeah, get in here – dijo Pía cargándola a la cama y colocándola entre ambas – Try to sleep, ok? – le aconsejó mientras le colocaba las sábanas encima – If you have any problem, just wake us up – Emma cerró sus ojos con una sonrisa - Thanks Valen, Pía. Good night - Good night little Em – dije acomodando sus cabellos, luego miré a Pía – Te amo – dije solo con los labios, nada audible. Ella me sonrió y me mandó un beso volado Me acomodé en la cama y volví a cerrar mis ojos, creo que me dormí casi al instante porque no recuerdo nada más. A la mañana siguiente, me desperté más temprano de lo usual, ¿tal vez por no estar acostumbrada a tener una pequeña personita adicional en la cama? No lo sé, no me importaba. Ver dormir a aquellas dos angelitas era simplemente hermoso. Me levanté haciendo el menor ruido posible y me dirigí a la cocina: quería sorprender a mis dos ángeles con el desayuno en la cama. Preparé un jugo de naranja, puse algunos panes de molde en un plato grande, saqué mermelada y mantequilla y las coloqué en sus especiales recipientes. Comencé a escuchar ruidos de madera de cama que provenían de la habitación, por lo que apresuré mi paso y coloqué todo en una bandeja y me dirigí al cuarto. Pía estaba semi-recostada estirándose en la cama, Emma todavía seguía echada. - Ya está despierta? – le pregunté a Pía por Emma - Sí, solo está desperezándose, igual que yo – dijo sonriendo mirando el desayuno - Con los ojos cerrados? – dije colocando la bandeja en el pequeño mueble que se encontraba al costado de la cama - Em, Emma – decía Pía moviéndola – Time to wake up, lazy girl. It's 9am - I'm awake, I'm awake – decía levantándose en la cama con un poco de flojera – Good morning – dijo estirando sus brazos Ambas le respondimos el saludo, luego yo acerqué la bandeja a la cama y me senté en la misma. Emma puso una sonrisa de oreja a oreja e inmediatamente se sirvió un poco de jugo y empezó a llenar sus panes. Lo mismo hacíamos Pía y yo. Ya estábamos por terminar el desayuno entre chistes y risas, cuando escuchamos el timbre de la puerta sonar. - Coming! – grité dejando mi vaso sobre la bandeja y dirigiéndome a la puerta – Hey! – grité emocionada abrazando a Omar después de abrir la puerta – qué tal? Qué bueno que estés de vuelta! - Tan mal se ha portado Emma? – decía riendo Fuster - No, para nada! Ha sido toda una angelita - Sigue durmiendo? - No, no. Hace media hora que ya está despierta. Está con Pía en la habitación - Se dio siquiera cuenta de mi ausencia? - Sí, preguntó mucho por ti. Pía y yo le decíamos que habías ido un rato a la disquera o que habías ido a comprar o que habías ido abajo a hablar con alguien… cosas así. Emma nos creía demasiado fácil, me dolía incluso seguirle mintiendo – dije riendo - Jeje así puedes ver la confianza que les tiene a ustedes. Lo que digan, ella lo asume como verdad - Cierto… no lo había visto así - Uncle? – decía Emma saliendo del cuarto tímidamente – Uncle! - Em! – decía Omar abrazando a su sobrina Pía también salió de la habitación y se acercó a mí, ambas los mirábamos enternecidas. Emma le recriminó muy lindamente el porqué de sus \"pequeñas\" ausencias, decía que lo había extrañado mucho. Omar solo decía que era por trabajo y cosas así, Emma le creía. Le invitamos a desayunar con nosotras y Omar aceptó. Se quedaron poco más de veinte minutos cuando decidió que ya debían irse. Emma fue a su cuarto a recoger su maleta y Omar, Pía y yo nos quedamos hablando. - Buenas noticias, Valentina. A mis superiores les ha encantado tu trabajo, nos han renovado la confianza y… nos darán el apoyo económico para poder lanzar tus canciones en Colombia! - Wao, eso es genial! – gritó Pía mientras me abrazaba. Yo le correspondí el abrazo a medias, había quedado un poco en shock - Y eso no es todo… también conseguí el permiso que te prometí para que se puedan ir ambas por una semana de vacaciones a Massachusetts - No puede ser! En serio? – dije reaccionando. Omar asintió – Wao, esto es perfecto! – dije dándole un beso ligero a Pía – Gracias Omar, te pasaste! - No hay de qué, ustedes se lo merecen – me respondió – Ya tienen todos los trámites listos, no? - Sí, sí… Nos conseguiste los certificados de residencia de dos años en Massachusetts? - Sí! – dijo soltando una inmensa sonrisa – Aunque me costó un poco, pero tengo mis contactos - No sé cómo agradecértelo Omar! – decía Pía abrazándolo – Eres demasiado! – yo me uní al abrazo - No tienen qué agradecer – dijo sonriendo – Pero bueno, ya basta, mejor alisten sus cosas y vayan lo antes posible. Recuerda Valentina que en una semana volveríamos a los ensayos - Sí, sí! Y trabajaré como nunca, créeme! – dije todavía muy emocionada - I'm ready, uncle – dijo Emma saliendo de su habitación - Ok, then let's go home – dijo sonriendo – Gracias chicas y no se olviden de darme una cuando estén por salir a Massachusetts para avisarle a los demás para alcanzarlas allá - Tranquilo, solo será por civil, no tiene que haber gente – dijo Pía sonriendo - Pero igual, mínimo habrá una celebración luego, aunque sea pequeña, o no? - Claro, sí, tienes razón. Pero a lo civil solo tú y Jeff como testigos, no vaya a ser que los demás hagan bulla y nos boten – dije riendo - Sí, sí, también pienso lo mismo. Que se queden en el depa que alquiles hasta que regresemos una vez que ustedes ya se hayan casado - Ajá, eso estaba pensando – dijo mi morena - Listo, ya coordinamos mañana, nos vemos chicas. Gracias nuevamente - Gracias a ti Omar! Nos vemos – dije mientras los acompañábamos a la puerta - I don't like when you speak spanish – decía Emma mientras se iba con Omar - Why? - Because I don't understand a word of it! I feel kinda lost. Imagine you… - fue lo último que alcancé a escuchar antes de cerrar la puerta - Adoro esa sonrisa que tienes – le dije a mi prometida - Es inevitable tenerla! Nos vamos a Massachusetts y tenemos todo listo! - Solo faltan los equipajes, los pasajes, los certificados que me tiene que dar Omar… - Ay tonta! Me refiero en lo general – dijo colocando sus brazos en mi cuello – Al fin podremos ser… mujer y mujer - Pero – dije enredando mis brazos en su cintura – yo ya soy tu mujer desde hace meses - Ah sí? – dijo coquetamente - Qué, necesitas más pruebas? - Tal vez … – dijo acercando rápidamente sus labios hacia los míos El beso empezó muy gentil, pero con el paso de los minutos se tornó intenso, muy intenso. Pía detuvo el beso amablemente, me sonrió, se levantó del mueble y se dirigió a nuestra habitación. No me quedé atrás y fui inmediatamente a darle el alcance… Pasaron las horas y, luego de demostrarnos amor, nos dimos una ducha juntas. - Claro, como no vas a trabajar, no te importa que yo vaya a llegar tarde al trabajo, no? – me preguntó riendo mientras se cambiaba - Qué! No es mi culpa de que TÚ me pongas esas miradas irresistibles – yo también me colocaba ropa - Bueno es tu culpa por caer muy rápido! – dijo sonriendo - Ya son la 1pm! Tengo media hora para llegar al café/heladería y dar todo de mí para convencer a mi jefe a que me dé una semana libre - Seguro te la dará, has sido dos veces la \"employee of the month\". Tu récord es perfecto en asistencia. Y si no te lo da, renuncias. Al fin y al cabo, dinero no nos hace falta - Renuncia… claro – seguía riendo – Y qué hago después en las tardes mientras espero a que salgas de la disquera? - Uhmm… no sé, ese es tu problema – dije riendo - Ay, te amo! – dijo \"renegando\" plantándome un beso ligero - Yo te adoro! Pero vamos, vamos – dije cogiendo las llaves del auto – O tu récord de asistencia tendrá una… TARDANZA tan-tan-tan – dije poniéndole énfasis - Ay Valen! esto de no ir al trabajo te está afectando – me dijo riendo - Tú, tú, alteraste mi quietud! … Oye, suena bien para una canción - Aish! Vamos de una vez! - Jajajaja siempre me pones así! – dije riendo y saliendo de la habitación - Te aguantará la cordura hasta que seamos ancianitas? – dijo riendo siguiéndome - Quién sabe… estando tú a mi lado no creo – dije cogiendo su mano y dirigiéndonos al estacionamiento Llegamos a los veinte minutos al lugar de trabajo de Pía. Rápidamente se colocó su traje y empezó a alistarse para empezar a trabajar, era mesera de aquel grande y concurrido café/heladería. Yo me senté en una de las mesas que daba a una parte de las ventanas con vista hacia las calles. Tenía pensado esperar a Pía hasta que acabe su turno y le pida el permiso a su jefe. Estaría entretenida pues estaría viendo a mi prometida y de paso aquel era un buen lugar para escribir una canción, sobre todo si tienes a tu inspiración e ideas cerca. De vez en cuando subía mi mirada para alumbrarme con la sonrisa de mi morena, pero muchas veces la hallaba sonriéndole a otra de las meseras, que sin negarlo era muy bonita, mientras servía los postres o aperitivos a los clientes. Me molestaba que ESA sonrisa alguien más la recibiera. Obviamente no era como ella me la daba a mí, con todo el sentimiento de enamorada, sino que parecía como si se rieran de algo del trabajo, pero aún así los celos se hacían presentes. No armé ningún escándalo, yo confiaba en Pía y se veía a distancia que solo reía como amiga con su compañera, sin embargo esa punzadita de celos en el pecho fastidiaba, pero le encontré una buena solución: servía para darme ideas para la canción que se me había ocurrido ese mismo día. Más o menos a las 6:20pm Pía se acercó a la mesa en la que me encontraba. - Amor, ya en 10 minutos termina mi turno, así que inmediatamente iré a hablar con el jefe y vuelvo en cuanto termine. Estarás aquí, no? - Sí, sí - Okey, ya vengo – dijo dándose la vuelta - Espera – dije cogiéndola del brazo – Te amo. Lo sabes, cierto? - … Claro que lo sé. Y Yo también te amo a ti – dijo como queriendo reír un poco confundida – Te amo a ti y solo a ti Valentina Rubiales – dijo dándome un ligero beso en los labios, luego se fue con una sonrisa Ni siquiera sabía por qué de la nada le había dicho aquel \"te amo\", supongo que habrían sido los celos, pero no importaba, nunca está de más expresar un sincero \"te amo\". Al cabo de media hora, la vi salir y dirigirse hacia mí con una sonrisa. La abracé inmediatamente mientras me decía \"nos vamos, nos vamos!\" con una alegría inmensa. El público alrededor nos comenzó a mirar raro con cara de interrogantes, por lo que nos detuvimos en el efusivo abrazo y salimos del local. Me comenzó a contar cómo había convencido a su jefe y los detalles del permiso. Solo tenía, al igual que yo en la disquera, una semana exacta libre. Nuevamente nos abrazamos, no nos quisimos despegar por varios minutos. Gentilmente rompió el abrazo y con una sonrisa volvió a entrar al local a quitarse el traje. Se despidió de sus compañeros y luego salió a mi encuentro, yo ya me hallaba en el interior del auto. Como Boston (Massachusetts) se encontraba a tan solo 4 horas de recorrido desde nuestra posición, decidimos viajar solo en nuestro Toyota Yaris sin necesidad de comprar boletos en alguna terminal terrestre. Nos dirigimos rápidamente a nuestro depa y ya a las 7pm nos encontrábamos en el Condo haciendo las maletas. Terminamos de alistar todo y nos echamos exhaustas en la cama, saldríamos a la mañana siguiente a primera hora. A la mañana siguiente, la alerta del reloj comenzó a sonar: eran las 8am. Desperté suavemente a Pía y con una sonrisa le dije \"ya es hora\". Nos dimos un duchazo rápido y luego, dándole una última rápida mirada al depa, nos retiramos del mismo con una sonrisa. Recogí los papeles que necesitábamos en la recepción que Omar nos había conseguido. Luego de ello, todo estaba listo, ya podíamos irnos. En el trayecto no ocurrió nada interesante, solo escuchábamos música a todo volumen y cantábamos, la emoción se sentía desde lejos. Llegamos después de 4 horas a Boston y para nuestra suerte conseguimos un depa cómodo pequeño a un precio accesible. Desempacamos lo necesario y luego salimos a organizar la boda. Pasamos una hora eligiendo el ayuntamiento que más nos convenía y los detalles y, una vez que todo estuvo listo, llamé a Omar para que les avise a los demás que nuestra boda se realizaría en 6 horas. Luego de ello, llevé a Pía a comer a una pizzería . Las pizzas eran sagradas para nosotras, nos hacía recordar mucho a nuestra primera cita no oficial como novias. El ambiente nuevo de Boston era tranquilo, apacible, todo parecía perfecto para nuestra unión. Volvimos a nuestro depa y comenzamos a repasar algunos detalles. Pía se fue en cuanto llegaron Omar y algunos de nuestros amigos. Iría primero a un salón de belleza para hacerse un peinado especial, luego de ello se colocaría el vestido que habíamos comprado para la ocasión y después de ello iría al ayuntamiento en donde yo ya la estaría esperando para contraer nupcias. Yo, mientras tanto, me entretenía con nuestros amigos en el depa, como éramos músicos, todos cantábamos algunos de nuestros sencillos. Al cabo más o menos de una hora, Omar, Jeff y yo nos decidimos retirar del depa. Les pedí a los demás que no hicieran caos en el depa en mi ausencia y les avisé que estaríamos de vuelta apenas termine de casarme con Pía. Todos me desearon suerte y luego nos retiramos Omar, Jeff y yo del departamento rumbo al ayuntamiento. Los minutos pasaron y la hora más importante de mi vida había llegado, mi reloj-pulsera marcaba las 7pm. Omar se encontraba a mi lado en el local junto a Jeff, ambos estaban vestidos con terno como miembros de testigo para la unión. El hombre del registro civil también estaba listo… sin embargo, lo más importante faltaba: los minutos pasaban y Pía no llegaba . Esos pequeños minutos se fueron alargando: 7:27pm y no había rastro de Pía. Le pedí a Jeff mi celular para fijarme si había alguna llamada perdida o mensaje… pero nada. Llamé a Pía, le mandé mensajes, pero al parecer su celular estaba apagado. Interrogantes comenzaron a cruzar mi mente y mi desesperación, con el paso de los minutos, se comenzó a hacer notoria. Las bodas por civil no suelen demorar, solo es cosa de estampar las firmas y listo. Yo solo me había ordenado el cabello, puesto un poco de maquillaje por Pía y había cogido el único vestido que tenía. Sin embargo, ella había insistido en hacerse un peinado especial y \"llegar con sorpresa\" al ayuntamiento. Yo, por complacerla, no le había negado nada de lo que ella deseaba para este día… Ahora eran las 7:38pm y no había boda, no había pareja, solo estaba yo… El señor de registro civil dijo que la unión ya no se podía prolongar más, pero yo le seguía rogando que esperase un momento, que en cualquier minuto mi prometida aparecería por la puerta… pero eso no pasaba… ¿Se habría arrepentido? No, eso era imposible. Ella fue la que siempre quiso esto, nos amábamos y eso nos lo habíamos demostrado en estos meses… ¿Tal vez haya \"reaccionado\" y decidido que era muy rápido? No, de ninguna manera, cierto?... - Valen… – escuché decir a Jeff – Valen… - Qué! – le grité un poco agitada saliendo de mis pensamientos - Tu celular está vibrando, es un número desconocido el que te está llamando - Dame, dame – dije alcanzándole mi mano – Hello? – dije respondiendo el teléfono - Cómo estás, Valentina? – decía una voz masculina presuntuosa - Ah? Con quién hablo? - Uy… No me reconoces? – dijo entre risas - … - Estamos mal, estamos mal – mi mente empezó a reconocer esa voz – Te dice algo… – dijo dando una pequeña pausa con una risa – … el apellido Linares ? ... to be continued...[Chapter 16] Katralita : Me alegra que te guste! Kike sí viene por venganza ;D Espero que te guste esta segunda parte (: 14789635 : Aww, yo también extraño escribir, la Universidad me exprime mucho u.u Jajaja, no te preocupes, me alegra que te cause todas esos emociones mi fic, en este capi encontrarás las respuestas :D Nos vemos Araceli! Espero que te guste (: teffah95 : Gracias! Tenía que mezclar ambos idiomas porque están en USA xD Ojalá te guste este nuevo capi! (: Elisabloom : Jajaja lo siento! xD Que adoptaran sería hermoso, pero tenía esta sorpresita, le da más drama (: Espero que te guste! Gracias, suerte a ti también. AleeP : A mí me alegra que todavía haya personas que lo lean (: Aww, sí, sería hermoso, pero siempre tiene que haber drama ;D ladylibra : Aw, qué lindos halagos, me alegra bastanteeee que lo digas (: Ojalá este capi cumpla tus expectativas :D paxhunter13 : jajajajaja un poquito de drama para que se desesperen xD A ver qué opinas de la conti.. Saludos! (: Bueno, perdón por demorar taaaaanto. Pensé que demoraría menos en actualizar, nunca imaginé que la Universidad fuera tan dura. Pero bueno, me dio un respiro para poder escribir y así poder continuarles esta historia, espero que les agrade :D Ojalá pueda tener más tiempo y más ideas para seguir continuando este fic porque aunque ha pasado mucho tiempo, yo sigo esperando una 2da temporada, algo iluso, no? Pero no importa. Gracias por los reviews, nos vemos! (: - … Te dice algo… – dijo dando una pequeña pausa con una risa – … el apellido Linares ? Mi mundo entero se detuvo cuando escuché esa última palabra. Linares . Mi mirada se detuvo en un punto cualquiera en mi en frente, mi mano sujetaba todavía el celular ligeramente. - Ah, por cierto, Pía te manda saludos Ahí, ahí en ese momento me quedé petrificada, olvidé todo a mi alrededor. Diversos flashes sobre momentos que había compartido con mi prometida comenzaron a pasar en mi mente muy rápidamente, luego la cara de Kike con su estúpida sonrisa de pervertido se posó en mi cabeza. Esa imagen me devolvió a la realidad. - Kike, escúchame bien. Si le haces algo, por más mínimo que sea, te juro que no sobrevives. No sobrevives, me entiendes! – dije gritándole al teléfono -Disculpa? No puedes amenazarme desde tu posición, yo tengo las cartas a mi favor, yo controlo este juego A pesar de tener ira e impotencia y de saber que Kike tenía a Pía, mi mente comenzó a pensar las cosas con la cabeza fría. Era cierto, Linares tenía ventaja, el tenía a mi morena. No podía arriesgarme, aunque era difícil aceptarlo, no podía hacer nada ahora, solo tenía que esperar y seguirle la corriente a Kike. - Qué es lo que quieres, qué buscas, dinero? Yo tengo, puedo dártelo – dije tratando de calmarme a mí misma - Pf! – dijo dando una risa patética – Soy un Linares, no necesito tu sucio dinero. Piensa un poquito más, sé que sabes la respuesta - Dime qué es lo que deseas, yo te lo doy - No quiero que seas tú la que me lo dé. Tú me entiendes, no? Para eso me traje a Pía Miles de insultos rondaron mi mente en tan solo dos segundos. Quería gritarle todos, pero me controlé. No podía dar pasos en falso, no con mi prometida en juego. - Kike, no tienes por qué hacer esto. Por favor, por favor deja a Pía fuera de esto. Ya somos adultos, arreglémoslo como tales. Conversemos, lleguemos a un acuerdo. Hay que resolverlo pacíficamente: Tú me entregas a Pía, yo te doy lo que pidas a cambio de ella y no le aviso nada de esto a la policía, todos ganamos. Por favor, no la involucres a ella - Por favor… Uhmm, ya ves como me vas cambiando las palabras? Me gusta, me gusta - Vamos, por favor Kike, la violencia no resuelve nada - Nadie está siendo violento acá, o sí? Yo solamente quiero continuar un juego que Pía y yo habíamos dejado a medias hace meses. Nos vimos interrumpidos dos veces: primero porque Adela, Brenda y Greta entraron al despacho en el que habíamos estado jugando, la segunda vez tú nos interrumpiste cuando estábamos reanudando el juego en su cuarto… recuerdas? – dijo dando una risa Rápidamente mi mente recordó el día en que las chicas le quitamos a él los verdaderos papeles de la casa de Maca, Pía lo había seducido y luego lo habíamos dejado en ridículo. Luego de ello, también recordé sobre cómo encontré a Kike empujando contra la pared a Pía… \"Pía no está sola, no se meta con ella\" le había gritado yo aquella vez. - Creo que, por tu silencio, sí lo recuerdas – dijo con su voz presumida – Entonces es fácil, yo solo voy a terminar de jugar y luego te la devuelvo La furia entró en mí. Quise gritarle su vida, pero nuevamente me detuve. Observé cómo Omar hablaba con alguien por teléfono y Jeff también. - Pía no es un juguete. No puedes usarla y luego desecharla - No puedo? Quieres apostar? – rió nuevamente - Por favor Kike, solucionemos las cosas, no le hagas daño a Pía, por favor - Qué estarías dispuesta a dar? - Todo - Todo? Segura de ello? - Totalmente - Me gusta tu actitud, me gusta - Habla Kike, solo pide lo que quieras y entrégame a Pía - Tengo entendido que trabajas para la Sony y que has adquirido fama local en Nueva York, es cierto? - … Sí - Si te pidiera las ganancias de lo que sea que ganes en los próximos 5 años, me lo darías? - Sí – dije sin dudar, al instante - Me darías el hermoso auto Yaris negro? - … Sí – dije un poco dudando al principio. ¿Cómo sabía que tenía un Yaris negro? - ¿Me pagarías el alquiler de un departamento todos los meses por los próximos 5 años? - Sí - Valentina, ten cuidado, estás ofreciendo demasiado, tampoco tienes tanto dinero. La mitad de tus ganancias en este medio año, fueron para comprar el carro – me decía Omar - No me importa quedarme en la ruina, quiero a Pía sana y salva – dije después de haber colocado mi mano sobre el celular para que Kike no oyera – No me pidas que me detenga, porque no lo haré – Inmediatamente Omar volvió a su llamada y yo a la mía - Tendríamos que firmar algo, un acuerdo, para asegurarme que ni la policía ni el FBI tomarán cartas en el asunto – prosiguió Linares - Lo firmo - Después de todo no me caes tan mal, Valentina - Dime dónde, cuándo y cómo. Yo traigo los papeles de lo que me hayas pedido y tú me devuelves a Pía sin daños. - Ah? - Tú indícame, yo sigo todas tus instrucciones - Instrucciones para qué? - Cómo que para qué? Para hacer el intercambio - Yo nunca dije nada sobre un intercambio. Ah, es que no te dije, no hay nada que puedas hacer. Yo voy a terminar mi juego con Pía sí o sí. Solo tenía curiosidad por saber qué tanto estabas dispuesta a entregar por tu amorcito. Estoy seguro de que Pía se hubiera enternecido si te hubiera escuchado. Es una lástima que todavía no despierte - Eres un…! - Un qué? Anda dilo, me fascinaría escucharlo - Estás enfermo - Sabes qué? Ya me aburriste y no quiero perder tiempo. Además ya me dio hambre y tengo que comer más de lo normal, porque estaré quemando calorías toooda la noche – rió nuevamente - Si le tocas un pelo a Pía… - Qué, qué me vas a hacer? Seguramente se resistirá al principio, pero después terminará pidiendo más y más… Ese es un don que tenemos los Linares - Eres un cerdo… de la peor calaña - Jajajaja, dime lo que quieras, no me afecta. Hoy tu prometida tendrá su noche de bodas… solo que ¡ups! no será contigo - Eres un… - Hasta mañana Valentina Luego de esas palabras, el sonido de un \"bip\" repetido varias veces comenzó a sonar. Kike \"Veneno\" había colgado. Di un grito de desesperación mientras cogía mis cabellos. - No, no, no! - Valentina, trata de calmarte - Cállate Jeff – dije actuando tontamente – Tú no sabes el peligro que significa que Kike tenga a Pía. No sabes! - No sabré, pero desesperándote y gritando no solucionas nada. No dejes que la ira te domine. Tú conoces a Pía, ella es inteligente - Pero es muy arriesgado… no quiero que le pase nada Jeff – dije mientras lágrimas comenzaban a brotar – No quiero siquiera que recuerde su pasado… no quiero Jeff me abrazó. A pesar de solo tener 20 años, él era muy maduro, era muy comprensivo. - Vayamos al depa, hablemos con los demás. Somos tus amigos y también nos preocupamos por Pía. 10 personas piensan mejor que una y más si somos amigos íntimos, familia - Tienes razón… - Listo chicos – dijo Omar a nuestro atrás – Estuve hablando con unos amigos de Inteligencias, nos podrán ayudar en este caso, además el señor de registro civil ha aceptado reprogramar la boda para otro día. Regresemos al depa Valentina - Eso le estaba diciendo yo – decía Jeff Solamente asentí y los tres salimos del ayuntamiento. Omar nos llevó de vuelta al pequeño departamento que habíamos alquilado Pía y yo en Boston. Llegamos y mis demás amigos nos recibieron con cara de interrogantes, Jeff ya les había dado una llamada explicándoles lo poco que él sabía de lo que había pasado. Hicimos una pequeña ronda en la sala y, con voz deprimida, comencé a contarles sobre Kike y la vinculación y problema que tenía con Pía. Todos me daban palabras de aliento y frases como \"No te preocupes, todo saldrá bien\", \"Pía sabe defenderse\", \"Esto se solucionará\", pero nada me cambiaba el ánimo. Igualmente les agradecí la intención, pero necesitaba despejarme. Cogí mi guitarra, dejé todo lo demás en el depa y salí a la azotea del departamento, unos 3 pisos más arriba. Me senté en una de las sillas que daban a la vista del lugar, todo se veía tranquilo, apacible… nunca habría podido imaginar que Kike secuestraría a Pía minutos antes de nuestra boda. ¿Lo habría planeado antes?, ¿sabía lo de nuestra boda, o fue casualidad?, ¿desde cuándo está libre?, ¿cómo supo que estábamos acá, suerte?, ¿estará en Boston, o en Nueva York?, ¿estará solo o tendrá cómplices?... Tenía muchas preguntas y cero respuestas… Miré el cielo. Las estrellas brillaban hermosamente y la luna en su máximo esplendor me sonreía… Me quebré y lágrimas volvieron a brotar de mis ojos. - ¿Cómo es posible que en el día de nuestras vidas pase esto? ¿Por qué? Todo estaba tan perfecto hoy… por qué se nos tuvo que aparecer ese infeliz! – dije llorando amargamente Trataba de calmarme pero era muy difícil. Los minutos pasaban sin darme cuenta, cuando miré mi celular observé la hora: 8:27pm. Volví mi mirada a la luna… Cogí mi guitarra, sequé mis lágrimas y empezó a tocar los acordes… I know you're somewhere out there, somewhere far away. I want you back, I want you back. My neighbors think I'm crazy, but they don't understand you're all I have, you're all I have – La imagen de una Pía sonriente se posó en mi cabeza – At night, when the stars light up my room, I sit by myself talking to the Moon trying to get to you in hopes you're on the other side talking to me too, or am I a fool who sits alone talking to the moon –La tristeza nuevamente se comenzaba a acrecentar en mí – I'm feeling like I'm famous, the talk of the town. They say I've gone mad, yeah, I've gone mad, but they don't know what I know 'cause when the sun goes down someone's talking back, yeah, they're talking back – Imágenes del fin de semana rodaban por mi mente – At night, when the stars light up my room, I sit by myself talking to the Moon trying to get to you in hopes you're on the other side talking to me too, or am I a fool who sits alone talking to the moon. Do you ever hear me calling? – Lágrimas rodaron por mis mejillas por el hecho de saber de no tener a Pía conmigo – 'Cause every night I'm talking to the moon still trying to get to you in hopes you're on the other side talking to me too, or am I a fool who sits alone talking to the moon. I know you're somewhere out there, somewhere far away… - Valentina… Traté de secar rápidamente mis lágrimas antes de girar mi cabeza. - Omar, yo te agradezco todo lo que estás haciendo, pero de verdad siento que quiero estar sola - Sí, yo sé, te comprendo, pero te tengo noticias - De Pía? - Sí - Habla! No me des preámbulos! – dije cambiando radicalmente mi tono de voz - Hablé con mis amigos de Inteligencia, el número del que te llamaron es un teléfono público ubicado en una gasolinería en el camino de Boston a Nueva York - Kike se está llevando a Pía a Nueva York - Eso no lo sabemos, sabemos que está llevando esa ruta, puede que se vaya más allá aún Mi mente comenzó a recordar partes de la conversación. - Él sabía que tengo un Yaris negro y que tengo algo de fama en NY, eso quiere decir que nos ha estado observando, espiando. Estaba esperando el mejor momento para secuestrarla - O tal vez esperaba el momento en el que Pía estuviese sola… Porque ustedes siempre SIEMPRE están juntas, Valentina. Solo se ha ido sola a la peluquería y es allí cuando la ha secuestrado, indefensa sin alguien que pudiese defenderla - Nos habrá seguido desde Nueva York? No creo que haya tenido tanta \"suerte\" de vivir acá y encontrarnos - Yo tampoco creo que haya estado viviendo acá en Boston. Él no sabía que ustedes solo estaban de paso, así que se hubiera tomado un tiempo en planearlo, no se hubiera lanzado el primer día - Sí, opino lo mismo. Pero inclusive acá en NY… estamos en USA! ¿Cómo es que llegó hasta acá? - Eso es lo que quería preguntarte. Él ha tenido que obtener esa información de algún lado - La casa de Maca - En eso mismo estaba pensando yo - Pero no creo que Maca le haya dado esa información - No directamente. Puede que él se haya posado afuera del lugar y observar que ustedes ya no están. Tiene contactos, de alguna manera u otra, ya sea haciendo una llamada falsa a tu casa o a los mismos Centros de Casas averiguando que ganaste la competencia - … Así él sabría que me fui con Sony y con una y otra llamada saber que me vine a EEUU – dije completando su idea - Exactamente, pero ahora, ¿Cómo obtuvo la casa? - ¿Cómo sabes que es una casa? - Porque para un secuestro no usas un depa, la víctima, en este caso Pía, da gritos y hace bulla. - Tienes razón, además sonaba muy confiado. Debe vivir solo en una casa ligeramente espaciosa. Su padre! - Su padre qué? No entendí - Su papá tiene dinero. Él ha salido de la cárcel, entonces el señor Linares seguramente le habrá hecho las cosas simples para que se fuera y no siga manchando su apellido. - Comprándole una casa en NY sin mayores problemas… Suena lógico - Ajá! Entonces habrá que llamar al señor Linares - No pudiste haber leído mi mente de alguna mejor manera. Vamos Me levanté de la silla, cogí mi guitarra y me fui junto a Omar al depa. Llamamos a Maca quien dijo que no nos había contado sobre la liberación de Kike por fianza porque no quería que nos preocupáramos, nunca pensó que se nos acercaría. Luego de ellos, comenzó a lamentarse y llorar, yo la calmé al cabo de varios minutos. Inmediatamente le pedí el número del padre de Kike y rápidamente me lo dió después de buscar entre sus papeles. Le agradecí y le prometí mantenerla informada sobre los hechos, ahí corté la llamada. Todos mis amigos estaban alrededor mío en la sala, Omar asintió y yo realicé la llamada con el número que Maca me había dado en altavoz. Al cabo de unos segundos de timbrado, una voz masculina respondió. - Aló? - Señor Linares? - Sí, soy yo. ¿Con quién tengo el gusto? - Valentina Rubiales - Disculpe no la identifico, qué negocio poseemos? - No, no, no tengo ningún negocio con usted - Entonces a qué debo la llamada? - Es sobre su hijo Enrique Linares - … Lo siento, no hablo sobre temas familiares. Adiós. - No, no, espere, por favor, es urgente - … Cuál es la urgencia - Necesitamos saber dónde está hospedado su hijo en Estados Unidos - Por qué busca usted esa información señorita Rubiales - Porque su hijo tiene secuestrada a mi prometida… Escuché un fuerte estruendo, creo que habrá botado el celular, o mejor dicho se le habrá caído. Sin embargo, al cabo de unos segundos, su voz un poco temblorosa volvió - … Q-qué? - Secuestro, su hijo es un secuestrador y… tal vez un violador – dije formando un puño con mis manos - No, usted está mintiendo - No, señor. No sería capaz de jugarme con eso. Esto es tan verdad como que me llamo Valentina Rubiales - … Está segura que es Enrique quien la tiene secuestrada? - Completamente señor - … - Señor si usted no me dice dónde está hospedado, algo muy muy malo le puede pasar a Pía, mi prometida - Pero no te puedo dar esa información, es… privada - Señor, por favor! – dije gritando – Yo no quiero perder a Pía y seguramente usted no querrá perder a su hijo. Tiene que decirme dónde está, las tragedias se pueden evitar! - Es que… Kike me dijo que desaparecería de mi mundo, que ya no me ocasionaría problemas si le compraba una casa en Nueva York… - dijo un poco con \"voz perdida\" - Nueva York, qué parte? - Por qué Kike haría estas cosas, no pensaba que estuviera tan mal de la cabeza… todavía tenía un poco de compostura… Agustín tenía razón, debí haberlo llevado a algún centro… - Señor, necesito la dirección - Si tan solo hubiese escuchado a Agustín… Kike no estaría terminando de malograr su vida… En la calle 47 Street 1102… - Gracias, señor, en serio - Discúlpeme Valentina. Me disculpo en nombre de Enrique. Trate de evitar más desgracias, trate de no lastimar a Enrique - Le llamaré si hay novedades sobre él, gracias nuevamente, debo irme - Adiós… Corté la llamada y unos escalofríos pasaron por mi mente. Sentí lástima por el padre de Kike, era un señor frío y con negocios tal vez no muy claros, pero es padre… y no hay peor desgracia que ver cómo un hijo \"cae en picada\" en su vida - 47 Street 1102 – dije - Sí, sí, la apunté inmediatamente – respondió Omar – Todo bien Valentina? Hay que apurarnos e irnos - Sí, sí, fue un poco rara la conversación, me dejó medio… ¿zombie? - Creo que a todos nos pareció un poco… intensa – dijo Jeff – Pero Omar tiene razón, Pía no tiene tiempo, nosotros sí, hay que apurarnos Pía. - Sí, vámonos, no perdamos tiempo – respondí mientras me dirigía a la puerta Jeff, Omar y yo junto a un grupo de agentes del FBI nos encaminamos a Nueva York. Mis demás compañeros se quedaron en el depa alquilado de Boston, se quedarían en caso los necesitáramos allá. Pía's POV Comencé a abrir mis ojos lentamente, me sentía mareada y también sentía un pequeño punzón en mi cabeza. Traté de colocar en mis manos en el lugar del dolor, pero no podía. Abrí más fuerte mis ojos y me encontré en un cuarto apenas iluminado con una lámpara al costado de la cama. ¿Cama? Sí, miré mis brazos y estaban amarrados a los extremos de una cama. Intenté flojamente desatarme, pero era inútil, estaban bien amarrados los nudos que me sujetaban. Fue ahí cuando me di cuenta de que mis pies también estaban amarrados en los extremos inferiores de la cama. Comencé a inspeccionar con la mirada la habitación, detuve mis ojos en la ventana sin cortinas, había una inmensa luna blanca en el cielo. Me desesperé y seguí intentando liberarme, pero no podía. No tenía muchas fuerzas, me sentía cansada, así que comencé a gritar con la mayor fuerza posible \"Ayuda!\" \"Help!\" pronuncié varias veces sin respuesta, pero al cabo de tal vez un minuto la puerta del cuarto se abrió. Aunque mareada, pude diferenciar claramente esa cara… Kike - Hasta que al fin despertaste, ya me estaba desesperando un poquito – dijo mientras se sentaba en el inferior de la cama - Qué quieres Kike - No es obvio? – dijo poniendo sus dedos debajo del jean en mis piernas Me sacudí rápidamente para que me soltara y su mano se detuvo - Esto será muy divertido, nos divertiremos mucho Pía - Ten por seguro que me aburriré - No puedes hablar antes de conocerlo… No querrás dejar de jugar con él - Me das asco Kike, ASCO - Verás que te haré cambiar de opinión… - Te lo dije una vez, te lo repetiré: Eres demasiado olvidable Violentamente Kike se acercó a mí, quedando cara a cara -No me provoques Pía - No me busques Kike – dije tajantemente - Pero si ya te encontré – dijo riendo – No hay nada que puedas hacer, Pía. Pero mira el lado bueno: tu madre se sentiría feliz al saber que tu noche de bodas es con un hombre y no con una chica Noche de bodas. Mierda! Qué hora sería? Ya habrán pasado las 7pm? Mi boda… Valentina…Valentina… Habrá pensado que me arrepentí? Habrá pensado que salí corriendo? Valentina… mi amor - Hey! Pía! – dijo Kike alzando un poco su voz – NO me gusta que me ignoren - Es que aburres Kike Levantó su mano para abofetearme supongo, pero dio una risa y comenzó a hablar consigo mismo. Yo solo lo miré un poco raro. - No, no, no me voy a fastidiar. Tengo pensada una noche espectacular. No me la echarás a perder - Quieres apostar? Voy a hacer todo lo posible para arruinarla - Eso dices ahora. Terminarás pidiéndome más y más – dijo con una voz \"sexy\" en mi oído - Tan poco aguantas que piensas que te voy a exigir más? - No, no, sino que te va a encantar. Aprenderás lo que es tener un buen sexo. No extrañarás a Valentina ni un solo segundo - Yo con Valentina no tengo sexo… yo hago el amor. Eso es algo que seguramente tú no conoces - Jajaja, no lo necesito. Solo las personas débiles se enamoran - Con eso excusas el no tener novia? - Yo puedo tener comiendo de mi mano a la novia que quiera - Te equivocas, solo basta un día contigo para saber la clase de tipo que eres - Pero solo basta una noche para que me amen - Repítetelo hasta que te lo creas querido - No necesito repetírmelo - Ah tienes razón, ni repitiéndolo te lo crees - Cállate, tú no sabes cuántas novias he tenido yo - Acaso alguna te dijo te quiero? - … - Acaso alguna vez te sentiste como en el cielo con alguna mirada de ellas? - … - Acaso un beso de \"buenos días\" te llenó el corazón de felicidad pura? - … Ya, cállate, me aburren tus cursilerías. Sabes qué? Antes de que termines de matarme de aburrimiento verificaré que todo esté listo en nuestro cuarto. No me extrañes mi amor – dijo dando una sonrisa y robándome un beso ligero en los labios - Créeme que no lo haré – dije amarga – Demórate todo lo que quieras \"mi amor\" Kike salió del cuarto con su estúpida pervertida mirada. Me fastidiaba, me fastidiaba todo él. \"Valentina… mi Valentina… no sabes cuánta falta me haces en estos minutos de esta pesadilla que recién está empezando… Dame fuerza, Valen… Te necesito ahora más que nunca…\" Mis muñecas me dolían de tanto intentar zafarme, por más que intentara desamarrar las cuerdas, era inútil. Los pies también me dolían y el cálido viento que entraba por la ventana acariciaba mi cuerpo. De pronto, bruscamente, la puerta vuelve a abrirse. Kike entra por ella. - Lista? - No te la haré fácil - Yo sé – dijo riendo – No es eso emocionante? Me encantan los retos Esta vez me quedé sin palabras. Kike seguía siendo la misma persona enferma que conocía, pero esta vez estaba más ¿raro? Se acercó a mí, me dedicó una de sus pervertidas sonrisas y luego sacó una cuchilla del pequeño mueble en el que se encontraba la lámpara. Suavemente comenzó a romper los nudos de mis pies. Intenté zafarme con la ayuda de los pies libres, pero no pude - Ni lo intentes, no puedes hacer nada sin manos – me decía riendo Liberó primero mi mano derecha, pero inmediatamente la cogió con una de sus manos, luego con su mano libre desamarró el último nudo. Apenas lo hizo, cogió mis amabas manos con mucha fuerza, dejando inútiles mis intentos de escape. Me llevó como esclava a la fuerza a otra habitación. Esta tenía las paredes rojas intensas, un reloj que marcaba las 12:35am y una cama que se veía cómoda en el centro con un corazón hecho de pétalos en las sábanas. - A que Valentina nunca te hizo esto – decía orgulloso - Te equivocas. Podríamos quedarnos una eternidad aquí si te contara todos los tiernos gestos de amor que Valentina me ha dado Vi cómo la sonrisa en su rostro se borraba y una de amargura tomaba su lugar. Me cogió con más fuerza y me empujó ferozmente hacia la cama. - Te juro que no seré nada olvidable - Suéltame, suéltame! – gritaba intentando zafarme Me comenzó a besar el cuello muy grotescamente, yo solo trataba de impedirlo a toda costa, pero se me hacía inútil. Creo que se cansó de estar luchando conmigo, por lo que se detuvo y me cogió con más fuerza ambas manos. Me jaló hasta uno de los rincones superiores de la cama y cogió una de mis manos para comenzarla a amarrar. Era mi turno. Rápidamente le di un golpe con la mano que tenía libre en el cuello con la mayor fuerza que pude. Él cayó de rodillas, yo salí a correr con todas mis fuerzas. Salí de la habitación y comencé a andar por un pasillo. Escuche pasos a mi atrás, pero yo seguía corriendo. Encontré unas escaleras al final del pasillo y comencé a bajar por ellas al piso de abajo, al primer piso. \"Pía, Pía!\" escuchaba decir no a muchos metros lejos atrás de mí, luego también sentí sus pasos en las escaleras. Salté los dos últimos escalones y me encontré con un living muy bien decorado junto a un comedor iluminados, volteé mi mirada a la derecha y vi una puerta. Esa era la puerta de salida. Me encaminé rápidamente hacia ella, pero… Poom! Me detuve, me quedé quieta, inmóvil. Sentí sus pasos cada vez más cerca, ya no sonaban agitados, sino tranquilos. Escuché cómo volvió a cargar su arma, luego sentí su aliento en mi oído. - Créeme que la próxima vez no fallaré, así que resígnate. Entiende de una vez que no puedes hacer nada, ni tú ni Valentina. Tú empezaste este juego, yo solo deseo terminarlo – río con una sonrisa desquiciada – Me acompañas nuevamente al cuarto? Yo seguía mirando la puerta, a tan solo 2 metros de distancia. Salía y era libre. Salía y podía volver con Valentina. Pero no podía. Mi mirada se quedó petrificada, simplemente volteé mi cuerpo y vi en sus ojos lujuria y locura puras. Me estiró su mano libre y yo la cogí. Juntos nos encaminamos a la habitación de la que hacía segundos me había escapado… Esto era todo. Con cada paso que daba me sentía más devastada. Era imposible salir de aquí. Solo tenía que… jugar con Kike. Jugar . De tan solo imaginármelo se me revolvía el estómago. Había olvidado todo, había olvidado mi odio hacia mi pasado, Valentina lo había borrado todo en este último año, desde que la vi por primera vez en casa de Maca… Yo era feliz con Valentina, era feliz con sus miradas, con sus abrazos, con sus caricias, con sus besos, con su forma de amarme. Mi vida al fin había tomado sentido, al fin la vida me había sonreído. No iba a rendirme, no. Kike no iba a arruinarme mi felicidad. Pensaría en otra cosa y superaría esto. Un paso. Dos pasos. Tres pasos. Nuestra caminata agarrados de las manos hacia la habitación se me hacía infinita. Los recuerdos hermosos con Valentina inundaban en mi mente, sentía que la engañaría a pesar de saber que en realidad esto sería en contra de mi voluntad, sentía que la estaba traicionando. Tonto, no? Pero así se sentía. Un escalón. Dos escalones. Tres escalones. Despreciaría cada segundo de lo que pasara en la habitación y aborrecería con todo a Enrique Linares, pero no había nada que pudiese hacer. Él tenía un arma, tenía mucha fuerza y yo, para colmo, me sentía débil, muy débil. Perdón, Valentina . Te pediría perdón mil veces aunque sepa que nada de esto fue mi culpa. Estaría destrozada. Un paso más. Dos pasos más. Tres pasos más. Haría cualquier cosa por no estar obligada a esto, haría de todo por poder escapar de esto, haría de todo por saber si quiera que estés enterada de que estoy aquí. Pero no creo que lo sepas. Yo no me imaginaría que Kike habría salido de la cárcel, seguramente piensas que he escapado. Pero no, Valen, no te he dejado plantada, nunca podría. Me gustaría que supieras eso. Yo fui, soy y siempre seré tuya y solamente tuya Valentina. Ni Kike ni nadie podrá jamás cambiar eso… Llegamos a la habitación, yo ya no tenía fuerzas y mi mente estaba perdida. Fácilmente amarró mis manos y mis pies, casi no puse resistencia. - Así me gusta, tranquila. Pero cuando empecemos quiero que vuelvas a gritar y oponerte. Eso… no sabes cómo me fascina - Jódete Kike - Así, así, me gusta, me gusta! – dijo \"entusiasmado\" Yo ya no sabía qué pensar pero por alguna extraña razón comencé a recobrar fuerzas, algo me decía que luche, que luche todo lo que pueda, que lo impida. - Valentina te habrá hecho muchas cosas, pero te apuesto a que nunca hizo esto… - dijo sacando un trípode de cámara y luego una filmadora - No estarás hablando en serio… - A qué te refieres? - No creo que estés tan enfermo como para grabar tus porquerías - Solo te estoy pagando con la misma moneda. Recuerdas que tú y las otras niñas me grabaron? Bueno pues, eso pienso hacer. Qué más hicieron? Ah sí, lo colgaron en las redes sociales - No tienes solución, estás enfermo! - Pero sabes qué? Me aseguraré que sea Valentina la primera en verlo - Me das asco! - Eso, eso, amárgate, amárgate, así quiero que estés Acomodó el trípode y puso la filmadora en su lugar, lo vi apretar algunos botones y luego volvió a aproximarse a mí. Definitivamente Kike había cambiado, realmente esto ya no era un típica pendejada suya, esto ya se había salido de control, Kike en serio había enloquecido en su hambre de venganza. Intenté liberarme de las cuerdas, seguía siendo inútil, pero no me rendía, algo me pedía que luchara, y así lo hacía. Enrique me quitó el polo que llevaba y me devoró con la mirada, luego él se sacó el polo y se posó encima de mí. Yo luchaba, luchaba en serio, pero todo seguía siendo en vano. Subía y bajaba sus manos por todo mi abdomen y pechos mientras besaba mi cuello como a él se le antojaba. Me quitó las balerinas y él se quitó sus zapatos. Seguidamente desabrochó mis jeans y desapareció sin demora el pantalón, lo mismo hizo con el suyo. Se paró un momento de la cama y comenzó a mirarme. Rió. Se lanzó nuevamente hacia mí comenzando a tocar mis piernas, yo simplemente intentaba detenerlo lo más que podía, pero no había mucho que podía hacer estando atada, así que comencé a gritar aunque sabía que no había nadie cerca. Gritaba y gritaba \"ayuda, help please, help!\" Pasaron varios minutos en esa situación, yo gritando y tratando de zafarme y él divirtiéndose a su antojo conmigo. Ya estaba agotando lo último de mis energías, pero mi corazón comenzó a acelerarse y sentirse aliviado de la nada. Segundos después a ese sentimiento, sentí la puerta principal abrirse con fuerza. - FBI! – se escuchó provenir desde el primer piso Rápidamente Kike se separó de mí y se paró al costado de la cama. Escuché varios pasos acelerados en las escaleras, luego también el sonido estruendoso de la puerta de la habitación abriéndose bruscamente. Por ella entraron 3 agentes policiales con armas que inmediatamente apuntaron a Kike… sin embargo, en ese lapso de tiempo, yo no me había dado cuenta de que Enrique también había cogido su arma y me la había estado apuntando a la cabeza. - FBI! Throw down your weapon – decía el hombre canoso del centro - No.. – respondió desafiante Kike - This is not gonna end well If you refuse to listen, son - Are you gonna kill me or something? – decía riendo – Oh and, by the way, I'm not your son, stupid cop Escuché más pasos subir por las escaleras aceleradamente y mis ojos se iluminaron cuando la vieron. Valentina . Vi también los rostros de Omar y Jeff detrás de los agentes del FBI junto al de mi prometida. - Oh, miren a quién tenemos aquí. Hello Valentina - Guys, we told you to wait downstairs, is dangerous here for you. Patrick take them down – dijo nuevamente el agente principal - Don't count on it. I'mma stay here, I'm not gonna move – respondió Valentina dándome una mirada Hubiese preferido que se fuera, que no corra ningún riesgo; sin embargo, el verla allí, el sentir su cálida mirada me recomponía, me daba fuerzas, me hacía sentir segura. Su sola presencia me cambiaba todo el mundo. - Yeah, stay here Valentina. You're gonna enjoy this – dijo Kike - Son, please throw down the gun, we don't want to hurt you, but we will if you don't give us another chance - I just wanna finish a game that my friend – dijo mirándome – and I started months ago - Sorry, but the game won't continue. The game is over. Throw down the gun. Last call - Are you Enrique, right? – preguntó el más joven de los agentes al ver que Kike hacía caso omiso al agente principal - Not of your business - Look, Enrique, we just wanna help you. You don't need this and you know it. Having sex with Pia is not gonna solve anything - What do you know about it? Nothing, so shut up! – respondió Kike - I don't know you, but I do know that you don't want to spend your youth days in jail. Wouldn't you prefer enjoying your days in a beach, maybe, with young and gorgeous girls, doing sports under the sun, having a really great time? - … - Kike comenzó a bajar su arma - Listen to me, you have two options. One: You try to continue your game and end in prison or get shot by us. Two: You throw down your weapon, release Pía and we can talk about it. No damages, no suffer. What do you decide? - …If I take option 2, would you promise not to take me to jail? – dijo al cabo de un par de segundos - We promise – dijo el principal - Then… - dijo mientras soltaba su arma – I take option 2 Ni bien terminó de decir eso, los otros dos agentes se le lanzaron encima haciéndolo caer al costado de la cama. Valentina vino corriendo hacia mí y comenzó a desatar los nudos. - Estás bien, estás bien? – me preguntaba agitada sentándose a mi lado de la cama - Sí, sí – dije una vez libre - Lo siento mucho, en serio, perdón - De qué me pides perdón mi Valen, tú no tuviste la culpa de nada - No debí dejarte sola – dijo bajando su mirada - No podemos pasar cada segundo juntas, él nos estuvo persiguiendo, esto iba a pasar tarde o temprano, no te atormentes pensando que fue tu culpa - Por favor, dime que no pasó nada - No, no, llegaron a tiempo. Estoy segura de que no hubiese podido seguir luchando otros cinco minutos más - Vinimos en cuanto pudimos. Felizmente de madrugada el tránsito es menor de Boston a NY - Estamos en NY? - Sí - Estoy totalmente perdida - Te drogó? - No, no creo. Supongo que solo pastillas de dormir porque acabo de despertar no hace mucho y me siento verdaderamente cansada - Maldito infeliz… - Ya, ya, no descargues odio. Kike en serio ha terminado mal de la cabeza - Sí, al parecer sí, su papá también piensa lo mismo. Su venganza se convirtió en una obsesión - Tuve miedo, mucho miedo - Ya, ya – decía abrazándome – Tranquila, ya pasó Rompió el abrazo con una mirada. Me observó, yo me sonrojé. Ella rió diciéndome \"no es lo que piensas\". Inmediatamente se paró de la cama y recogió mi blusa y mis jeans entregándomelos - Gracias – le dije - Perdón que Jeff y Omar se hayan ganado con tu hermosura Volteé mi mirada y vi cómo Omar me miraba tiernamente con una sonrisa, mientras que Jeff desvió su mirada rápidamente, seguramente él no me veía nada tierna. Comencé a vestirme. Los agentes se levantaron junto a Kike y se lo llevaron esposado. - Don't worry, ladies. I will make sure that this man spends his days in a mental centre. He won't be free. - Thank you – respondió Valentina Los agentes se retiraron junto a Omar y Jeff que nos dejaron solas en la habitación. Miré nuevamente a Valentina una vez cambiada. - Pensé que no llegarías - Pía, yo siempre voy a llegar Su mirada fue tan linda, tan enamorada. Yo sonreí casi al instante. - Tú eras lo único que me hacía seguir. Tú eras por lo que luchaba - Puedo decir lo mismo. ¿Puedes creer que no tuve sueño ni un solo segundo? Solo sabiendo que ya estás a salvo y conmigo, es que mis ojos quieren cerrarse, pero solo pueden cerrarse contigo a mi lado - Te amo demasiado Valentina - Y yo a ti, Pía Lentamente fue acercándose a mis labios hasta que chocaron. Una paz inmensa me invadió cuando volví a sentirla. No podría describir todas las emociones que sus labios y su esencia provocaban en mí, era sosiego, felicidad, dicha… La sentí sonreír mientras detenía el ligero beso. - Vamos a casa Pía – dijo parándose de la cama y estrechándome su mano - Jamás esas palabras se escucharon mejor – le dije sonriendo cogiéndonos de las manos Nos encaminamos así al primer piso, ahí estaban Omar y Jeff esperándonos. - Los agentes ya se han ido, me mantendrán al tanto de todo – decía Fuster - Gracias Omar, Jeff. En serio no saben cómo les agradezco que hayan venido hasta aquí para ayudarme junto a Valentina - Para eso estamos los amigos, en las buenas y en las malas – respondió Jeff con una sonrisa - Ya Jeff no te pongas sentimental – decía riendo mi prometida – Vámonos de una vez, no quiero volver a pisar esta casa - Sí, yo tampoco quiero pasar ni un segundo más acá – dije Todos nos dirigimos a las afueras y nos subimos al carro de Omar. - ¿Cómo van a hacer? ¿Nos vamos al Condo o a Boston? - Lo que decida Pía yo haré – respondió Valen - Pasemos la noche en NY porque creo que todos estamos cansados como para seguir despiertos. Pero mañana quiero volver a Boston a primera hora porque dejé mi boda allá - Pía tiene razón, ha sido una noche larga para todos, vayamos al Condo, mañana empieza un nuevo día. Mañana sí hay boda, chicos – dijo contenta mi prometida Todos reímos mientras nos dirigíamos al Condo. Había sido una noche para el olvido, pero a pesar de eso, pude comprobar, si es que hacía falta, que Valentina era el amor de mi vida. Mañana sí empezaría nuestra vida juntas, mañana ya nos perteneceríamos oficialmente la una a la otra. Yo encontré a Valentina y ella me encontró a mí. Nuestro amor quedaría sellado y comprobado esta vez. Ahora nada lo impediría. Pasamos la noche en nuestra habitación de siempre del Condo, apenas nos echamos en la cama, caímos directamente a los brazos de Morfeo. A la mañana siguiente nos dimos una ducha rápida y desayunamos algo ligero. Jeff y Omar nos dieron una llamada indicándonos que ya nos esperaban en el garaje. Bajamos rápidamente e iniciamos nuestro camino a Boston. Una vez en el depa que habíamos alquilado el día anterior, nos disculpamos con nuestros amigos que habían dormido incomodísimo en sillones, pero ellos le restaron importancia al hecho debido a que estaban felices de que yo haya llegado sana y salva junto a ellos. Todos entre risas y bromas llegamos al ayuntamiento. Fuster se había encargado ya de conseguirnos la persona que nos casara. Firmamos los papeles, nada romántico, y eso era todo… Valentina y yo éramos oficialmente esposas. Creo que ninguna de las dos lo podíamos creer, se sentía tan extraño, pero ya era una realidad. Sonreímos y nuestros amigos nos felicitaron. Nos quedamos unos minutos todos allí en el ayuntamiento terminando de asimilar lo que acababa de pasar, pero el encargado nos invitó a salir, otra pareja había llegado para contraer nupcias. Les dirigimos sonrisas y luego nos retiramos al depa en Boston. Valentina y yo recogimos nuestras pertenencias y nos subimos a nuestro carro con algunos de nuestros amigos, mientras que Fuster llevaba a otros. Así todos juntos volvíamos a NY, nuestro segundo hogar. Ya en el Condo, les agradecimos más de una vez por haber estado con nosotras en el momento feo y en el momento de nuestras vidas. Habíamos conseguido buenos amigos. Los invitamos un rato a quedarse en nuestro depa y estuvimos charlando, tocando y cantando, hasta a mí me incluían en los coros, me halagaban diciendo que no tenía mala voz. Gran halago. El sol se comenzó a ocultar y nuestros amigos decidieron que era tiempo de retirarse. Nos dimos un abrazo grupal muy fuerte y luego comenzaron a salir uno por uno. Valentina cerró la puerta después de que salió Fuster, yo me dirigí a nuestra habitación y me eché en la cama. Al rato sentí sus pasos encaminándose a la habitación. Entró y con una sonrisa en sus labios comenzó a acercarse a nuestra cama. - Qué tranquila me siento de estar acá – me dijo echándose a mi lado - Créeme que yo también, sobre todo porque sé que estás aquí conmigo - Siempre me tendrás aquí - Crees que nuestro amor nos dure? - Ah? - Crees que me seguirás queriendo de acá a unos años? - Pía, yo respiro y vivo por y para ti. Ahora yo te pertenezco oficialmente. Si por mí fuera, me cambiaría el nombre a Valentina Rubiales de Montoya – rió y yo también - Me querrás en mis depresiones y caídas? – dije con una sonrisa - Nunca te dejaré, a no ser que tú me lo pidas - Nunca te pediré que lo hagas - Entonces aquí me tendrás fastidiándote siempre Se acercó a mis labios y, besándonos, nos acomodamos en la cama con Valentina sobre mí. Los minutos pasaban, los besos cobraban intensidad y no nos despegábamos, era imposible, pero intenté al máximo calmarme y terminé por detenerlo gentilmente. Valentina me miró con una mirada de interrogante, pero al instante su rostro cambió por uno comprensivo. - Perdón, qué tonta e insensible soy. Yo esperaré todo el tiempo que necesites - Qué? Oh, no, no, lo de Kike no tiene nada que ver - Okey… entonces no entiendo – dijo con una sonrisa - No podemos quedarnos a… \"hacer cositas ricas\" porque tenemos que estar bien mañana para tomar el vuelo - Vuelo? Qué vuelo? - Nuestro vuelo a Colombia - Ah? Qué vuelo a Colombia? - El que haremos para celebrar nuestra boda a lo grande en casa de Maca - … - Haremos esa fiesta en la que la novia está con un vestido blanco y el novio… bueno en nuestro caso ambas tenemos que estar de blanco. Haremos una pequeña merienda, invitaremos a las chicas, nos reencontraremos con Maca, Teo y lo más importante es que celebraremos una verdadera boda en nuestro lugar… - ¿Desde cuándo tenías planeado esto? – dijo riendo - Desde siempre… - … Casa de Maca… Tantos recuerdos, tontos por mis confusiones pero hermosos al fin y al cabo - En el lugar donde nació nuestro amor, porque por más que lo hayas negado al inicio, siempre me amaste, desde el primer momento que me viste – dije riendo orgullosa - Jajajaja, pues la verdad sí, me tenías enamorada, pero lastimosamente mis confusiones me ganaban - Pero al final gané yo – dije sonriéndole - Era solo cuestión de tiempo y tú sabías bien eso. No sabes cómo te agradezco el que me hayas sabido esperar - Ah… qué recuerdos, por eso quiero que sea ahí nuestra boda. Es el lugar perfecto - Pues mañana organizaremos todo eso, llamaremos a Maca y a las chicas y nuestra boda será allí. Descansemos entonces, mañana nos espera un gran día - Sí, sí… Hasta mañana Valentina Rubiales de Montoya – dije con una sonrisa, ella también me sonrió - Hasta mañana Pía Montoya de Rubiales… ","Summary":" Pía llegó a su casa con el pensamiento \"te quiero mucho mucho… pero como una amiga\" que le había "},{"Movie":"Chicken Little","Title":"A New Most Popular Student","Author":"SawuScimitar74","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11888014","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This fanfic was heavily inspired by A Secret Admirer by Kyra Wolf . Be sure to check it out! Thank you keiman and kei and daisygirl101 for beta reading and helping me improve! I do not own Chicken Little. Chicken Little is owned by Disney. I only lay claim to Chauncey Cheetah. Chapter 1 It was a warm, sunny day in Oakey Oaks. Everyone was out and about, walking around the town and driving their cars through the streets. Several months have passed since the \"sky is falling\" incident, and everyone has since viewed Chicken Little as a hero for saving the town. Chicken Little and his friends completed sixth grade shortly after, and they all had a summer vacation to remember. Now it was August, and a new school year was to begin at Oakey Oaks Middle School. The sound of the school bell ringing breezed throughout the hallways, signaling class was about to begin. Animal children gathered around outside the door of the most boring class of the day, Mutton. Abby, Runt, and Fish were outside the classroom, waiting for Chicken Little. She tapped her foot onto the floor, sighing as she peered at a clock on the wall. Runt read posters on a nearby bulletin board, and Fish leaned against the wall, looking like his cool self. After waiting for a few more minutes, Runt and Fish went in to avoid getting snapped at by Mr. Woolensworth. Abby decided to wait a few more minutes before shaking her head and crossing her arms. \"Chicken Little,\" she muttered in dismay. She glanced down the hallway before entering Mutton. Mr. Woolensworth raised as eyebrow at Abby as she crossed the room and sat down next to Foxy. The vixen bully turned to face Abby and gave her a devious smile. The duckling, however, didn't seem to notice and ignored her. Runt and Fish were sitting toward the back of the room, chatting quietly. Their chatting stopped when Mr. W cleared his throat and turned around to face the class. \"Alright class. Time to take role-call.\" The old sheep announced. \"Foxy Loxy?\" The young vixen raised her right hand and smiled as sweetly as she could. \"Present, pretty, and punctual!\" The duckling groaned in annoyance. She said that every time they took role-call. It was getting disturbing. \"Goosey Loosey, Runt of the Litter, Henny Penny, Ducky Lucky, Fuzzy Wuzzy, Morkupine Porcupine.\" \"Yo.\" The young porcupine greeted. \"Indeed. Fish out of Water.\" Mr. W continued. Fish clapped his fins together and did something cool as usual, cracking up the class. The old sheep simply sighed and rolled his eyes before proceeding. \"Abby Mallard?\" \"Ugly duckling.\" Foxy muttered. Abby stuck her tongue out at the vixen before turning away. \"Chicken Little?\" Mr. W called. No answer. \"Chicken Little?\" The old sheep called again. Everyone glanced at his empty seat. Just as then did, the young chicken burst through the door, panting. \"Sorry I'm late, Mr. Woolensworth! My dad overslept and I had to walk to school to-\" However, Mr. W just glared at him and pointed at his seat signaling him to sit down. Chicken Little sighed and took a seat. His friends gave him reassuring smiles as he walked past them. He sat at his desk and stared at the front of the room. \"At least you made it.\" Runt whispered to his friend. Chicken Little turned and gave a reassuring smile to him. The late bell sounded and Mutton began. About halfway through the class, as usual, everyone was in a daze, bored as heck. \"Fur.\" Exhorted Mr. Woolensworth. In response, everyone, with their eyes barely half-opened, opened their mouths wide and muttered in chorus, \"Baa.\" Runt fell asleep, resting his head in his arms on his desk. Fish propped his head and helmet up with his fins, staring off into space. Chicken Little was also asleep, breathing peaceful. Abby looked at the clock as each grueling minute passed by. After a while, Principal Fetchit knocked on the classroom door. That caught Mr. W's attention. \"Yes Principal Fetchit?\" \"Mr. Woolensworth. Sorry to interrupt, but there is something I must talk to you about outside the classroom.\" The old sheep nodded. \"Class, I have to talk with the principal. Don't stop reading the book.\" He said, slightly sternly. Everyone groaned in annoyance, but they were slightly relieved that their teacher wouldn't catch them doing something that wasn't related to the class. Chicken Little, Runt, Abby, and Fish attempted to listen to what the two were saying. Unfortunately, it sounded unintelligible through the door. Eventually, Mr. W and Principal Fetchit came back into the room and the old sheep announced, \"Class, we have a new student! Mr. Chauncey Cheetah!\" A few seconds passed, and in walked a tall cheetah. He was orange with black spots and was wearing a dark blue t-shirt with brown shorts. On his shirt was a basketball sailing through the air towards a basketball hoop. The young cheetah's hair was neatly combed and evenly distributed on his head. Everyone seemed to be astonished at how tall he was. Chauncey smiled at the class, his hazel eyes beaming in excitement to begin making new friends. Mr. Woolensworth made a weird look behind his back before he gently placed a hand on the cheetah's shoulder. \"You may sit over there, Chauncey.\" He said in a low voice, pointing at a chair next to Chicken Little's desk. \"Yes Mr. Woolensworth.\" Chauncey nodded as he made his way toward his desk. As the cheetah made his way toward his desk, the fresh smell of deodorant drifted off behind him. He sat down next to Chicken Little, who looked at him worriedly. \"I sure hope he's not like Foxy.\" The chicken thought. Deciding to see for himself, he cleared his throat. \"Hello Chauncey. I'm Chicken Little.\" To his surprise, the cheetah gave him a warm, welcoming smile and held out his large paw. \"Sup, Chicken Little? I'm Chauncey Cheetah. Pleasure to meet you.\" Chicken Little didn't know what to do next, but before he knew it, he shook his paw. \"What do you say we chat after class?\" The cheetah suggested. \"Uh, yeah. Sure. Why not?\" Chicken Little responded. Something felt good about this cheetah. He greeted Chicken Little warmly, and he even shook hands with him. For some reason, Chicken Little felt that Chauncey was a good kid.[Chapter 2] Thank you keiman and kei and daisygirl101 for beta reading and helping me improve! I do not own Chicken Little. Chicken Little is owned by Disney. I only lay claim to Chauncey Cheetah. Chapter 2 After Mutton ended, Chicken Little, Abby, Runt, and Fish were outside the classroom, waiting for Chauncey. Since it was a fifteen minute break until their next class, they figured that it would be long enough to know some things about the cheetah. The tall cheetah was the last one out of Mr. W's classroom. \"Hey Chicken Little!\" Chauncey greeted, giving him another handshake. \"Hello Chauncey. I'd like to introduce you to Abby, Runt, and Fish.\" Chicken Little replied. \"Nice to meet you Abby, Runt, and Fish.\" The cheetah greeted warmly, shaking their hands with a smile on his face. \"You're really tall, Chauncey. Taller than me.\" Runt stated, noticing how tall he was compared to the cheetah. \"I know right? Ever since I started school, I've stood a good foot and a half taller than my other classmates. Guess part if it might be my healthy diet. I do care about what I put in my body. Not only do I do it for health, but to stay strong and fast. I have to be that way for sports, after all.\" Chauncey explained. \"You like sports?\" Chicken Little asked, interested. \"Yeah!\" The cheetah exclaimed. \"What sports do you like to play?\" \"I really love basketball. Basketball's been my favorite sport since my earliest days, with baseball being a very close second.\" Chauncey smiled. Chicken Little smiled, but it soon faltered a bit. He recalled when the boys' basketball team made it to the championship game last year. The leader of the team, Brett Bear, was the best player they had since their previous championship season nearly three decades prior. He was a terrific power forward, capable of shooting three-pointers and muscling his way in for easy buckets on offense. On defense, he was the team's best player at deflecting passes and coming up with steals for fast break points. Before last season, the team had never even reached the playoffs. Until Brett Bear came along. It was late February, one week before baseball tryouts began. The championship game was between Oakey Oaks, and their long-time rival, the Spud Valley Taters. Oakey Oaks had gone 19-1 during the regular season, with their only loss being a double-overtime loss to the Taters on the road. Behind the backs of Brett Bear, the team breezed through the playoffs to the championship game. They met up with the Spud Valley Taters, who had won the championship the season prior. During the course of the game, the Acorns got off to a great start. By the end of the first half, the team was up 48-23, appearing poised to end the Taters' bid for a repeat championship as well as the school's first in 29 years. However, just before the first half ended, the unthinkable happened. Brett Bear landed awkwardly on his right knee while trying to go up for a rebound. He tried to stand up, but was in too much pain to do so. His teammates rushed over to help him up and get him to the locker room. The star player of the Acorns quickly got his knee scanned, and was declared out for the season with a torn ACL. Without Brett Bear to lead the way, the Acorns began to lose ground. They began to miss open shots, turn the ball over, and the once thundering Oakey Oaks crowd began to quiet down. When the last quarter rolled around, with only one minute remaining, the unthinkable happened. The Taters had rallied back from the halftime deficit. Now they were down by only two points, 63-61. However, the Acorns still had the lead. The crowd was now anxious, desperately hoping their team could hold on long enough to win the game. Chicken Little and his friends were growing nervous as well. Oakey Oaks had possession of the ball, and with how much time was left they could hold on to win as long as they scored on that particular possession. The second best player on the team, Ryan Rabbit, dribbled up the court, with the Spud Valley fans chanting, \"Defense!\" Ryan made a pass to another teammate, and surprisingly found himself wide open in the right corner for a three-pointer. His teammate noticed, and made a no-look pass to the rabbit for a potential game-sealing shot. However, the ball rattled out, and the Taters grabbed the rebound. After calling timeout, Spud Valley inbounded the ball to their best player, Fred Fox. With less than five seconds left on the clock, he dribbled in between his legs, shook off his defender, and unleashed a game winning three from about six feet behind the three point line. A hush fell upon the Taters' gym as the shot came floating down toward the basketball hoop. As the buzzer sounded, the ball swished through the hoop, and the Spud Valley fans went delirious as teammates clobbered him in triumph. The Acorns could only stare as their rivals celebrated their second straight championship. What looked like an easy win, ending up turning into a heartbreaking defeat. \"Chicken Little?\" The chicken was snapped from his thoughts. \"Chicken Little? Are you alright there man?\" Chicken Little looked to see Chauncey towering over him, a look of concern on his face. \"Yeah. I'm fine.\" The chicken said. \"I was just thinking about how close the boys' basketball team came to winning the championship last year, when it all fell apart after Brett Bear was lost for the season. He's also out for this season as well to recover from his injury.\" \"I heard about that, actually. Losing your best player is not a good thing. It can be a devastating blow to the team when you don't have your leader to utilize everything your team does.\" Chauncey said, showing sympathy for the bear, even if he wasn't in sight. Everyone nodded. Fish smiled and said something like, \"Maybe you could be the boys' basketball team's new leader!\" \"What Fish?\" Chauncey asked with a raised eyebrow. \"He said that maybe with your height, you could be the new leader and star player of the boys' basketball team this season. Fish also said that with you, it might just be our year to win the championship.\" Chicken Little smiled. Chauncey was shocked. \"Me? As a leader of the basketball team? I don't know, guys. Today is my first day of middle school, and to be honest, there are lots of things that I have to work on if I want to be the star player of the team.\" \"Such as?\" Abby wondered. \"I'm great at shooting from anywhere on the court. However, my ball-handling, passing, and dribbling skills need a lot of work. Only then will I be worthy of being the new leader of the team.\" Chauncey seriously explained. \"As long as you work hard, you shouldn't have any trouble at all.\" Chicken Little winked. \"Thanks Chicken Little. I'll try dude. Really. I'll try my best.\" Chauncey smiled.[Chapter 3] Thank you keiman and kei and daisygirl101 for beta reading and helping me improve! I do not own Chicken Little. Chicken Little is owned by Disney. I only lay claim to Chauncey Cheetah. Chapter 3 \"He seems like nice guy,\" Abby said at lunch as she began to chow down some cookies. Runt was eating some potato chips, Chicken Little was munching his feed, while Fish had just finished up his lunch. As they ate, they were watching Chauncey eat a huge, healthy lunch with some other sixth graders. The cheetah was eating a sandwich with an enormous vegetable salad and an all-natural chocolate protein shake. Based on the looks on their faces, Chauncey seemed to be having a great conversation with the sixth graders sitting with him. \"What do you think he's talking about with them?\" Runt asked, pulling a pudding out of his huge lunch bag. \"I'm not sure, but it would be rude to intrude and stare at them. They might think we're up to something if we do,\" Chicken Little stated, finishing off the last of his feed. They soon saw Chauncey lift up his protein shake bottle after he had finished drinking it. With a shooting motion, the cheetah threw the bottle clear across the cafeteria, and it landed right in the middle of a trash can against the far wall the can was next to. Everyone at the table cheered and high-fived Chauncey as he smiled and thanked everyone. However, what Chicken Little noticed that the cheetah didn't was Foxy Loxy glaring at the cheetah from her table, which happened to be behind the table Chauncey sat at. The chicken had a gut feeling that whatever she was looking at him for, it wasn't any good. Fish tapped Chicken Little on the shoulder, making the Chicken turn his head to face his friend. \"What is it Fish?\" He asked. Fish said something that asked him, \"Is everything alright?\" Everything was not alright, but Chicken Little just brushed it off in his mind. \"Yeah everything's okay. Just finished my feed for today's lunch.\" Fish gave him a look, but nodded and turned his head to stare off into space. After Chauncey had finished off his huge lunch, he skillfully shot every piece of trash he had into the same trash can he had thrown the bottle into. Everyone was astonished at how good the cheetah was at shooting anything into its right place. As the cheetah walked, he saw Chicken Little and his friends, and smiled at them, waving his paw. Chicken Little and his friends smiled and did the same to the tall cheetah. After he was out of sight, Chicken Little stated, \"When he first walked into Mutton, he sure seemed a lot like Foxy at first.\" \"What makes you say that?\" Abby wondered. \"The way he was dressed and the way he smelled. He sure smelled good and was dressed in pretty cool clothes, but that means he might become popular like Foxy and her friends.\" \"Hey, just because he might become that way, doesn't mean he'll be like Foxy.\" Abby assured him. \"I guess time will tell whether he does or not.\" Chicken Little concluded. Shoving his books into his locker, Chauncey began to walk toward physical education. According to some other students, he heard that they were going to play dodgeball. \"I shouldn't have too much of a problem with that.\" The cheetah thought. As he walked, he didn't notice Foxy Loxy glaring at him. \"I'll show him what it means to steal my thunder!\" She thought, palming a fist into her hand once he was out of earshot. Soon, he saw Chicken Little and his friends walking toward the gymnasium themselves. \"Hey guys!\" Chauncey greeted. \"What's up Chauncey? How was lunch?\" Chicken Little asked. \"Oh nothing out of the ordinary. Just my typical sandwich, salad, and protein shake.\" He replied. \"What class are you heading to now?\" \"I'm off to physical education. What about you guys?\" \"Same. I heard we're doing dodgeball. Again.\" Chicken Little sighed. \"Yeah that's what some of my fellow sixth graders told me.\" Chauncey said, understanding. They all nodded as they began to make their way toward the gym. Soon the five were at the gym doors. Chauncey politely pushed one of the doors open and let them walk in. \"Thank you Chauncey.\" The four said to him. \"You're welcome.\" The cheetah smiled as he let the door close behind him once the four were inside. The gym was a lot bigger than Chauncey imagined. Sure, he was much taller than anyone else at Oakey Oaks middle school, but the size of the gym astonished the cheetah. He saw the two basketball hoops at each end of the gym, and smiled. Just as he finished glancing around, the coach walked out with a rubber dodgeball in his paw. \"Okay kids, you know what to do. Dodgeball!\" The class immediately split up into two teams. Chicken Little and company quickly went with the unpopular kids, while Chauncey went to the other side to join the popular kids. He was stopped short, however, by Foxy Loxy sticking out one of her arms to block his way. \"Sorry Chauncey, but you seem to be on the wrong team,\" the vixen sneered, with Goosey Loosey right behind her. The cheetah however, seemed unfazed by their menacing appearances. Chauncey looked back at the unpopular kids' side, and saw that they were being quickly overwhelmed by the popular kids. \"Hmmm…maybe you're right Foxy,\" he said, trying to be as cool as possible. The cheetah walked back to the unpopular kids' side while Foxy and Goosey giggled at him. Fish stared at the cheetah. \"It's not fair. He's already being picked on even though he just got here and didn't do anything wrong.\" He thought. Being sure that his friends weren't watching, he snuck up to the cheetah. Chauncey noticed and gave him a determined smile. \"Ready for this Fish?\" Fish nodded and gave him a determined grin of his own. However, a ball whipped past them, barely missing Chauncey. \"Get that cheetah!\" Foxy shouted. Soon everyone on the opposing team turned their attention on Chauncey. Fish didn't know what to do or how Chauncey would get out of this situation. However, to his astonishment, Chauncey either dodged or caught and quickly threw any ball he caught back at the opposing players and got them out. Fish was in awe at how fast the cheetah was at reacting whenever a ball came near him. He would either catch it or just simply dodge it. With new found determination, Fish joined the cheetah, a smirk on his face. After about half an hour of straight dodging, catching, and tagging, there were only four kids left. The popular kids' side had Foxy and Goosey left, while Chauncey and Fish remained on the unpopular kids' side. Chauncey clutched two dodgeballs in his hands, while Fish only had one. Most of the balls were on Foxy's and Goosey's side of the gym. The rest of the class watched, holding their breath for their respective teams. Foxy threw a ball, aiming at Chauncey. With no effort at all, the cheetah simply caught the ball and threw the ball as lightly as possible to avoid hurting either one of his opponents. Foxy tried to dodge the ball thrown, but was completely caught off guard. The ball hit her head, making her stumble and trip over her tail. She fell down on her back as everyone on the unpopular kids' side burst into laughter. With a smile of satisfaction, Chauncey and Fish high-fived each other. Foxy however, was not happy. She got up and charged at the cheetah, her clawed paws now in fists. Chauncey's eyes widened in horror. The vixen leapt into the air, ready to attack the cheetah. Chauncey couldn't do anything as Foxy scratched at his side, inflicting a small wound on the cheetah. \"Ow!\" Chauncey exclaimed as he temporarily lost his balance, clutching at his right hip. \"Foxy Loxy!\" The coach shouted as he grabbed her by the back of her neck. Muttering under his breath, he escorted her to the Principals office. Everyone was shocked at what they witnessed, even Goosey Loosey. Foxy Loxy had never hurt anyone like that before. Fish was at Chauncey's side, trying to help him. He said something like, \"Are you okay?\" \"I'm fine Fish. It's nothing really.\" The cheetah lifted his paw and revealed a small cut on his hip, with blood slowly oozing out. Fish gasped. \"Chauncey Cheetah! Come with me immediately!\" The coach called out. \"Yes coach!\" The cheetah obeyed as he followed the coach out of the gym. \"Abby, why do you think Foxy did that to Chauncey?\" Runt whimpered, still shocked from what he had seen. \"I honestly don't know. She had never done anything like that before.\" She sighed. \"Maybe it's because she's upset that he has taken her status as the most popular student at the school?\" Chicken Little offered. \"Could be,\" Fish tried to say. \"Foxy hurt him. Why didn't he fight back?\" Runt wondered. \"Maybe it's because he doesn't want to get in trouble as well. I think that was smart of him to do that. That way he'll go to the nurse, but not the Principals office.\" Abby explained. \"Guess he is a good kid after all.\" Chicken Little said. Everyone nodded in agreement.[Chapter 4] Thank you keiman and kei and daisygirl101 for beta reading and helping me improve! I do not own Chicken Little. Chicken Little is owned by Disney. I only lay claim to Chauncey Cheetah. Chapter 4 \"I have never had to deal with something like this in all my years as a Principal!\" A frustrated and angry Principal Fetchit exclaimed. \"Foxy! Injuring another student over a game! That's just unacceptable!\" He glared at Foxy, who was sitting next to Chauncey. \"After school today, you will stay for detention, Foxy Loxy.\" He pointed to the door, signaling that Foxy could leave. Chauncey stared up at the Principal, still shocked at what the young vixen did to him. \"As for you, Chauncey Cheetah, I'd like you to go to the nurse. She will check your injury that Foxy inflicted onto you.\" With that, Chauncey nodded solemnly and followed Fetchit's finger to the nurse's office. The cheetah was sent to the office of Mrs. Rabbitson, a rabbit nurse who cared deeply about helping students with any type of injury. \"Hello dear,\" she greeted. \"Are you hurt?\" \"Yes Mrs. Rabbitson. I'm Chauncey Cheetah, and I have a cut on my hip.\" Chauncey explained. \"Okay let's take a look at it, Chauncey.\" She suggested. Chauncey sat down on the examination table and lifted his shirt up to reveal the wound to the nurse. She gasped. \"Oh dear. We'd better clean that up and put a bandage on it.\" The nurse went to get some wound cleaning supplies from one of her cabinets. \"This might sting a little.\" She cautioned. Chauncey nodded, and winced slightly in pain as the nurse wiped his wound with the small cleaning wipe. After Mrs. Rabbitson dried off the wound, she placed a bandage on it. \"You should feel very lucky Chauncey. It's just a little cut that will heal in about two weeks.\" She offered a small smile. \"Thank you Mrs. Rabbitson. Will I still be able to play basketball and run around?\" Chauncey asked. The nurse nodded. \"You should be able to do your normal activities just fine. Make sure to keep the wound clean, and you should be all set.\" She smiled. \"Have a nice day.\" The cheetah beamed back. \"You too. Get better soon.\" The nurse smiled as they waved to each other before Chauncey left to resume his classes for the day. After school ended, the cheetah was waiting for his parents to pick him up, when Chicken Little and the others walked up to see him sitting on a bench. \"Chauncey! Are you alright?\" Chicken Little asked worriedly. Chauncey nodded. \"Yeah I'm fine. It's just a little cut man. I can still do my usual activities without any limitations according to the nurse.\" \"That's good. It sure looked a lot worse when Foxy attacked you.\" The chicken said. The cheetah nodded in agreement. \"I am proud of myself though for not fighting back. Otherwise I would've gotten in trouble as well.\" Abby sighed, feeling sympathy for Chauncey. \"Chauncey, I think I might know why she attacked you.\" Chauncey sighed and lowered his head in shame. \"Maybe it's because I've stolen her thunder as the most popular student at Oakey Oaks Middle School?\" The duckling's eyes widened in surprise. \"How did you know?\" \"Well for one thing, I was the most popular student at Oakey Oaks Elementary School. Everyone was asking to hang out with me or to have them on my team whenever we were playing basketball. Popularity though, has never meant anything to me. What matters is being the best person I can be and getting better every day. No one is perfect, not even me. I'm fully aware that I have flaws just like everyone else. Even though I'm at a different school now, I still try to be nice to others and treat them the way I would like to be treated.\" The cheetah explained. Everyone nodded in agreement. \"Truthfully said Chauncey.\" Fish tried to say. \"Thank you Fish. You're pretty cool yourself, you know.\" Chauncey winked. Fish smiled at the compliment. \"Would you guys like to come over to my place after school on Friday? It's a candyland.\" Chauncey smiled. \"Sure! I'll just have to ask my father first if it's okay.\" Chicken Little said. \"I'll have to ask my mother.\" Runt replied. \"I'm sure my parents won't mind, but I'll make sure about that.\" Abby stated. \"Sounds good!\" The cheetah exclaimed. The group talked for a few more minutes until a very fancy car pulled up to the front of the school. Chicken Little and his friends were stunned at how the car looked. It was the fanciest, most classy car they had ever seen. No other car in town had ever come close to this one. \"Well I have to go guys, but it was nice talking to you. Thank you for checking up on me about my injury. I'll see you guys tomorrow!\" Chauncey waved as he was preparing to step into the car. \"See you tomorrow Chauncey!\" Everyone exclaimed as they waved until Chauncey got into the car and it drove off. \"Did you see how that car looked? Certainly looks like he is from a rich family.\" Runt pointed out. Chicken Little nodded. \"Yeah it's the nicest car I've ever seen in town. Maybe he lives in the rich part of town, with all the huge mansions?\" \"Yeah I think so. Gosh I sure hope he isn't spoiled like the other kids from the rich families.\" Abby said. \"Well he doesn't seem that way. I'm sure that despite living in a rich family, he's just an ordinary kid trying to please as many people as possible, regardless of his social status.\" Chicken Little replied. \"Guess we'll have to wait until Friday to find out.\" Abby sighed. \"If he says his house is a candyland, then I guess he does live in a mansion after all.\" Chicken Little said. The group kept talking until their respective parents arrived to pick them up from school for the day. Would Chauncey prove that he really is a nice kid, or is he just some spoiled rich guy?[Chapter 5] Thank you keiman and kei and daisygirl101 for beta reading and helping me improve! I do not own Chicken Little. Chicken Little is owned by Disney. I only lay claim to Chauncey Cheetah, Chester Cheetah, Chelsie Cheetah, and Chip Cheetah. Chapter 5 Friday soon came, and everyone at Oakey Oaks Middle School was excited to have another weekend. After school concluded, Chicken Little and his friends were waiting with Chauncey to be picked up to see Chauncey's house. All of them had gotten permission from their parents, and they said it was okay as long as they were back before dark. The same fancy car soon pulled up, and everyone got in. To their surprise, the car was big enough to fit everyone inside of it, even Runt. Before they drove off, Chauncey introduced everyone to his family's butler, Chip Cheetah. The young cheetah explained that whenever his parents, Chester Cheetah and Chelsie Cheetah were away, Chip Cheetah was in charge of everything, such as keeping the house clean and picking Chauncey up from school. After about ten minutes of driving, the car entered a neighborhood that Chicken Little and his friends had never seen before. The neighborhood was the nicest they'd ever seen, with countless mansions leaving them in awe at their beauty. Soon they reached the edge of the neighborhood, and got out of the car. \"Welcome to the mansion, everyone. It is the biggest mansion in Oakey Oaks.\" The butler said. Chicken Little and his friends were thunderstruck at the sight before them. In front of them was a huge, beautiful mansion that appeared to be the size of a large castle. Gates at the front of it prevented any strangers from entering. Behind the gate stood an enormous, elegant fountain with smoothly flowing water. \"Well, what do you guys think?\" Chauncey wondered. \"This is your house? You're so lucky, man! It's huge!\" Chicken Little smiled. \"Yeah well I don't consider myself lucky. I love to meet new people, regardless of social status and all that. The only thing I judge people on is actions.\" Chauncey stated. \"You live in the biggest mansion in Oakey Oaks, and you don't consider yourself lucky?\" Fish tried to ask. \"As much as I love the lifestyle, I don't like to act all spoiled like other rich kids. Just not my style.\" Chauncey shrugged. Everyone nodded. \"Well, why don't I give you guys a tour?\" Chauncey asked. \"Sure thing! Can't wait to see what it looks like!\" Abby exclaimed. The butler unlocked the gates, let everyone in, then locked them again. As everyone walked by the fountain, they couldn't help but stare in awe at how it looked. \"Hey Chauncey?\" Chicken Little asked once they were inside the mansion. \"Yeah Chicken Little?\" \"Since you like basketball so much, do you have a basketball court?\" Chauncey nodded, beaming. \"Yeah we do! I could show you my shooting skills after I show you guys around the mansion.\" \"Sounds good.\" Chicken Little smiled. \"Can you really shoot from anywhere on the court, even from like the other side of the court?\" Runt wondered. \"I hate to brag, but yes I can. I've always worked to extend my range since I started playing basketball.\" \"How long have you been playing basketball?\" Chicken Little asked. \"My whole life pretty much.\" The cheetah responded. After Chauncey revealed everything inside his mansion and that his parents are usually very busy with business meetings, they were outside in the backyard. There was a huge swimming pool with a diving board, waterslide, and a basketball court inside the pool. Behind a tall nearby fence was a basketball court. It had two basketball hoops, and inside was a rack with what appeared to be at least one hundred basketballs. \"Your parents don't see you much?\" Abby asked. \"Not really, but they do care about me, and I care about them.\" Chauncey explained to them when asked about why his parents don't see him much. Chauncey's parents were owners of the most successful company in the world, and thus they had a lot of meetings to keep everything running in order. After showing them around, Chauncey was letting them watch him shoot on his basketball court. To their astonishment, Chauncey didn't miss a single shot, no matter where he shot from. Even full court shots went right through the hoop. \"You were right about one thing Chauncey. Your house is indeed a candyland.\" Chicken Little said, smiling. Chauncey chuckled. \"Yeah that's what all of my friends say about my mansion. Some said they've never been to such a nice place to live until they came here.\" Everyone nodded. \"You're going to try out for the basketball team right?\" Abby asked. \"Of course. Maybe after physical education on Monday I can talk to the coach about improving everything I need to improve. Even my shooting needs improving. No matter how good you are at something, there is always room for improvement.\" The cheetah explained. \"You said you want to work on dribbling, ball-handling, and passing right?\" The chicken asked. \"Yes. I would like to work on everything though. If I want to be the new leader of the team, I'll have to make sure that I can help the team in any way I can. Fish stated that the other day, and I really do appreciate you believing in me, Fish.\" \"No problem!\" Fish tried to say. Chauncey smiled. \"As long as I put the work in, and use any mistakes as motivation, I think we can win a championship this year and every year that I'm here at Oakey Oaks Middle School. However, I will simply take it one game at a time. We never want to rush anything and jump ahead assuming that we'll win with ease. Every game, we will be challenged. We will have to make sure we play well and trust each other.\" \"Sounds like a speech from a true basketball player!\" Runt exclaimed. \"Thanks Runt.\" The cheetah said. \"Sure thing, Chauncey.\" Runt replied. \"What would you guys like to do now? Watch a movie?\" \"Sure let's do it!\" Everyone exclaimed as Chauncey led them back into the mansion to get ready for a movie.[Chapter 6] Thank you keiman and kei and daisygirl101 for beta reading and helping me improve! I do not own Chicken Little. Chicken Little is owned by Disney. I only lay claim to Chauncey Cheetah, Chester Cheetah, Chelsie Cheetah, and Chip Cheetah. Chapter 6 \"You're an only child right?\" Chicken Little asked the cheetah. \"Yes. However, I really don't mind as I've got you guys to hang out with.\" Chauncey smiled. The group was heading to the living room as they talked. Once they entered the living room, Chicken Little and his friends were immediately stunned. In the back of the living room was the biggest TV they had ever seen. Surrounding the TV were huge, comfortable couches with armrests and small tables for food and drink. In the middle of the TV and the couches was a beautiful, shiny crystal chandelier. \"That is one big TV.\" Runt pointed out. \"It's a ninety-inch flat screen TV. Very high quality balance of colors and HD cinema.\" Chauncey said. \"Ninety inches?! How many feet is that?\" Abby wondered. \"Seven feet and six inches.\" The cheetah responded. \"You're pretty smart Chauncey.\" Chicken Little complemented. The cheetah smiled. \"What movie are we going to watch?\" The chicken asked. \"It's all up to you guys. You're the guests.\" \"What movies do you have?\" \"We have pretty much every movie. There's The Avengers, Spider-Man, Ironman, Captain America, The Lion King, Finding Nemo, Aladdin, Tarzan, Frozen, Big Hero 6, Batman, Pirates of the Caribbean, Rise of the Guardians, Shrek, you name it.\" \"What about Zootopia? That one's good.\" Fish tried to say. \"Fish asked if you have Zootopia.\" Chicken Little said. \"Oh yeah! Zootopia is one of my favorites. You guys want to watch that one?\" Chauncey asked. Everyone nodded. \"Alright. Zootopia it is!\" The cheetah exclaimed as he placed the Blu-Ray disk into his Xbox One. \"Before we start the movie, is there anything you guys would like to eat or drink while we watch the movie? We've got lots of snacks and drinks to choose from.\" \"I'd like a Sunkist and popcorn please.\" Chicken Little smiled. \"Of course!\" Chauncey beamed. \"Water and a bag of chips please.\" Runt requested. \"You got it!\" The cheetah smiled. \"For me, I guess I'd like a grape soda and popcorn please.\" Abby grinned. \"Sure thing!\" Chauncey stated as he went to the kitchen to grab everyone's snacks and drinks. Soon he and his butler returned with them. Chauncey was carrying everyone's drinks, while Chip carried the snacks. The young cheetah had gotten a container of peanuts and a bottle of chocolate milk for himself. As soon as everyone was settled, the group started the movie. After the movie had concluded and everyone had pizza for dinner, the cheetah was showing them around the mansion once again. Chauncey however, decided to wait until the time was right to show him something that his friends have not seen yet. \"Guys, I'd like you to see my secret room.\" Chauncey said. \"Secret room? What's in it?\" Chicken Little wondered. \"Oh you'll see. There are some awesome things in there that I'm very happy to have, but I haven't had a chance until now to show it to someone else.\" The cheetah explained. They were led down the stairs from the first floor to the basement. Soon they were in front of a door, the only door that was on the way down the stairs. \"This is where the magic happens.\" Chauncey winked as he opened the door. Chicken Little and his friends were astonished at what they saw next. Along the shelves of the walls were many basketball trophies and medals. At the back of the room were two arcade basketball machines, each with a high score of 99, the maximum you could get due to the fact that the scoreboard for each machine had just two digits. However, the thing that surprised Chicken Little and his friends the most was what lied in the middle of the room. In the middle of the room was a huge, metal rolling ball sculpture encased in a square-shaped exhibit. At the bottom of the tall metal swirl elevator were sixteen billiard balls. The 4-ball and 12-ball were pink, and the 7-ball and 15-ball were light brown, and the usually white cue ball had a few red dots on it. \"Wow! This is so cool Chauncey! Never knew you had something like this.\" The chicken smiled. \"Thanks Chicken Little. I had never shown this room to anyone other than my parents and Chip until now. Guess I decided that it was about time that I revealed it to the world.\" The cheetah winked. Chicken Little couldn't help but chuckle. \"Were you in like a youth basketball league or something?\" The cheetah nodded. \"Yes I was. The good old days. We won a lot of championships during the time I played for them, and I was named MVP every time. The season typically ran from the start of Winter Break in December until the end of July. The championship game was usually held at a very special arena where the pros play. I started playing for them when I was the minimum age required to be in it, which was when I was five, until this past summer. I'm 12 now, and that is the maximum age you can be to be in the league. Everyone knew me for my shooting skills and how I would always get hot and carry my team to victory. Keep in mind though that I never wanted to score every single point for my team. I cared very deeply about getting my teammates involved as well. That is something I must do to be the new leader of the boys' basketball team.\" Everyone smiled at the cheetah's selflessness. Would his caring personality be enough for him to be a great leader? Surely it had to be. \"You should turn on the rolling ball sculpture!\" Runt said. \"Of course Runt! I have to admit that this thing is the best thing my parents had ever got me. It's perfect for killing time whenever you're bored.\" The cheetah stated as he went to a switch on the wall and turned on the sculpture. After watching the sculpture for about two hours, it was time for Chicken Little and his friends to return home. Chauncey said goodbye to everyone, and happily waved as he watched their parents drive off into the beautiful, clear night.[Chapter 7] Thank you keiman and kei and daisygirl101 for beta reading and helping me improve! I do not own Chicken Little. Chicken Little is owned by Disney. I only lay claim to Chauncey Cheetah, Chester Cheetah, Chelsie Cheetah, and Chip Cheetah. Chapter 7 On Monday, at lunch, there were a lot more students sitting at Chauncey Cheetah's table. Chicken Little and his friends took notice of this, and figured that Chauncey's good personality was part of the reason why he had more students at his table than last time. \"I can't believe that there are already more students at Chauncey's table. Guess his good personality has at least something to do with it?\" Chicken Little said to his friends. Everyone nodded in agreement. \"Yeah, but I think Foxy still doesn't like him. That's why she's trying to sit as far as possible from him.\" Runt pointed out. \"Maybe you're right Runt. Could be that Foxy doesn't like Chauncey taking the popularity away from her. Since last Wednesday, she's been leading her friends to a table farther away from Chauncey and the other sixth graders.\" The chicken agreed. Abby sighed, \"Do you think she'll eventually get over it? She can't dislike him forever.\" \"I'm afraid not for a while if ever Abby. It really pains me to know that Chauncey is such a good kid, but there's someone who doesn't like him.\" Chicken Little said. \"Well you can't please everyone Chicken Little. With how many people are on the planet, there's bound to be someone who doesn't like another.\" Abby stated. \"I guess that's the harshness of reality?\" Fish tried to say. \"I'm afraid so Fish. Just hope that Foxy doesn't attack Chauncey again like she did the other day. If she does, I hope she'll get suspended for it.\" Abby said. \"You can say that again.\" Chicken Little agreed. Physical education came all but too quickly for everyone. Chauncey however, was curious to know what they were doing today. He desperately hoped it would be basketball. If it was, then he would ask the coach if he could speak to him after class. \"Okay class. Today we are doing basketball. Popular on this side, unpopular on this side.\" He gestured to the two main basketball hoops in the gymnasium. \"We will be playing two games of speed. Last one standing on each team will face each other on the popular side of the gym. Let's begin!\" Everyone made two lines at both hoops and began to play speed. After about five minutes however, the coach saw that Chauncey was making every single shot he took. He walked over to the cheetah and asked him to stop playing for a moment, assuring him that he wasn't out. \"Chauncey Cheetah, you'd better go to the popular side.\" The coach said. \"Yes coach.\" The cheetah replied as he walked over to the popular side of the gym. Chicken Little, Abby, Runt, and Fish watched as the cheetah continued making his way to join the popular kids. As he did, he caught a glance at the four, who nodded with encouragement. Foxy glared at Chauncey, but the cheetah just walked forward and got ready to resume his game of speed. Soon, it was down to just Ryan Rabbit on the unpopular kids' side. Foxy Loxy and Chauncey Cheetah were the only two kids remaining on the popular side. Whoever won was to face Ryan Rabbit in a one-on-one game of speed. Both the cheetah and vixen kept making every shot they took, both determined to advance and face the rabbit. There were about fifteen minutes left in physical education when Chauncey Cheetah knocked down yet another shot, and Foxy was right behind him. As soon as she was in shooting form, she took her shot, and got off yet another clean look. However, Foxy's shot bonked off the left side of the rim, and sailed to the other side of the gym as Chauncey rushed back to the three-point line to take another shot. Before the vixen could rush back to keep herself from being eliminated, Chauncey calmly sank a shot to win the popular side and face Ryan Rabbit, much to her anger. Everyone held their breath as the cheetah and the rabbit began taking shots from a line about eight feet behind the arc. Just like the battle between the cheetah and Foxy, the shots kept going in for both Ryan Rabbit and Chauncey Cheetah. Both sides could only stare in awe at the show both kids were putting on before them. Nevertheless, the battle was eventually won by Chauncey Cheetah. Unlike Foxy however, the rabbit congratulated him on winning, and shook hands with the tall cheetah. \"We have a winner! Chauncey Cheetah!\" The coach announced. Everyone clapped and cheered for the cheetah, except Foxy. The vixen just sat there, glaring at him. After class concluded, Chicken Little and his friends made their way to the gymnasium exit to go to their next class. \"Are you coming Chauncey?\" The chicken asked. \"I'll catch up with you guys later.\" Chauncey replied. The chicken and his friends smiled as they exited the gym, leaving Chauncey alone with the coach. \"Hey coach?\" Chauncey called to the coach. The coach turned around to face the tall cheetah. \"Chauncey Cheetah. What can I do for you?\" \"Well, I was wondering if there is anyone at the school who can help me get better at basketball?\" \"You didn't miss a shot in class. I don't see any reason that you would need to improve.\" The coach said. \"I still think I could get better at shooting, but that's not my main concern though. What I need to do is get better at everything else.\" The coach thought about it for a moment before stating, \"I'll see if the head boys' basketball coach can help you tomorrow after school. He is also a teacher, so he won't be able to help you right now. After school tomorrow though, I'm pretty sure he'll be able to show you how it's done.\" \"Thanks coach.\" \"Not a problem. You'd better get to class before you're late.\" \"Will do. See you tomorrow coach!\" The cheetah exclaimed as he waved to the coach and left the gymnasium.[Chapter 8] Thank you keiman and kei and daisygirl101 for beta reading and helping me improve! I do not own Chicken Little. Chicken Little is owned by Disney. I only lay claim to Chauncey Cheetah, Chester Cheetah, Chelsie Cheetah, and Chip Cheetah. Chapter 8 After school concluded the next day, Chicken Little and his friends went home to complete their homework assignments. Chauncey Cheetah had already completed his homework for the day, so he headed to the gymnasium to begin his training. Once he got there, the coach was waiting for him, along with a donkey that he wasn't familiar with. Nevertheless, he guessed that he was the head basketball coach of the boys' basketball team. \"Good afternoon Chauncey Cheetah! I'd like to introduce you to the head boys' basketball coach. Mr. Doug Donkey.\" The coach greeted. They shook hands before the cheetah turned his attention to the donkey. \"Hello Chauncey. I was told that you needed to improve your basketball skills. Am I right?\" Doug Donkey asked. \"Yes. I want to improve on not only my shooting, but everything else as well.\" The cheetah explained. \"Very well. Let's get started, shall we?\" Chauncey nodded enthusiastically. After the coach got them a good basketball, Doug handed the ball to the tall cheetah. \"Okay Chauncey. The key to the game of basketball is obviously getting as many points as possible.\" The cheetah nodded, understanding. \"I would first like you to take a shot from full court.\" The cheetah obeyed without question, and calmly sank the shot. Doug stood there in astonishment before he said, \"We'll work on your shooting at the end. For now, let's work on your dribbling, passing, ball-handling, and other skills needed to play basketball.\" Chauncey did exactly as he was told, and began to dribble the ball. Doug stood in front of him, instructing him to keep the ball in his possession and not let him get a steal. The cheetah struggled to not lose the ball at first. He would either dribble the ball off his foot, or get caught off guard when Doug stole the ball right out of his hands. Unwilling to give up, the cheetah kept trying until he succeeded in keeping the ball in his possession. The donkey was astonished at how quickly Chauncey got the hang of it. Soon the cheetah was dribbling two basketballs at once, and no matter what Doug tried to do, he just couldn't get any of the basketballs out of Chauncey's possession. Every time he did, the cheetah would do some extraordinarily crafty moves to ensure his dribbling continued while he prevented the donkey from stealing either ball from him. After dribbling for a good half hour, Chauncey was instructed to practice his passing, footwork, and many other skills needed to play a good game of basketball. Doug could only watch in awe at the performances of the tall, fast cheetah. Had he finally found a new leader of the boys' basketball team? Could Chauncey Cheetah be the perfect replacement for the injured Brett Bear? The donkey continued to watch the cheetah pull of some ridiculous crossovers and passes that he had never seen before. Doug had watched many professional basketball games, and he had never seen any of the players pull off such moves that Chauncey had. After two hours, Chauncey's practice was complete. \"You've done well, Chauncey. I think you'd make a great leader on the team this upcoming season. Basketball try outs are in two months.\" \"Thank you Mr. Donkey. I'll try my best to work hard and get better at everything.\" \"In all honesty, I don't think you can really improve that much. Other than a few mistakes at the beginning, you got the hang of it in less than five minutes. You pulled some things off that I've never seen even the best basketball players in history do before.\" The cheetah couldn't help but smile. \"Well there's always room for improvement, no matter how good you are at something. Everybody makes mistakes, even me. However, I will make sure to make as few mistakes as I can when try outs begin. If I make the team, I'll make sure we win the championship.\" \"Spoken like a true leader.\" The donkey beamed. \"With how skilled you are, you shouldn't have any trouble making the team this year.\" \"I appreciate it. Despite my height, I don't think I want to play center like you might be thinking.\" The cheetah said. \"Why not? You're the tallest student at the school. No one is even within a foot of your height.\" \"I'd like to play shooting guard because I'm best at shooting. Sure I can do everything else, like blocking shots and such, but I've played shooting guard the whole time I've played the sport.\" Doug was left in silence for a moment. He nodded in comprehension. \"I will consider making you our starting shooting guard if you do well in try outs. Should anyone get injured over the course of the season, I may have to ask you to play another position if you're up to the task.\" \"I'd be up for anything to ensure we win it all this year.\" The cheetah smiled, hazel eyes filled with determination. \"That's the spirit! Again, you did a great job today. I think all of the other basketball players will be impressed to see you do what you do when you play basketball. As I said, I've never seen anything like it. Never.\" Doug stated. \"Thanks again! I'll definitely do whatever I can to make sure I do as well as possible.\" The cheetah said. The donkey nodded with a smile. \"Well I have to go grade some papers now, but if you would like to do some more training and practice before try outs, please don't hesitate to stop by my classroom after school.\" \"Sounds good! I'll see you later!\" \"See you later Chauncey. Have a nice day.\" \"You too!\" The cheetah exclaimed as they waved to each other and the cheetah left the gym. Chauncey smiled as he made his way to the front door of the school. Perhaps this first year of middle school would be a great one for him and his buddies. \"I promise, Mr. Donkey, that this year will be our year.\" The cheetah thought.[Chapter 9] Thank you keiman and kei and daisygirl101 for beta reading and helping me improve! I do not own Chicken Little. Chicken Little is owned by Disney. I only lay claim to Chauncey Cheetah, Chester Cheetah, Chelsie Cheetah, and Chip Cheetah. Chapter 9 Soon October came. The days were getting shorter and cooler. Oakey Oaks had a rare snowfall in September. School got cancelled on the first Monday of the month due to a snowstorm. Despite that however, Chauncey used the time to practice his basketball skills and study his schoolwork, especially from Mutton. Thankfully, his family's mansion had an indoor basketball court in case of bad weather. The young cheetah knew that with the heavy snow, he wouldn't be able to plow all the snow off the outdoor court before more snow piled up. Basketball tryouts were only a few weeks away, and Chauncey wanted to be on the team and help them win a championship. After he finished his practicing and studying, he decided to pay Chicken Little a visit. Traveling through the snowstorm and deep snow wasn't too big of a problem for Chauncey, as cheetahs were the fastest animals on land. It took the young cheetah only five minutes to get to Chicken Little's house. Walking up to the doorstep, he knocked on the door, and Buck Cluck, Chicken Little's father, answered. His eyes widened at how tall Chauncey was. \"Hello Mr. Cluck. How are you doing?\" The cheetah greeted. \"I'm doing well. How about yourself?\" He said somewhat slowly, eyes still wide. \"Despite the weather, I'm great.\" Chauncey smiled, before it faltered when he saw Buck Cluck's wide eyes. \"You alright Mr. Cluck?\" Chauncey wondered. Finally, Buck Cluck's eyes narrowed to normal and he gave the cheetah an assuring smile. \"Yeah I'm okay. It's just that I'm astonished at how tall you are.\" He said. Chauncey chuckled. \"Don't worry about it. Pretty much everyone I meet is surprised at my height.\" \"I could imagine. Anyway, why don't you come in? It's pretty cold out.\" The rooster made a welcoming gesture. \"Thank you.\" The cheetah smiled as he made his way into the house, ducking under the door frame. Just then, a very cold breeze suddenly made it difficult for Buck Cluck to close the door. As he struggled, Chauncey immediately rushed over to help him close the door. A few snowflakes made their way into the house as they finally got the door shut. \"What's your name kid?\" Buck asked. \"I'm Chauncey Cheetah. I made friends with Chicken Little, your son.\" Chauncey greeted, offering his huge paw. \"Pleasure to meet you Chauncey.\" The rooster smiled as he took the cheetah's paw and shook it. \"Would you like some hot chocolate?\" Buck offered. \"Yes please.\" Chauncey smiled. The rooster smiled. \"Chicken Little is with Abby, Runt, and Fish in the kitchen playing Monopoly if you would like to join them.\" \"Thanks Mr. Cluck!\" Chauncey beamed. \"Of course Chauncey.\" Buck smiled as they went into the kitchen. The cheetah saw Chicken Little, Abby Mallard, Runt, and Fish playing Monopoly, each with their own mug of hot chocolate. Chicken Little's father went to make some hot chocolate for Chauncey as the cheetah sat down with his friends. \"Hey Chauncey! What's up?\" Chicken Little greeted. \"Nothing much. What about you guys?\" \"We're just drinking hot chocolate while playing Monopoly. Would you like to play with us? We just finished our last game.\" \"Yes please!\" The cheetah beamed. As they were playing their game, Abby decided to ask the cheetah what he had been up to before he came over. \"Hey Chauncey? What did you do before you came over?\" The duckling asked. \"I just practiced for upcoming tryouts and studied for an upcoming exam in Mutton.\" The cheetah explained. Abby groaned. \"Mutton is not an easy class.\" \"Yeah.\" Chicken Little agreed. \"It's not that bad if you take it seriously. School is something that can't be taken lightly if you want to get a good job when you grow up.\" Chauncey stated. \"I guess that's true.\" Runt said. \"It is, but there is obviously some class that you won't like as much as others. Personally, I like physical education the best because it's about playing sports and having fun.\" The cheetah said. Everyone nodded in agreement. \"What would you like to be when you grow up?\" Fish tried to ask. \"Since I'm a huge basketball guy, I guess I would like to be a professional basketball player. I've seen the ridiculous plays of the all-time greats who have played the game. My favorite is perhaps the fade away buzzer beater by Charles Cat. I saw that play when I was a young kid. Although he retired after the season ended, he retired a champion. That shot was what won the championship for his team. Hopefully that's me someday.\" Chauncey explained. \"Cool! I bet you'll be an all-time great!\" Fish tried to gasp. Just as Chauncey began to speak, Buck Cluck brought hot chocolate over for the young cheetah. \"I'll try Fish. Just don't want to get ahead of myself. I'll take it one day at a time. One game at a time, and one season at a time.\" The cheetah said with determination. \"Spoken like a true future superstar.\" Chicken Little smiled. \"Yeah. You look like you know what to do.\" Abby added. The cheetah beamed at the compliments. \"What about you guys? You know what you want to be when you grow up?\" Chauncey wondered. \"I don't know just yet. Since I'm only 12, I've still got time to think about it. I mean, we're only in middle school. Surely we have time to figure out what we want to do for a living and have a career in.\" Chicken Little contemplated. \"You make a valid point Chicken Little.\" The cheetah agreed. \"You think you'll be ready for tryouts at the end of the month?\" Runt asked, slightly worriedly. The cheetah nodded. \"As long as I keep practicing and improving in any way, I think this could be our year to finally win it all.\" Runt smiled. \"Hopefully we can repeat as champions in baseball too.\" Chicken Little said. \"Weren't you the one who hit the game winning hit at the end of the game last year?\" Chauncey asked. The chicken smiled and nodded. \"Yes. It was a very happy moment. The first time we had won the pennant in two decades.\" \"Wow! That's awesome man! I'll make sure to watch you when baseball season comes around.\" Chauncey smiled. \"I would appreciate that Chauncey. In return, we'll all come to your basketball games.\"[Chapter 10] Thank you keiman and kei and daisygirl101 for beta reading and helping me improve! I do not own Chicken Little. Chicken Little is owned by Disney. I only lay claim to Chauncey Cheetah, Chester Cheetah, Chelsie Cheetah, and Chip Cheetah. Chapter 10 Basketball tryouts came faster than Chauncey thought they would. He knew that it was his chance to prove himself and help the team win and get better along the way. Chicken Little and his friends had wished him luck after school, and the cheetah immediately went to the boys' locker room to change into gym clothes. After he was dressed, he headed to the gymnasium to practice and warm up. Once he had finished practicing, he went home and had a hearty dinner, then returned to school as tryouts were to begin. Surprisingly, he was there a whole hour before the coach finally showed up. Doug Donkey also showed up, and smiled once he saw the young cheetah. \"Welcome to tryouts Chauncey. Are you ready to rock?\" Doug Donkey greeted. \"Ready as I'll ever be.\" Chauncey smiled. An hour later, tryouts began. About seventy other boys showed up for trying out for the team. The boys all huddled around, whispering to each other before the coach cleared his throat. \"Good evening boys. Welcome to basketball tryouts. Tonight, for the next four days, we are here to find out who will make our boys' basketball team this year. Unfortunately, we need a new leader for the team as Brett Bear is still recovering from his ACL injury he suffered last season. We will find out who will be worthy of a leader after the fourth day of tryouts. Along with a leader, there will be fourteen other players under his leadership. Now, any questions or concerns?\" No one raised their hand. \"Good, now let's get started with slides.\" Everyone made ten rows of seven boys each as their got ready to do slides. \"Before we begin, I must tell you the keys to slides. Every time, for at least 30 seconds, you must play good defense to keep the other team from scoring easy layups. The key is keeping your guy in front of you. Should you be off-balance, that guy can drive and get an easy bucket, which is why you must be balanced the entire time. Now, are we ready? When I blow the whistle, we will do slides for one minute and then exaggeration for three minutes. We will do slides five times.\" The boys got ready, and soon the coach blew the whistle. As the boys began doing slides, Doug Donkey kept an eye on Chauncey. As he was a cheetah, he wasn't surprised that he was doing slides significantly faster than everyone else. Not only were his strides wider than everyone else, but his reactions were so quick that he did at least four slides every second. Next the boys did shooting. After a while, everyone, even the coaches, could only stare in awe at the shooting display Chauncey was putting up. The cheetah was even shooting full court shots, and they still went in with ease. Even if anyone put pressure on him, the cheetah simply tuned them out, stayed locked in, and sank every shot he took. The cheetah impressed the coaches with everything. Defense, rebounding, running, dribbling, handling, and everything else seemed much too easy for the cheetah. Chauncey was even dribbling a dozen basketballs at once, and no matter what the other boys tried to do, they just couldn't get any of the balls out of the tall cheetah's grasp. The first day of tryouts concluded, and soon all the boys headed home. Except Chauncey. He stayed a little later than everyone else and kept his practicing going. Doug Donkey walked up to the cheetah just as he completed a spinning reverse dunk. \"Whoa! Nice dunk!\" He exclaimed. \"Thanks, Mr. Donkey.\" Chauncey smiled as he grabbed the ball, let himself fall from the rim and landed on his feet. \"Of course. You really impressed everyone today. Not once did you mess anything up, miss a shot, or even lose one ball to anyone when you were dribbling twelve balls at once. I think you and I should do private tryouts, where I train you, and everyone else just stays here and trains with the other coach.\" Doug said. \"Okay? How are we going to do that?\" The cheetah wondered. \"Come with me.\" The donkey stated, and Chauncey obeyed without question. The cheetah quickly grabbed his jacket when he saw the donkey head outside in the snow. After walking for a while, they found themselves at a basketball court in the middle of downtown Oakey Oaks. The court was covered in deep snow, and icicles hung from every part of the basketball hoops. \"Why are we here coach?\" The cheetah wondered. \"This is where I made my first ever three-pointer.\" Doug said. Chauncey took that into thought for a moment. Then he remembered something. \"Me too. I used to live about seven hours from here, but I made my first ever three-pointer on this particular hoop.\" He explained, pointing to the hoop farthest from them. \"Are you serious?\" Doug wondered, astonished. \"Yeah. I was just a little kid back then. Five years old I think.\" Chauncey said. \"Hmmm…I didn't make a three-pointer until I was nine.\" The donkey said. They both smiled at each other as the snow continued to fall lightly and elegantly. Just then Chauncey looked above him and saw a huge snowflake falling toward them. Moving to where it would land, the cheetah carefully caught it, and showed it to Doug. \"Holy smokes! That is the largest snowflake I've ever seen! I wonder if it's bigger than a basketball.\" He wondered, reaching into his gym bag and pulling out a basketball. Chauncey gently moved the snowflake over the ball, and measured it. \"Must be about thirteen inches. Pretty big snowflake.\" Doug said. \"Yeah, but the biggest ever was fifteen inches in Montana, I think.\" Chauncey replied. \"Probably was very cold that day.\" The cheetah nodded in agreement. \"Are there any other things about basketball you want to talk about?\" The cheetah asked. Doug Donkey nodded and smiled, and began explaining his story about basketball and what led him to becoming a coach.[Chapter 11] Thank you keiman and kei and daisygirl101 for beta reading and helping me improve! I do not own Chicken Little. Chicken Little is owned by Disney. I only lay claim to Chauncey Cheetah, Chester Cheetah, Chelsie Cheetah, and Chip Cheetah. Chapter 11 The next few days were a breeze for Chauncey Cheetah. After Doug Donkey stated that he would train the tall cheetah personally, he was a man of his word. Doug taught Chauncey a variety of moves that he learned when he was on the boys' basketball team with Oakey Oaks High School. One was dribbling with his eyes closed, and another was how to relax before every game. In his senior year in high school, the Acorns won it all behind the backs of the donkeys' stellar play. He had a triple-double in the championship game, with 47 points, 15 rebounds, and 12 assists. With his performance, Doug was named MVP. Then the donkey explained how he went to coaching after graduating from high school. He started out as a coach for a youth basketball team until he was named head coach of the boys' basketball team of Oakey Oaks Middle School about four years after graduating from Oakey Oaks University. \"Wow! That's an amazing story!\" Chauncey exclaimed as he continued to masterfully dribble several basketballs at once. \"Thank you very much Chauncey. Glad you think so.\" The donkey beamed. The cheetah however, was still curious on why he chose his coaching career. \"If you were so good at basketball, then why not continue? You could've led Oakey Oaks University to at least one championship and possibly gone off to the pros.\" \"I was heavily thinking about doing that after we won it all my senior year in high school. No matter what happened that year, we were just a great team, and got better as the season marched on. However, after a very inspirational talk from the teams' head coach that year, I decided to follow his footsteps, and pursue a career in coaching. At first, I regretted the decision, but I chose to follow my passion just like every else follows theirs.\" Doug explained. The cheetah understandingly nodded, taking in the words he just heard. \"Definitely makes sense.\" Chauncey remarked. Doug nodded. \"Since today is the last day of tryouts, our team will be announced after they conclude. One boy I know will for sure be a virtual lock to return to our team is Ryan Rabbit. He was one of our best players last year besides Brett Bear, known for his three-point shooting and crafty dribbles.\" \"I agree. In physical education, he and I competed in a game of speed. Although I won, he congratulated me. That tells me that he's a good sport.\" Chauncey said. \"He is a good sport indeed. After we lost the championship game last year, he was visibly devastated, just like me and the rest of the team. Nonetheless, he congratulated Fred Fox of the Spud Valley Taters for winning back-to-back championships as well as back-to-back MVPs.\" The donkey stated. \"That is being a good sport. While I've never lost a game of basketball before, I would've done the same thing if I was on the team last year.\" Chauncey replied. \"Well said Chauncey.\" Doug complimented, admiring the cheetah's maturity level despite being just twelve years of age. The cheetah smiled as he continued practicing and putting on a show in front of the awestruck donkey. That night, just as tryouts concluded, the coach blew his whistle, which sounded and echoed across the walls of the gymnasium. \"All right boys. Listen up. Today was our last day of tryouts, and that means we will select our team for this year.\" Just then, Chauncey Cheetah and Doug Donkey walked into the gymnasium in silence. Whispers sounded from the boys as they wondered what was going on. \"Doug Donkey and I will talk to each and every one of you personally to tell you if you make the team or not. Until your turn comes, please find a hoop and take turns shooting ten free throws each.\" All the boys did as they were told, rushing to the racks of basketballs and grabbing a ball before heading to the nearest basketball hoop. As the coach watched the boys, Doug Donkey and Chauncey Cheetah walked up to him. \"Hey coach?\" Doug asked. \"Yeah Doug?\" The coach responded. \"I would like you and I to talk to Chauncey personally about whether he made the team or not.\" The donkey explained. \"Sure. Right this way.\" The coach said as the three made their way to the exit of the gym. Chauncey was getting a little nervous. While he was confident that he would make the team, another part of him was telling him that there might be a chance we wouldn't be on the team. Nevertheless, he decided to see what both coaches had to say. After they were just outside the gym and had closed the door, Doug was the first one to speak. \"I am very proud of you Chauncey. You've impressed me with everything you can do. What I like most about you though is that you always have a great attitude and are willing to work hard to get better.\" Doug began. Chauncey nodded, listening eagerly. \"With this in mind, I would like to announce that you are the new leader of the boys' basketball team. Congratulations Chauncey Cheetah.\" Doug smiled broadly as he held out his hand to the tall cheetah. Chauncey couldn't hold back the adrenaline coursing through him as he gratefully took the donkey's hand. \"Thank you so much coach! You have no idea how much this means to me and our school!\" Chauncey exclaimed. \"Of course. It really is going to mean a lot when we can have a great season this year.\" Doug smiled back. \"Well done Chauncey. Welcome to the team.\" The coach said. \"Thanks coach.\" The cheetah smiled. \"Not a problem Chauncey.\" The coach stated before clearing his throat. \"Now that you are on the team, I'd like to say something.\" Chauncey nodded, listening. \"We only choose the hardest working basketball players on our team. Boys who will be willing to do anything on the court to ensure that we have a successful season. That means making plays for teammates, and listening to what the coach has to say. After last year, I'd like to see us get over the hump this year. Am I clear?\" \"Crystal coach.\" Chauncey stated. \"Alright. Again, congrats. Our first game of the season is the beginning of November. Practice will begin next week.\" \"Sounds good coach.\" The cheetah said. \"You've done very well Chauncey. Please keep it up.\" Doug encouraged. With a solemn nod, the cheetah replied, \"I will not let you down coach.\"[Chapter 12] Thank you keiman and kei and daisygirl101 for beta reading and helping me improve! I do not own Chicken Little. Chicken Little is owned by Disney. I only lay claim to Chauncey Cheetah, Chester Cheetah, Chelsie Cheetah, and Chip Cheetah. Chapter 12 \"That's great to hear Chauncey! I'm proud of you man!\" Chicken Little exclaimed. \"Congratulations Chauncey.\" Abby beamed. \"Well done Chauncey.\" Runt smiled. \"You did it Chauncey! Your hard work paid off!\" Fish tried to say. The Cheetah was flattered by the praise he was receiving. \"Thank you very much guys. I appreciate it. The first game of the season is the beginning of November, and that's not far away.\" The cheetah said. Everyone was gathered at Chicken Little's house, drinking hot chocolate to offset the biting cold outside. \"We'll be coming to every game. Just for you Chauncey. We'll be there every night to support you and the team.\" Chicken Little stated. \"I appreciate it man. We'll need all the support we can get.\" The cheetah smiled. \"Speaking of sports, would you guys mind if I borrowed Chauncey for a moment?\" Buck Cluck asked. \"Yeah. Sure dad!\" His son exclaimed. Chicken Little's father smiled as he led the tall cheetah to the living room. \"I remember when I was on the baseball team in junior high and high school. We never lost a game and won it all every year.\" Buck said. \"That's amazing. I've heard about you in physical education a few times. Also, the trophies in the hallway have your name on them.\" Chauncey replied. \"Yeah, but I'm here to talk about what you must do to succeed in sports.\" Buck said. \"Okay.\" Chauncey replied. \"You see, whenever it comes to sports, you must always do your best, no matter what. Don't forget to involve your teammates as well. No matter what sport it is, never have it all about you putting on a show and leaving others on your team out. The most important thing about sports is working together. No one, even the best of them, can do it all by themselves.\" Buck explained. \"I agree. How could you win if you do it all by yourself?\" The cheetah asked, shrugging his shoulders. \"It's simple. You can't.\" Buck stated. The cheetah nodded in agreement. \"Even though I was the star for my respective teams in both junior high and high school, I never made it all about me. All I truly cared about was making sure that everyone on my team got involved in some way, and winning championships.\" Buck said. \"That's what I care about too. Stats don't matter to me. I mean sure, my stats tend to be great, but I only care about helping my team get better and winning championships. That's what I'd like to help the team do this year. Win a championship.\" Chauncey said. Buck couldn't help but smile. \"Then you should succeed Chauncey.\" \"I'll do my best.\" The cheetah smiled back. \"Well, why don't you get back to hanging out with my son and his friends? I've got a few things to do.\" Buck suggested. \"I will. Thank you for the advice.\" Chauncey said. \"You're welcome.\" Buck replied, beaming. Soon it was back to playing games with everyone for Chauncey. The games they played were so much fun. Chauncey enjoyed strategy games in particular whenever he played games. As he was a basketball player, he always wanted to make the right play for his team. In strategy games, he always made the right moves to guarantee his team a victory. It was almost like playing basketball with controllers to him. \"Hey guys? Do you ever play video games?\" Chauncey asked. \"Yeah. Sometimes we play singing games. What about you?\" Abby asked. \"Generally, I more of a strategic kind of guy whenever I play video games. Any game that involves strategy will generally draw my interest.\" Chauncey explained. \"What's your favorite video game?\" Chicken Little wondered. \"I'd have to say Star Wars. Ever since I saw Star Wars for the first time, I've just enjoyed the visuals and all the lightsabers and such. It's pretty cool when you get to choose which character you are and help him or her defeat their enemies.\" Chauncey explained. \"That's cool.\" Runt said. Everyone nodded in agreement. \"Who's your favorite Star Wars character?\" Fish tried to ask the cheetah. \"Luke Skywalker. Since he is a Jedi and Jedi are the good guys.\" The tall cheetah beamed. \"That's really cool!\" Chicken Little smiled. Chauncey smiled back. \"You think you're ready for the season to begin?\" Runt asked. \"Of course, Runt. I've been looking forward to it ever since the beginning of the school year. After what happened last year, I think we can redeem ourselves as long as everyone can stay healthy and make the right plays.\" Chauncey told him. \"I agree with you Chauncey. You know who our biggest rivals are right?\" Chicken Little asked. The cheetah nodded. \"The Spud Valley Taters.\" \"Yeah we had to go against them in the championship game last year when I was on the baseball team. I sat the whole season until I was called to bat, even though everyone was worried that I'd lose the game for them.\" Chicken Little sighed. Chauncey couldn't help but frown. \"What? Why did they doubt you? You won it for them, and they didn't believe you could do it?\" The chicken nodded. \"After I had two strikes thrown at me, I was determined to hit the ball. Sure enough, I did. Then I barely got a home run to win the game for us. It was great to do something right. Our first time winning the pennant in two decades.\" \"That's a great story Chicken Little! I'm hoping to not only win a championship for the basketball team, but if I try out for baseball, the baseball team as well.\" Chauncey beamed. Chicken Little grinned. \"I hope so too man. Repeating as champions would be nice, but we have to take it one game at a time.\" Everyone nodded in agreement. \"I agree. To Oakey Oaks!\" He lifted up his hot chocolate mug. \"To Oakey Oaks!\" Everyone stated as they clinked their mugs together and enjoyed their hot chocolate.[Chapter 13] Thank you keiman and kei and daisygirl101 for beta reading and helping me improve! I do not own Chicken Little. Chicken Little is owned by Disney. I only lay claim to Chauncey Cheetah, Chester Cheetah, Chelsie Cheetah, and Chip Cheetah. Chapter 13 November arrived a few days later. After school concluded for the day, everyone was getting ready for the first boys' basketball game of the season. All of the students and their parents were there. Teachers were also there, along with mayor Turkey Lurkey and many other civilians. For the first time since their previous championship season, the first game of the season was sold out. Chicken Little and his friends got there early to get front row seats. Their parents were also with them. They had large popcorns, sodas, and many other snacks that the concession stand offered. Chauncey had talked to them once they arrived, and they wished the tall cheetah luck. \"Well this is it. The beginning of basketball season. I can't wait to see how Chauncey does in his first game with the team.\" Chicken Little said. \"Me neither.\" Abby agreed. Runt was wolfing down some popcorn and Fish had an acorn colored face and a symbol on his chest. Buck Cluck couldn't help but smile at how excited his son and his friends were for the young cheetah. It reminded him of his high school days when he won the pennant all four years while playing for the baseball team. Obviously, he knew that basketball and baseball were different in many ways, but at the same time, he couldn't help but think of a few ways they were similar. Both sports required hard work and getting everyone involved in some way. Soon everyone directed their attention to the entrance of the boys' locker room. Everyone on the Acorns' side of the gym was pumped up. They were eager to see who was on their team this year. After the opponents' starters were introduced, the Dog Announcer stated into his microphone, \"Now, the starting lineup for your Oakey Oaks Acorns!\" Everyone cheered as their starting lineup made their way to their benches. After the first four starters were introduced, Chauncey Cheetah was introduced, and everyone went delirious. Lots of the residents realized how talented the tall cheetah was, and they thought they could win it all with him on the team. The tall cheetah had kindly requested to wear the number fifteen on his jersey, and Doug Donkey granted his request. Soon tip-off arrived. Chauncey was chosen to try and win the opening tip, and he did with ease. No one on the court was even within a foot of his height. Combine that with the fact that the cheetah also had incredibly long arms as well. On the first possession of the game. Ryan Rabbit found Chauncey wide open for a three-pointer, which he didn't hesitate for a second to shoot. Nothing but net. From that point forward, everything went well for the Acorns. During the course of the game, shots were not just falling for the team, but Chauncey was displaying how crafty he can be with the basketball in his hands. Everyone watched in awe at the display they were seeing before them. It wasn't just the offense that was going well, but their defense as well. By the end of the first half, it was 64-19, in favor of the Acorns. In the second half however, the Acorns seriously caught fire. Chauncey would hit a whopping twelve threes in the third quarter alone, while teammate Ryan Rabbit had ten threes in the same period, as the Acorns were simply too much for their opponent to handle. The crowd was going crazy after the fourth three of the quarter. On the other hand, fans of the opponent were leaving early, unable to watch their team get beat so badly. The tall cheetah didn't even need to play in the fourth quarter. The Acorns' stellar play kept right on going, even with their bench unit. What looked like a game that would be close, ended up being a very easy 174-49 victory for the Acorns. After the game had concluded, and Doug Donkey gave a speech to his players, Chauncey was now chatting with his friends. \"Wow Chauncey! You sure hit a lot of threes tonight.\" Runt said, amazed at what he saw over the course of the game. \"Thanks Runt. I did, as I'm best at shooting. However, I must make sure to be good at everything else. We still have a long season ahead of us, but it was a great first game if I must say.\" The cheetah smiled. \"If you guys keep playing like this, we should have no trouble winning the championship.\" Chicken Little said. \"We just ran the other team out of the arena tonight.\" Abby stated with confidence. \"Sure felt like that. Nonetheless, we can never take any team lightly as they may catch fire on any given night. What we must do is always look for ways to get better so we don't make the same mistakes in the next game.\" Chauncey explained. \"I really like your positivity, Chauncey.\" Chicken Little stated. \"Thanks, Chicken Little. I appreciate that. I'm always optimistic on everything, even when things don't go the way I planned. Sometimes you've got to be ready for things like that.\" The cheetah said. Everyone nodded in agreement. After everyone left the gym for the night, Chicken Little and his friends decided to join Chauncey and his buddies on going to get some ice cream at the local ice cream parlor. Everyone had a great time. They talked, and said some jokes that caused everyone to burst out into laughter. Soon everyone went home to get some much-needed rest. Chauncey was sitting in his bed, looking at the numerous awards he had won since he began to play basketball. He hoped to add many more in his basketball career. The cheetah had been playing basketball his entire life, and it had been the only thing that he loved to do. One day, he hoped to go down as one of the greatest basketball players to ever live. Smiling at the thought, Chauncey turned off his chandelier, and fell into a blissful sleep.[Chapter 14] Thank you keiman and kei and daisygirl101 for beta reading and helping me improve! I do not own Chicken Little. Chicken Little is owned by Disney. I only lay claim to Chauncey Cheetah. Chapter 14 \"Hey Chauncey! May we sit with you and your buddies at your table today?\" One of Foxy's friends asked, much to the surprise of Chicken Little and his friends. The cheetah smiled and nodded. \"Of course!\" Beaming, Foxy's friends, including Goosey Loosey, took a seat with Chauncey and his buddies and started eating their lunches. The regular season had just concluded for the boys' basketball team. Behind the backs of the stellar play of Chauncey and his trusty sidekick Ryan Rabbit, the team finished the season with a perfect 20-0 record. Over the course of the season, Foxy's friends eventually grew to respect the cheetah for his leadership, humbleness, and selflessness. In fact, even the older students began to admire the tallest student in their school. Everyone would ask him and his buddies if they could sit with them at lunch. Due to the number of students in Oakey Oaks Middle School, Chauncey came up with a genius plan that would allow everyone to sit at their table by having every group of students take turns sitting with them. Newspapers around town had the cheetah on the front page, labeling him the \"Humble Hero of Oakey Oaks.\" The only one who seemed not to gain any respect for Chauncey was Foxy Loxy. She was now sitting all alone at her table, glaring at the cheetah. \"One of these days, I will make you pay.\" The vixen thought as she chowed down her meal. Chicken Little and his friends ate their lunches as they watched everyone in the cafeteria, except them and Foxy, gather around Chauncey's table and talk to him as they had their lunch. \"Chauncey has sure gotten a lot of attention lately. Even from the seventh and eighth graders.\" Chicken Little noted. \"Well, with how well he and the team have played so far this year, I'm not surprised.\" Abby remarked. \"Yeah me neither. They haven't lost a game. Plus, they've dominated every game, even on the road. It's been very fun to watch them play, despite winning each game by at least forty points.\" Chicken Little said. \"The playoffs are approaching. Do you think we'll be ready for them?\" Runt asked. \"I think so. At the same time though, I am a little worried.\" The chicken replied. Fish tried to say something like, \"Why are you worried?\" \"Remember what happened last year in the championship game?\" The chicken stated. Fish nodded. \"It seemed like we had it in the bag. Unfortunately, Brett Bear was injured, and it led to our downfall. While I am confident about Chauncey and Ryan leading the team this year, I am nonetheless concerned that one of them might get hurt at a critical time in the playoffs.\" Chicken Little explained. \"You do have a point Chicken Little. We'll just have to wait and see what happens.\" Abby tried to assure him. \"What about Foxy? Will she be a distraction for Chauncey?\" Runt asked, concern in his eyes. Chicken Little hesitated for a moment. He was tempted to just speak gibberish like he did with Abby and the announcers at the old oak tree. After the whole \"sky is falling\" incident however, he realized that speaking gibberish would not do any good at all. \"Uh…I hope not. With her though, you just never know. After Goosey Loosey and the rest of her friends started hanging out with Chauncey and his buddies, I thought Foxy might gain at least some admiration for the cheetah because of his great basketball skill and humbleness. Turns out I was wrong. She's the only one who still has a grudge towards him, even though he's been very nice to everyone.\" The chicken stated. \"You can't please everyone Chicken Little. With how many people are on the planet, odds are you will have someone not like you.\" Abby pointed out. \"I guess that's true Abby, but this isn't the whole planet we're talking about here. It's everyone at Oakey Oaks Middle School.\" Chicken Little said. Fish tapped Chicken Little on the shoulder. \"Yeah Fish?\" The fish tried to say something like, \"Maybe Chauncey could try to do something nice for Foxy?\" Flabbergasted, the chicken's eyed widened. \"I don't know about that Fish. The only people I've seen do something nice to her is her friends, mostly Goosey Loosey.\" \"I've seen that too. Nonetheless, I think it might be worth a shot. If it doesn't work, then we'll just have to convince Chauncey that Foxy doesn't like him.\" Fish tried to explain. \"Alright we'll try. How are we going to do it, though? We can't just tell Foxy about Chauncey doing something nice for her. She'll just laugh at us and pick on us like she always does.\" Chicken Little said. Before Fish could say more, Abby chimed in, \"Maybe we should talk to Chauncey about it?\" \"I think that's a good idea Abby. That way Foxy won't know about us even mentioning it.\" The chicken agreed. \"The real question is when do we do it?\" Runt wondered. \"Obviously it would be unwise to do it right now. I mean, all she's doing right now is glaring at the cheetah. Foxy is definitely not in the mood for that. Combine that with the fact that with the playoffs starting soon, the team, especially Chauncey, will need as few distractions as possible.\" The chicken explained. All his friends agreed. \"I think that should we manage to reach the championship game, we should tell him before then, but after the semi-final game, right?\" They all nodded in agreement. Shortly after finishing their conversation, Chauncey walked up to their table, having bid everyone at his table farewell. \"Hey guys? How are you doing?\" He greeted. \"We're doing good. How about yourself?\" Chicken Little greeted back. \"I'm doing great. Thank you for asking.\" The cheetah smiled. \"Anytime.\" Chicken Little smiled back. The cheetah sat down after glancing at the clock on the cafeteria wall. Lunch would be over in fifteen minutes. \"What have you guys been up to lately?\" Chauncey asked. \"Just talking about the playoffs. I'm sure everyone is excited for them.\" The chicken said. \"Yeah. After I finished eating and started to head over here, everyone was saying goodbye to me and wishing me and the team luck.\" Chauncey explained. \"That was nice of them.\" Chicken Little said. \"I agree. Everyone here seems very nice. Even the older students were talking to me and my buddies about school and that they were looking forward to seeing how we did in the playoffs.\" The cheetah stated. \"Speaking of the playoffs, are you ready for what challenges lie ahead?\" Chicken Little asked. The cheetah gave a determined smile. \"Ready as I'll ever be.\"[Chapter 15] Thank you keiman and kei and daisygirl101 for beta reading and helping me improve! I do not own Chicken Little. Chicken Little is owned by Disney. I only lay claim to Chauncey Cheetah. Chapter 15 Almost the entire playoffs were a breeze for Chauncey, Ryan, and the Acorns. They dominated every game and breezed their way to the championship game. Unfortunately, their hopes of redemption from last year took a devastating blow. In the final minute of the semifinal game, Ryan Rabbit tweaked his right ankle, and was subsequently ruled out for the championship game. To add insult to injury, the Acorns realized that they would be playing the Spud Valley Taters. Chauncey Cheetah realized that although he had always been playing with a heavy workload, he realized that his workload got that much heavier without his trusty sidekick by his side. To celebrate the Acorns reaching the championship game, the cheerleaders decorated every hallway in the school. Everywhere there would be the school colors, red and white. As he and Chicken Little's friends made their way to Oakey Oaks Middle School's gymnasium, they were talking about the game. Since the Acorns had homecourt advantage throughout the playoffs, the championship game was to be played at the Acorns' home court; they owned the tiebreaker with the Taters due to a larger margin of victory over the course of the season. \"You ready for tonight Chauncey?\" Chicken Little asked. \"Locked in and ready as I'll ever be.\" The cheetah replied, determination on his face. \"It's sad that you'll have to do this without Ryan Rabbit.\" Abby pointed out. \"It really pains me that Ryan got hurt. Believe me, without him, the team is not the same. Unfortunately for us, Spud Valley will not show us any sympathy whatsoever for losing one of our best players. Our archrivals are going to try to take advantage of his absence, so we'll have to be ready to adjust our game without him.\" Chauncey stated, with a disappointed look on his face. Everyone nodded in agreement. Fish tried to say, \"Aren't you guys forgetting something?\" \"Oh yeah. We are forgetting something. Thank you for pointing that out Fish.\" Chicken Little said. Fish smiled and nodded. \"Did you guys forget something at home? If you did I can run back and get it since we have time….\" Chauncey started before Chicken Little cut him off politely. \"Oh no. We didn't forget anything. What he remined us of was to talk to you about Foxy Loxy.\" The chicken replied. \"Oh okay. What about her? Just so you know, I've come to accept that not everyone will like you. I'd rather be popular and humble than be popular and mean.\" Chauncey said. \"That's very nice of you to say Chauncey. However, what Chicken Little is trying to say is that maybe you should try to do something nice for her. Maybe that will make her stop being mean to you.\" Abby explained. Chauncey's eyes widened in shock and surprise. \"You remember what she did to me in physical education? How can I make her stop being mean to you if she is not only mean to me, but you guys as well?\" \"He's got a point guys. Maybe we should just let Foxy bully us instead of trying to make amends with her.\" Runt suggested. \"Runt!\" Abby groaned in annoyance. \"Sorry!\" The pig stated, ashamed. \"It's okay Runt. You don't have to be sorry for anything. I suppose you do have a point with how mean she's been to you guys. Know this though; my parents once told me that it's never too late to do anything right. Maybe doing something right will convince Foxy otherwise.\" Chauncey explained. Everyone contemplated about this. \"Well I suppose you could give it a shot Chauncey. Not sure what will happen, but I hope for only the best.\" Runt said. \"I appreciate that Runt. After the game, maybe I'll take her to get some ice cream, hot chocolate or something.\" Chauncey suggested. \"That's a good idea Chauncey.\" Chicken Little complemented. \"Thanks man.\" The cheetah smiled. \"Anytime bro.\" The chicken beamed back. Soon they were at the gymnasium. Due to the sold-out crowds for every game this year for the Acorns, they had to get there a few hours before each game to sit up front and support the team. Buck Cluck wasn't there yet, but he assured his son and his friends that he'd be there after he got off work. Sure enough, he arrived just ten minutes after his son and his friends. As he approached the group, they all smiled and greeted him, \"Hey Mr. Cluck!\" Buck Cluck smiled, \"Afternoon kids.\" Chicken Little smiled, \"Hey dad.\" The rooster smiled as he gently patted his son on the head. \"Hey there son. How was your day?\" \"It was pretty good. Got an A on an exam in Mutton. How was work dad?\" Chicken Little said. \"Glad to hear you did well son! My day was great.\" Buck smiled. \"That's good.\" The chicken nodded with a smile. As they talked, more people were showing up in the gymnasium. Coaches, referees, the scorekeepers, and the Dog Announcer were some of the first people other than Chicken Little, his father, and his friends to show up. The Dog Announcer smiled at the group, and briefly chatted with them before making his way to where he would announce the game. Other players for the team, as well as the players for Spud Valley Taters, began to make their way towards their respective sides of the gym upon entering. Soon, other residents of Oakey Oaks arrived, including mayor Turkey Lurkey. As the clock on the scoreboard ticked down, everyone was just chatting, finding their seats, and grabbing snacks and drinks from the concession stand. When the clock ticked down to one hour remaining until tip-off, Chauncey knew it was time to head to the locker room. \"Well guys. Tip-off is in an hour. It's time for me to head to the locker room.\" Chauncey said. \"Good luck Chauncey. Remember, just stay calm, focus, and play your game.\" Buck stated, giving him a thumb up and a wink. \"Thank you, Mr. Cluck. We will win tonight. I promise.\" Chauncey stated as he waved to friends who were waving him good luck and made his way to the locker room.[Chapter 16] Thank you keiman and kei and daisygirl101 for beta reading and helping me improve! I do not own Chicken Little. Chicken Little is owned by Disney. I only lay claim to Chauncey Cheetah. Chapter 16 \"First, the starting lineup for the Spud Valley Taters!\" The Dog Announcer announced over the microphone. Taters fans cheered and clapped while Acorns fan did the opposite. Spud Valley cheered the loudest for Fred Fox, while Oakey Oaks booed the loudest for him. \"Now, the starting lineup for your Oakey Oaks Acorns!\" The Dog Announcer stated. Acorns fans cheered and clapped for their team as each player was announced. No one, however, got a louder ovation than Chauncey Cheetah. He had been their hero, and they all hoped he would shine brighter than he had ever done. After the teams' starting lineups and coaches were announced, tip-off was underway. Chauncey was to jump with the Taters' starting center, Jim Jaguar. He wasn't quite as tall as Chauncey or as lengthy, but he seemed to be the only guy on the court who could have a legitimate chance at contesting the tall cheetah's shots. The cheetah easily won the tip, and the Acorns started the game with the ball. \"We are underway for this boys' basketball championship game. Will it be a three-peat for Spud Valley, or can Oakey Oaks avenge last year's loss?\" The Dog Announcer said. Unfortunately, the game didn't start out too well for Oakey Oaks. They turned the ball over on their first possession, and Chauncey was plagued with foul trouble early on. Behind the backs of Fred Fox, the Taters took a twenty-point lead at the end of the first quarter, 37-17. \"With Chauncey Cheetah plagued by two quick fouls to start the game, Spud Valley has gotten off to a fast start. Can the Acorns respond?\" The Dog Announcer wondered. The second quarter was no better with the cheetah picking up his fourth foul just two minutes into the quarter. Spud Valley took advantage of this, and the lead ballooned to forty points by halftime, 78-38. Oakey Oaks fans were stunned at what they saw in the first half. Spud Valley fans, on the other hand, were delirious as they hoped their team would achieve a three-peat. \"What a sluggish start for the Acorns. It seems that the Taters may have this one in the bag folks. Is there any hope of a furious rally?\" The Dog Announcer said, a little sadly. For some reason however, the Taters began to lose ground. The Acorns came out of the halftime break with a newfound determination, especially Chauncey Cheetah. With four quick three-pointers to start the second half, the cheetah brought Oakes Oaks to within twenty-eight not even two minutes in. Not only was he on fire, but he was also able to stay away from picking up a fifth foul. Fred Fox however, was able to weather the storm somewhat with a barrage of his own. At the end of the third quarter, the lead was cut in half, 102-82. Oakes Oaks fans began to feel hopeful, while Spud Valley fans began to grow anxious. \"Just like that, the lead has been cut in half. Work remains to be done, however, as Oakey Oaks is still down by twenty.\" The Dog Announcer stated, determination rising. The fourth quarter was tense, with teams trading baskets during the first three minutes of the quarter. By the time there were three minutes left in the game, Oakey Oaks found themselves trailing by ten points, 124-114. \"I don't think they're going to do it.\" Runt stated shakily. \"They'll do it!\" Abby exclaimed. \"Let's go Acorns!\" Chicken Little shouted. Fish tried to say the same thing. Soon the Acorns fans were cheering their team on, chanting, \"Let's go Acorns!\" The Acorns continued to fight valiantly, and with one minute remaining, they were down just five points, 128-123. Chauncey then hit a deep three-pointer with twenty-four seconds remaining to bring Oakey Oaks within two, 128-126. Due to the amount of time left, however, the Acorns were forced to foul Fred Fox, the best free throw shooter on Spud Valley. If he made both free throws, it would put the game on ice. The Acorns fans booed loudly, trying in any way to distract the male fox. As he dribbled three times and breathed, he shot the first free throw. Nothing but net. Now the score was 129-126. If Fred were to make the second one, Oakey Oaks' rally attempt would've been in vain. \"First free throw is good. One more coming.\" The Dog Announcer anxiously stated. The star of the Taters went through the same dribbling routine and shot the second free throw, confident that he would secure a three-peat for Spud Valley. To everyone's surprise and shock, the free throw attempt caught a piece of the back rim and rattled out. Chauncey Cheetah grabbed the rebound and immediately called a timeout. \"Second one rattles out! Chauncey Cheetah with the rebound! Acorns call timeout!\" The Dog Announcer exclaimed, excited. 3.3 seconds were left on the clock. Chauncey knew that his team needed a three to tie the game. Otherwise, they would suffer the same heartbreak of last year. Shoving those thoughts aside, he listened to what his coach had in mind to get a clean look at a three. Doug Donkey drew up a play that he hoped would get Chauncey an open three. What he drew on the whiteboard was to set up a triple screen and pass the ball to the cheetah for the shot. When the game resumed, the Acorns inbounded the ball to the tall cheetah, who unleashed a thirty foot three-pointer from the left wing, right in front of the Taters' bench. A hush fell upon the gymnasium as the ball sailed toward the rim and the buzzer sounded as the ball started to float downward. Swish! Acorns fans went into a frenzy, while Taters fans went dead silent. The game was all even at 129. Chauncey's teammates were all over him, rubbing his head, embracing him, and giving him high-fives. The tall cheetah knew, however, that it wasn't over yet. \"Chauncey Cheetah with the long three to tie the game! After trailing by forty points at halftime, we have an extra period folks! This could be our year!\" The Dog Announcer happily exclaimed. They had overtime in Oakey Oaks.[Chapter 17] Thank you keiman and kei and daisygirl101 for beta reading and helping me improve! I do not own Chicken Little. Chicken Little is owned by Disney. I only lay claim to Chauncey Cheetah. Chapter 17 \"Chauncey Cheetah with yet another three-pointer! Tie game once again!\" The Dog Announcer exclaimed. The tall cheetah had just hit another long three, answering Fred Fox's three from the possession before. Halfway through the first overtime, the score was 141-141. Both sides of the stadium were fired up at the excitement before them. Only Chauncy Cheetah and Fred Fox were scoring buckets for the team, trading long threes to constantly shift the momentum in either teams' direction. \"Fred Fox with the ball at the top of the key. He fires another three. Swish! Down it goes for Fred Fox, and the Taters take a three-point lead.\" The Dog Announcer stated. Chicken Little and the rest of the Acorn fans watched with apprehension. Spud Valley had just taken a 144-141 lead. No matter how hard Chauncey played, the Acorns just couldn't seem to get over the hump to take the lead themselves. That nervousness however, was short-lived, as Chauncey responded by hitting another three to even things up at 144. \"Chauncey Cheetah is on fire tonight! Question is, will it be enough to carry the Acorns to the win?\" The Dog Announcer stated, a little nervous himself. The first overtime would be all about the tall cheetah and the star of Spud Valley trading threes. By the end of the first overtime, the game was tied again, this time at 159. Chauncey and Fred had just hit ten three-pointers each in the first overtime. However, there was to be a second overtime. \"We have double overtime, folks! The game is tied at 159.\" The Dog Announcer said. Both sides of the gymnasium were now filled with energy as before them was a classic championship game. After it looked like a blowout, it had suddenly gotten very interesting. The second overtime started with two quick threes from Fred Fox to give the Taters a six-point lead. Chauncey Cheetah however, responded with two threes of his own to tie the game. \"Come on Acorns!\" Everyone on the Acorns' side of the gym shouted to encourage their team. Despite both teams' efforts on defense, the tall cheetah and the fox just couldn't be stopped, and before everyone knew it, the game was tied at the final buzzer of double-overtime. The score was now 186-186. \"Folks, you won't believe this, but we have a third overtime. This game is turning out to be a classic championship game between bitter rivals. For the first time ever, a championship game has found itself going into the third overtime.\" The Dog Announcer said. In the third overtime, Chauncey and Fred decided to get their teammates more involved. Instead of two quick threes, both teams had two quick layups to start the third overtime. The score was 190-190. After Spud Valley scored a bucket, they had a chance to make this a two-possession game. However, as Jim Jaguar drove in for a dunk, Chauncey Cheetah met him there and smacked the ball out of his hands. The cheetah then ran down the court unabated for a game-tying dunk. Both coaches called timeouts as much as they could to try to grant their players rest. Unfortunately, the long game still took a toll on everyone. Soon the third overtime ended with yet another tie; 217-217. A fourth overtime. Chauncey looked at his teammates. He knew that they were getting tired, and that they must end the game as soon as possible. Otherwise, there was the possibility of another injury that could leave the Acorns even more short-handed than they were already. The cheetah had promised his friends they would win tonight no matter what. He was determined to keep his word to them. \"We have quadruple overtime everyone! When will this game end?\" The Dog Announcer stated. The fourth overtime was almost entirely about three-point shooting between Fred Fox and Chauncey Cheetah. Both players kept trading baskets, despite each teams' defense trying to stop them. However, the Acorns found their title hopes in jeopardy toward the end of the fourth overtime. The Taters had a two-point lead, 247-245, with fifteen seconds remaining, and they had the ball. Fred Fox was dribbling at the top of the key, just outside the logo circle on the court, looking to run out the clock. Chauncey Cheetah, however, had other ideas. He went to guard him up close, forcing the fox to drive to the basket. The cheetah blocked his shot, and grabbed the defensive rebound with six seconds remaining. The Acorns, however, elected not to call a timeout and get a good look at a three for the win. Chauncey ran up the court as the clock ticked down in this nail-biting championship game. Just as he got to the edge of the logo on the court, he unleashed a three-pointer from about thirty-eight feet out that sent the gymnasium into yet another hush. The shot was dead on and was very high-arcing. Chauncey watched with a determined, yet anxious look, as the shot floated down toward the basket. The ball caught a piece of the back rim, but it wasn't enough to make the shot miss. It was low enough into the rim to go directly back at the Cheetah through the net and leave the net hanging on the rim. Acorns fans went frantic at what they saw. The cheetah had just given the team their first lead of the night, 248-247, with only 0.8 seconds remaining on the clock. \"Chauncey Cheetah with the huge three from just inside half-court! Acorns take the lead with less than one second remaining! Now they're just one stop away!\" The Dog Announcer shouted with enthusiasm. Taters fans had suddenly gone quiet after the cheetah's three went through. They still had one more chance though, and Chauncey knew that. After calling timeout to set up a play, Spud Valley turned to their go-to player, Fred Fox. As soon as he caught the ball from the in bounder, he turned to shoot a game-winning three. Chauncey however, was determined not to let the same heartbreak repeat itself. As soon as the ball was thrown inbounds, the cheetah charged toward the fox with fire in his eyes. As Fred Fox shot the ball, the cheetah swatted the ball into the stands as time expired, and the celebration was to begin for the Acorns.[Chapter 18] Thank you keiman and kei and daisygirl101 for beta reading and helping me improve! I do not own Chicken Little. Chicken Little is owned by Disney. I only lay claim to Chauncey Cheetah. Chapter 18 Acorns fans were ecstatic, letting out triumphant yells and cheers as Chauncey's teammates embraced him tightly at the hard-fought victory. \"It's all over folks! For the first time in thirty years, the boys' basketball team has won the championship!\" The Dog Announcer announced with an enormous grin on his face. Chicken Little and his friends were cheering with the rest of the crowd, while Foxy Loxy stood there, stunned at what she just witnessed. When Chicken Little had won it all for the baseball team last year with his first and only hit of the season, it robbed Foxy of the MVP trophy. However, that night was different. Chauncey had been a truly great leader for the basketball team, and he had hit shots and made plays when it mattered most, even with Ryan Rabbit out with an injury. \"You did it Chauncey! We are champions!\" Chicken Little exclaimed after he had found Chauncey in the storming group of fans on the court. \"That we did Chicken Little. We won.\" Chauncey smiled. Buck Cluck had come with his son to congratulate their new best friend. \"Congratulations Chauncey.\" Buck smile as he held out his hand. \"Thank you, Mr. Cluck.\" The cheetah smiled as he shook it. Right after he finished his comment, two of his teammates dumped the container of water all over the cheetah, resulting in everyone laughing. The cheetah however, wasn't the slightest bit upset. He had done very well for the team, and that was their way of saying thank you to him. The trophy presentation soon followed. Fans were asked to return to their seats and watch the trophy being handed out to their team. As soon as the trophy was in the cheetah's hands, he held it up for everyone to see. Everyone cheered and clapped while chanting, \"MVP!\" The Dog Announcer was now on the court to present the MVP trophy. \"Congratulations to the Acorns for winning tonight's championship.\" He announced. The crowd cheered once again. \"It was one great season that we'll never forget. We had our share of setbacks, but in the end, we pulled through them all. The reason why we won was because we stuck together in even the toughest of situations. Due to our great team, it was so much fun to watch this year.\" Another round of applause. \"Tonight, the MVP award goes to someone who is truly humble and selfless. He never gave up, and was always working hard, even on off-days. What we like about him is that he treats everyone the way he would like to be treated. I just know that he'll keep getting better every year.\" The crowd cheered and then went quiet, eager to know who the MVP was. \"Our MVP is…Chauncey Cheetah!\" The Dog Announcer exclaimed. Everyone cheered and chanted, \"MVP!\" as the cheetah walked over in astonishment to accept the MVP award. Realizing he was to give an award acceptance speech, Chauncey kindly asked the Dog Announcer to hold his trophy while he held the microphone to give his speech. The dog complied with a smile, and handed the microphone to Chauncey. The cheetah cleared his throat. \"First of all, I am very thankful to be receiving this award tonight. Most importantly, I would like to thank the men above. Without his blessing, none of this would've been possible.\" A round of applause. \"It was an unbelievable season, to say the least, and I greatly appreciate everyone on our team. My teammates, the coaches, always pushing me to get better and work hard every day, it was a magical ride to be with them. I deeply appreciate Coach Donkey for believing in me, and motivating me to do what I love every day and every night. Another thing I appreciate is what my teammates have done for our team this year. They've sacrificed a lot for me over the course of the season, and none of this is possible without them. While it may have been a stellar season for me, this award isn't just for me. It is for our entire team. With four other guys on the floor with me, I can't do it all by myself. I appreciate what our team has done this year, and I'm very thankful to be part of this group.\" Another round of applause. \"Lastly, I would like to thank my family and friends. I am very happy with how my parents have raised me to become what I am today, and how our butler gives me advice whenever I'm feeling down. Without their support, I wouldn't be in this position. Another thing I appreciate is the support of my friends. Chicken Little, Abby Mallard, Runt, and Fish, they are some of the best friends I have ever had. You guys brighten up my day every time we see each other. I would also like to thank Mr. Buck \"Ace\" Cluck for the advice he gave me before tryouts began. Telling me to get my teammates involved in any possible, always doing my best, and putting in the effort it takes to be successful. I would also like to thank everyone who came to tonight's game, cheering us on. Cheering us on is what keeps me going, and I am flattered with what you guys did to encourage us not just tonight, but every game this season. Once again, I am humbly appreciative of everyone for your support and I can't be thankful enough for everything you have done, and I am grateful for that. Hope everyone has a great night. Thank you again. Appreciate it.\" A very loud round of applause followed, as well as chanting of the cheetah's name. After the heartfelt speech, everyone began to file out of the gymnasium. Before he left, the Dog Announcer gave the cheetah his trophy back. \"That was a great speech Chauncey.\" Chicken Little praised. \"I appreciate that.\" The cheetah smiled. \"That was one heck of a game tonight.\" Abby stated. \"With you on that. Four overtimes sure is a lot of basketball to play.\" Chauncey smiled sheepishly. \"I was very nervous the entire time.\" Runt admitted. \"It's all good Runt. After our slow start, I can understand why you would be. If I were in the crowd, I'd be pretty nervous if the team was in that situation.\" The cheetah explained. \"Congrats on the win tonight!\" Fish tried to say. \"Thanks Fish. I appreciate the support.\" The cheetah winked as he and Fish did a fist-bump. After Chicken Little and his friends left the gymnasium, the cheetah was about to do the same, until he noticed someone still on the stands. Foxy Loxy. Chauncey was hesitant to approach her, but after thinking about what Chicken Little and his friends said, he decided to try to do something nice for her. Ice cream, perhaps? As the cheetah approached the vixen, she saw him and then turned away from him. \"Good evening Foxy.\" He greeted. Foxy didn't respond right away. \"Hey Chaunce.\" She said after a few minutes. \"Listen, I would like to heartily apologize for stealing your thunder. I didn't mean to do that. All I really wanted to do was make friends and just be nice to everyone I'm around. Would you like to know something?\" The cheetah said. Foxy turned to him, glaring slightly, \"What would that happen to be?\" \"Popularity has never mattered to me. All I truly care about is being humble and trying to be the best person I can be every day.\" Foxy's eyes widened. \"You never wanted to be popular?\" She wondered. Chauncey shook his head. \"Even if I had only one friend, I'd still be the same humble person that I am.\" The vixen nodded. \"Hey, I wanted to say I'm sorry for that incident in the gym at the beginning of the year. I shouldn't have lashed out at you like that. You weren't hurt that bad, were you?\" Foxy asked, concern in her normally indifferent eyes. \"I appreciate your apology Foxy. No, you didn't hurt me that bad. To be honest, let's just forget about it. The past is in the past, and it just doesn't matter. The only thing that matters is right now.\" The Cheetah said. \"You're very smart, you know that?\" Foxy said. Chauncey smiled. \"I was wondering if you would like to maybe do something tonight?\" The vixen's eyes widened in surprise. \"With me? Even after all those things I did to you, Chicken Little, and his friends?\" The cheetah nodded. Foxy raised an eyebrow. \"Okay. What did you have in mind then?\" The cheetah beamed. \"Ice cream maybe? Despite it being very cold outside?\" Foxy smiled and nodded at the suggestion. \"I'd like that.\" It was a night to remember for everyone in Oakey Oaks. No one would ever forget what Chauncey did to turn the team around. Foxy was even being nice to the cheetah. However, would she start being nice to Chicken Little and his friends, or would she keep bullying them? The cheetah did not know, but he hoped it would be the former. He decided that time would tell what would happen.[Chapter 19] Fun Facts Chauncey means fortune; a gamble. It originated in France. If Chauncey Cheetah were real, his adult height would be 7'6\". Ryan is from an Irish surname which meant \"descendant of Rian.\" If Ryan Rabbit existed, his final height would be 6'8\". Foxy Loxy changed in appearance in the movie, but her appearance remained the same in this fanfic. Only her personality changed. Cheetahs are the fastest land animals on Earth. They can run up to 75 mph. Chester is based on the Latin \"castra\" meaning camp. Chelsie is a place name; a London district. The name Chip means man. Basketball was invented in December of 1891 by Dr. James Naismith. OoOoOoOoOoOoO I would like to thank everyone for their support in helping me write this fanfic. I'm very happy with how it turned out. With the way it ended, there will be a sequel in the future! See you later! Keep reading and writing! SawuScimitar74 ","Summary":" This fanfic was heavily inspired by A Secret Admirer by Kyra Wolf . Be sure to check it out! Thank "},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"The Song I Sing At Funerals","Author":"The Lonely Padawan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6231447","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Onyxx: Surprise, surprise! Dracula: Yes, this is the sequel (somewhat) to the events of the end of \"Here We Go Again,\" which is in the Phantom of the Opera movie category. Onyxx: Yes. If you haven't read it, Gerard Butler has the unfortunate luck that his movie characters come to life and plague him with crazy adventures. Dracula: He just wants to be a NORMAL ACTOR. Onyxx: Well, with the last adventure, Dracula here had to kill Raoul de Chagny. . . Dracula: Which caused the opening that allowed us to come here to close . . . Onyxx: Which means he's stuck here. Permanently. Dracula: Oh, the horror … ;) Onyxx: Here's the disclaimer: I do not own Dracula 2000. I do not own Gerard Butler (though I wish I did!). I do not know Gerard Butler in reality. I have never met him. (I don't even have his autograph … -sad face-) I also don't own Phantom of the Opera. That belongs to Gaston Leroux, Andrew Lloyd Webber, Joel Schumacher, and Really Useful Group. Dracula: That's a lot of people. My concept only belongs to Bram Stoker and Wes Craven. Onyxx: The only thing I own is myself … I don't even own my laptop … Dracula: Sad. Chapter One: I sat at my laptop, staring at the screen. Gerry's email was pretty simple: He'd be here in about an hour. Gerard Butler happened to be a friend of mine. Don't ask me how a South Carolina girl ended up being good friends with the sexiest Scottish man of all time. Don't tell him I said that. Anyways, Gerry was coming to my house. Why? Hell if I knew. I ran to my room, grabbed the cleanest pair of black jeans I could find, and my Black Veil Brides shirt, changing out of my Happy Bunny pajamas. Then I darted to the bathroom, brushed my teeth for at least fifteen minutes, and tried to tame my unruly black hair. For some reason, when I wake up in the mornings, my hair looks like Mary's from Dracula 2000. I grabbed my pair of Doc Martens, pulling them on as fast as possible, just as the doorbell of my tiny apartment rang. I ran to the door, looking out the little hole. The gorgeous Scot made me forget how to breathe for a moment before I opened the door. \"Gerry,\" I said, a bit out of breath from all my running. \"What a surprise.\" He raised an eyebrow, smirking. \"You got my email, Onyxx,\" he said, patting my shoulder. \"Have you been running around, trying to get ready?\" I shook my head. The man knew me too well. \"No . . .\" He laughed. \"Yeah, right. Here, I have someone I want you to meet.\" He stepped aside and let a tall, dark figure walk in. My eyes widened in fear, awe, and most of all, shock. The dark-haired man smirked as he saw my reaction, his gray-green eyes staring into my blue ones. \"What . . . the . . . fudge,\" I said softly, looking over to Gerry. \"Is this a joke? Am I being Punk'd?\" He laughed. \"Does it look like you're being Punk'd?\" he asked, putting an arm around his duplicate. Dracula—THE Dracula from Dracula 2000— smirked and took my hand in his. \"A pleasure to meet you, Miss Rayne,\" he said softly, kissing the back of my hand. I almost fainted, looking at Gerry. \"What is this? How? Are you going to tell me what the heck is going on?\" He smiled. \"Dracula here has found himself trapped in this world after a little affair with Raoul de Chagny from Phantom of the Opera.\" He sighed, then looked at his watch. \"Better go. Emmy is expecting me back at the hospital with Chris.\" He cast a worried look to Dracula, then to me, then back to the vampire. \"All right, no biting, got it?\" \"Got it.\" Dracula smirked, then flopped onto my couch propping his feet on my coffee table. \"Well, isn't this lovely?\" he said, looking around at my apartment. Holy. Shit. Dracula was in my apartment. Not just any Dracula. Dracula from my favorite vampire movie. Dracula from Wes Craven's Dracula 2000. After these thoughts crossed my mind, I fainted, falling onto the floor.[Chapter 2] Dracula: Hello again, everyone! Onyxx: Quick explanation of why Dracula will seem so OOC: As with Erik and Other Erik's commentary in \"Phantom of London,\" hanging out with Gerry has caused Dracula to be nicer and more fun to hang around. Dracula: I wasn't fun before? Onyxx: Actually, you were a bit frightening. Dracula: Lucy thought I was fun... Onyxx: (glares) Lucy was a friggen whore! (hits Dracula) Dracula: Okay, okay! I will never mention Lucy Westerman again... Onyxx: That's better. Dracula: (quieter) You're just jealous of the ceiling tango... Onyxx: (leaps across the couch at him) I'M NOT FRIGGEN JEALOUS! Chapter Two: I opened my eyes groggily, pissed off that my awesome dream had to end. I had dreamed Dracula from Dracula 2000 was in my house... Worried gray-green eyes in a pale face stared down at me, a fanged mouth opening and asking me if I was all right. Holy shit. It wasn't a dream. \"Onyxx?\" Dracula asked, raising an eyebrow. \"Are you awake? You seem to have fainted.\" \"No, shit,\" I growled, trying to sit up, rubbing my head. \"How the hell did you get here?\" I looked at him expectantly, but he just shrugged, sitting down beside me casually. \"I was sitting atop a gargoyle in New Orleans, watching Mary from afar, when I found myself falling through space and time. A flash of bright light, and I found myself in Time Square, New York. That was how I got here the first time, almost eight years ago.\" He examined his fingernails, then sighed deeply. \"Gerard helped me get back that same day, and then, after eight years, of doing the same thing I had done then, trying to get back here, but it never worked... until I found myself in Glasgow last month. Gerry's daughter is having … problems … so he needed someone to watch me until she was well again.\" I frowned. \"What's wrong with Chris?\" I asked, concerned for the poor girl. He opened his mouth to speak, then apparently thought better of it, looking away. I frowned. \"Why won't you tell me what's wrong with her?\" Dracula sighed. \"Chris was sexually harrassed by Raoul from Phantom of the Opera, \" he finally said. \"She's having to go through several kinds of therapy.\" My eyes widened. I hadn't thought Raoul would be capable of such … monstrosity! He was the horse-riding, sword-fighting, damsel-in-distress-saving hero that everyone hates! He wasn't supposed to be a bad person! Seeing my reaction, Dracula shook his head. \"He kind of went … insane … after Christine and Erik's marriage.\" WTHiga? Christine and Erik? \"Let me explain,\" Dracula said, sighing. \"Eight years ago, Erik came here to find Christine, who had disappeared. When they were finally going to go back, she chose Erik over Raoul, which is how the story should have gone. Raoul went crazy, and kidnapped their children, bringing them here. Once he got here, he eventually took Gerry's as well, and … well, you get the idea.\" My jaw dropped. This was … unbelievable. Raoul? A pedophile? Wow. I shook my head, unable to take all this in. Normally, I was okay with weird … My favorite colors are black and purple, my favorite band is Black Veil Brides, I'm in love with Michael Myers, and there was, of course, my family to consider. Every last one of them is absolutely NUTS. I'm actually pretty sure I'm adopted. But this … the Phantom of the Opera, Dracula, and a bunch of other Gerry Butler characters coming to life? \"So wait … so how long do you have to live here?\" I asked, looking back at Dracula. He pursed his lips. \"Well, it depends … the original agreement was a week, but now Chris has therapy … so maybe six months.\" Oh, shit.[Chapter 3] Dracula: Okay, so let me get this straight: He's at least twenty-five, he's a teacher, and he touched your shoulder? Onyxx: Yeah! Dracula: Okay, that's it. He's dead. Onyxx: What? NO! You can't kill Mr. Wilson! His class is the only one I enjoy! Dracula: You enjoy staring at his behind! Onyxx: … Not his behind, exactly … Dracula: Oh, so you're staring at something ELSE, then? Onyxx: Yeah! His FACE! Dracula: HAH! Yeah. Sure. Onyxx: As if you care … Dracula: Yes, I do care! He's a TEACHER! You fantasize about making out with your TEACHER! Onyxx: … I do NOT! Dracula: You LIE! Onyxx: Okay, okay. Fine. I have imagined doing some … naughty things with Mr. Wilson. Dracula: And that is why Cole Wilson must DIE. Onyxx: NO! Don't kill Mr. Wilson! Dracula: WATCH ME. Onyxx: Please! Please, don't kill Mr. Wilson! I need his help! Dracula: With what, your typing? He teaches keyboarding. You excelled at keyboarding in the sixth grade. Onyxx: Well, I'm bad at it now … Dracula: Oh, please! You were faking it so Mr. Wilson would come over and help you and you would be able to smell his cologne! And you are planning on never washing that shirt again because he put a hand on your shoulder and told you you were doing a good job! Onyxx: How did you know that? I haven't even told Breanna that and she's in love with him, too! Dracula: … I … read your mind … ? Onyxx: … You read my DIARY. Dracula: No … I didn't … Onyxx: How else would you know that I want to make out with him and that I was faking my slow typing so he would come over to me? And that he told me I was doing good? You read my DIARY! You jerk! (punches shoulder) Dracula: OW! Chapter Three: I groaned as Static-X's \"Cold\" blasted into my ear. Five-o'-clock already? I pressed the button on my alarm and stood, grabbing my clothes and starting toward the shower. Dracula stood in the doorway, an arrogant smirk playing on his full, sensual lips—lips that only I and Gerry knew hid a dangerous (and sharp) secret. \"Good morning, Sleeping Beauty,\" he said, taking in my half-asleep, messy form. \"Did you sleep well?\" I snorted, brushing past him into the bathroom. \"Don't you, like, have to crawl back into your coffin right about now?\" I grumbled, pulling a comb through my tangled black curls. He laughed. \"Actually, there's a full hour before dawn,\" he pointed out. I groaned, then turned to him to shoo him away. \"Begone, oh evil creature of darkness,\" I commanded in my best Gandalf voice. \"Seriously. I have to take a shower, then go to work. And you are going to be stuck here all day with no one to bother. Out.\" He laughed again as I slammed the bathroom door in his face. I stripped of all my clothes and turned on a cold shower. I shivered as I stepped in, changing my mind and turning the hot water on. Cold showers are not a good idea when you just woke up to Wayne Static screaming in your ear and a vampire cracking jokes on your morning appearance. After I rinsed the shampoo from my hair, I heard the door click open and soft footfalls, like a cat's, walking into the room. I poked my head from behind the curtain and groaned, ducking back behind it. \"I thought vampires couldn't walk in uninvited!\" I shouted. Dracula laughed. He had the most amazing laugh, just like Gerry's, but a little different. I don't know how to explain it. But don't think I was attracted to him. No way. I had thought he was sexy in the movie, wished he hadn't burst into flames, imagined what I would've done in Mary's place (taken him home and you know the rest). In reality, I just want him out of my house and to stop bugging me. \"That's only houses,\" he said, again proving me wrong. Would he ever stop being such a know-it-all? I turned the water off, reaching out of the shower and searching blindly for a towel. \"What are you doing in here, anyway?\" I asked, wrapping it around myself and pulling back the curtain. He smirked, crossing his arms over his chest and taking in my barely covered form. I narrowed my eyes, hiding behind my bundle of clothes and walking backwards out the door. He followed me into my room, eliciting another groan from me. \"Seriously? Am I entitled to no privacy at all?\" Dracula laughed again, sitting gracefully on my bed. \"No, not really,\" he said, smirking, displaying his abnormally sharp incisors. His green irises seemed to have a blood-red rim around them in the light. Despite the eerie look, it suited Gerry's likeness perfectly. The pale skin and dark curly hair made him seem more like Dracula was supposed to be—sexy, with a dangerous appeal. I pushed him toward the door, locking him out. \"Stay out—please?\" I begged. I heard him sigh deeply from behind the locked door, then a soft thump as he leaned against the wall. I put on my clothes quickly, dried my hair, applied thick black eyeliner and mascara, then opened the door again. Dracula hadn't moved. I don't think he'd even breathed. He certainly didn't now, as he stared at me. His green/red gaze lingered on my eyes for a moment before he shook his head, reaching for my face with both hands. \"You don't need to add so much makeup if your intent is to be beautiful,\" he said softly, smudging some of my eyeliner away. He smiled softly, then looked past me out the window. \"It's almost dawn. I suppose I should … how did you put it? Ah, yes …\" He smirked and made quotation marks with his hands. \"I should be 'crawling back into my coffin' about now.\" I laughed and walked past him to the door. \"If anyone knocks, don't answer unless it's me or Gerry. I probably won't knock, because I have a key, and he'll probably just sit on the front porch until I get back if he needs to see me.\" Dracula followed me to the door, taking in every word. I turned back to him, towering over me even as I wore three-inch platform shoes I had ordered from GoodGoth. \"Don't go out,\" I ordered, jabbing a finger into his— eep— rock-solid chest. \"I'll be back at seven-thirty.\" He pushed me up against the wall, leaning down so he was at eye-level with me, smirking as my breath caught in my chest. \"And what if I get hungry?\" he growled softly. His incisors lengthened before my eyes, his green irises flashing red. \"Umm …\" His proximity was clouding my brain. I couldn't think straight as his gaze burned into mine, his nose gently pressed against the tip of my own. \"I think there's some steak in the freezer. Put it in a sink of hot water to thaw and dig in until I get home with more.\" He smirked and stepped backward, giving me a chance to breathe. With that, I left my apartment, locking the door behind me. Onyxx: I wish I could update sooner, but school just started back and I don't have a lot of time now. But I got the chance today because I'm 'practicing my typing'. Dracula: Yeah, right. You were on GoodGoth. Onyxx: Shut it. Anyways, thanks for all your support and reviews and messages. I know I don't really mention it much, but you guys mean a lot to me. I feelz speshul. :3 Dracula: You are special. Onyxx: ... Is that some kind of perverted innuendo? Are you hitting on me? Dracula: What? No! No way![Chapter 4] Onyxx: I'm in love! Dracula: With who? Onyxx: … Mr. Wilson … Dracula: Oh, shit. Not him again. Onyxx: Yep. He's so gorgeous … and he graded me FIRST yesterday! And showed me my grade! Dracula: (girly/sarcastic voice) Oh-Em-GEE! That is, like, so totally awesome ! OhmyGod, I have soo got to Tweet this, like \"My best friend is in love with her super-hot teacher, because he's like, super- hawt!\" Onyxx: (snicker) You know, you did the high-school-girl imitation perfectly … Dracula: (normal voice) Shut the hell up. Chapter Four: I placed my stapler, my folder, and my keyboard all at right angles, feeling quite OCD and bored. Finally, I sighed and continued typing the report for my boss, Lynn. Someone sighed audibly from beside me, and I looked up into the gorgeous face of Cole Wilson, former typing teacher and now an employee for Lynn Martin. He leaned over the wall of my cubicle, smirking and shaking his head disappointedly. \"Nyx, darling, you're still looking at the keyboard,\" he teased. I smiled wryly. \"Don't you have a report to work on? Lynn will cut your throat.\" He laughed. \"I'm already done … the advantages of being a keyboarding teacher.\" Winking, he walked into my cubicle and stood behind me, putting his hands over mine. I took a deep whiff of his cologne—a dark, masculine, earthy smell. His cheek was pressed to mine, his eyes on the screen, as his short, blondish-brown hair tickled my nose. \"Here, put your fingers on the home keys, and don't move them.\" I did as he instructed, and soon finished the report, thanks to him. He watched me type, save, delete, save again, type some more, delete, type, save again, and finally print off my report. \"Done,\" I said, standing and smiling at him. He grinned. \"See? Was that hard?\" I stuck my tongue out at him and turned to leave, but he caught my wrist. \"Hey, would you consider having dinner with me tomorrow night?\" he asked, his blue eyes looking into mine. \"Oh!\" Caught off guard, I fumbled for words to express my enthusiasm. He apparently took it the wrong way, and shook his head. \"Never mind, you're probably busy,\" he mumbled, blushing. \"Working on your writing and whatnot …\" \"Er, what time?\" I asked, cutting him off. He beamed, then bit his lower lip. \"Six-thirty?\" he suggested, waiting for my reaction. I smiled and nodded. \"Yeah. Of course. Can I have my arm back?\" I let my gaze fall to the hand that still held my wrist. \"Oh, right, right.\" He blushed again, letting go of my arm. I took the report to Lynn, who gave me permission to go home an hour early, and went back to my cubicle to get my stuff. The drive home was uneventful. When I arrived at the apartment complex and unlocked my door, Dracula narrowed his eyes at me from the couch. \"You're home early,\" he remarked, his arms crossed over his chest. \"And more bubbly than usual … if that's even possible.\" I grinned at him. \"Cole asked me to dinner!\" He narrowed his eyes further. \"Oh, really?\" he said, standing and walking over to me. \"And who is this mysterious 'Cole' person?\" \"He's my coworker.\" I beamed. \"We've worked on a few stories together. He's absolutely gorgeous!\" Dracula frowned, then rolled his eyes. \"Oh, joy,\" he grumbled. \"Well, I hope you know that that 'steak' was absolutely horrendous. The blood was too thin, it was salty as a sea captain, and it tasted like three-day-old meat!\" I went to the pack of steak—drained of all its juices—and checked out the expiration date. \"That's because it was three-day-old meat,\" I explained, tossing the empty pack into the garbage. He snorted, walking into the kitchen. \"Well, that explains a lot,\" he mumbled, standing behind me. \"And on the subject of your 'date.' Aren't you supposed to stay here with me?\" I rolled my eyes. \"Let's not go through this,\" I complained, walking to my room and taking out my earrings, placing them in a dish on the dresser. I removed my makeup, feeling Dracula's prescence behind me, but not seeing him in the mirror. Figures. I turned to him with an exasperated sigh. \"Look, I'm sure Gerry won't mind if I go out on a date.\" He crossed his arms stubbornly. \"What if I kill someone while you're gone?\" I narrowed my eyes. \"You won't do that.\" \"What if I get hungry? What if I accidentally walk into a patch of sunlight? What if—\" \"I'm not your babysitter!\" I shouted. \"You're a grown man, you've been a grown man for two-thousand years! You can handle yourself! I'm sure you know better than to walk into sunlight and you can wait until I can buy steak!\" Once my tirade was over, I glared into his narrowed eyes as they turned blood-red with anger. He sneered at me, his fangs long and sharp. \"Fine. I don't need a babysitter, anyway.\" With a swish of his long coat, he left the room blindingly fast. I heard the front door slam and fell back against the wall, suddenly feeling empty and cold without him. Slumping onto the floor with my knees hugged into my chest, I felt a lump in my throat as tears cascaded down my cheeks. What had I done? I'd let Gerry down. Dracula was undoubtedly going out to hunt. Worse yet, he was angry and he probably wouldn't come back. He'd find a graveyard with a mausoleum, evict a body out of its coffin, and take up residence in its stead. Every night, he'd pillage, plunder, and spill the blood of innocents, and it was going to be my fault. I sighed. Maybe I was getting ahead of myself. Maybe he wouldn't hurt anyone. These thoughts reassured me slightly, but one thought alone made me cry harder. He wasn't coming back. Onyxx: Yes, Cole Wilson is my gorgeous teacher's name. I stole it … teehee … Ryan Higa: Hey! You stole my slogan, too! (pulls out gun) Onyxx: Okay! Okay! I swear, I will never use your catchphrase again, Ryan, just put the gun down! JE- sus![Chapter 5] A/N: Another disclaimer: I don't own Ryan Higa. He owns himself. Onyxx: It seems my favorite Youtuber has permanently planted his Asian butt on my couch. (glares) Ryan Higa: Weeellll, you get your favorite actor, your favorite movie character AAAAAND your favorite teacher. Why not add your favorite Youtuber? Onyxx: Because my favorite Youtuber is annoying. Ryan Higa: Jeez. Love you too. Chapter Five: Cole laughed and caught my arm as I tripped over a crack in the sidewalk, blushing like mad. \"Thanks,\" I said, smiling shyly. He smiled widely, displaying his big white teeth. \"No problem.\" We continued walking and chatting for a bit before we arrived at the apartment complex. I was still a bit worried about Dracula. But right now, it didn't matter. I unlocked my door and turned back to Cole. \"Dinner was great,\" I said, smiling. \"We should do it again sometime.\" He smiled and bit his lower lip, squeezing my hand gently—the hand he'd been holding all evening. I opened the door. \"You wanna come in?\" I asked, stepping aside. He looked into my eyes, following me into my small apartment. I had tidied up earlier, so it looked nice enough I wouldn't be embarrassed. I waved my hand around, indicating the room. \"This is it,\" I said, trying to lighten the tension of having a sexy man like Cole in my house. He smiled, and I pushed him toward the couch. \"Here, sit while I go change.\" I went down the hall and to my room, where I proceeded to take off the uncomfortable office clothes. It startled me when I felt a warm, smooth hand on my bare shoulder, and I whirled around to glimpse Cole for an instant before his lips found mine. He tangled his hands in my hair and deepened the kiss, directing me toward the bed, and stopping to fumble with the buttons of his shirt. \"Onyxx!\" a voice from the doorway barked accusingly. Cole and I looked to find— Dracula smirked and shook his head. \"It's only your first date,\" he said, acting disappointed. \"Shame, shame.\" \"Dra—\" I paused, not about to call out his name in front of Cole. \"Drake!\" I said instead. Dracula's eyes flashed red as he stepped forward, but I assume Cole only thought it was a trick of the light. He looked down at the younger man, right into Cole's eyes. \"You will go home and go to bed. You will forget this night ever happened. You never saw me, you never asked Onyxx to dinner, you most certainly did not make any advances on her, and you never came to this side of town.\" He pushed a dazed Cole toward the door, where he picked up from there, heading out. Once I heard the front door slam, I turned angrily to Dracula. \"You bastard!\" I hissed, tossing my blouse at him. He caught it easily, smirking, and lifted it to his nose, his eyelids fluttering as he inhaled my perfume. The green orbs flicked back to me, and he tossed the blouse into the hamper. \"You had the intention of seducing him tonight, did you not?\" he asked, advancing toward me until I was forced against the wall, almost nose-to-nose with him. I could barely breathe, partly out of relief of seeing him, partly out of anger that he ruined my night, partly out of … something else. \" Now you show back up?\" I growled, pushing against his chest and walking over to the hamper to find a T-shirt to sleep in. I slipped it over my head and climbed under the sheets, shutting my eyes tight to prevent tears from spilling out. I didn't know why I was about to cry. Maybe I was just relieved that Gerry wouldn't kick my ass because I let Dracula loose. Maybe it was just because Dracula ruined my night with Cole. Maybe it was something else … I felt something large slide next to me on the bed, but not under the covers. I turned around to face Dracula, whose green eyes held my gaze for a long moment before he brushed my bangs off my forehead and kissed it, pulling me into an embrace. I slept better than I ever had that night, and better than I ever would again. Onyxx: Two chapters in one day! You should all be very happy. Dracula: You should be happy I'm back, at least. Onyxx: Hush. Again, I'd like to thank you all for your reviews and I want you to know that I am really grateful for all your support.[Chapter 6] Onyxx: Just a note: If I got the translation wrong, just forgive me … I'm a damn fail. Chapter Six: I opened my eyes to sunlight straming through the window, then remembered that I had fallen asleep in a vampire's arms the night before. Worried, I looked around to make sure he hadn't spontaneously combusted. Then, I felt the weight on the bed next to me and flipped over. Dracula had pulled a pillow and the sheets over his head so the sun wouldn't bother him. Smiling, I got up, careful not to disturb him, and closed the curtains before walking to the kitchen to make a bowl of cereal. I was almost done with my breakfast when I realized I was supposed to be mad at him. I sighed, giving up. I couldn't stay mad at him. It was too hard, and I was a lazy person. Though I was pissed that Cole wouldn't remember even asking me to dinner. I sighed, then stood to put my bowl in the sink. I decided that I should probably wash the rest of the dishes while I was at it. As I washed the last piece of silverware, I felt someone's breath at the back of my neck. Dracula's scent engulfed me, and I turned to face him, but was rendered powerless by his intense green gaze, ringed with red. He smirked. \"You're supposed to be angry at me,\" he said softly, \"remember?\" I wrinkled my nose, managing to turn away from his hypnotic eyes. \"I forgive you,\" I mumbled, turning back to the countertop and wiping it down. His lips brushed against the side of my neck, and I shivered. \"You've been wanting him for months now,\" he said softly, his lips now at my ear. I started to walk away from him, but was pulled back into Dracula's arms, his eyes staring into mine, his lips barely a half-inch from my own. \"How?\" he asked, his voice barely a whisper, his eyes searching my soul. \"How can you forgive me for ruining your love life when even God cannot for fulfilling my destiny?\" My lips parted for a response, but I couldn't think of any words to explain. Instead, I kissed him gently, briefly touching his lips with mine before pulling away to see his reaction. His eyes flashed red before going back to green, then to a blue-ish shade. Dracula's conflicting emotions were written clearly in bold across his face—the way his lips were parted, his brows furrowed togeher, his jaw slack. He was confused. As much as I was, in fact. I had no idea what I had just done. I looked down, blushing deep cherry. \"Sorry, I don't know—\" Before I could complete tha thought, he tilted my face up and cupped it between both hands, pressing his lips to mine in a deep, passionate kiss. He deepened it gently, brushing his tongue against my lower lip. I moaned, tangling my hands in his dark curls. I had wondered what kissing a vampire was like since I had become infatuated with them at thirteen, when Lestat de Lioncourt was my hero and Dracula's death in the Bram Stoker novel brought tears to my eyes. Dracula was warm, possessive and giving at the same time, claiming my mouth as his property—and I gave in to him fully. We pulled apart, and he rested his forehead on mine. \" Ani O'hev O'Tach ,\" he whispered, looking into my eyes. Confused and disoriented by the most amazing kiss of my life (so far), I blinked. \"What language is that?\" I asked. He chuckled and pressed his lips to mine again. \"It means 'I love you' in Aramaic,\" he said, nuzzling my cheek with his nose. I smiled. \"I should have known.\" He inhaled deeply at the base of my neck and rested his forehead there, his eyelashes tickling the exposed skin of my shoulder thanks to the too-wide neckline of my Green Day T-shirt. He sighed and pulled away, yawning wide to reveal his pointed incisors. \"I should go to sleep,\" he mumbled, walking toward the couch. He turned back to me, extending his hand in that familiar gesture from the movie. \"Come, Onyxx,\" he said softly. I found myself powerless to his will as I walked over to him and let him pull me into his arms for another kiss. Then, we lay down on the couch ans slept the day away. In his arms, I found peace and rest, something that was uncommon for me. I was hyperactive. Coffee and energy drinks calmed me down, my family had passed down the ADD gene for generations, and everyone on my father's side had the same symptoms. I tossed and turned every night, despite how comfortable or tired I was. I can't sit still for long periods of time. But I never stirred in Dracula's arms. I instantly fell asleep and dreamed of the warm, neverending darkness of his embrace.[Chapter 7] Onyxx: I can't find any more Aramaic translations on Google. :P Dracula: You know, you could just ask me … Onyxx: I refuse to give you the satisfaction. Dracula: Fine. Have it your way. Chapter Seven: A few weeks passed of … well, nothing, really. If we slept together, it was exactly that—sleep. When I went to work, I often wondered if Cole would ask me to dinner. A lot of times, when we bantered or talked, he looked as though he wanted to say more, but he never did. I didn't really care anymore. I had someone else—and he happened to be a sexy vampire that looked like a duplicate of my best friend. My married best friend. I sighed and started a new document because the last one was an epic fail. Being a reporter could be a sucky job—but it was only a temporary job until I could get in touch with a publisher about the book I had been writing. I plugged my headphones in and started listening to the acoustic version of \"Knives and Pens\" by Black Veil Brides while working on the front page story. Somehow, I always end up stuck with the murder stories. This one was pretty gruesome—a man had been stabbed in the heart with a silver stake and someone had written on his chest in black Sharpie, \"I KNOW YOU'RE HERE JUDAS.\" It sent chills down my spine as I typed the report. I almost died when Lynn's hands bore down on my shoulders. I whirled around to face my boss. Lynn Martin was a birdlike woman, tall and thin with wild blond hair and wire-rimmed glasses on a hooked nose, perched above a thin-lipped mouth. I pulled out my headphones as her piercing green eyes stared into my very soul. If nothing else scared me, the unholy wrath of Lynn Martin certainly did. She pointed at the phone. \"Some Irish guy is on line one,\" she informed me. I picked up the phone hesitantly. I didn't know any Irish guys. Can you imagine my hilarity when I discovered it was Gerry that had called me? \"Why are you laughing?\" he asked. \"Never mind. I have important news. I've found another hole—it's in London. Jonny called me and told me Simon Sheppard showed up at his place and he wanted to know if he was bonkers or not.\" I laughed again. \"Jonny Lee Miller?\" \"No,\" he said, his Scottish accent dripping with playful sarcasm. \"Johnny Depp. You couldn't tell it was him in D2K because he wore a Jonny Lee Miller mask.\" I suddenly became worried. \"Simon's here?\" I said, chewing my lower lip. \"In our world?\" \"Yeah. Jonny said he said something about 'finding Iscariot.' Any idea what he means?\" Gerry seemed to have totally forgotten the entire history behind his character. I hesitated before speaking, the news article weighing heavy on my mind. I know you're here, Judas. Judas. Judas Iscariot. \"No idea,\" I finally said. I hated to lie, but this … this was bad. Capital B-A-D bad. Simon was looking for Dracula.[Chapter 8] Onyxx: Just a little short chapter to establish the drama of the situation. Dracula: I thought you hated drama. Onyxx: Shut it. Or I'll make Simon keel yooh. Dracula: Okay, okay, fine. Chapter Eight: I prayed I wasn't too late. \"He doesn't care.\"I remembered that line, most prominent in my memory, from Dracula 2000, following Christopher Plummer's \"I swear to the Lord Christ...\" I hoped he cared, at least enough to let me get home in time to make sure Simon and Dracula weren't going at it. I unlocked the door and ran inside, afraid of what I would find—blood on the walls, Simon's severed head in the corner, Dracula holding a bloody Michael Myers knife— I blocked the mental images from my head and looked around. Everything looked absolutely normal—except for one thing. A neatly folded note on the coffee table, written in neat, swirling script. I unfolded it with shaky hands, reading it thoroughly. Onyxx, By the time you read this, I will have left your world and returned to the New Orleans I left. It is not because I do not love you that I write this—it is because I do, undeniably and irrevocably. And because I love you, I have to leave this world and let you live. Live, Onyxx. Live. Your life is to be continued without me, and I … I am just another lonely man doomed to rot in hell for eternity. I cannot ever forget the time we spent together, nor will I ever wish to. The taste of your lips lingers on my tongue even as I write— here the words became a little blurry, as it drops of water had spilt on them— and I long to taste them once again. Sadly, I feel the pull, and Simon's stake at my back, and I know I am doomed to never feel the warmth of your living flesh again. There will be others, of that you can be sure. Men will fall at your feet, begging for your love. Don't even try to deny it. You are beautiful as sunlight to me—bright and shining and warm, yet I am doomed to never feel the sun's kiss upon my cheek, as I am doomed to never feel your lips as well. I ask you not to mourn me, nor condemn me, only remember me—I can imagine you, a soft smile on your lips, remembering a lonely vampire who fed on your love as you nurse an infant child, the offspring of your love for another, more deserving man. Farewell, my onyx rose. Perhaps fate will be kind and allow a sweet memory to cross your mind every once in a while. Judas Iscariot I read it over and over, unable to comprehend exactly the meaning behind this, though I knew exactly what it meant. He was gone. Permanently. Poof. Houdini-fied. I would never see him again. I sank to the floor, tears like a waterfall running down my face, and hating myself for crying, hating him for leaving, but most of all, hating myself for hating him. I couldn't hate him. I could hate his actions, hate what he'd done to me—but not Dracula. How could I hate the man I had fallen so in love with in such a short amount of time? He had told me to live, but how can I live when I've lost my reason for living?[Chapter 9] Onyxx: Time to introduce the latest characters! Drumroll, please? … (silence) … No? Well, then, we'll just have to do without. This is Nemo— Nemo: 'Sup. Onyxx: and Tryniti. Tryniti: Hey, guys! Onyxx: In this chapter, I'm afraid we've had to fast-forward a few years … Nemo: A few? Almost a decade, Nyx. Onyxx: Hush, Mo. Nemo: I told you not to call me Mo. I'm not a stooge. Onyxx: I told you not to call me Nyx. Nemo: Stop calling me Mo and I won't call you Nyx. Tryniti: You're both stooges, in my opinion. Nemo: Shut it, Tryn. Tryniti: What did I tell you about calling me Tryn? Nemo: You called me a stooge! Onyxx: Stop fighting! Nemo and Tryniti: NO! Onyxx: Okay, fine … Chapter Nine: I raised an eyebrow at the huge cake Nemo carried into the living room. His long hair looked like it was about to catch fire, the candles making his lip ring glint. He placed it on the card table we had set up in the middle of the room and stood back to admire his handiwork. I smiled, shrugging. \"I have to say, I'm impressed, Nemo.\" He grinned with appreciation as I took another look at the cake that had taken him six painful hours to create. I actually still saw a bit of white icing on his nose and in his dyed black hair, made more prominent by its opaque shade. The cake's lower layer of icing was white, and looked as though it had been spritzed with gray. There were a row of headstones, one he had personally gotten engraved with my name. He shrugged, smirking and blushing at the same time, an oxymoron of pride and bashfullness that only Nemo Stein could pull off. \"Well, you only turn thirty once,\" he mumbled, sitting down beside me and rubbing my back in a friendly way as Tryniti bounced in. \"Make a wish!\" she commanded joyfully, clapping her gloved hands together. I closed my eyes as I wished, leaning forward, and blew out the tombstone candles. Nemo and Tryniti whooped joyfully, then popped in Black Veil Brides' first album, turning it to \"Children Surrender\" and blasting it until I was sure the neighbors could hear it. The front door opened and shut, and Cole walked in, apologizing for being late while carrying in the Mountain Dew. About a year after Dracula left, Cole and I had tried dating—I didn't get more than my toes in the water before I was ready to jump out. He said (and I quote) \"It's like kissing my sister.\" He still hadn't found anyone else, and neither had I. \"What'd you wish for?\" Nemo asked, jerking his head to get his bangs out of his eye. I grinned, crying on the inside. \"I wished you would shut up for once,\" I teased, punching him lightly in the arm. Cole and Tryniti laughed, before Nemo flipped his hand under my plate, shoving cake into my face. I wrestled him to the ground, laughing and picking up his piece of cake from off the table before smearing it all over his nose, cheeks, and in his hair. Tryniti shrugged and threw some at Cole, whose shocked expression made my night. Soon, we were all in the midst of a food-fight and covered in black and white icing, before finally settling down and deciding to play board games. Maybe it was weird, but we were a bunch of straight-edge kids who happened to like playing chess. I beat Cole three times before Nemo finally found the courage to try me. He failed epically. Twice. Tryniti dug all my birthday cards out of the mail. I had at least seventy—none quite so elaborate as the one from the Butler family. Onyxx, it read: I know you're going through a hard time right now. Trust me, I was that way when Erik left the first time. Just know that if you-know-who ever does come back, you'll be the first to know. So go out, have fun. I know you don't drink, but do me a favor: go to some goth club and find a guy for Chrissake. Dance your heart out, eat your weight in funfetti cake (Yep, Nemo, I know your signature), and remember that me, Em, and the kids are always here for you. Oh, yeah, one more thing: HAPPY FUCKING BIRTHDAY! Your Scottish bud, Gerry I died laughing at the end. Somehow, I knew he'd fit his favorite word in there, one way or another. After a few more games of chess, Cole's caffeine high wore off and he decided he wanted to go home before he \"fell asleep and got raped by Tryniti,\" to which Tryniti, we all knew, would be more than happy to do. Then Tryniti went upstairs to her room, and Nemo went to take a shower and try to get all the glop out of his hair. I lay on the couch and replayed my wish over and over in my mind until I'd memorized it. I wish I could just see him one more time, just one more kiss. I hugged a pillow as the familiar lump lodged itself in my throat, and tears spilled out of my eyes, dampening the couch. I barely noticed when arms circled my shoulders and dragged me up, Nemo pulling me into his warm, still-damp chest, smelling like Old Spice. He held me as I cried, making soothing noises as he rocked back and forth, stroking my hair. \"Hey, Nyx, it's okay. Shh. Shh, Nyx, baby, it's okay. I'm here. Nemo's here, baby. Sweetheart, shh. It's okay.\" He pulled me closer, and I was halfway on his lap, sobbing painfully. \"It hurts, Nemo, it hurts so much,\" I whispered, clutching his shirt in my fists. \"There's this hole in my chest and it feels like my heart was ripped out and fed through a woodchipper.\" He stroked my hair, still rocking back and forth. \"I know how it feels. Like you're in pain and it won't let up. Trust me, baby, I know.\" I spent the rest of the night in Nemo's arms, actually feeling that, for once, the huge hole in my heart was (partially) filled. But it still didn't feel right.[Chapter 10] Onyxx: My cat won't leave me alone, so this chapter might be all kinds of cattywompus (get it? :D) Chapter Ten: I held my chin in my hand, twirling a strand of wavy black hair through my fingertips. After I had grown it out a good bit, it started curling and gave me this weird Morticia Addams look. Tryiniti was applying eyeliner in the mirror, making her already Asian features even more catlike. \"Nyx, doll, you've gotta lighten up about this whole ordeal. So what, a guy broke up with you eight years ago. Big deal. I was abused as a child and look at me.\" She turned to me, shrugging. \"I'm just fine.\" Yeah, but you aren't crazy in love with a vampire … I shrugged. \"Yeah, I know. I just … can't get over him.\" Tryiniti looked sympathetic, then leaned over and hugged me. \"I'm sorry, sweetie,\" she said, her arms loose around my shoulders. \"I just wish you'd get over this guy. It can't be healthy.\" I nodded. Damn right, it isn't healthy … I could end up undead, or worse, anemic. Tryiniti left to go to work, leaving me alone to wallow in self-loathing. I walked into the kitchen to get a bowl of my favorite anti-depressant: Count Chocula. As I did so, I noticed a very familiar face at the door. I opened the door as the beautiful Justine Waddell walked in, followed by … Mary Van Helsing? Before I could say anything, Mary and Justine began speaking. \"Look, I know it's early,\" Justine began, \"but Mary needed me to find you, and I have to know if I'm not going crazy.\" I shook my head. \"I can't deal with this right now,\" I started to say, but I didn't get very far before Mary dragged me over to the couch. \"Sit down,\" she said calmly. \"Dracula is going to kill himself.\" My eyes widened. \"Wh … what?\" I whispered. She nodded gravely. \"He's going to watch the sunrise tomorrow as a celebration of Halloween, and a late Happy Birthday to you.\" I blinked away the tears that threatened to spill. \"How? Why?\" I croaked, unable to speak, my mouth dry as cotton. She shook her head. \"I don't know. All I know is that you're the only one who can stop him.\" I put my head in my hands, biting my lower lip. \"Why me?\" I whispered. \"Because he loves you, Onyxx,\" Mary insisted, her hand on my shoulder. She looked around. \"Do you really think you belong here? This isn't the world you should be in. You belong in our world— his world, with him. And I think I know how to get you there.\" Mary reached into her pocket and withdrew a small plastic container with a writing black creature inside, then a syringe. I almost died. \"Is … is that what I think it is?\" I asked, not wanting to touch the leech. She held a grim expression as she withdrew blood from the leech, then grabbed my arm gently. \"Try to relax,\" she said, stabbing it into my forearm. It didn't hurt so much, but the feeling I got when his blood fused with mine … Better than being high. Even though I had never actually experienced being high, this had to top it. It topped everything. Then, as quickly as the rush came, it was gone. Mary turned my face to look into my eyes, and she nodded grimly. \"You should feel a force pulling you from the inside,\" she said, throwing the leech on the floor and stomping it. I felt it, all right. It was like something was tugging at my soul, pulling me in like a fish on a hook. \"I need to write Nemo and Tryniti a note,\" I said, wondering how I was supposed to say goodbye to them forever. Mary and Justine waited as I wrote a long letter to my two best friends. Mo and Tryn, I guess this is it. Thanks so much for letting me stay with you for the past five years. I'm sorry I couldn't stay—I have important business elsewhere and no matter how much I want to stay, he needs me more. This isn't some kind of religious quest. This is to save the love of my life from killing himself. I couldn't have ever asked for better friends—only you guys could make me laugh like you do. Mo, nobody I know or ever will know, not even Emril, cooks as good as you, I swear. You're the nicest, most sensitive guy I've ever met that's also straight. You'll always be like a brother to me, and I will never forget your face when I shoved cake in it the other night. Tryn, you're my sister from another mister. Don't ever let anyone look down on you because you're even more different than most freaks like me and Mo. Don't let those idiot racist dudes look down on you because you're Japanese. And don't let Mo take all of my CD's. I love you guys with all my heart. Nyx I turned back to Mary, wiping the tears from my eyes. \"I'm ready,\" I said, and we left for London.[Chapter 11] Onyxx: Hmm. Wonder how many chapters this is gonna end up having. Maybe another after this one. Mary: At least two more! Come on! Onyxx: (sigh) Maybe. Jeez. Chapter Eleven: I stood near the Big Ben as Mary gave me the heads-up. \"Look, I'm not gonna sugarcoat this. It's gonna hurt like hell,\" she said bluntly. \"It feels like getting crushed between a rock and a minivan. But it's brief, so it's not that bad.\" Taking my hand, she began walking toward the direction of the pull. I braced myself as we were engulfed in brilliant white light. I was pressed against from all sides, my insides feeling like they were being crushed together and pulled apart at the same time. It hurt, it hurt so much, if it didn't stop I'd scream. I screamed anyway, and then the light faded away, and I opened my eyes, standing in the middle of New Orleans. Mary pulled me by the arm through the streets, guiding me through the maze of Halloween costumes, many looking like Lestat de Lioncourt. I even saw one girl dressed up as Claudia from Interview with the Vampire. Tells you how much the N'awlins people love Anne Rice. As Mary took a moment to glance at her watch and see how many minutes we had left until dawn, I saw him. Dracula stood on the edge of the building where, in the movie, he had been hung from the cross and burned in the light of the sun. Now, he had a rope with him, and had it tied to the very same cross. The noose was around his neck, and he looked ready to jump off. \"Mary!\" I shouted, getting her attention. \"There! There he is!\" She looked up, blanching at the sight of his position, so precariously close to the edge. \"He's waiting for the sun to rise,\" she whispered. We ran to the building, climbing up the fire escape to get to the roof. The sky lightened by the second, each second ticking away to Dracula's death. It was a light pink when we finally reached the top, and the sun peeked over the horizon, still not enough yet to kill him, but enough to send Mary and I into panic. As he jumped, I dove for him, sending us both off the edge with a battle cry that would make Beowulf blanch with fear. Dracula caught my hand as we fell, the rope snapping tight around his neck. He stared at me with wonder, tears in his eyes, before he glanced worriedly at the lightening horizon. I heard the rope snap, and we both began freefalling. I knew then that I was going to die. I prepared myself to become the epitome of SPLAT!, just as Dracula pulled me into his arms and blocked my fall. He grunted as he hit the ground, then looked me full in the face. \"This is a dream,\" he whispered, stroking my cheek. I shook my head, taking his hand in mine and bringing it to the place above my heart. His lips parted with childlike fascination, and he whispered, \"You … are real,\" before pressing his lips to mine. I smiled, trying not to cry, and put my arms around him.[Chapter 12] Onyxx: No. I refuse to say it. Dracula: Go on, tell them. They deserve to know. Onyxx: I REFUSE. Dracula: (cuddles) You know you can't resist … Onyxx: Yes the hell I can. Dracula: Ugh. Fine. I'll tell them then. Simon: Tell them what? Dracula: Umm, the thing with you and Mary? Simon: OH! That! Yeah … Mary: What about me and Simon? Dracula: Well, it's really about all of us. Onyxx: They can find out when it happens in the story. Now hush and move on with the chapter, you nitwit. Chapter Twelve: I woke in a dark room, lying in a bed with black silk and velvet covers. I sat up, looking around. There was a throne-like chair in one corner, and all the curtains were covered with heavy black drapes. It took me a minute to register the fact that someone had removed my clothes, and I tried to remember what had happened after we saved Dracula's life. I had been walking with him to his new home, an apartment on Bourbon Street, when the jetlag and mental strain had finally hit me like a sledgehammer, and I collapsed in his arms. After that, I remember nothing else. The door opened, and I instinctively pulled the silk sheet up around myself. Dracula walked in, carrying a breakfast tray. When he saw me barely clothed, he seemed to stop breathing for a moment. \"I apologize,\" he said, looking away. \"I had Mary undress you and remove the uncomfortable clothes you were wearing.\" He placed the tray down next to me, and then sat in the chair, just staring at me, watching me as I ate. \"I had nothing for you to wear, so I had her leave you the way you were. I hope you find the arrangements to your liking?\" His eyes were filled with hope. He hadn't changed much in appearance, but he seemed quieter, kinder, since I last saw him. I smiled and beckoned him over. When he walked hesitantly to my side, I pulled his lips to mine, indulging in my very own personal forbidden fruit. Dracula deepened the kiss gently, handling me as if I were made of glass. I was the one who pushed him to the edge. We came up for air, then quickly went back at it, as if drawn together magnetically. His hands rested on my lower and upper back, his lips claiming mine with the authority of a king. His tongue battled mine in a fight for dominance. Needless to say, he won. It was a long time before either of us actually thought to breathe. Dracula stroked my cheek before kissing the tip of my nose, brushing my hair away from my face. \"Everything I am is yours … and all you are is mine,\" he whispered, his lips trailing down to my neck. I arched up, expecting his fangs to tear into my skin, wanting it. He chuckled softly before planting a kiss there, then rested his forehead on mine. \"No, not tonight, my love,\" he said, brushing a strand of hair behind my ear. \"But soon,\" he whispered, pulling away and walking to the door, \"you will be chosen.\" I watched him leave, unable to bear the cold emptiness that had entered the room with his exit.[Chapter 13] Onyxx: Hey guys! I know, I'm on an updating rampage. Dracula: And I'm back for good! Onyxx: Yay! (huggles) As if you could stand to leave me. Dracula: Okay, let's not make the commentary too fluffy. We DO have a chapter … and a moment in the chapter … and the thing we need to tell them … Onyxx: Yeah, the important thing that's brought to everyone's attention in this chapter … Dracula: So on with the chapter! Onyxx: Oh, yeah. I put a link on my profile to how Onyxx the OC is supposed to look. Chapter Thirteen: I slipped the dress over my head and then looked in the big full-length mirror on the wall. The dress was black and had lace sleeves, and the neckline plunged lower than I'd usually wear it. Combined with my wavy black hair and big blue eyes, I bore an uncanny resemblance to Morticia Addams. I was still staring at my reflection when I felt strong arms circle my waist, scaring the crap out of me because, naturally, I didn't see Dracula walk up behind me. \"You look beautiful,\" he whispered, his voice husky in my ear. \"Do you like it?\" I fingered the lace and bit my lower lip before turning around to face him, smiling sadly. \"I love it,\" I whispered, before giving him a chaste kiss on the lips. He smiled as we parted, then buried his face in my hair, inhaling deeply. \"You are unhappy,\" he observed. \"Why?\" I put my arms around his neck and sighed, resting my head on his shoulder. \"I'm not unhappy,\" I lied, knowing he could tell. \"I just …\" He sighed and held me close, nuzzling my neck and planting a few small kisses along my exposed collarbone. I shivered as he stood up straight, tilting my chin up to look into my eyes. \"You can go back any time you wish,\" he said softly, hurt apparent in his eyes. \"I will understand.\" I shook my head, brushing his hand away and sitting on the edge of the bed, patting the spot beside me to indicate him to sit down. \"I want more from this relationship,\" I finally said. God, this was awkward! \"I mean … I don't want to be just another bride.\" Dracula smiled sadly. \"And you won't,\" he whispered, taking my hand. \"You won't be a bride, you'll be my wife.\" He pulled a ring off his right hand, slipping it onto my left index finger. I looked at the emblem. It was made of a silvery metal, but I knew it couldn't be silver because duh , he hates silver. \"Iron,\" he finally said, reading my thoughts. The emblem was a dragon on a background of black. I looked up at him, hoping he would explain. He did, of course. \"The name 'Dracula' derives from the Romanian word dracul , which can be translated as 'dragon' or 'devil.' Dracula literally means 'son of the Dragon' or 'son of the devil.'\" He gave me a playfully evil grin as he added, \"I used the name to scare away meddlesome Romanian townsfolk.\" He laughed with me, looking at the ring and taking my hand again, then bringing his eyes to mine. \"I want you to take this as a token of my love for you,\" he whispered, his eyes that strange blue shade again. \"Even if I am not here, you will always have this with you.\" Smiling, he placed a soft, chaste kiss on my lips, before standing and walking to the door. Dracula turned to me, holding out his hand, beckoning me to him. \"Come, you must be hungry. I have prepared a meal for you, and afterwards I plan to take you to on a date.\" The innocent look in his eyes made me giggle, to which he tilted his head, looking confused. \"A date?\" I repeated, taking his hand. He pursed his lips. \"Is it not customary for a suitor to take the woman he is courting on a date?\" I laughed. \"That's supposed to be before you give them a ring.\" He smiled. \"Then I guess we'll just do this backwards.\" He kissed me, and then took me downstairs for dinner. Onyxx: By the way, the link to the picture of the ring I'm using as a model is on my profile, right under the one of the model for the older version of me. Well, that's how I wanna look …[Chapter 14] Onyxx: Hope you guys enjoyed the last chapter! Now, the REAL fun begins … Dracula: We're telling them in this one? Onyxx: Yup. Dracula: YES! Finally! Chapter Fourteen: Dracula held my hand as we walked down Bourbon Street, under the light of the full moon. The Halloween decorations were still up, and I thought it was funny how the little Dracula decorations looked nothing like the real thing—standing next to me, in fact. He looked into my eyes lovingly, then steered me along the empty streets back home. I sighed as we neared his apartment. I didn't ever want this night to end. Dracula paused a moment at the door, then turned back to me, a strange shadow in his eyes. \"We're doing everything backwards now, right?\" he asked, and I swore I saw a bead of sweat trickle down his neck. Before I could reply, his lips were pressed to mine, and I was pressed between him and the wall. The kiss he gave me was searing and sent chills down my spine. He opened the door, never removing his lips from mine, and carried me in, bridal style. I lay against Dracula's chest, moonlight making the sweat on his pale skin glisten. I had never known vampires actually could sweat, but it wasn't like I was surprised. His hand stroked my shoulder gently as he twirled a lock of my hair in his other hand. \"Backwards is a good direction to go in,\" he mused, smiling softly as he looked at me. I smiled back, fighting hard to keep my eyes open. I yawned, snuggling closer to him. \"Definitely.\" He took one of my hands, positioning himself so he could look into my eyes. \"I love you, Onyxx,\" he whispered, stroking my wet hair away from my face. He kissed my forehead before pulling me closer to him, burying his face in my neck and inhaling deeply. I smiled, closing my eyes. I had barely gotten out \"I love you, too,\" before I drifted off to sleep. The next morning, I woke alone, Dracula's side of the bed still faintly warm. I grabbed his button-down shirt and boxers, then walked down the stairs, where I was greeted by a shocking sight. Dracula was standing next to a black and purple corseted dress with a puffy skirt, and, had it been white, I would have thought it was a wedding dress. \"Is that ...\" I barely finished speaking before he was standing before me, his lips pressed to mine in a loving, passionate kiss. \"It is.\" He pressed a finger to my lips and gave me the dress. \"Try it on.\" I ran up the stairs, carrying the heavy dress with me, hearing his footsteps behind me. He waited out in the hallway as I put the dress on. I had trouble lacing up the corset, and I knew I would need his help, so I walked out into the hallway and turned my back to him, pulling my hair over my shoulder as his skilled fingers brushed over my skin, leaving a trail of goosebumps behind. He took a deep breath and laced up the corset, planting a kiss on my neck. \"One more thing,\" he said, handing me a black veil from behind him. I was shocked at first, until I heard a door open downstairs and Mary calling our names. Dracula smiled, as if he had a secret, and took my hand, leading me down the stairs. I was shocked when I saw Mary smiling brightly at me, Simon holding her hand, and a vaguely familiar man in clerical robes looking uneasy. \"Father David,\" Dracula greeted. \"You're late.\" Mary grinned wider. \"Only fashionably.\" Dracula smiled and took my hand, leading me forward. \"A bit hasty, my love,\" he said, kissing the back of my hand, \"but I could not wait to call you my own.\" David took out a book, flipping through the pages until he found the right one, then cleared his throat. \"You know, this is my first wedding,\" he said nervously, looking around the living room. \"My dear friends, you have come together ...\" Dracula waved a hand. \"Skip to the vows.\" David sighed nervously, then turned another page. \"Er, what's your name?\" Dracula flashed him a fanged smile. \"Judas Iscariot.\" David paled and gulped, crossing himself, before Dracula waved him on. \"J-J-Judas Isc-Iscariot and Onyxx Rayne, have you come here freely and without reservation to give yourselves to each other in marriage?\" \"Yes,\" Dracula and I said in unison. \"Will you honor each other as man and wife for the rest of your lives?\" \"Yes.\" \"Will you accept children lovingly from God, and bring them up according to the law of Christ and his Church?\" Dracula glared, and David cleared his throat again, running a finger under his collar. \"Since it is your intention to enter into marriage, join your right hands, and declare your consent before God and his Church.\" Dracula turned to me. \"I, Judas Iscariot, take you, Onyxx Rayne, to be my wife. I promise to be true to you in good times and in bad, in sickness and in health. I will love you and honor you all the days of my life.\" I took a deep breath and swallowed, looking into his eyes. Somehow, I found the words, though duh , I had never been married before. \"I, Onyxx Rayne, take you, Judas Iscariot, to be my husband. I promise to be true to you in good times and in bad, in sickness and in health. I will love you and honor you all the days of my life.\" David took another deep breath. \"What God has joined, men-\" \"Or vampires,\" Dracula cut in. David glanced at him. \"Or vampires, must not divide.\" He looked at Dracula. \"Do you have the rings?\" Dracula narrowed his eyes. \"I have one ring that she will wear. It is the ring with my emblem on it and it signifies our love. We need nothing more.\" David cleared his throat again. \"Talk about Unorthodox,\" he grumbled. \"I'm gonna need to bless that ring.\" Dracula snorted, then took the ring off my hand and gave it to David. \"Hurry if you value your life, priest.\" David said a prayer over the ring and made the sign of the cross, then gave it back to Dracula. He turned to me. \"Onyxx Rayne, take this ring as a sign of my love and fidelity.\" He left off the rest about the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. David turned another page in the book. \"Erm, she needs something to give you as a promise of her ...\" He wilted under Dracula's furious glare. \"... Fidelity?\" \"I have no doubts she will remain faithful, David,\" he said, menacingly soft. David cleared his throat again. \"Er, you may kiss the bride?\" Dracula furrowed his eyebrows. David shrugged. \"You made it clear you weren't exactly Orthodox Catholic.\" After a moment, Dracula actually laughed. David and Mary joined in, and Simon cracked a smile. Then, Dracula turned to me, and pressed his lips gently to mine. I couldn't believe it. I was married. But not just married . I was married to Dracula, my favorite undead anti-hero. Even crazier, I was married to the Wes Craven version of Dracula! But it didn't matter. All that mattered was that I could now call him mine and mean it.[Chapter 15] Onyxx: More important news! Dracula: Wait, there's more? And I don't know about it? Onyxx: Well, you'll know by the end of the chapter. Dracula: Why can't you just tell me now? Onyxx: Well, because it's a surprise … Dracula: (sulks in corner) I really fucking hate surprises. Chapter Fifteen: My hands shook as I looked at the little round window on the applicator again, then I grabbed the instructions and re-read them. I almost got nauseous again as the big bold print glared up at me: Plus sign means positive. Oh, God. I dropped the test and walked down the stairs, holding my head in my hands and counting the days since my last period. I was pregnant. I was pregnant and not even a month married yet. And it had only been the one time… What would Dracula say? Would he be happy? Would he throw me and our unborn child out? Would he be sad? Would he care at all? I didn't want to find out. I almost screamed when his arms wrapped around my waist. Dracula chucked, nuzzling my neck from behind. \"Jumpy today, aren't we?\" he murmured, kissing my shoulder. I laughed nervously, then turned around to face him, trying to build up the resolve to tell him. As I opened my mouth to speak, I felt a tug deep inside me, as if ... as if I was being pulled back. I slipped from Dracula's arms, felt him trying to pull me, keep me in the fantasy world I knew I really belonged in. I felt the excruciating pain of being pulled back into reality and squeezed my eyes shut, trying to scream, but no sound came out of my mouth. The white light was blinding even behind shut lids. Then, darkness and unbearable cold numbness. I was alone in an alley, the stench of car fumes and other city smells filling my nostrils. It was all so familiar, and I knew instantly I was in Gaffney. I looked up at the sky, too shocked at first to say anything. Then, realizing at last that I would probably never see my husband again, I sat down and cried. \"Onyxx?\" An all-too-familiar Scottish accent reached my ears, and I was pulled into strong arms, carried down the street while Emmy Rossum-Butler whispered soothing words to me, her husband racing me to a hospital. I was numb. I felt nothing. It was dark and cold inside my mind, and my soul felt rage and sorrow. I wanted to die. Dracula pulled the sheets of the bed around him, imagining he could still feel her skin next to him, could still smell the lavender shampoo she had used that morning. He felt so numb, so cold, so alone. His wife, his love, she was gone. And he could do nothing. He had tried to his best extent to hold her to him, oh how he had tried . He had tried to jump after her, would endure the pain of the journey a million times over if he had to just to reach her. How he tried. He screamed at the ceiling, at the empty room, at the lingering scent of her skin, at the question he had wanted to ask her. \"Do you want to have a baby?\" How he longed for a child. How he longed for her. He didn't care what it would take, how long he would have to wait. He would try and try again, always try. \"I will find you,\" he whispered into the sheets that smelled of her. \"I will find you.\"[Chapter 16] Onyxx: Gack! Now I'm stuck here, and Dracula's still there, and, and, and, and I HAVE NO ONE TO TALK TO! (sulks) Gerry: You've got meeee … Onyxx: Yeah, but you're not important. Gerry: I am too! I'm like the most important, cool, sexy, desirable, and freekin' awesome actor of all time! Onyxx: Not necessarily … Gerry: You DARE contradict me! Onyxx: No, no, I don't dare! Chapter Sixteen: Minutes became days, days became weeks, and weeks became months. Nine, in fact. My daughter was born on October thirty-first, and I named her Mary Elizabeth Rayne—I left off Iscariot because, frankly, her father didn't exist in this world. Gerry and Emmy stepped in as the other parental figures—he became Uncle Gerry and she was (I'm dead serious, Gerry came up with it and she hated it but it stuck) Auntie Em. Eventually, months turned into years. Gerry and Emmy convinced me to enroll her in ballet—her natural grace called for it. No wonder. She was just like her father. She had the same black curls and thoughtful green eyes, and need I mention her diet? Being half vampire, it didn't come as a shock to me that little Mary would drink blood, after all. I had read The Chronicles of Vladimir Tod. However, she remained immune to sunlight—much like Vlad. I watched my daughter age and mature, while I stayed the same age as the day I injected his blood into me. I felt a constant tug in my soul, but I knew I had to stay and care for my daughter. I never gave any other man a chance. I didn't want to. I was still married, it wasn't like I had left of my own accord. My love was just separated from me. I got offers, sure. Several. Daily. Apparently, the fact that I was raising a daughter alone marked me as a whore. The fact that Gerry never stuck with my original story—the father was in Afghanistan—didn't exactly help matters. But I didn't care. Dracula had told Father David that he had no doubts of my fidelity and love—I wasn't about to let him down. I sighed as Mary pulled on my sleeve with her petite little hands. Leaning down, I asked her what was wrong. \"Mommy, that man is staring at you,\" she whispered, pointing at a bench. I smiled sadly and took her hand. \"He's an old friend of Mommy's. Come with me to say hi, sweetie.\" I walked over to him, shaking my head. \"You look bad, Cole. What happened?\" He grinned, his black eye shining. \"Some guy told me you made a pass at him, so I told him to shut the fu—\" He glanced warily at Mary before clearing his throat, \"— freak up.\" Mary rolled her eyes. \"Dude. I know what you were going to say. Uncle Gerry says that word all the time. My mommy tells me not to repeat anything Uncle Gerry says, because he has a potty mouth.\" \"I heard that, my little Bessie,\" Gerry said, coming up behing her and picking her up. She squealed loudly, and he put her up over his shoulder. I smiled, wondering what Dracula would do if he knew he had a daughter. If he had raised her. If I hadn't been pulled back to my world. I looked at Cole, remembering the night Dracula had gone all jealous-lover and ruined the date … but it had been worth it. I would have had him ruin every date for the rest of my life if I could still have married him. I wiped the unshed tears from my eyes before anyone could see, then took my daughter out of Gerry's arms. \"Come on, Ger, time to go.\" I took Cole's hand and squeezed it gently, then kissed him on the cheek. \"Goodbye, Cole.\" He smiled sadly at me and waved once more at me and Mary, then turned and walked away. I sighed. We had another stop to make before we got to go home. \"Come on, Mary, we've gotta stop by Dollar General and pick up that stuff you need for school.\" Dracula knew this was it. It had to be. He sighed and braced himself for the jump, feeling the pull harder than ever before. He knew she was on the other side. His blood called to him, from deep within Onyxx's body. Taking a deep breath, he took a running start and plunged headfirst into the location he assumed had to be the hole. He was tugged in the rest of the way, and soon felt as if he was being crushed from all sides, his insides churning and contracting, his dead heart aching in his chest (literally, it felt like it was being crushed). He gasped for air, taking in the smog-filled \"oxygen,\" as well as a familiar scent. Lavender. Dracula smiled gazing up at the stars. He had made it. Now, to find Onyxx.[Chapter 17] Onyxx: I'm so sorry I couldn't update sooner. Thing is, I haven't had time. Being in advanced algebra classes and having homework piled on you every day is hard on a 13-year-old. And once I get home from school, my to-do list is \"Coffee, Gerard Butler movie, sleep.\" So I can really only do this on weekends. Dracula: The Gerry Butler movies are about two hours long, so if you cut that out of the picture, you'd have time to update. Onyxx: See, that's where you're wrong. I have spontaneously decided to go on a quest— Dracula: Oh, shit, here it comes … Onyxx: —of vital importance. I am on my way to watching every Gerard Butler movie! Dracula: They don't have all his movies at her local rental place, sadly, or this story would have beed finished by now. Onyxx: So I rent the same ones over and over. Here are the ones I've already seen— Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life, Dracula 2000, Dear Frankie, P.S. I Love You, How to Train Your Dragon, RocknRolla, Nim's Island, The Ugly Truth— Dracula: And the list goes on … Can we skip to the chapter now? Onyxx: Timeline, The Phantom of the Opera— Dracula: Enough already! Onyxx: The Bounty Hunter, Gamer, 300— Dracula: (puts a hand over her mouth) WE GET IT. Chapter Seventeen: I sighed, taking Mary's hand and leading her into Dollar General. Working at little restaurants in Upstate South Carolina isn't exactly a well-paying career path, so this is the best we've got. Until I can make a decent paycheck, this works for us. Sure, their batteries suck and their dolls are cheap and trashy-looking (thank God Mary prefers reading to Barbie), but we get by. I went to the school supplies section and took out the paper listing everything Mary would need for second grade, skimming over it and dumping things into our cart. Crayons, paper, pencils, markers … I folded the list back up and put it in my purse, then noticed that my seven-year-old daughter was nowhere to be found. Distressed, I searched all over the store, abandoning the cart to find her. I couldn't even begin to imagine what I would do if I lost her. She was all I had left of my old life. All I had left of him. I wasn't about to lose her. Mary hummed to herself as she skipped through the aisles of Dollar General, examining each toy and wondering why boys loved those Transformers so much. She sighed and picked up a book off the small rack, reading the title. Bram Stoker's Dracula. She almost laughed, thinking about how her mommy had said her daddy was a vampire but she wasn't supposed to tell anyone. She looked at the price tag. Five dollars for a worn paperback edition of the best book ever written. She had ten. She walked over to the counter and smiled brightly, looking up at the woman with her enchanting green eyes. \"I would like to purchase this novel, please,\" she said, placing the book and her money on the counter. The woman smiled warmly. \"Sweetie, isn't this a little old for you?\" she asked quietly. Mary shook her head. \"The main antagonist is, of course, Dracula, the most famous vampire of all time. The protagonist is Jonathan Harker, a guest of the Count's who discovers who the Count really is. My mommy read it to me before, then I read it myself. It's a wonderful work of fiction, and I'm shocked you don't price it higher at this location.\" The woman seemed shocked at Mary's intellect and large vocabulary. She rolled her eyes. Typical. \"Are you going to let me buy the book or not, lady?\" Her mommy had always said she had that impatient streak her daddy had. The woman blinked a few times and scanned the book, then gave Mary the bag and her change. \"There you go, sweetie.\" Mary smiled and skipped back to find her mother, but was distracted by the sight of a frightening-looking man with curly black hair and deep green eyes set in a pale face. He wore a pair of black pants, black boots, a black shirt, and a long black coat. He seemed to be swallowed up by black. He also seemed distressed as he sat abruptly on a bench, holding his head in his hands. \"What am I to do?\" Mary heard him moan. She walked over to him, despite the number one rule: Don't talk to strangers. Dracula groaned, annoyed by his lack of ability to find Onyxx, coupled with the hopelessness of his mission. What if she wasn't here? What if she had forgotten him? What if ... she had found someone else? He had almost given up when he felt a small hand tug on his coat. He looked up into the vaguely familiar face of an adorable child with black ringlet curls and thoughtful green eyes, conflicting her pale complexion. \"Are you lost, mister?\" she asked, tilting her head to the side. He could see a gap between two teeth where one had recently fallen out when she spoke, and was immediately drawn in by a strange aura the child had. \"No,\" he said simply, ignoring her charm, yet not immune to it. \"Are you sad, then?\" He hesitated before answering, \"Yes.\" This caused her head to tilt further, making her even more recognizable. He knew someone who looked just like her, though he couldn't put his finger on it. \"My mommy said my daddy is sad because he can't find us,\" she said, looking at me curiously. \"Are you my daddy?\" Dracula's eyes widened, and he looked at the little girl long and hard. He could swear he knew this child, or someone that resembled her. \"Because my mommy had to leave my daddy,\" she continued. \"She said she didn't want to, but she had to come back to her home and leave him. She said that he would look for us and that when he found us, we could go home.\" He opened his mouth, then shut it as a woman pulled the child away. He stared in shock at her. \"Mary, there you are!\" I sighed, taking her hand. \"God, you gave me a heart attack! And what did I tell you about talking to ...\" I looked up at the main, letting the sentence trail off. \"Strangers?\" Mary finished, but I wasn't listening. I dropped her hand and held my own to stop it from shaking, then threw my arms around Dracula's neck, tears falling down my face as I kissed him. \"Oh, God,\" I whispered, kissing him again. \"You're here. You found us.\" He held me close, breathing in my ear. \"You know I would not have rested until I held you in my arms again.\" He pulled away, looking back at Mary. \"And who is this?\" As I opened my mouth to reply, Gerry came around the corner. \"Onyxx, didn't you say you needed ...\" He stopped mid-sentence and ran over to hug his look-alike. Dracula looked confused, then looked back at Mary, then at me, then at Gerry. \"Did you ...\" \"No!\" Gerry and I yelled in unison. \"Then whose ...\" His eyes widened with realization as he picked Mary up, looking her in the eyes. Mary beamed. \"You are my daddy!\" she yelled, throwing her arms around his neck.[Chapter 18] Onyxx: Despite the long weekend, I didn't have time to update. I've had a lot on my plate, what with my quest and all— Dracula: Which actually hasn't gone any further. Onyxx: Hush. Anyways, in addition to my most noble and daring of quests (don't even try to contradict me, you know it is), I had to go to a family reunion … which is awkward when you don't know 99% of your family. Dracula: Oh, quit making excuses. You deserve to have sharp objects flung at you by your readers. Any volunteers? I'll even lend you a Shuriken. Onyxx: (sobs) I KNOW, I'M A HORRIBLE PERSON! Dracula: … Oh, dear … I made her cry … now they're gonna throw sharp objects at me… NEVER MIND, YOU CAN'T HAZ MY SHURIKEN! Chapter Eighteen: Dracula filled me in on the events that had transpired in my absence. Simon and Mary had tied the knot (FINALLY) and now had two children about our own daughter's age. He decided to let old Abraham Van Helsing live, considering the old man had been through so much trauma already—on one condition: NO MORE LEACHES. Father David was constantly bothering Dracula about me, wondering what he had done to run me off because I seemed like such a nice girl and he was gonna smack Dracula for being a bad husband. Dracula had responded by smacking him. And Dracula? Unsurprisingly, he had bouts of depression and loneliness, and he also got offers every night when he went out to the city. According to him, he let each woman down—not exactly gently, either. Then he wanted to hear about Mary Elizabeth, so I told him all about her. Mary loved black and her favorite author was Edgar Allen Poe. She had advanced reading and math abilities, and had read Dracula at least a dozen times. She had always asked about him, so I told her as much as I could—which usually wasn't a lot because I'd burst into tears once I got out \"Your father was\". So instead, I showed her the movie. Thought that would teach her about him better than I could. After she asked if her daddy really burst into flames, I managed to laugh and tell her the story about how he had changed and instead of killing all those people, he became nicer and married me. I was happy to have my husband back. I was even happier that we had our daughter. But the thing that made the hole in my chest whole again was that we were all together. Dracula sighed and leaned his cheek against the top of Onyxx's head as they sat on the couch, in front of the fireplace and huge flatscreen TV that he made a mental note to thank Gerry for later. He brushed a stray lock of wavy black hair out of her eyes before sighing again, pulling her close against him. \"I missed you so much,\" he whispered, kissing her cheek. She smiled and gave him a gentle, brief kiss, just enough to feel her lips on his. \"I missed you more.\" He snorted, rolling his eyes. \"How can you think you honestly missed me more than I missed you? I was alone for two millenia before I met you, then you were wrenched from my grasp a month after our wedding. How do you think that makes me feel?\" She appeared to contemplate a moment before smiling gently, then kissing him again. \"Maybe we missed each other equally, then.\" He laughed, the first time in almost eight years. \"Maybe.\" He felt at peace as she pulled him in for another kiss, and things were just starting to get heated up when they heard a small voice from the staircase. \"Mommy? Daddy?\" little Mary called. \"I had a bad dream.\" He glanced into his wife's eyes before they both stood, walking their daughter back up the stairs and accompanying her to bed, to ward away any more nightmares the little girl may have. The hole in his chest was made whole again as he drifted off to sleep, holding one of his daughter's hands as she lay between them in their bed.[Chapter 19] Onyxx: Hey, everybody! I'm doing this at my friend's house, so it'll be short and sweet… literally, it'll probably give you diabetes. XD Dracula: Well, dear, I've always had a bit of a sweet tooth… Onyxx: Let's keep it PG-13, hon. Chapter Nineteen: I woke the next morning trying to remember why I was so happy, then realized my daughter slept between me and my husband. The husband I had been reunited with after eight long years. I stroked Mary's hair away from her face, then looked at Dracula. The frown lines on his godlike face had smoothed out, his lips curved gently in the smallest hint of a smile as he held our daughter's hand. I stood and covered him with a blanket to protect him from the sunlight streaming in Mary's window, then went downstairs to get a bowl of cereal. I should probably be used to surprising things such as Gerry popping in with my name temporarily tattooed across his butt when I was feeling really depressed. However, when Dracula's arms wrapped around my waist, I almost spilled my bowl of cereal. He chuckled and nuzzled my neck, planting a kiss on my shoulder. \"I've missed you,\" he whispered, his lips now at my ear. I put a hand on his cheek and turned to face him, smiling and placing my bowl of cereal on the counter. \"Didn't we go over this last night about how much we missed each other?\" I said, bringing my lips to his. He chuckled softly and held his arms around me, looking into my eyes when we pulled back. \"We may have.\" Now that he was awake, the frown lines on his forehead and the troubled expression had returned. I put my head against his chest and sighed deeply, closing me eyes. \"Mommy? Daddy?\" Mary called from the stairs. \"Can I have breakfast now?\" I looked up at her, sighing and going to the refrigerator, taking out a bag of type O. Maybe I should explain the freezer full of blood bags. Nemo had gotten a job at a hospital, and he was the only human other than Gerry's family who knew about Mary. So it was a good thing to have someone to help us out. The front door opened. Speak of the devil ... Nemo walked in with grocery bags, wearing light green scrubs (his least favorite color), kicking the door shut with his heel. \"Hey, Nyx,\" he called. \"I'm home.\" One grocery bag had some red liquid seeping out of it. Seeing this, he growled. \"Ah, shit.\" I took the bag from him and placed it in the sink, taking the new blood bags out of it and putting them in the freezer. \"Thanks, Mo. Hey, while you're here, this is my husband.\" I pulled Dracula over to Nemo and introduced them. (Nemo knew the whole story, so it wasn't exactly a surprise.) After Nemo left, I started to make Mary's breakfast, giving her a cup of warmed hemoglobin and a bowl of Frosted Flakes. A GRRRRREAT breakfast to help your young vampires grow up big and strong. I chuckled at the thought and took a bite of my Special K, watching Dracula try to figure out how to work the microwave. Feeling sorry for him, I took his mug and set the timer for a minute and a half. This was our first breakfast as a real family. Dracula held my hand as he slowly sipped the contents of his cup, Mary shoveled huge spoonfuls of Frosted Flakes into her mouth, and I sipped my coffee while quizzing her on Dracula. She aced it.[Chapter 20] Dr. Acula: And how do you feel today, Onyxx? Onyxx: Not so good, Doc. I think I'm losing it. Dr. Acula: Care to elaborate? Onyxx: Well, I was at a friend's house this weekend. It was really fun, we rented four movies— Mirrors, Gag, Law Abiding Citizen, and Dracula 2000. I also brought Phantom of the Opera with me from home. Dr. Acula: Go on. Onyxx: Well, we watched Phantom the first night. Markie fell asleep, and Makayla and I stayed up to finish it. The next day, I was on the computer working on a report we had to do for school. When I was done with that, I updated my Fanfiction. Well, after that, I didn't know what else to do, so I turned on the TV. For a while, nothing good was on— The Nanny and Suite Life on Deck. Then, Hannah Montana came on … and … and … I didn't change the channel! Dr. Acula: … I'm going to prescribe some reality pills for you, Miss Rayne. I think you've officially lost your marbles. Chapter Twenty: I flipped through the channels on the TV. Nothing good was on at all. Even CHILLER wasn't showing anything remotely scary. Finally, I turned the TV off and tossed the remote on the table, laying on the couch to go to sleep. I didn't hear Dracula approach the couch, but I somehow knew he was there—the static in the air said it all. I smiled. \"Hey, honey,\" I mumbled, opening my eyes to stare into his beautiful green ones. God, I would never, ever, ever get used to the way he looked at me—an equal balance of love, lust, and hunger held my gaze as he smirked, sending a slight shiver down my spine. \"Hello, dear,\" he said softly, bending down to kiss me gently. \"So Mary's at school now?\" \"Mmhm.\" I sighed, closing my eyes again. \"Nemo's at work, Gerry's filming the film adaptation of my novel—\" \"You wrote a novel?\" He seemed surprised. I had forgotten to tell him about my little project. I smiled and walked over to the bookshelf, pulling off the hardcover edition of my non-bestselling Uprising: Bloodhunter book. So far, it had only sold about three hundred copies. However, a certain director (coughJoelSchumacherrockscough) picked up a copy and was currently making it into a movie. Having worked with Gerry before, and following the strict description of the main character, Jonathan Bone, he picked Gerry for the role. (If he hadn't, I probably would have lectured him about it. Bone was supposed to be Scottish and I modeled him after Gerry.) Dracula took the book from my hands and opened it, flipping through the pages and finishing the story in a good ten minutes. He looked at me with the strangest look in his eyes before standing, pushing me toward the computer chair, and pushing me into it, bringing up Microsoft Word and pointing at the screen. \"You're writing a sequel,\" he ordered, giving me the Death Glare. \"Lucius deserves to get his ass kicked.\" I laughed and shook my head. \"You liked it that much?\" He smiled. \"Bone is an excellent character. I like the way you made him pretend to betray Elyse before actually rescuing her from the Council.\" ( To find out what the Higa I'm talking about, PM me. ) I smiled and took his hand. \"You really liked it?\" He gave my hand a gentle squeeze. \"Of course.\" Smiling, I turned back to my computer and started to type a sequel. Since it was cloudy today and Dracula didn't want me to pause my typing for a moment, he picked Mary up from school and went to the grocery store. (One of us still happened to be human.) A line from one of the few Disney movies I actually liked kept repeating itself in my head, from the movie Pacifier (let's face it, I love Vin Diesel almost as much as Gerard Butler): \"He walks like Dracula, with footsteps silent ... like death.\" The line had made me giggle numerous times watching the movie, but the following scenario was not funny. I kept glancing down at the keyboard, thinking about how disappointed my keyboarding teachers would be if they saw me now, and not really caring because I hadn't really typed anything since Bloodhunter. \"Still looking down?\" a voice next to my ear said. I jumped with a shrill squeak, whirling around in the rolling chair to see Cole grinning like an idiot behind me. I smacked his arm. \"You asshole!\" I hissed, turning back to my computer. \"How did you forget how to type?\" Cole asked, leaning over the back of my chair. I swatted at his face with my left hand, naturally missing that perfect nose of his. \"How did you get in here, anyway?\" I asked, not really caring. \"Nemo gave me the keys, told me to check up on you. Where's Mary?\" \"Dr...\" I hesitated, unsure if Nemo had told Cole anything. Probably not. \"Drake went to pick her up.\" I knew he was frowning. \"Who the hell is Drake?\" he asked, sounding rather pissed off. I paused before answering, turning to face him. \"My husband.\" He stared at me with blank shock on his face before stammering. \"You ... what ... when? You're married?\" he shouted, his eyes wide. I nodded, keeping my expression blank. \"And I wasn't invited to the wedding?\" he asked, his big blue eyes betraying his hurt. I bit my lower lip. \"We didn't really have a wedding. You remember when I was gone for about a month? I went to live with him and he surprised me one day by bringing a friend of his friend's, who happened to be a priest, and we got married rather ... unceremoniously. And then a month later, he went off to war.\" I shrugged, telling Cole the story I had been telling for eight years. He sighed, wiping a hand over his face. \"You're ... wow. I didn't see this coming.\" He sighed again, sitting on the couch. \"But I guess I should have figured it out. I mean, damn. You've got a kid with the guy.\" He looked at me, frowning. \"That is his kid, right? Mary's his?\" I nodded enthusiastically. \"Yeah, of course.\" He leaned back against the couch. \"Damn. I guess that news kinda ruined my plan ...\" I must've had a funny look on my face, because he sighed for the millionth time and wouldn't meet my eyes. \"I was going to ask you out to dinner.\" A/N: Dracula has competition... in the form of a typing teacher. XD[Chapter 21] Onyxx: I am soooo terribly sorry that I haven't updated in the last forty years! I deserve to be flogged, or drawn and quartered… or something. Dracula: I think you have a right to update whenever you want. Onyxx: And I think you have the right to remain silent, because your opinion doesn't matter. Dracula: Well, anyway, aren't you going to tell them the important event of last weekend? Onyxx: HOLY BLEEP I FORGOT MY OWN BIRTHDAY. Dracula: So wish her a belated Happy Birthday, people. Or I'll bite you. Omnomnom. Chapter Twenty-One: The rest of the day was kind of awkward with me and Cole. He left before Dracula and Mary came home. I sighed, looking out at the cloudy gray sky as the wind played with my hair. I didn't jump this time when Dracula announced his presence by kissing my shoulder and pulling me into an embrace. I smiled, taking one of his hands in my own. \"Mary's doing her homework,\" he told me, nuzzling my neck. I felt a strange longing as his teeth barely grazed my skin. He sighed, pulling away and standing in front of me, leaning on the railing of my porch. \"What's wrong?\" he asked, seeing my forlorn expression. I tried to smile. \"I'm fine,\" I said, looking into the distance again. \"I just …\" He touched my cheek with his soft hands, then traced the shape of my lips with a finger. \"You just … ?\" I looked into his eyes and kissed him. \"I don't want to be the outcast of my family anymore, Dracula,\" I said between the moments our lips were together. He returned the kiss, wrapping his arms around my waist. \"And you won't have to be,\" he whispered, pulling away to look into my eyes, \"if you're asking to give up your humanity.\" He kissed my neck then, and I felt his sharp fangs prick my skin ever so slightly. I gasped and tangled my hands in his hair, pressing his face into my neck. Dracula ran his tongue over my skin, and I almost smacked him for wasting precious time. I was still human, after all. As I finally built the resolve to thwack him in the back of my head, he bit down into the soft, sensitive flesh over my jugular vein. Hard. It hurt at first, but the pain gradually faded and was replaced by a sort of numb tingling, then that was exchanged for … pleasure, almost. My throat throbbed with an ache that demanded more, and I wanted him to keep drinking, to suck me dry. Dracula pulled away, and I collapsed into his arms, feeling my eyes close with the heaviness of death. He held me close, then picked me up as I felt myself die. And then, all was silent and dark. I moaned as I opened my eyes, my throat burning with unquenchable thirst. I looked around the room, trying to figure out why it was so dark and why my head hurt so bad, and why I felt so weak, when Dracula walked in, holding a blood bag and giving it to me. It was then I remembered that I was now a vampire. I looked at him with shock. If I had ever thought the man was beautiful, I could really see him now. The face I had once imagined godlike surpassed that beauty and went into the realm of who knows what. My eyesight and hearing and sense of smell had been enhanced; I could now see Dracula clearly. Every line and curve of his face was completely new to me. He smiled, seeing my reaction, and sat next to me, watching me bite into the bag with my new fangs. \"You look beautiful even when sickly,\" he said softly, stroking my hair. I smiled, sucking the last bit of blood out of the bag and leaning into him. \"I hope so. Because now a mirror won't do me any good.\" He chuckled and kissed me. I leaned back against the bed, smiling contentedly and stretching my arms. \"What time is it?\" I asked, frowning. \"Noon,\" he said, looking at his watch. I frowned and curled into the pillow. \"Well, goodnight. I'm going to bed.\" \"You mean good day.\" \"Shush.\"[Chapter 22] Onyxx: I'm sad now! Dracula: Why? Onyxx: Because … because … Dracula: SPIT IT OUT, WOMAN! Onyxx: … This story's almost over! Dracula: … Wh … What? No! You can't do this! Why are you doing this? Onyxx: IT HAS TO END. That's all I have to say. Dracula: WHYYYYYYYYYYYYY? Chapter Twenty-Two: I held my hands over my chest with my eyes closed, my hair neatly parted down the middle and wearing my old Morticia Addams Halloween costume. It was my own funeral. The coffin lid was closed. I heard Mary and Dracula sobbing quietly, even in my tiny prison. I had the sensation of being lifted, and then dropped—then I was in the hearse, driving to my grave site. Then I was lifted again, then dropped. More words were said, and more crying was done. Then Nemo sang one of my favorite songs—\"The Mortician's Daughter\" by Black Veil Brides. I open my lungs, dear I sing this song at funerals, no rush These lyrics heard a thousand times … Then I was dropped slowly into my grave. Time passed, then earth started hitting the top of my coffin. Darkness even more profound than hell enveloped me, and I almost couldn't breathe. Hours passed. I sighed, taking my cell phone out of the folds of my dress and dialing Nemo's number. \"Where the hell are you?\" I shouted into the phone after he picked up. \"Jeez, love you too. We're right here. Tryniti's got the shovels and I'm leaning back, supervising.\" I growled and hung up, then pounded on the coffin lid. It didn't seem as heavy, so I waited a bit before pounding again. It opened, and Nemo grinned at me from above. Tryniti was covered in sweat and dirt, and she looked pissed. \"You could have helped,\" she growled at him. Nemo laughed, then took my hand, helping me out. I shook myself off. It was dark out. The moon shone bright and full in the October sky. I looked around, blinking, my eyes not used to the brightness after being in a coffin as deep and black as Hell. Dracula's arms wrapped around my waist as he nuzzled my neck. \"You're a wonderful actress, dear,\" he said, his lips at my ear. I laughed. \"Thank you.\" I turned to face him and pressed my lips to his, wrapping my arms around his neck. Nemo gagged behind me. \"Get a room!\" he shouted. Tryniti laughed. Dracula made a rude gesture and kissed me with more passion than before. Now my parents wouldn't ask me to come over on sunny days (or any days at all). No one mortal except Mo, Tryn, and Gerry's family knew I was even really alive—or something close to it. I was happy. I was with my husband, my daughter, and my best friends. All was well. We booked our flight those years ago I said I loved you as I left you Regrets no longer in my head I promised you, and now I'm home again … Again … Again … I'm home again. Onyxx: Epic cute ending! Dracula: Onyxx, you gotz some DISCLAIMING to do! Onyxx: Oh, yeah, right. I don't own those lyrics (duh). They belong to Andy Six and Black Veil Brides. Dracula: Aaand? Forgetting something? Onyxx: Special thanks to all my readers! This would never have happened without you guys! Celtic Authoress of America, Erik'sPhavoritePhangirl, I-Baby Jane-I, IamthePhantomoftheOpera, JDLuvaSQUEE, and The Mad Musician, and everyone else! (If I left you out, my most sincere apologies.) Dracula: Aaaaaaand? Onyxx: Extra special thanks to Gerard Butler for being the ultra-sexy god you are and for playing in such an awesome Dracula remake. Dracula: AND? Onyxx: … Oh, yeah. Thanks to my best friends and— Dracula: (epic glare) Onyxx: I'm kidding! Thanks to everyone's favorite vampire … EDWARD CULLEN. Dracula: GACK. (falls out of chair gagging) Onyxx: Kidding, kidding … I hate Eddie … Everyone knows that our buddy here is so much cooler than that idiot. Dracula: THANK YOU. Onyxx: Well, that's it, everybody! Dracula: Goodbye! ","Summary":" Onyxx: Surprise, surprise! Dracula: Yes, this is the sequel (somewhat) to the events of the end of "},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"UnKnown Worlds","Author":"The Weaver of Words","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6276520","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I was waking from sleep when I saw a bat on my bed, staring right at me, I jumped and screamed. \"BAT ON MY BED!\" It squeaked looking at me pathetically, it had fangs, which scared me even more, \"VAMPIRE BAT EVEN WORSE!\" My friend came running in. \"Annabel! Its just a little bat, I'll get the cage and we'll put him in there and call animal control\" Animals in our little house was not among the strange events in this building \"WHY WAS IT THERE!\" On rare occasions, vampire bats drank human blood I was hoping that he just flew in through my open window on accident. Chase got the cage from his room and returned to my roomholding the door open and to both of our surprises, the bat went right in my jaw dropped that was way too easy. \"Since he likes you so much, he can stay in your room.\" Chase said laughing. He hung the cage on a hook that was so conveniently placed on the ceiling, the bat turned around in his cage and stared at me, chattering quietly. \"I hate you, so much Chase…\" I called after him, my gaze returned to the bat, his beady eyes looking at me. \"Stop it!\" I folded my arms over my chest and turned away from him. He chattered loudly at my back, I growled. \"WHAT!\" I screamed turning back to him, an almost mad light was in his eyes, Chase came back into my room to see me glaring at the bat and the bat looking at me in return. \"Get ready for work Annabel, its just a bat.\" \"He was yelling at me!\" I told Chase. \"Really, it's a bat, unable to comprehend the human language.\" \"How do you know that, he could be like a bat from some radio active…THING WHAT EVER YOU CALL IT!\" I stomped my foot. \"You are too imaginative for your own good.\" Chase told me. I got my waitress dress, about to change, I threw a sheet over the cage, the bat chattered angrily. \"I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU THINK!\" I hollered at him, he continued to chatter while I changed, I took the sheet off to see him up on the bars, I squealed and jumped back. \"I really don't like you…\" I said, turning off the lamp and walking out to my car. 8 Hours Later I came home, huffing, not knowing if animal control came and got the bat I was about to turn the doorknob, but it was locked, weird, Chase left it unlocked and he didn't trust the animal control with a key to lock the door back when they left… I took out my key and unlocked the door I stepped through the door looking up I screamed, a man was lying on the floor, dead, the disembodied head staring with a frozen fear, but not a splatter of blood anywhere to be seen, tried to call the police, but a hand enveloped mine I screamed as I looked up to the person's face, a handsome man, with an evil smile plastered on his face, the worst part was, he had fangs. \"Y-y-your th- the b-b-bat-\" \"That was in your room this morning, the bat that you demanded to stop staring at you, the one who scared you when you removed the sheet from over the cage, if you're speaking of that one, yes I was.\" He said, evilly calm, I squeaked, trying to scream. He chuckled darkly, his hand pressed to the small of my back, pressing me close to him, he bent down to the level of my neck, I felt those fangs brush my flesh. My lips parted and a scream was unleashed right before he sank his fangs in my neck. He reared back, his eyes wide, \"You're not under my influence?\" He asked, I figured rhetorically. He didn't slack his grip on me, my eyes still wide, my mouth slightly agape. He looked me in the eyes, I felt drawn to him, but I was still in control, if I wanted to scream I could have, he knew that. \"Interesting.\" He said, \"At this point, I'm not sure if she's even human.\" He said, thinking out loud looking away from me, I would have smacked him, but this guy was a freaking vampire, and a powerful one. I stayed froze in his arms. \"Wh-who are you?\" I squeaked quietly, he turned his attention back to me. \"Dracula.\" I all out fainted. 30 minutes Later I awoke, thinking this was all a dream until Dracula spoke up, \" You're awake.\" I screamed and scooted across the bed to lean against the wall. He towered in my room, over my bed and over me, I trembled in fear. I squeezed my eyes shut, terrorized, I felt his hand on my neck turning my head to face him blindly, I squeaked in terror. \"I'm not going to hurt you.\" That's what they all say How was I to trust DRACULA! After he killed animal control. I shivered as the sight of the drained body lying on the floor… I moved farther away from him, he just moved right beside me, what was he doing, did he want to drink my blood or rape me, I had no clue… All I knew was that there was a legendary vampire that wasn't even a legend on the bed beside me, and that I was terrified about it, of him of what may happen, a tear slid down my face one of fear, I don't know how Dracula registered it, but he wiped it away gently, why did he do that, he was muttering quietly, \"Mary was a once in a lifetime thing, no matter how long you live…\" He said, who was Mary? His arm wrapped around my stomach and pulled me closer to him either he was going to kill me or rape me. Lord help me! I cried mentally, Dracula's face was in my mahogany hair, it made me realize that he wasn't going to hurt me, he was just holding me, why, I yelled at him this morning, he just tried to kill me, now…he's showing affection towards me, I shuddered. \"What's wrong, Annabel?\" His voice whispered in my ear, my eyes flew open, his voice saying my name, sounded so right…what was I getting myself into?[Chapter 2] I sighed heavily, his voice saying my name had an odd effect on me, it was like I wanted him to keep calling my name, calling me, yet I didn't reply to him, he still scared me. I was frozen in his arms, terrified that if I made the wrong move, I was done for. \"You can relax, I promise you, I won't harm you.\" He cooed softly with that hypnotic voice, everything was telling me to relax and let him have his way with me, but then, one small voice was telling me to do whatever I needed to get away from him, I listened to that voice, he wasn't about to win, I just had to wait for the right moment. My curtains just HAD to be black out curtains, I despised that need for constant dark, if I had them open, he would still be a bat in his cage, either that or a small bat sized pile of ashes…I smirked at the thought, but I dropped it instantly, how could I think like that? I felt horrible for even coming up with the thought, I felt distressed. \"Where is Chase?\" I squeaked weakly. \"You mean the one who put me in the cage?\" \"You put yourself in the cage.\" I said stronger then before. \"It doesn't matter, he had the intention to put me in a cage, but I haven't seen him since this morning.\" I sighed with relief and relaxed a little bit. Chase was okay. \"Though, I don't know what will happen once he gets home, I may go back to my cage or carry you out through the window to where I'm currently staying.\" My eyes widened, His voice had trailed off evilly, he had a third option in mind and something told me I wouldn't like it. \"Or I could take your friend's life.\" He said, I knew it. \"What do you want from me!\" I tried to break from his grasp around me, but he just held on tighter, his hand came back to my neck, bringing me closer to him. \"Not what, who, and that would be you.\" He said into my ear, I screamed. \"Oh, come now, its not all that bad…\" He told me gently \"The hell it is!\" I spat. He tightened his grip around me. \"Shhh, calm down Annabel, we don't need any cursing.\" His hand traveled up to my face, turning me gently to look him in the face. \"Annabel, I'm home.\" Chase called from the living room, I saw Dracula's green eyes tinge red. \"Now would be a wise time to make your choice, Annabel.\" He hissed quietly, bearing his fangs. I didn't want Chase hurt. I squeezed my eyes closed, \"Fine, I'll go with you.\" I told him, his arms disappeared from around me, I opened my eyes, to see Dracula opening the window, the busted screen was even more torn up, my jaw dropped, he came in here on purpose, had he been intending this? He turned back to me, \"Come now, we need to be off, before he gets in here.\" He held his hand out to me, I slid off the bed and took his hand, he pulled me to him, I braced myself for fangs in my neck, but he just took me in his arms and set me out the window like I was nothing, I walked forward a little. His hand grasped my arm, \"Where are you going?\" He asked threateningly, he turned me around to face him, his pale skin glowed slightly in the light of the full moon, just like mine, it was odd, but I met his eyes, which were still ringed with red, they just looked scarier than in the light of my bedside lamp. I saw Chase's shadow in the hall window, Dracula followed my gaze, he basically threw me under the window and joined me there. Chase passed, Dracula took the advantage to rush me to the end of the property and beyond. \"Oh and just for the record, I wasn't going anywhere.\" I hissed at him. He turned to me, \"Well there's a start, now come on!\" He hissed back, grabbing my arm and leading me through the woods that surrounded my ex-home, it was the denser part of the woods that creeped me out. Of course the scariest thing in the woods was what was leading me to the unknown of his little world. I grumbled to myself, not caring if Dracula could hear me or not, if could let him hear it, he'll know what I think about this situation. We came to a fork in the old hiking path, by now, we were far from the house and I was closer to probably my death, but oh well. \"Stop grumbling, its getting annoying.\" He demanded. \"Well that's not the only thing that's annoying.\" I hissed quietly. He turned on me, I trembled, why hadn't I listened to my mother… Always think about who it is you're talking to before you say it, without doing so, it could very well be the end of you Bell. I had just huffed and brushed it off my shoulders. Dracula spoke. \"Watch your words Annabel.\" He hissed, I kept my mouth shut. Dracula lead me to old mansion type building, he opened the door and pulled me in. \"Now, this is your new home Annabel.\" He said quietly and gently, it was a lot nicer on the inside than outside, pretty wood floors, portraits, a double staircase, I looked around in awe, noticing every window was blacked out, the walls were dark scarlet, Dracula's hand appeared on my shoulder. \"Do you like it?\" He asked with a tone foreign to me, I looked at him, he was curious. \"I do.\" He smiled, \"Good. Now I have a question, do you favor those sparkling what was it..\" I wrinkled my nose, \"They're not even vampires in my opinion.\" I answered his question. \"I mean sparkling in the sunlight, how stupid is that…\" \"Well I'd rather sparkle like glitter than combust.\" I didn't know if he meant that to be funny, but it was slightly humorous in my opinion, he smiled gently, his fangs pointed out slightly, it was kind of a pleasant sight. \"You look tired.\" He said, normally I would have went off on him about stating the obvious, but frankly I didn't want to ruin his gentle aura. He showed me a bed room, dark royal blue with silver, I liked it. He had women's clothes for reasons only he knew why I went to the bathroom to freshen up and change into a night gown why was everything so old fashioned? I didn't care, I came out and crawled into bed and fell asleep. YAYZ! Dracula and Annabel are bonding (sorta)[Chapter 3] Dracula I knocked on the door and I didn't get a reply, she must be asleep, I opened the door quietly, the light hit her face, she groaned, \"Dracula?\" she asked groggily as she opened her eyes cautiously looking up at me, I walked in and knelt at her bedside. \"Yes?\" I asked quietly her deep sapphire blue eyes fluttered as her eyes adjusted to the light pouring in from the hallway. \"Oh, that's right, you're nocturnal… well.\" She said sleepily, it made me smile softly. \"Yes, I am.\" I replied to her, she smiled, now awakening fully. \"Is there something you need?\" She asked quietly. \"No.\" I didn't need something, but I wanted her, badly, and she had no clue about it. She thought she was safe, it made me fear for her. I didn't want to harm her, but everything in me screamed to take her, whether she wanted it or not, but there was one part of me that demanded me to wait, my time will come. I obeyed that part of my mind. \"Dracula?\" She asked quietly. I returned my attention to her, \"Yes?\" She giggled. \"Haven't we already gone through this before?\" Her light brown hair fell in her face, covering her right eyes slightly, I reached out to her face to tuck the strand hairs behind her ear, she recoiled. \"Its alright, I wasn't going to hurt you, just to get the hair out of your face.\" She frowned in self anger. \"Sorry.\" She said quieter than usual. \"I wasn't angry in the first place.\" I told her gently. \"Okay.\" She yawned, I stood and left her, closing the door behind me. Annabel I was asleep, I knew it, I was dreaming, dreaming about Dracula. I was in his arms, we were just standing on a beach dune, watching the sun set, the ocean breeze was blowing, causing the tail of his trench coat wrap around my legs, Dracula was hunched over me slightly, the breeze blew my hair gently, but then I realized something, the sun was rising, not falling. I tried to get Dracula to leave, but he was being stubborn and wouldn't, saying there was plenty of time, but there wasn't the entire sun had peeked innocently above the water, Dracula erupted into flames. I screamed. \"ANNABEL!\" I heard Dracula's voice break through the cloud of my nightmare, my eyes shot open, I looked up at his worried face, I threw my arms around his neck and hugged him tightly, tears falling. Dracula wrapped his arms around me, shushing me, and cooing softly. What, why was I crying, ten hours ago, I would wake up laughing, now I'm crying about this, perhaps I was under his influence. \"No darling, you weren't and you aren't, I'd know, you would have already been a vampire if that was reality.\" He said, I recoiled, but kept myself in his grasp, I felt safe there for some unknown reason, I couldn't love him, impossible, Dracula shook his head, \"Maybe a tiny bit?\" I asked, Dracula smirked. \"You can't be slightly under my control, you are, or you aren't. Just lay down and sleep, alright?\" He asked, raising his eyebrow. I bit my bottom lip and nodded. \"Lay down with me.\" I said simply Dracula looked surprised. \"If you want me to.\" \"I do.\" I told him, he shrugged, and laid down on the bed, with me in his arms, my head resting on his chest, I sighed heavily and fell asleep smiling. Dracula I heard Annabel screaming in her room, I ran to her room and threw open the door, she was writhing and screaming, I was, for the first time in centuries, frightened, not even when I erupted into flames, it wasn't the first time. I thought something was wrong with her, that she could die. I rushed to her bedside and shook her, screaming her name. Her eyes flew open then she bombarded me, hugging me tightly. She was crying. She was thinking about what could have caused a dream that she wasn't imaging the images. Judging from her reaction when she saw me, it had to have something to do with me, I almost wanted to see what she had dreamt. \"No darling you weren't and you aren't, I know, you would have already been a vampire if that was reality.\" I told her gently, she pulled back but stayed in my arms. I shook my head at her wild imagination. \"Maybe a tiny bit?\" I smirked at this, it sounded like she wanted this to happen. \"You can't be slightly under my control you are, or you aren't. Just lay down and sleep alright?\" I asked her. \"Lay down with me.\" She asked simply, I was surprised, \"If you want me to.\" \"I do.\" She demanded. I shrugged and laid back on the bed with Annabel in my arms, she didn't seem to mind, she drifted away to sleep almost instantly, I closed my eyes and smiled. \"Thank you.\" I whispered.[Chapter 4] Annabel I awoke, my eyes fluttering, Dracula was asleep, I looked at the clock, TWELVE O'CLOCK! I got up gently, I was hoping Dracula had intended in abducting me, and prepared for a human, I needed food, I walked out of the room backwards, making sure that Dracula wouldn't wake and accuse me of attempting to run away, I realized he was shirtless, he had thrown his shirt at the foot of the bed, I couldn't help but stare at his well built body, I tore my gaze away when my stomach growled. I explored the house looking for the kitchen, I found it, \"YAYZ!\" I said sorta loud, hopefully Dracula wasn't a light sleeper, or I was screwed, I'd be vampire chow for sure… or so I thought. Dracula hobbled in, rubbing the sleep from his eyes. \"Yayz? What's with the 'z' Annabel?\" I shifted my weight from one foot to the other. \"Umm, its nothing really, just my own little language.\" I blushed slightly, Dracula saw this and smirked as he opened the cabinet and pulled some white bread. \"I only have the stuff to make lunch meat sandwiches, is that fine?\" He asked me, his voice muffled for his head was stuck in the fridge, I giggled, never thinking the all powerful Dracula would have his head stuck in a fridge. \"As long as there isn't bologna, I'm fine.\" I told him. \"Aw, that's all I got.\" My eye grew wide, \"You're kidding right?\" I asked, he emerged, with deli roast beef and ham a playful smirk on his face. \"You wouldn't happen to have any tomatoes would you?\" I asked, glaring at him evilly as he handed the meats to me, I noticed something different about him, his fangs were gone, he turned away from me, \"Umm, Dracula?\" I asked him nervously, he turned back to me a gentle look in his eyes. \"Yes Annabel?\" He asked, quiet. \"Um, if you don't mind me asking, where are your fangs?\" I asked him, he laughed a little. \"They only show when I need them to.\" I felt dumb. \"Oh, okay.\" \"What by the way you said it you sounded like you missed the fangs.\" he said teasingly. THAT was the last thing that I wanted, I shook my head. \"Defiantly not.\" I told him. Dracula went back to the fridge and opened the bottom drawer, he pulled out a tomato, handing it to me with an amused smirk. I smiled sweetly and took it from him, \"Thank you.\" I told him, he turned away from me and walked out the kitchen. I was left to continue my search for the proper things needed for making a sandwich. Slicing the tomato, and placing the dripping red slice on top of the ham I took a few slices of roast beef and placed them neatly on the sandwich, fixing the rest of the sandwich I placed it on a paper plate and sat down on a bar stool to eat. I noticed Dracula standing in the kitchen doorway, he had a shirt on Damn. I thought to myself and instantly blushed, Dracula was smirking evilly, my blush deepened, I pushed the sandwich away and folded my arms on the counter and put my head down. Stupid telepathy. \"Is that right Annabel?\" Dracula's voice whispered in my ear, my face grew hotter. \"Shut you're fanged mouth Dracula.\" I told him, he laughed gently. His fingers danced across the bare flash of my neck, I kept my mind blank, not wanting him to know how much that drove me crazy. His hand came to the front of my neck and pulled my face from my shelter. I glared at him. \"What?\" I asked flatly. He smiled, \"What exactly were you cursing at?\" He asked. \"Do I have to answer that?\" I asked him pathetically. He laughed, \"You know if you don't I'll eventually figure it out…\" He replied. \"I realize this, but I don't wanna say right now…\" I told him, his hand was getting cold and my sandwich was getting lonely, so I pulled away from his touch and returned to my sandwich, I ignored Dracula, he took a seat in the bar stool next to me, watching me eat, I was weirded out by it, but I didn't show it, I basically wore a poker face while I was eating. Dracula looked down, a small lock of black hair fell out of place, he brushed the lock of hair back into place, agitated that it actually happened, I smiled, it was ultimately cute, I sighed and stuck the last bite of sandwich in my mouth, I chewed and swallowed. I got up and threw the plate in the trash can. I went to the bathroom and brushed my teeth with the tooth brush and paste so conviently placed in the bathroom for my use. I rinsed the tooth brush and placed I in the holder, turning it around, I came face to face with Dracula, I accidentally squealed. I side stepped from him and out the door, he grabbed my arm. \"Just look at me Annabel.\" He told me, I turned around, he pulled me closer to him, he was looking me in the eyes, searching for something and before I knew it, his lips were upon mine. I was froze, Dracula was kissing me, I had no clue in how to react to this. Kiss him back, its clear what he feels, what about you Annabel. My family had always told me that someone would feel attracted to me, and they would surprise me eventually, but they never meant something along the line of this. My reproductive instincts kept telling me to give in, but my common sense said that this guy was a love sick psycho and you need to get away, but my instincts overpowered and won, I kissed Dracula back. His tongue brushed against my lips, I parted my lips to allow him access, he slid his tongue into my mouth and explored freely, we intertwined tongues, he was cold, but still, I liked it. Dracula's hand slid up my arm slowly, giving me goose bumps, he pulled me closer to him, he was shaking. He pushed me against the sink, his free hand found a place on my side, while his left hand had entangled itself in my hair, I moaned in the back of my throat. Dracula withdrew, looking me in the face, a look of utter surprise on both our faces. Dracula released my arm and walked away, I followed him. \"Stay away Annabel.\" He said, looking over his shoulder, the eye that was visible, wasn't tinged red, his entire iris was red. I backed away from him, turned and ran, but I was too late, he knocked me down, I closed my eyes when my head smacked into the floor, I opened them to see Dracula, his fangs glistening, his eyes striking fear into my heart. He bent down and put his mouth to my neck. I want to thank Oynxx Rayne, she's the reason why I have fallen in love with Dracula 2000. THANKS OYNXX![Chapter 5] Okay, Dracula left New Orleans and went North. He's a Yankee now, just kidding he just lives up north, like in Maryland or some place His fangs grazed my neck, I shivered, and tried to get up, but Dracula's weight kept me down. \"DRACULA, PLEASE!\" I screamed, he withdrew, but he wasn't stopping, he kissed my throat, his hand was on my side, switched to my hand, he brought my hand to his lips, kissing it gently, making sure his fangs graze my skin, I screamed, he laid a finger on my lips. \"Shh, Bell, we don't want you ruining your voice.\" He said evilly. \"Dracula, please, I know you have some self contro-\" \"SELF CONTROL ANNABEL, I'VE BEEN CONTROLING MYSELF SINCE I FIRST SAW YOU!\" Dracula bellowed, I trembled under him, looking him in the eyes, blood red, I whimpered, terrified. \"Its so much better being a vampire, my love.\" Dracula smirked evilly, he released my hand, he returned to my neck, kissing it softly while he chuckled darkly. I anticipated the moment in which he would bite me, it finally came, he pulled back slightly, giving me an evil smile, one I returned with a pleading look. \"I realized something today, the moment our lips met, I fell in love with you.\" I told him, looking in his eyes, that red tinge faded away, leaving his pretty green eyes. \"Annabel.\" He breathed quietly. I smiled weakly with relief. \"Yes, Dracula?\" I whispered. \"I'm sorry, this was my fault entirely. I had to of scared you out of your mind.\" he said, guilt soaked his voice. He sat up, helping me as well, this was probably a stupid move, I moved closer to Dracula, his eyes widened he looked like he wanted to move away, but he didn't, he just turned his gaze away from me, I pulled his face towards me. \"Are you trying to get killed, Annabel?\" He asked quietly. \"I have faith you can control.\" I said, kissing him, he almost kissed back, but instead, he pulled away from me, I wanted more, being terrified, strangely it attracted me to him even more, I wanted him, badly. I looked at him, I could tell he was beating himself mentally just by the look on his face, I wouldn't be surprised if he started banging his head against the wall, that's right, it was that bad… He got up. \"Are you safe to follow?\" I asked. \"Yes, but I want to be alone for a while.\" He told me, looking down on me, a gentle look in his eyes, his mouth was slightly agape, his eyes were almost halfway closed, his shoulders slack, He offered me his hand, I took it and he helped me up. \"Dracula?\" I asked him. \"Yes Annabel.\" I wanted to go outside really bad. \"Could I go and sit outside for a while?\" I asked him, looking down, preparing for impact. Dracula tucked two fingers under my chin and pulled my face up to look at him, \"Of course you can I trust you enough, but get a jacket, its cold outside.\" I looked confused, Dracula took my hand and took me to my room, he opened the wardrobe and gave me a jacket. I took a pair of jeans and a black v-neck sweater went in the bathroom and changed. I walked out and Dracula was sitting on the bed, he looked up at me, I put on the jacket and Dracula stood and took me to a door stepped aside. \"There you go, I trust this is not an escape plan.\" He said, walking away I opened the door and the sunlight poured in and hit my face, it a chilled ray of sunlight, the light glistened off the snow and made everything brighter, I closed stepped out and sighed heavily. Dracula I turned around as she opened the door, the bright light hit her face, illuminating her face, I wanted desperately to go out with her, I hated not being able to be there with her. I yawned, I went to the living room and laid down on the couch. I drifted off to sleep. Annabel Maybe you can convince him to come out with you tonight. I thought to myself. I walked on, listening to the snow crunch under my feet I decided to be childish and make a snowman I made a snowball and started to roll it around. I had a good sized base and I started the middle section. I heard a snapping in the woods, I stood up looking in the woods, but my vision couldn't get past the tree line, I was froze to the spot but a little fawn came stumbling out into the yard, my eyes grew wide as it stumbled towards me, I held out my hand to the little creature cooing softly, it reached my hand and sniffed my cautiously. It looked up at me with big brown eyes, \"Okay, just say here and I'll be back.\" I said, turning and walking back to the house stomping my feet at the door. I went inside and went in the fridge, I grabbed four carrots, three for the little deer and one for my snowman's nose. \"What are you doing?\" I heard Dracula ask. \"Oh, um, there's this little deer outside and it's hungry, something tells me its mother was killed, and I'm making a snowman, so I needed some carrots.\" I told him, he looked at me, a flat expression on his face. \"You don't believe me?\" I asked. He shook his head, my jaw dropped, \"Fawns don't usually come to people if they are alone.\" \"Oh and they would come to something inhuman ?\" I asked, mad at him. \"Yes\" I stomped my foot and groaned, I went to the door and opened it, gesturing to the little deer in the yard, sniffing my snowman base, Dracula looked, \"Well that's surprising.\" he said. \"And how do you know that animals come to things that aren't human?\" I asked him. \"Self experience.\" He huffed. \"Fine, I'll just go feed my deer friend and leave you in here.\" I told him. \"Well I don't want to burst into flames, so, I wouldn't want it any other way.\" I stuck my tongue out at him, I felt a nudge on my leg. \"Your deer friend is about to come in.\" Dracula told me, I looked down at him, I knelt down and gave him a carrot, he took it eagerly, Dracula neared me and the fawn, he knelt beside me, reaching his hand out to the fawn, it took the moment to see if Dracula was safe or not, it head butted Dracula's palm, I giggled a little as the little fawn returned his attention to my carrots. \"What does head butting mean?\" I asked Dracula. He smiled, \" I honestly don't know.\" But he dared to pet the little guy's neck gently, the deer didn't mind, I smiled, I never thought Dracula would pet a deer, but there he was beside me, petting the deer. \"Its so innocent.\" I said. \"No its not, its stealing my carrots.\" Dracula said with humor in his voice \"You don't eat, or do you?\" I asked him with a playing attitude \"No I don't.\" He said laughing slightly. I smiled and gave the deer another carrot. I felt Dracula wrap an arm around me and pull me closer to him, I didn't mind, he kissed the side of my head. I forgot about my snowman and fed the little deer the last carrot. I took off my jacket and hung it on the coat racket, I knelt to unlace my boots, Dracula rested his hand on my back. I finished unlacing my boots and took them off. Although I was on the floor I sprawled out on the floor. \"What are you doing?\" Dracula asked me. \"Chillin'\" I replied. \"What?\" \"Relaxing.\" I told him laughing. \"On the floor.\" He asked, raising an eyebrow. \"Yep.\" I said simply, Dracula picked me up off the ground. \"You're quite a different person Annabel.\" He said, smirking, I wrapped m arms around his neck. \"Well I figure if I'm not individual and just like everyone else, then who am I?\" I told him as he took me to some place unknown. \"I've never thought of it that way.\" He told me. 'You're telling me, you've been around for however long you've never thought about individuality?\" I asked him in disbelief. \"Well over the years, I've been killed several times, in a coffin for a few centuries, and now here I am, I've been dead a lot…\" He told me. I smiled, Dracula set me down on a leather coach in a parlor room. He sat down beside me, I stretched out, groaning as I did so, when I was finished, Dracula wrapped his arms around me and brought me closer to him. I smiled, snuggling into his cold body, he rubbed my back lovingly, he laid back with me in his arms. \"Who were you, before you became a vampire, Dracula?\" I asked quietly. He stiffened. \"That's a sensitive topic Annabel, I'd rather not talk about it.\" He said gently, I came up and kissed him gently on the lips, about to retreat, I was held where I was, only centimeters from Dracula's face, I looked to his eyes, they were emerald. \"Come to think about it, I have faith in myself as well.\" He said gently.[Chapter 6] I was sitting at a table, playing solitaire with a deck of cards I found in the parlor, Dracula was sleeping on the couch, I looked at him occasionally, he was cute when he was asleep. He was damn hot when he was awake, I didn't know how he did it, I guess sleeping was an innocent activity… if it was an activity. I thought about it for a while, I placed a black to with a red three. I heard Dracula groan, I sat up straight and looked at him, he was waking up, I turned my attention to the grandfather clock, the symbol was a moon, that made sense, I returned my attention to solitaire. He woke up, \"What are you doing?\" He asked sweetly. \"Playing solitaire, the game for the sad and lonely…\" I said, holding back my laughter, looking up at him, he was smiling, \"Why don't we go outside, I don't like being cooped up…\" I said, he frowned. \"I need to go hunting Annabel.\" He said quietly. \"Right…\" My voice trailed off. Damnit, you're gunna make him feel bad, stop it! My conscience yelled at me mentally. \"I won't take too long, then I'll take you out.\" He said. I perked up. \"Okay.\" He got up and went to the door, \"Have fun.\" I called after him. \"I will\" He called back. \"Okay.\" I said a little quieter. But Dracula was already gone. I sighed and returned to my game of solitaire. 30 minutes Later I had put the cards away and took to napping, I wanted to stay up with Dracula most of the night. I heard the door open, I sat up and peeked above the back of the couch, Dracula wiping blood from his lips, why hadn't he already done that, to scare the hell out of me? I got up and went over to him, his back was turned I laid my hands on his shoulders, he looked at me, smiling gently, I smiled back, he turned around, laying a hand on my cheek, being me closer to him, he kissed me, only our third kiss, yes I was counting, it was a simple, sweet, gentle kiss, he pulled back, turning around and grabbed my coat handing it to me. \"I said I would take you out.\" he said. I smiled taking the jacket and putting on my snow boots. Dracula waited and helped me up, he opened the door and escorted me out, he offered me his arm and I took it, he took me to a garden. I gazed at the dead rose bushes, but on e caught my eye, there was a blotch of scarlet, \"Umm, Dracula, what's that?\" I pointed towards the blotch, he looked at was I was indicating to, he left me there and investigated it. \"Annabel, come here.\" He called me. I came to him, my jaw dropped, it was a rose in full bloom, in the middle of winter, \"Wow, that's amazing!\" I was utterly surprised, Dracula looked up, a sneer on his face. I looked curiously at. \"Indeed it is.\" He said quietly, snow began to fall, I returned my gaze to the rose, reached out and brushed the petals lightly, they were frozen, it was a wonder it kept its color. I turned to Dracula but he wasn't there, I turned around looking for him, he was a dark speck on the hill on the other side of the rather large garden, I tilted my head in wonder, the wind blew whipping around his trench coat I walked slowly towards him, he turned to me as I approached him. He held out his arm to me I drew closer to him and he wrapped his arm around me, bringing me closer to him he wrapped his other arm around me, he was hunched over me slightly, the tails of his trench coat wrapped around the calves of my legs, I looked up at Dracula, he was gazing across the white landscape, snow was in his black hair, I was mesmerized by him. I looked around sighing, thinking back to my dream, I checked the horizon, and twisted my neck to look up over Dracula's shoulder, checking to see if there was any pink breaking through the clouds. \"What are you doing?\" Dracula asked. \"Nothing, just analyzing my surroundings…\" I told him. I was sure that Dracula wouldn't burst into flames like he did in my dream, but I was still scared for some reason. Maybe its because his kind naturally feed off of humans, and that you know he could snap. No, not Dracula, what happened was a once in a life time thing How can you be so sure? My conscience said, I gasped quietly Dracula Annabel was arguing with her conscience, she trusted me, too much. I could snap and destroy her completely, but she didn't believe it. I was frightened for her. Annabel Dracula stiffened, I looked up at him, the look in his eyes was far off and misty his lips were moving, I could here his words, but not exactly make them out, I looked away from him, I slid from his grasp, \"What are you doing?\" He asked, I knelt down and made a snowball, \"Hey Dracula, what's that?\" I asked him, pointing at nothing behind him, when he turned around to see what I was pointing at, \"I don't kn-\" I threw the snow ball at him, it hit him in the back of the head, he turned ruptly, I checked his eyes quickly, still emerald, I knew he knew what was going on, just a simple snow ball fight. \"Is that right Annabel?\" He said. \"Now that did not make any sense, I didn't say anything.\" I replied \"Oh, I know, it gives me the chance to do this.\" Dracula tackled me to the ground, I laughed as he rubbed snow in my face. He stood up, I took the chance to throw a handful of snow at him, standing up, I ran. Dracula caught me and we fell to the ground him on the ground this time. I laughed, Dracula joined me. Sadly I started to shiver. Dracula took me inside, I went to my room and took my night gown, took a warm bath and went to bed.[Chapter 7] Dracula I watched her sleeping form through the curtains that surrounded the bed, her body relaxed, last night, before I had laid down with her, I saw she was tense and restless, she woke every now and then and it wasn't until I was sure that she would stay asleep that I left and even then I was wrong. I recalled her haunting scream of terror. She'd been dreaming about me, I couldn't see it but her reaction, said it all. I tore my attention from my thoughts back to Annabel. She couldn't be a vampire, you saw her in the sun earlier, it would destroy her, she's a delicate creature of the day, not of the night. Depriving her- Yes I realize this! Its not easy to ignore her need of light. And it destroys a small bit of me everytime I realize that I am depriving her of the light in this house. Then why not let her go? My irritable conscience voiced gently and mockingly Because I love her. Something like Annabel is the rarest of treasures I have ever laid eyes on. There is only one like her in the world, and the only one in time as well. Everyone of them who was like her at first eventually ended up betraying me. But Annabel she wouldn't even if she wasn't deprived of the access to the public. Which she is deprived of, and how are you do sure, don't you remember, the day she walked into her home and nearly called the police if you hadn't stopped her, she's not under your control Dracula, she's her own person. I growled deeply, turning and leaving her room, to go into mine across the house, a black room with a coffin, I hated it, but the coffin and the couch were the two things that I found comfortable, and when I wanted to be alone now, this is where I would go. I looked around angrily and just paced. \"Dracula?\" I turned on Annabel violently, she shrank back away from me, fear in her eyes, I was sneering and my eyes had grown red, I dropped the sneer and took a moment to calm down, I laid my hands on her arms. \"Yes Annabel?\" I asked quietly. \"Is everything alright?\" She asked. \"Why wou-\" I started to ask, but Annabel interrupted. \"You slammed the bedroom door when you left, it woke me up.\" She said gently. I turned away from her. \"I was just thinking Annabel, and it angered me slightly, I'm sorry.\" I said looking at her, she had bags under her eyes, easily noticed with her pale skin. \"You should go back to bed.\" I told her gently. She smiled and left. \"I must learn to control my actions.\" I said quietly to myself. I sat down in the armchair, closing my eyes, I sighed deeply. Annabel I woke up there was a note on the pillow beside me, I picked it up and read it I have came to the conclusion that keeping you with me could and will destroy you, we are two creatures of very different species, Annabel, I'm doing this because I love you. I instantly knew what he meant, he was going to destroy himself, I looked up. \"Dracula.\" I hurried to get dressed, I remembered going by a meadow coming here, maybe that was where Dracula was going to destroy himself, or just in the yard. I ran out the door, not grabbing a jacket, just throwing on my snow boots, I ran out to the yard, not seeing a sign of ash anywhere, it was still slightly dark, not enough light to kill Dracula. I entered the meadow as the sun began to rise innocently, Dracula stood, facing the east. I ran across the meadow, thankfully catching Dracula off guard and was able to pull him behind a tree before the rays of the sun hit him. \"What are you DOING!\" I yelled at him, his face was stone. \"Letting you go.\" He said calmly. \"Ever thought I didn't want to be let go, Dracula!\" I asked furiously, he looked at my sincerely. \"You know deep inside you want to be free of me, I am a danger to your existence, and any sane human would want to be free of such things.\" \"Well, maybe I'm not sane, maybe I'm a raving lunatic because the PERSON I LOVED COMMITED SUICIDE THINKING IT WAS BETTER FOR ME!\" I screamed, throwing my hands in the air. Dracula didn't reply, he just started to walk away into the cursed sunlight, I grabbed his arm. \"Dracula, hear me out, please?\" I didn't wait for him to answer me. \"Do you remember the rose in the garden? Its not even supposed to be alive, but there it was in the middle of winter, in full bloom and perfect health. The way I see it, the rose signifies me, and the winter signifies you, me being with you unharmed by your side, as long as I live, even if its unnatural how long I'm alive, it was a sign Dracula, for you to call off your search and look directly in front of you, all you needed was there. Can't you see that?\" I asked him desperately. He turned to look at me, his face showed realization. \"How could I not have seen it, Annabel, I was blind, and I'm sorry, I'll never put my life in danger like that again as long as you live.\" He caressed my face and brought me to him, kissing me passionately. Our fourth kiss, the most important to me. He pulled back. \"Now I need you to do me a favor, I need you to go back to the house and go to my room, there is a cloak on the chair it has a hood, I need that one.\" He asked me. \"I'll be right back.\" Thank GOD! I finally got this chapter done, I went back and forth with ideas a here it is! Hope you enjoyed it![Chapter 8] Annabel I ran back to the house, happy I stopped Dracula from destroying himself, opening the door, I went to Dracula's room and grabbed the indicated cloak, I double checked and found there was a large hood, I smiled and left the house, I was walking on air. I skipped back to the meadow, well, not really, there was snow, I more or less trudged with joy. I reached the meadow and met Dracula at the first tree right as you enter the meadow, light scorches dotted his face. \"What the Hell? And I was thinking you were somewhat smart.\" I mumbled to myself, throwing the cloak around him and put the hood up. He growled, taking my hand and biting it gently, fangless. \"I can take care of myself Annabel.\" I laughed a little. \"Okay, if you say so.\" His mouth was visible and I saw his mouth curl into a smile. \"Lets just go home, Dracula.\" I begged, his smirk grew in the shadow of his cloak. He lead us home. Dracula How could I have done that to her, I was so harsh and selfish, I can't believe she saw something that I that I refused to believe, that I was finally getting what I had longed for so long, searched for in so many women, I'd gone through so many brides, for centuries I had searched, and the one time I had everything I'd wanted for so many years, I'd nearly thrown it all away. Annabel was a sweet loving person towards me, and I had thought it was all to escape from me, she returned to me merrily. \"What the hell?\" She cried out, she continued mumbling to herself as she threw the cloak over me and put the hood up. I growled, I took her hand and bit it gently. \"I can take care of myself.\" She laughed slightly. \"Okay, if you say so.\" She said gently, I lowed my hand, not letting go of her's and entwined our finger and lead us home. When we got inside, Annabel sat on the ground, untying her boots, shivering, she'd rushed to stop me not even bothering to get a coat, she could have gotten sick, she could have died, and she didn't care at all, she was just glad I was alive and with her, I noticed her body racking with shivers. I left her and got a blanket, when I returned, she sprawled out on the sofa, I laid the blanket over her. \"You woke up earlier than I had hoped, you need to go back to sleep.\" I told her gently, she only nodded and fell asleep quickly, I smiled at her peaceful form, I went and sat in the armchair and watched her, sometimes I missed being human, sleeping during the night with my loved one, well at the time, I had no love, but I could walk in the sunlight, feeling the bliss of the warm sunlight on my face. At times, a few years ago, I would sit in the woods, that was where I first met Annabel. Flashback I sat on a stump in the thicker part of the forest, when I heard a snapping, \"OUCH, STUPID BRANCH!\" I heard a young teenage girl yell, I heard others laughing, \"Good going Annabel.\" The bushes in which the young voices were coming from rustled and shook, they were coming this way, I got up from the stump and hid behind a rather large tree. My hand burned, I hissed in pain and saw I was standing near an isolated ray of light, my hand had been in the light, I noticed the rustling had stopped. \" What was that, did you hear it?\" The first voice said with worry. \" Calm down, its probably nothing.\" Said a teenage boy's voice. \" Chase, you're the guy you go a head.\" Said the first voice. \" What scared?\" He taunted. \" Yes, I am! I am a young thirteen year old girl I do NOT want to get mauled by a bear, that's your job.\" I laughed quietly at the girl's attitude and honesty. Rustling followed and then stopped. \" Alright, come on Annabel, its fine there is nothing here.\" I quickly climbed the tree to stay hidden, but the branch I had a foot on broke and fell to the ground with a thud, I was hanging in the air for a moment, I found another branch and set my foot there, hoisting myself up onto a thick branch. \" I know you heard that, it was impossible not to hear.\" Annabel said as her other friends emerged from the bushes. I saw the girl come around and kick at the branch that had fallen, she had light brown hair. She's about to look up. \" Let's just hope that doesn't happen.\" She looked up and screamed, I readied myself to jump down, but she turned around and started yelling at her friend, Chase. \" MY GOD, AND CAN'T BELIEVE YOU DID THAT YOU TWIT! THAT IS THE WORST THING YOU CAN DO!\" I growled at the mention of God, all five of the children stiffened. \" I know you heard that, that was a growl.\" Annabel whispered. Chase unfroze, \"Okay, whatever it is, is obviously gone, it would have attacked us by now.\" One of the other boys said. \" Maybe it was that vampire from the news.\" He said, I stiffened. \" Oh no.\" I whispered to myself. Annabel snorted and crossed her arms over her chest. \" HA, very funny Tommy, I doubt it, it was a simple homicide, the murder drained the body of the blood and then took a syringe and put two holes in the victim's neck, I've seen it on Dr. G, its happened before…\" I breathed a quiet sigh of relief. \" Oh my gosh, I can't believe the person who believe in vampires said that!\" Said one of the other girls, her eyes wide. \" I DO NOT believe in vampires, I just think they're awesome mythical creatures.\" \" You seriously need to get out more.\" Said Tommy. \" And what, become an uneducated moron like you?\" Annabel asked feisty. \" Oh, she burned you Tom!\" Chase said loudly. Annabel, looked up the tree, her sapphire eyes widened, I placed a finger on my lips, to silence her. Thankfully it worked, she moved away from the tree, \"Come on guys, lets just get to the creek, I'm tired of being hot.\" She complained, as though she'd never seen me. They all agreed and moved on, I jumped down from the tree when I was sure they'd left. I went down the trail they went, tracking them, I wanted to see her more. She seemed smart for her age, and mature. I came to a creek, hiding behind a tree, the boys kicked off their shoes and jumped right in as the girls went off, they returned, some in bikinis others in one piece bathing suits, Annabel had on a tankini she eased herself in, squealing at the chill of the water. \" That feels good.\" I heard her say. \" Yeah it does, I am so glad that you're so smart and my friend Annabel.\" One of the other girls said \" Yeah whatever Tammy, you just like being my friend so you can cheat off me in school.\" She said laughing, she was beautiful. \" I'm not gunna argue with you, but that was why I first became your friend, then everything just fell into place.\" Tammy said, looking at Tammy I noticed that her and another boy looked alike. \"Twins, most likely\" I thought to myself, Annabel went away from the group allowing the gentle current push her down stream, I threw a rock to the other side of the creek without the others noticing, they turned their attention to the splash it made, I bolted across the open area and into the thick trees following Annabel when I found her, she was on the bank cowering, there was a snake watching her ready to strike, a water moccasin, I jumped down into the water and grabbed it by the tail, it turned and bit my hand, I hissed in pain, grabbing its head, I crushed its skull. \" You're not bleeding, or dying, what are you?\" I looked her in the eye, \"You never saw me, you weren't about to get attacked by a snake and I never saved you.\" I turned around and trudged through the water going back into the woods, disappearing from her sight.[Chapter 9] Annabel I woke up slowly, Dracula was sitting in the chair, his form fuzzy looking, I smiled at him as my vision sharpened, he got up and knelt in front of me tucking a strand hair behind my ear. He returned my smile gently, \"Are you well rested?\" He asked. I nodded, he smiled wider, it made me happy, he caressed my cheek gently. I got up off the couch and felt a lurching in my stomach, I sat back down, \"Whoa, that doesn't feel good.\" Dracula looked at me worried, \"What is it?\" He asked, sitting down beside me. \"I guess its nothing, I'm just feeling a little nauseated, I'll be fine, will you get me a glass of ice water, it helps.\" I said, looking at him, he nodded quickly got up and disappeared into the kitchen, I heard ice falling into a glass and then the water running and filling up a glass. Dracula reappeared with the glass, handing it to me lovingly. \"Thank you.\" I said taking the glass from him, our hands touching. I brought the glass to my lips and sipped the water shyly, calming my stomach. \"You don't have a fever do you?\" He asked, placing his cool hand on my forehead and cheeks, looked at him. \"No, that's odd.\" He muttered, \"Maybe its me.\" He said. \"How could be you?\" I asked confused. \"I'm not too sensitive to heat, nor am I to cold but still, I'll go get a thermometer.\" He said, walking away returning after a few minutes with a thermometer. He pressed it to my forehead and pressed a button it was silent for a few seconds then beeped. Dracula looked at it with a distressed look on his face \"Well am I sick?\" I asked, looking at Dracula. \"No you're not sick, maybe its because you haven't eaten today, come on, I'll make you something.\" He took my arm and pulled me up gently. \"You can cook?\" I asked. \"I've had only 2000 years of experience.\" He said sarcastically, I smiled gently and allowed Dracula to pull me to the kitchen and sit me at the island, he fussed with this and that... \"So you've been alive since biblical times?\" I asked, curious, I saw Dracula stiffen. But then he relaxed, \"Yes, Annabel I was, but technically speaking I'm not alive, I'm a vampire.\" Sometimes I really forgot that factor, he was just so gentle and beautiful, I've always imagined vampires with rows if bloodied fangs, blood dripping from there lips. Wild untamed hair, red eyes, Dracula had slightly messy hair, regular teeth, most of the time, and emerald eyes, again, most of the time. Dracula was a neat vampire, despite that one time when he came home there was blood streaming down his chin. \"Where were you when the Renaissance was happening?\" I asked. \"I was generally in places where there was a large mass of people, so no one would notice a few people lying dead on the street. So Italy or other places like that.\" He said. \"So you've been all over the world?\" \"Yes, I have. I liked Asia very much, it was peaceful when I was there, but it was where I was mostly hungry, they notice EVERYTHING in Asia.\" He said. \"I had to feed on animals.\" He shuddered. I smirked, \"Aww, poor Dracula.\" I said sarcastically. \"It was awful, ever wondered why vampires feed on humans and NOT animals, its because animals taste horrible, have you ever had a bar of soap in your mouth?\" I shuddered. \"Yes.\" \"Its several thousand times worse than that.\" He told me. \"That's impossible.\" \"Well you've never drank animal blood.\" He said. \"Obviously.\" I replied. \"Point taken.\" He said, laughing. \"I can't believe we're having this conversation.\" I said. Dracula laughed, I joined him. Dracula walked to a cupboard and pulled out a few spices. \"Where else have you been?\" I asked. \"I've been to so many places I can't even tell you.\" He said simply. Then another good question came to mind. \"How come every time I mention something about that's related to religion, you stiffen up?\" He didn't reply at first, \"Dracula?\" I asked quietly, I heard a loud sizzle and Dracula jumped back, crying out in pain, clutching his hand. \"Dracula!\" I jumped off the stool and to his aide. \"Are you okay?\" He looked at me. \"I'll be fine, I just burned my hand a little.\" I took his hand and studied it. A little, what is his a lot, his skin burned off and bone is showing through! The base of his thumb and part of his wrist was bubbling. I snorted and pulled him to the sink, running cold water over his hand, he hissed in pain at first but then the chilled water soothed the burn. \"This is my fault, I'm sorry, Dracula.\" I told him. \"No, no, its okay, I was the one who let my mind wonder and my guard down.\" He replied. I wasn't going to argue with him about it. \"I'm still going to tell you, you need to know.\" He told me, turning off the water with his good hand. He guided me to the kitchen table and sat me down, along with himself. He sighed. \"My name is Judas Iscariot, if you're religious and you are Christian, you'll know why, I don't like talking about it.\" He said looking down, I nearly fell over, this was Judas, the disciple that sold Jesus out, what should I do, should I shun Dracula, or keep loving him, before I knew who he was, this was now an internal war.[Chapter 10] Dracula I knew it was a stupid mistake, I knew she would leave, and I would let her go, because it was the right thing to do, she didn't get up and leave, she didn't give me an answer, she froze, I bit my bottom lip, laying my head on the table, fisting my hair violently, it hurt, both my hand and scalp. Annabel I looked at Dracula, thinking him as Judas was to much a change for me to comprehend. He slammed his head down on the table and tugged at his dark hair violently. He was physically beating himself up about this, I didn't want him to hurt himself. I stood from my seat quietly, I heard him whimper. Dracula This was it, she was leaving me, like every other woman, leaving me to toil in my own hell. Her soft hands laid on mine, her voice next to my ear. \"Please don't hurt yourself.\" Her sweet voice, I stood up looking at her, her eyes wide with awareness, I placed my hands on her face, looking into her glistening eyes with disbelief painted on my face. Just to prove it to me, she stood on her toes and kissed me. I was froze. Annabel He froze where he was the moment our lips met, I wasn't leaving Dracula, how could I? It would be a heartless act, to leave him for a mistake he made centuries ago. I wasn't cruel like that, I never mentioned it to him, but I still remember the day he saved me from the snake, without him, I wouldn't be here today. I loved him, and I wasn't going to destroy him mentally or physically, I retreated. \"Annabel.\" He said breathlessly. \"Yes Dracula?\" I said, inclining my eyebrow. He said nothing, but he took me in a hug, it was relieved, I wrapped my arms around him tenderly, chilled water hit my shoulder, Dracula was crying. I never thought it to be possible, well a lot of things were proved possible in a few days. He pulled back, a tear running down his cheek. I reached up and wiped it away gently. \"Thank you, so much Annabel, you have no clue what you just relieved me of.\" He said gratefully. \"What were you making, maybe I could finish it.\" I said. He shook his head, \"No, I'll be able to finish it, I can use my right hand as well as I can my left hand. I've had years to practice that.\" He said with a smirk, it was as though the whole ordeal hadn't happened. I watched him go back to the stove and work with his right hand. He finished and served me a chicken dish I couldn't pronounce it was Italian, I think, but it was excellent. Dracula just sat and watched me eat , smiling at my approving look. I went to brush my teeth, when I heard a crash, like the door being forced open. I dropped my tooth brush and ran out of the bathroom, I saw a blond man and a dark haired woman, Dracula was froze where he stood, shards of glass at his feet, I was behind the two strangers I noticed the man had an odd gun, Dracula was pleading with his eyes to stay quiet. \"Simon, Mary.\" He said simply. \"Silence!\" The man, Simon yelled at Dracula. \"We don't know how it happened, or when, but we're destroying you and you are going back to that coffin.\" The woman said with an accent, I nearly squeaked in protest. Dracula motioned so only I would noticed to stay quiet. \"What, no brides?\" The man asked, Dracula shook his head. \"I haven't killed a soul.\" Dracula replied \"What about the woman that went missing?\" The woman, Mary, Dracula had called her. \"Not even her.\" He said calmly, \"It's a wonder you haven't found me before now. I've been here since the October of 2001.\" I backed away from the scene, but I tripped on the rug and fell with an \"Oof\" They turned, Simon shot at me but Dracula was beside him the moment he pulled the trigger able to push Simon's aim out from its deadlock, a silver stake lodged in the wall. \"She's not vampire!\" He hissed, \"She's been standing behind you two for the whole conversation, I admit, I'm the reason she went missing, but I would never dare destroy her innocents by making her a vampire!\" Dracula called, I just noticed Mary pulling a silver dagger, I launched myself at her, grabbing her wrist the blade was only inches from Dracula's neck, she would have decapitated him, looking in her eyes \"No, please.\" I begged. The vicious light in her eyes died away, she relaxed, I released her hand, she lowered the weapon. \"Mary, what are you doing, she is clearly under his control!\" Simon yelled. \"No, she's not, there was a glaze over the other's eyes, that glaze wasn't there.\" Mary said. \"There was no news of anyone being found, drained of blood. There is no longer any reason to keep Dracula contained, we should go, Simon, now.\" She said, Simon reluctantly lowered the gun. They left. \"One move, Dracula, one body, found drained of blood I will come back, and destroy you.\" He said, glaring at us. Mary shot me a warning look. I nodded. They left. \"Well that's one more thing to fix around here…\" I laughed at his smart remark. \"Dracula, if you're not feeding off humans-\" \"I am, the bodies where burned and those who they belonged those never existed.\" I was confused. \"What?\" I asked. \"They weren't anybody that someone would miss.\" He said. I smiled, \"You sly dog.\" I said, Dracula smiled and bent, kissing me longingly, his hand moved to my side. He backed me against the wall, I moaned in the back of my throat. \"If we're going to do this, why not on a bed?\" I asked, breaking away momentarily. He smiled, he took me in his arms and took me to my bedroom.[Chapter 11] We were sitting on the couch the next day, I was reading a book and Dracula was rubbing my leg affectionately, I was in the middle of the heroine's conversation with her favorite character, she was a simple authoress dragged into a world she created, to save the day and be loved by her characters, yet she was getting attached, her would was so much better than the real world (A/N: This is an actual piece by me, I lost the not book and cried about it…) her characters were everything she sought for in her real world she was praised and appreciated by them, her own family couldn't compare to the way her characters treated her. I was sitting on the window seat, gazing to the mountains when I heard the elevator whir and get louder. The doors opened and Fabbio stepped out, smiling, I blushed, remembering when I had a crush on my own character. \" What do you do when you face a predicament, that if you make a choice, you'll still feel wrong about it?\" \" You know what I do, Adrienne, I do what I think is right, remember in the story about me and Grace in the mountains, I stayed.\" He said, he just HAD to use that example, he sat down beside me. \" Yeah, but what if I don't like what is right?\" I asked him, turned my gaze on him. \" You don't want to stay?\" He asked. I rolled my eyes, \"I made you smarter than that.\" I told him \" I know, but you being here, almost makes everything right again, Grace isn't crying all the time, And Abigail isn't asking constantly about Casey, its as though she never left.\" \" Casey didn't leave, she was abducted, she would rather die before she wants to kill her family, I knew what I was doing when I created her.\" I reassured him \" Adrienne, you haven't worked on the Fanachella series for so long, this world has taken charge of itself, what you write doesn't matter anymore.\" \" This is my fault, its all my fault, if I hadn't given up, this wouldn't have happened! I wouldn't have to be here, I wouldn't be in this emotion war!\" I broke down crying. Fabbio wrapped me in a hug. \" Something tells me this was meant to be, this entire story, very since I first met you, Adrienne, was what you longed for most, have you not seen Grace, how similar you looked like, everything, even this window with the mountain view you've wanted that as well, then there's Casey, Adrienne, you may not realize this, but I know you, I know Casey, you two are exactly alike.\" He said \" How did you know, that you're world wasn't real?\" I asked. \" It is real, to us, you created us and gave us a beautiful home, Adrienne, but I'm married to the Warrior Enchantess, she knows things, Grace can see into other worlds. I remember when we first saw you through that portal I was so angry at your father, all I was thinking was how he could treat you like that, like an animal, I could relate to that, abuse, you wrote your life into words Adrienne, it nearly killed me, but it me stronger, but from what I've seen and see now, what he did to you was just destroying you bit by bit, you belong here, you may have been born in your world, but you created this world, to escape to, you could never do that physically, but you could do it mentally, Adrienne, we would love it if you stay.\" He cooed, fatherly. I moaned, miserable, I know he meant well but my conscience was telling me I had to return, but my heart told me to stay, I'm welcome, he got up and left. \" You always gave us impossible tasks to be done, and you had faith in us to do it, whether we completed them just barely alive and it was a breeze make yourself you own character, Adrienne, and you could do anything. This is your life, its just twisted to make things interesting, you take the chances, they will change your life, for the good.\" \" I am only thirteen, I am no super human, like you, or Grace, Casey, I am Adrienne Lance in a world that is not my own, I may have created it, but I cannot live in it, I will help you get Casey back, and then I'm going back to my own world, and just like you, I'm going to tough it out, if you can, I can too. I'm sorry Fabbio, but I need to face this, this is the impossible task I need to face and conquer, maybe, I can come back afterwards. And check up on you guys.\" He looked at me, those dark emerald eyes darker, eviler, \"If he beats you within an inch of your life again, I will be sure he regrets it.\" He said, darkly and sincerely, he cared about my as if I was his own, he was going to watch over me as the father I need and crave for, and he was right, this world based off everything I longed for the most, but not everything was meant to be. I had everything I wanted, a family that wanted me, but this wasn't my family, fate is dark cold and cruel, it gives one what one wants the most, wrongfully so you can't keep it, and then it rips it away from you. I fell on the bed, and screamed into my pillow. Fabbio left. The more I thought about it the more I sounded like I belonged here, this world was familiar and cozy, comforting and happy. I thought over and over again, I needed to go back, I needed to go home, but the more I thought about it, I was home and I was about to go back to horrible world, so cruel and just destructive. I got up and went down stairs. Everyone was spending time outside playing, I went out onto the porch, Fabbio was going down a trail, I walked across the yard after him. \" Hey Fabbio?\" \" Hmm?\" He replied, \"You know how you said I belonged here?\" He kicked at a rock and nodded. \"Well I thought about it, do think there could have been a world here before, and I originally belonged there?\" I asked \" Actually, me and Grace were down at the river, and we found some incredibly strange rubble, I wanted you to take a look and give me an opinion,\" He told me. \" Why?\" I asked. \" You'll see\" He told me. We got to the riverbank and he pulled me over to a boulder type thing. He knelt down in front of it. \" Look.\" He pointed at lines and figurines. \" They look shockingly familiar.\" I said. \" Adrienne, you just proved yourself right, not even Grace knew them, but she knew they were from the world that was here that was destroyed.\" My jaw dropped, I was right. \"Annabel?\" Dracula called. \"What, sorry?\" I said, looking at Dracula. \"I'm leaving to go hunting, and I need to pick up some food for you, but I'm leaving, why are you so absorbed in that book?\" He asked. \"It's a good book, that's why!\" I told him, he smirked, \"Come now, it can't be that good.\" He said teasingly, he strode over to me, and took the book from me. \"Oh you're so mean, give it back!\" I cried, he laughed and smiled evilly. \"Just let me read the description.\" He said I huffed and pouted. \"Fine.\" Dracula laughed heartily , he opened the flap an read the book jacket. \"Well, quite an interesting idea, continue.\" He said, giving me the book back. \"Will you take me out, to the store, when you get done hunting, please, I'm tired of being in one place.\" I begged. Dracula looked down at me. \"Fine, get ready and I'll be back.\" He said, walking out the door I went to the bathroom and run a quick bath to relax my muscles, ever since Mary and Simon, I was tense. I poured in some bathing salt and watched them desingrate and become frothy. I stripped down and eased in relaxing for a few minutes, I closed my eyes, sighing. I sucked in a breath and ducked under, wetting my hair, I came back up and reached down for the shampoo, squirting some in my palm, I massaged the shampoo through my hair and rinsed, I repeated this with the conditioner. I drained the tub and got out, putting on a bathrobe and wrapping my hair in a towel, I brushed my teeth and took the towel down, I brushed the tangles out painfully. \"You really shouldn't brush your hair like that, it damages your hair. Let me.\" Dracula's hands appeared on my shoulders, I jumped, he chuckled lightly, moving his hand and kissing my shoulder, he took the brush from my hand, in the mirror, the hair brush was levitating. \"That is so creepy.\" I said, he laughed, taking a lock of wet hair and brushing it gently. I felt the tug of the hair brush, but it wasn't yanking my hair out. He finished brushing my hair. \"Now dry it.\" He said, walking out of the bathroom, I rolled my eyes, \"Fine I will!\" I called back. \"Good.\" He hollered back. \"Well!\" I said to myself, taking out the hair dryer and drying my hair, once that was done, I dressed and went into the living room, Dracula was sitting on the couch, playing with a set of keys. \"Since when did you have a car?\" I asked him. \"Since I've needed one.\" He returned. \"And how long is that?\" He didn't answer, he just got up and went outside, I heard the growl of an engine starting up. \"Fine, don't answer me, see if I don't care.\" I said lacing up my boots and pulling on my jacket. I walked outside, my jaw dropped, he had a freaking Jaguar! \"How did you get that?\" I asked him. \"You don't need to know.\" Dracula said slyly, opening the passengers door. \"Do you even have a licenses.\" I asked. \"No, but I've been driving since car were invented.\" He told me. I hoped he was kidding. \"That doesn't mean a damn thing.\" I told him as I got in the car. He smirked as he closed the door. \"Of course it does Annabel.\" He said when he got in the car, he put on his seat belt. \"That's right you better put that on.\" I said teasingly as I strapped in myself. He put the car into drive and we were off. He speed down the driveway, I huffed, unamused. \"What you're not scared?\" He asked, I laughed, \"No, I went down a curvy road I20 miles an hour, in a top-heavy truck.\" I told him. (A/N: Speeding in a top heavy automobile is not very smart, but extremely fun. You did not hear that from me…) \"Really?\" I could tell he didn't believe me, \"Yes, I was going home from a football game with my father.\" I told him as a matter of factly. He laughed and just speed up, \"You're crazy, you realize that, right?\" I asked him looking at him. \"Oh of course.\" He said sarcastically, he slowed down as we came to the main road. \"Just making sure.\" I replied. He smirked, checking the road he pulled out and drove down the road. \"Why did you live with Chase?\" Dracula asked. \"Because, I didn't like living alone, it was too quiet, and with him around, I'm not alone.\" I told him. \"What do you think about living with me? He asked. \"I love living with you.\" I told him, stripping my jacket, it was getting hot. \"Here's a good question, how do you get money? I've never seen you work.\" I told him. \"I became acquaintances, with a rather wealthy, elderly man, that had no living family he died and gave me everything he had.\" Dracula told me sadly. I stayed quiet for the rest of the drive, I was content. We walked inside the store, \"ANNABEL!\" I heard a familiar voice yell, it was Chase, I was tackled in a hug. \"You're okay!\" He said, disbelieving. \"Of course she's okay, she's been with me.\" Dracula said grabbing my hand. \"Well why didn't you say anything or leave a note.\" \"I had a lot on my mind and being with, Nick helped me out a lot, I think I'm going to stay with him, Chase.\" I reassured him. He smiled, he turned to Dracula, \"Can I talk with you?\" He said, Dracula nodded I stood there waiting for them to come back, Chase walked off and Dracula walked back to me. \"He threatened me!\" Dracula said, I giggled. \"Nick, really?\" He asked after he got over his shock. \"It's the first thing that came to mind, alright, and I don't think 'Hey Chase, this is Dracula.' would work out to well.\" I told him \"Point taken.\" He purred, he never struck me as the type to purr their words. But it matched the look on his face. \"Are we going to make out or start shopping?\" I asked, he laughed. \"Making out sounds nice.\" I slapped his arm. \"I can't believe you!\" I laughed Dracula grabbed a buggy and we went to the refrigerated section, I grabbed deli roast beef and smoked ham. I threw them in the buggy, Dracula smirked. \"What?\" I asked him. \"You really need to be more exotic.\" He said. \"I like being in that small coop of safety when it comes to food, thanks very much Sweetheart.\" I told him. He laughed, his eyes twinkling. We finished shopping and went home, I was glad I could call that place home.[Chapter 12] *Crying* This is my last chapter for a while, sorry that its not all explosive surprise at the end or anything. *cries some more* I was laying on the couch just enjoying the warm heat, reading again, when Dracula came out of nowhere, scaring me, he was on top of me in no time, I hit him in the chest with my book. \"Besides agitating me, what are you doing?\" I asked him, he kissed the flat of my chest lovingly, as though that would get him out of trouble. \"Nothing too important.\" he said innocently. I hooked my hand around his neck and brought my lips to his. We shared that innocent kiss, but Dracula deepened it making me moan. He pulled back, but I didn't want him to stop. He got up off me, smirking evilly. \"Oh, I hate you.\" I told him narrowing my at him, he laughed a little. \"Its getting late, you should go to bed.\" He said gently. I looked at him, sliding the book mark into place and putting the book on the coffee table. \"Only if you come lay down with me, I sleep better that way.\" He tucked a lock of hair behind my ear. \"Alright.\" He said simply. I smiled and got ready for bed. Dracula The moment Simon had turned on Annabel, I was terrorized for her, I was fast enough to knock his aim out of line, and in return, Annabel saved my life. I was still scared for her to this day, I've always been, I can't let her go, she wouldn't have that, if she were to leave and I were still alive, I'd go after her, losing all control of myself. She is in danger of her life all the time every time she is near me, every time her neck is exposed, I could very well lose myself to instincts and attack her again, the memories of her terrorized scream rung in my ears. She wanted me to lay down with her, that night, was horrible for me. That's why I haven't laid down with her since, I nearly ended her life, she never had a clue how close she was to death that night, I told myself that I could control myself. Anything to make her happy I thought Are you sure you really want to risk that, her delicate life was almost torn away, several times, your love session almost destroyed the both of you, how bad you wanted her blood, so bad, her every scream made you crazy. I shook the thoughts from my head and agreed to lay down with her, she smiled gratefully and pranced off to get ready for bed. I sank down to the couch, my face in my hands. \"What am I doing, she's lining herself up for her own destruction every time she asks me so innocently to just lay down with her at night.\" I was so stressed, for the first time in a while, but this includes someone I truly loved, and their life in danger, by my presence. \"This is horrible.\" I told myself quietly. I stood, I wanted to make her happy, but I was endangering her, I hadn't done this in forever. Dear God, help me. I cried out mentally, it killed me to do it, but I was doing this for Annabel's safety, anything to keep her safe. I was in her bedroom, I heard slashing and water swirling in the bathroom, she was getting out of the bathtub. I went into the bathroom and saw her with her bathrobe on, it was tied around her loosely, I came up behind her and wrapped my arms around her, she smiled, looking at me and continued to brush her hair gently, as I had showed her earlier. She set the hair brush down and picked up her hair dryer, I stepped back and leaned against the shower's glass door. I looked her up and down, thankfully I didn't have a reflection, Annabel couldn't see my lustful act, the bathrobe stopped at just above her knees, showing her gazelle like legs. She'd been like this since she was thirteen, I've just now started to want her like this, she finished drying her hair and went back through it with a comb, making her long brown hair shine and even more silky to the touch, flowing down her back, shimmering like mountain water, she laid it over her shoulder, to brush it easier, I reproached her and took the comb from her hand gently and moved her hair to her back and combed it for her, it was prettier that way. \"You should be a late night hair stylist as much as you like playing with hair.\" She said. \"I only like 'playing' with your hair.\" I returned her remark, she smirked in the mirror, I smiled gently. I laid the comb down on the marble sink. I lefther momentarily to let her get on a night gown. I returned to her, covering her hand with mine, bringing her hand to my lips I kissed her fingers lovingly, I wrapped my other arm around her. We swayed gently, entwined our fingers and led her to her bed she laid down, I rounded the bed and laid down beside her. She turned over to face me, smiling sweetly, I returned her smile, laying my hand gently on her cheek. \"I love you.\" She whispered. \"I love you too, Annabel, now rest.\" I told her gently, she smiled and closed her eyes, I took her in my arms an held her close to me. \"Sleep well my love.\"[Chapter 13] Dracula I was lying with Annabel, when the horrible urge to drink her blood over me; I looked at her innocent face, asleep peacefully, I was suddenly on top of her, sinking my fangs in her throat, she screamed in pain, but the scream was cut off as the blood rose in her throat. The sweet liquid seeped into my mouth, clouding my senses, making me crave her blood even more. I pulled back and saw that her blood kept flowing from her throat; I bent back down and lapped at the crimson fluid hungrily. WHAT ARE YOU DOING! My conscience yelled at me mentally. Without realizing it, I too wondered what I was doing, I loved Annabel, and she had trusted me. I kept at her throat, until every drop of her precious blood was gone. I jerked awake. I looked to my side in the bed and saw Annabel was gone, I heard her messing in the kitchen. I breathed a sigh of relief, I didn't really harm Annabel, I would destroy myself if I really had. I got up and joined her in the kitchen, laying my hands on her shoulders, kissing her neck. \"Good Morning my love.\" I told her lovingly, she turned around and smiled. \"Good Morning Dracula. I thought you were nocturnal?\" She asked. \"I don't like knowing that you're alone during the da, but I'm fine with only a few hours a sleep worry not my love.\" I told her, she looked at me meaningfully; I smiled gently to make her believe me, she bought it. I dropped the smile and went into the living room, why had I dreamed that dream? I was confused, I would never hurt Annabel, and the only time I even thought about hurting her was when after our first kiss, I closed my eyes, feeling ashamed at what I had almost done to her. She came into the room and sat down beside me, I wrapped my arm around her shoulders, and brought her closer to me I kissed the side of her head lovingly, I felt her smile. Annabel Something was off about Dracula; he seemed timid about something, about being near me. He left the kitchen after he told me good morning. I followed him into the living room and sat down on the sofa beside him, he pulled me closer to him, and I smiled. \"What's wrong?\" I asked him. \"What do you mean?\" He asked in return. \"You're acting out of character.\" He didn't reply to me, I looked up at him, his face was creased with worry, I hugged him gently he wrapped his other arm around me and brought me just a little closer to him. I rest my head on his shoulder; a chilled shudder ran through my body, making me shake vigorously for a second. \"What's wrong?\" He asked worriedly. \"You need to get around humans more, it was a cold chill, it happens to me every now and then.\" \"Why?\" He asked me. \"I don't know, how should I know, I'm no doctor.\" I told him. He laughed heartily. I smiled he was coming back to that old Dracula that I knew not the timid vampire that came into the kitchen this morning, but I still wanted to know why he was acting like that. I worried me, as if he was insecure about something. I looked at him, \"Back to my original question, what's wrong, you've never acted like that before\". Dracula sighed heavily. \"It was just a dream, it startled me Annabel.\" He told me, oh how I loved hearing him say my name, it was so sweet and gentle. \"Vampires have dreams?\" I asked him curiously. \"Yes, we do, but they're hardly ever what humans call good dreams Annabel.\" He told me. I sighed heavily. \"Do you have an explanation for that?\" I asked him curiously, I wanted to know everything about vampires, and my next question was why vampires didn't have a reflection that was just downright insane, and an unfair advantage to me when it came to standing in front of a mirror and Dracula decides to sneak up on me... \"I think it's because that the vampiric species is the dead arose.\" He told me, sounding scientific. \"What about vampires not having reflections?\" I asked him. \"Same explanation.\" He said simply. \"Ok, okay.\" I replied. He lay back onto the couch and I rest my head on his chest, listening for something I knew wasn't there, a heart beat.[Chapter 14] He just seemed so welcoming and human, if I didn't know him I'd think he was human, only by touch would I know he wasn't human, I was actually almost disappointed, he refused to turn me, I wanted to be with him, forever, and if he was immortal, that would never happen, I didn't want to leave Dracula. It was unimaginable; I teared up just thinking about it, the tears fell, landing on his chest. He tucked two fingers under my chin and lifted my face to look me in the face. A look of worry on his face… \"What's wrong my Annabel?\" He said ever so sweetly. \"I was just thinking that I'll die one day and leave you to be alone till Judgment day.\" A grim look crossed his face. \"I've been considering that Annabel, and I just don't know if you're cut out to be a vampire, you love the sunlight, you've seen what sun will do to a vampire.\" \"I'm not stupid enough to put my life in danger for the pleasure of having the sun on my face, Dracula; I would give anything to be with you for the rest of all time.\" He sighed heavily and closed his eyes, leaning his head on the armrest of the sofa, I looked at him distressfully. \"Dracula! Don't avoid this!\" I told him. \"I'm not avoiding anything. I'm not ready to turn you, that's it Annabel.\" He said flatly, so he was going to turn me into a vampire. My stomach felt uneasy again, I pulled myself from Dracula's arms, clutching my stomach. \"What's wrong?\" Dracula asked worried. \"I'm feeling sick again.\" I told him. \"That's it, as soon as the sun sets; you're going to the doctor, I don't care what I have to do to get you an appointment.\" He said, getting off the couch and went into the kitchen, when the hell did he get a phone? I got up gently and went into the kitchen, seeing Dracula on a house phone, I was so confused, and I never noticed it before he hides stuff from me. I was stressed out over that a bit. \"8:30? Okay, perfect, thank you.\" He said, he turned around. He took me in his arms gently. \"Get ready, your appointment is at eight-thirty, its eight now.\" He told me gently. I broke from his embrace and made my way to my bathroom, I took out an outfit and took it into the bathroom, hung it up on the hook on the door, stripped down and opened the shower door, closing it behind me I turned on the water and wet my hair shampooing and conditioning quickly. I washed my body and got out; after I dried off, I tied the robe around my waist and went to the mirror to dry my hair, I felt Dracula's arms wrap around me lovingly. \"How are you feeling?\" He whispered in my ear. I looked over my shoulder at him and smiled, \"I'm feeling fine Dracula. I don't need to go to the doctor.\" I told him. He kissed my cheek lovingly. \"I know you think that, but I just want to be sure that you're not sick, it hasn't been too long since I tried to destroy myself Annabel, you went out without a jacket, you could be sick. I don't want to lose you to sickness Annabel.\" He told me, worry soaked his voice. I frowned. He kissed my cheek again and left the room, I went back to drying my hair. I brushed my teeth and got dressed, going back out to the living room, Dracula was waiting for me with my jacket I took it from him and put it on. He led me out to the car and opened the car door for me, I sat down and buckled my seat belt Dracula got in as well, started the car, and drove to the doctor's office. The ride was silent, Dracula sighed a lot. I looked at him, distressed. \"Dracula, talk to me, I hate silences, it makes me think you're mad at me.\" I told him, he looked at me smiling gently, \"I could never be mad at you, well, besides that one time…\" His voice trailed off at those words, he laughed. \"I was slightly agitated when you put the sheet over my cage.\" He told me. \"Well I wasn't about to let you watch me get dressed.\" I told him. \"I was a bat.\" He told me. \"Yeah, a bat that turned into a vampire.\" I replied. \"You didn't know that.\" He said, laughing. I laughed as well. \"Yes but you were acting very humanly.\" Dracula laughed a little more. \"I suppose I need to work on the bat act unless I want to be busted for the vampire I am.\" He said sarcastically. I laughed, Dracula pulled into the doctor's office. I unbuckled my seat belt and got out of the car, Dracula was standing right there, waiting for me, I took his hand he pulled me to the door and opened it, gesturing for me to go ahead. I stepped into the building and shed my jacket, Dracula, kept his trench coat on, people looked at him weird, and women stared at him, and then glared at me as they noticed Dracula entwined my hand with his. He glared back, they looked down I smirked as we sat down. He drug a finger across the surface of the back of my hand. I smiled at him, the women were staring at us again, well more or less Dracula. He smiled at me lovingly, looking into my eyes. \"You're torturing them, and you love doing it.\" I told him, his smile grew into an evil one. \"They're all hoping that we get into an argument here and now and split, as if that'll ever happen.\" He laughed a little as he said this. A nurse called a name, Dracula stood, pulling me up with him, we followed the nurse into a room, I never liked the doctor's it just wasn't something I liked. I sat down on the examination table. Dracula sat in the chair. \"Before the doctor comes in, what do I call you?\" I asked him. \"Just think of something.\" \"I'll just call you Nick again.\" I said. Dracula smirked, the doctor came in. \"Annabel, haven't seen you in a while.\" He said, I met his eyes and saw Doctor Johnson. \"Yes, well, I don't really have an explanation for that.\" I told him, he smiled gently. \"Your friend here said you were experiencing nausea?\" He said. \"Yes, I have.\" \"Have you seen any unexpected mood swings?\" He asked, my eyes widened, I knew what he was getting at; he was thinking I was pregnant, I looked at Dracula, his eyes widened. \"I don't think I'm pregnant Dr. Johnson.\" I told him. He smiled again. \"You have had a history for feeling random unexplained waves of nausea.\" He told me, I stuck my tongue out at Dracula, \"See, I'm fine.\" I told him. \"Well, he didn't say you weren't fine either Annabel.\" Dracula replied. \"Actually, she's right she's fine, both her parents and grandmother had brought her in when she was younger for the same reason.\" I smirked at Dracula. \"I think I know my body better than you do, Nick.\" I told him, getting off the examination table. Dracula stood and took my hand. \"I'm just glad you're okay.\" He said I smiled as he took my hand and led me out of the room and out into the waiting room. The women stared at Dracula again, I glared at them this time, he was MY vampire and I'd kick their ass if they tried to take him away from me.[Chapter 15] I was sitting on the couch, reading again, when Dracula came and sat down beside me, he wrapped his arms around me and just stare at me, I was used to this, he would do it very often, so I just ignored him and continued to read, he huffed. \"What?\" I asked him, not looking from my book. \"Nothing.\" He said, innocent enough, I believed him, at the time. He nuzzled my neck affectionately, I smiled, memorizing my page, I closed the book. \"You are just begging for attention, aren't you?\" I asked him, he smiled mischievously. His hand snaked around to my back, pulling me closer to him. I smiled and kissed him gently, I was going to pull back, but Dracula wasn't about to have that, he pressed his hand tighter to my back, making sure that I can't retreat, deepening the kiss roughly, I hooked my hand around his neck, allowing him access to my mouth. Knock, Knock. Dracula pulled back and hissed angrily. \"However the hell that is, is going to get the greeting that they'll never forget.\" He growled, I huffed. \"Oh be nice.\" I told him, he shot a looked at me, it was a gentle look, \"I won't make any promises to you.\" He said. There were more knocks, whoever it was, was getting impatient. I hadn't realized Dracula had unbuttoned a few of the buttons on my shirt, I busied myself by making myself presentable. Dracula strode over to the door and just about took it off its hinges opening the door, I looked at him in disbelief, I wanted to smack him for behind so impolite. I gazed over his shoulder at a surprised Mary. Dracula's shoulders slacked, \"Mary.\" He said with dignity, which to me wasn't really there… Mary relaxed as well, Dracula stepped to the side allowing Mary in. \"What, no silver stake shooting gun carrying Simon?\" (A/N Try saying THAT five times fast!) Dracula asked. I snickered. \"What?\" He asked. \"You just alliterated.\" I said, laughing a little harder, Mary looked a little disbelieving. \"No, Simon has been busy, I just wanted to…\" Her voice trailed off . \"Check on me?\" Dracula finished for her, walking away, growling. Mary and I watched him go. \"Well he certainly is welcoming.\" Mary said sarcastically. \"You just came at a bad time.\" I said, adjusting my shirt slightly and scratching my head. She looked at me, disbelieving. \"You did it with him?\" I looked at her, a teasing look at her. \"Yes actually, but let's not get into that, that's,\" I heaved a sigh. \"Personal.\" I finished. There was a short awkward silence, after that, it was agitating I never liked awkward silences. \"Well, how are you doing?\" I asked, trying to break the silence. \"I've been good. What's it like, living with Dracula, and being happy about it?\" I smirked at her question. \"I love it, Dracula is actually a good 'roommate' so to speak.\" I said, smiling a bit wider. Dracula walked back in and sat on the couch, ignoring Mary, I stuck my tongue out at him. \"Oh very mature Annabel.\" \"Just as mature as what you're doing…\" I said. Dracula looked over his shoulder a glare in his eyes. I winked at him tauntingly, my lips curling into a evilly sweet smile. He looked at me, pulling his lips back in a silent snarl. Mary didn't seem to like that. I looked at her, smirking, \"He's fine, he couldn't hurt me if he wanted to.\" I told her. Dracula continued to glare. \"Oh you're just glaring at me because I'm right.\" I told him teasingly. He iron look in his eyes softened. \"There's a vampire.\" I said teasingly, Mary snickered a little. \"Well I better get back to the hotel.\" Mary announced. Dracula looked slightly relieved, I was actually a little sad, it's nice to have a female to talk to every now and then. Mary left and I sat down on the sofa beside Dracula, he draped an arm over my shoulder lovingly. \"You were acting like a five year old, Dracula.\" I told him \"You were too.\" He said, growled more or less. \"I was playing with you.\" I replied. He didn't reply, I frowned as he slid his arm off my shoulder and left the house, he needed to be alone and I didn't blame him, I actually wanted to be a human as long as possible. But I wanted to be with Dracula forever. I fell asleep on the couch, dreaming of an eternity with Dracula. *does a little jig* WOOO, FIVE MORE CHAPTER TILL I HIT 20 CHAPTERS! LONGEST STORY SO FAR! (I think)[Chapter 16] Dracula I ripped the head of my victim off, making sure that she wouldn't return for the dead, I was wondering the way I left had hurt Annabel. I was over reacting with Mary and the fact that the two were actually getting along, Annabel needed more than just me, she also needed a female friend, and a little less isolation, if I hadn't been alone most of my life, I would have gone insane. I wiped my mouth of any blood, I went through the woods and returned found myself in the back yard, and saw Annabel in the garden, she was kneeling to the ground, the fawn had returned, a bit bigger now, it had stubby antlers now, I walked up behind her, the little deer looked up at me. \"What is it deer?\" She asked the little creature. She turned around and saw me, she smiled, she wasn't upset, or she was just good at hiding it. \"Hi Dracula.\" She said simply, I knelt down beside her the deer never took his eyes off me. I gazed back to the rose, it wasn't there, it was dead, I looked at Annabel, blissfully of the rose being dead, perhaps, she was wrong, what if she and I weren't meant to be together forever, I sighed wearily, Annabel looked at me, I smiled gently to cover up my worry. \"Let's go inside, I don't want you to get sick.\" I told her, she nodded and got up, \"Bye deer.\" She said simply and innocent, almost childlike. I looked at her, wearily, I couldn't keep her here with me, I knew she loved me, and I know she doesn't want our paths to grow apart, but perhaps, it wasn't meant to be. You know you need her and vice versa Said the voice of reason. I know I need her, but I'm not too sure she needs me… It just doesn't seem like she doesn't seem that she does. She does. Go away for a while and see what happens. I considered it, but that could end in me committing suicide, I can hardly live without her now. I wrapped my arm around her shoulders and held her to me. My life line. I thought, Annabel hadn't a clue how much I loved her and needed her by my side, yet it was so, unavoidable for her to be here, and I just couldn't turn her, she was too innocent and well, she lead a human life to well. \"Dracula, are you alright? You're acting weird.\" Annabel asked. \"Of course I'm fine, I have you by my side.\" I told her, she stopped. \"You tell me these things Dracula, when I ask, you smile and say you're fine. I can tell you're not fine, Dracula, I can see it, I'm not this blissfully unaware woman, I have sense and I can tell when something is eating at you.\" She said almost angrily, I looked into her eyes wearily I sighed heavily, tracing her cheekbone gently. \"Annabel, I was just thinking, and I really don't think you'd want to hear what I'm thinking about, you'd be hurt, alright?\" I asked her, inclining my eyebrows, she blinked at me. \"Dracula…\" She started, I placed a finger on her lips shushing her. \"Everything is fine I promise you.\" I said and kissed her forehead. I took her inside and took her jacket off for her, wrapping my arms around her, I kissed her neck, inhaling her scent (A/N NOT that food scent like from Twilight *shudders* like perfume or body wash or something…) it was a tropical scent, I enjoyed it, very much. Annabel's hand hooked around my neck and she turned to kiss me, I claimed her lips lovingly. I enjoyed her every touch, her skin was like well weaved silk, soft and gentle, like nothing I've ever experienced before. She was a rare treasure, and she was mine, it was about time I stopped being melodramatic, Annabel is mine, I can control myself, I know it, this is Annabel, needed her with me, as human, something told me. She wouldn't be the same as a vampire, she just seemed I mean, every human turned vampire is different afterwards, but they eventually turn back to their original personality. I pulled back from her and caressed her face. \"My love.\" I called to her quietly. \"Yes, Dracula?\" She cooed, I smiled and claimed her lips again. My hands running down her sides, feeling every single perfectly sculpted detail about her body finding her turning around in my embrace, her hand found a place on my chest, finding a way to around the back of my neck, she deepened the kiss demandingly, I smirked. Pulling back, she glared at me, I laughed, caressing her face again. \"Maybe later, but you need to get out of those clothes, they're wet, now go, alright?\" I said gently only worried about her health, she pouted and huffed, looking utterly adorable, \"Fine.\" She said, I smiled as she left my arms to change. How I loved her, she was I hated to say it, an angel.[Chapter 17] Annabel I sat down beside Dracula, he wrapped his arms around me kissing my wet hair, I had taken a shower as well, I kinda shivered, wet hair plus undead vampire equals really cold human. Dracula pulled the blanket off the back of the couch and wrapped it around my shoulders lovingly. \"Better?\" He asked, I wrapped it a bit tighter around my shoulder. \"Much.\" I said simply. He smiled pleased with himself, I loved the way his eyes twinkled, he seemed so utterly at peace. I snuggled into him, the chill trying to bite through the blanket, but the blanket kept me warm and I was happy that I was with Dracula. I wondered if Dracula would put aside his hatred for religion to get married, over time I had completely forgotten telepathy. \"I've considered it a lot. I'm feeling selfish about not saying that I don't want to, but…\" His voice trailed off. I looked at him, I wouldn't mind not marrying him, but for a while now, I've wanted to be able to call him my husband. \"Dracula.\" I called him. \"Yes?\" \"I'm bored, let's go do something, please?\" I said, nearly begging. He laughed slightly. \"I don't suppose it could hurt. Where do you want to go?\" He asked . The question stumped me. \"Uhhh.\" I said bluntly. \"You want to go somewhere, but you don't know where?\" He asked teasingly, I glared at him. Breaking out into a smile, \"Why don't we just ride around until you see something you want to do or see?\" He offered. I smiled. \"I like that idea.\" I cooed, Dracula smirked, I unwrapped myself and got up, Dracula's hand lingered on my back as I got off the couch. I went and changed into decent clothes, I was standing in front of the floor length mirror, I put my hair up in a pony tail and turned it up and clipped a hair clippie in my hair, making my hair fountain out. I turned around and came face to face with Dracula. I nearly squealed. He laughed and took me in his arms, it calmed me to be against his body, so close to him. I pulled back and Dracula led me out to the lobby and gave me my jacket, I took it from his hands and slipped it on, Dracula opened the door and I stepped out. Dracula was at the passenger's door before I could even get outside good. He smiled and opened for me, I sat down and buckled myself in. Dracula came around and opened the driver's side door and slid into the seat, putting the key into the ignition, and started the car, it growled to life. Dracula sped down the driveway. \"Can we turn on the radio?\" I asked . He looked at me briefly, and turned on the radio, it was a bunch of static. I changed the channel to a nice classic channel. \"I didn't know you liked classic music Annabel.\" Dracula said in disbelief. \"Yeah, I love it, it can be relaxing.\" I told him, sighing. We came into town, people walked on the sidewalks and some jay walked. Dracula checked the gas gage. \"I need to get some gas for the car, is that alright?\" He asked me. \"I don't care.\" I said simply. Dracula smiled and pulled into the gas station, I saw a familiar pickup truck there. Chase was here. \"Hey.\" I grabbed Dracula's arm before he got out of the car, he looked at me \"Can I go say hey to Chase?\" I asked him. \"You're a free woman, I don't mind.\" He said, I released him and got out of the car. I went over to the truck and leaned against the front of it, Chase came out of the store and saw me, he smiled widely. \"Hey Annabel!\" He said happily, \"Nick still treating you right?\" He asked me. \"Of course, you have nothing to worry about, Nick is the sweetest guy to me. He'd kill himself if he hurts me.\" Literally I added mentally. I nearly frowned at the thought. I turned and looked at Dracula, the was a female there, Dracula was ignoring her, but I'd show her. \"Excuse me.\" I said politely, I turned around and got my game face on, walking up to her, I tapped her shoulder. She turned around agitated that I interrupted her, I smiled sweetly, then dropped it, Dracula shot me a glance and shook his head. \"That's my boyfriend.\" I told her, she rolled her eyes, \"Then why are you over there, talking to him?\" She point at Chase who was watching in disbelief. \"He's an old friend, now leave, before I have to hurt you.\" I told her flatly. She left in a hurry after that. \"You've been spending too much time with me.\" Dracula said, taking the gas pump out of the tank and putting in that thing I have no what is called. I waved bye to Chase and got in the car, Dracula drove away. WOOT WOOOT CHAPTER 17 IZ FEELZ SPECIAL![Chapter 18] \"You see anything you'd like to do?\" Dracula asked me as we drove around town. I kinda wanted to look around in a store. I spotted a store I wanted to go into. \"There.\" I said pointing at the store. Dracula followed my indication and pulled into the parking lot, pulling into a parking place. \"Annabel.\" Dracula said. \"Yes?\" I asked him. \"You do realize that there are women all over the place here?\" He told me, I could hear the smile in his voice. \"Yes, and anyone tries anything they'll deal with me.\" I said. \"Oh you're really threatening.\" He said, laughing. \"To female humans, I can deal a good bit of damage. I was a mean girl in school and dealt a hell of a punch.\" I told him \"And I doubt my damage level has gone down any.\" I told him with humor heavy in my voice. Dracula turned off the car and got out, he went around and opened the door for me. I smiled at him as I stood , stepping away from the door, he shut it and then took my hand, kissing my fingers affectionately. I smiled wider as he lowered our hands to our sides. We headed to the store, Dracula opened the door for me, I stepped in and shed my jacket, Dracula took it from me and folded it over his arm, wrapping his arm around my waist, the women were green with jealously, I smirked at them. \"Didn't your mother ever tell you not to tease people?\" Dracula asked. \"Of course she did, but it never sank in…\" I said, venturing deeper into the store, I saw the men's area, and glanced at Dracula, he saw me. He laughed sarcastically\" NO.\" He said. \"Fine!\" I said quietly, but the women around us began looking hopeful, I laughed at their desperateness, Dracula guided me on a bit quicker away from the men's clothing before I got the chance to beg him to let me buy him a shirt, and one he thought he wouldn't like. I looked at him, he smiled gently and pecked a kiss on my cheek lovingly… I went to the women's clothing area, saw a gorgeous shirt, and basically bolted to it, taking it off the rack I showed it to Dracula. \"What do you think Honey?\" I asked him, he studied the shirt \" \"It would compliment your eyes and skin tone.\" He said, looking me in the face. \"How the HELL would you know that?\" I asked him quietly. He laughed a little. \"I've seen you in that color before, you looked wonderful.\" He purred. I smiled, \"Can I get it?\" I asked him. He smiled. \"Of course\" I folded it over my arm, and continued to browse. I saw Dracula checking his watch after a while, when he got one of those, I have NO clue. \"It's kind of late Annabel.\" He told me. \"You want to leave?\" I asked him. \"For your sake, yes.\" He told me, his hand appearing on my shoulder, and his arm appearing around my waist, pulling me to his body, I eased into his embrace. \"We have to remember, we're in public Dracula.\" I told him. \"Damn.\" He said, I laughed, I grabbed his hand and pulled him to the cash register. I put the shirt on the counter, thankfully the cashier was a man, so no gawking at MY vampire included, YAY! We checked out and went out to the car, I sat down heavily in the car and didn't realize how tired I was until I actually sat down. My eyes felt heavy, and I felt drained. Dracula looked at me. \"See?\" He said, laughing. \"Quit being a smartass.\" I told him groggily. He laughed even more. I glared at him, he leaned across the car and kissed my cheek lovingly. \"We'll get you home, and you can go to bed.\" He whispered to me. I looked at him gratefully, \"That sounds nice.\" I said simply. He laughed and started the engine \"Why is that so loud.\" I said. \"It's not loud, you're just tired my love.\" He said gently I just relaxed a little and sank a little down into my seat and dozed off. I was awake enough to feel Dracula drive and park the car, I didn't feel like waking up, but Dracula just took me in his arms and took me inside, laying me on the my bed. He threw a blanket over me and I fell into a deep sleep. WHOOO THE COUNT DOWN CONTINUES![Chapter 19] I was in the garden behind the mansion, sprucing everything up, planting some flowers and taking care of the ones that were already there. I was mainly thinking, I've begun reconsidering things, like wanting to be a vampire with Dracula. It suddenly didn't seem all that appealing, I loved Dracula with my heart and soul, I didn't know, I was so confused. Sighing heavily, I took a break and went inside, Dracula was asleep in his room, I had begged him to get more sleep, he complied. I made a my usual roast beef, ham and tomato sandwich, and poured a tall glass of lemonade, sitting on the couch with the laptop Dracula got me for my birthday, checking my email. I had one from my parents, who thought I was at college and not living with a vampire. Hey honey, we miss you, how is college? The email was short and sweet; I put down my lemonade and typed my reply. It's good, I met the nicest guy, and I'm hoping he'll propose someday soon. I clicked send and ate my sandwich, contently unaware that a pair of emerald eyes had read my email to my parents as I sent it. I finished my meal and went back outside to the garden. I planted my children and watered them. \"Hello Annabel.\" I heard Mary's voice sound from behind me; I turned around and say her. I smiled and turned around to face her, wiping my hands, standing to give her a hug, she returned my hug sisterly. Mary had left London and returned to America. You'd think, after everything Dracula had put her and Simon through, that they'd become a couple, they didn't, but I believe that the two would make a wonderful couple. \"Hi Mar.\" I told her, pulling back at look at her. \"Something I can help you with?\" I said, releasing her and taking to watering the rose bushes. \"Nothing, I just decided to come by and see what you were up to. I love what you did to the house, I just can't get over that Dracula actually LET you paint his home white.\" She said, looking to the house. \"He actually likes it. He said it makes him forget about that dark past of his, mostly. I'm glad he's changing his look on life.\" I said, watering the lilies. \"Really, that's surprising.\" She sad, a hint o f disbelief in her voice, I stood up straight and turned back to her. \"It does sound out of character for him, but he's beginning to change. I don't know about it. I'm having issues of my own. Dracula has told me he was going to turn me, and at first, I was happy that I was going to be by his side forever, but now, being vampire just doesn't seem appealing. I'm afraid, Mary, what if this hurts him. I love Dracula, and I would love to be with him, for the rest of my life. It just doesn't seem right.\" I said, looking at her. Mary looked at me, \"I'm sorry I don't know how to help you there, I haven't been in a predicament like that, but I wish you good luck Annabel.\" Mary said. \"Let's go inside and just relax for a few moments.\" I said to her, she nodded and we headed inside. Dracula was sitting on the couch; he looked back at us, smiling. I looked away, feeling guilty; I just hoped he would read my mind, so I didn't have to have those words on my tongue, telling him that I didn't want to be a vampire. I went into the bathroom and washed my hands, getting the dirt out from under my nails. I rejoined the Dracula and Mary in the living room, sitting down beside Dracula, he wrapped his arm around my shoulder and held me to him, I blinked back tears, and this was so painful. I kept my gaze at Mary, who was sitting in the arm chair. She smiled reassuringly, I sighed heavily, distressed. I wanted to look at Dracula and let him comfort me about this, but I just couldn't bring myself to do this. Dracula and Mary conversed important matters; I remained quiet, listening to them absently. Mary left after a while. \"You've been awfully quiet, Bell.\" Dracula had taken to calling me Bell ever so often, like when he was teasing me or something. \"I'm just confused.\" I told him. \"About what?\" He asked persistent. \"Dracula, l can't love you anymore than what I already do, but I'm not sure about-\" My voice trailed off. \"About what?\" He repeated. \"I THOUGHT YOU COULD READ MINDS!\" I groaned stressfully. \"I can choose not to.\" He said. I took a deep breath. \"I'm not sure about becoming a vampire.\" I told him, nearly breaking into tears at Dracula's silence, I closed my eyes. It was then when I did cry, unable to stand the silence; I jerked from Dracula and retreated to my room I fell down on the bed and cried my heart out. I needed Dracula by my side, but I wasn't sure about- I wasn't sure about anything anymore, and I never knew if I was ever going to be sure about anything that included Dracula ever again, I needed to clear my mind. I looked up, getting off the bed; I went out of my room and searched for Dracula. He was where I left him, in total shock. \"Dracula, I just need to clear my mind, could I just go stay somewhere else for a little while?\" I asked him. Memories of my grandmother's beach house flooded my mind, it always helped me think. \"Where?\" He asked. I was quiet for a few moments. \"The beach is only a few hours away, and my grandmother had left me her beach house when she died.\" I told him \"Do you want me to drive you, or do you want to drive yourself?\" He asked me, quietly. \"I want to drive myself, if that's fine, Dracula.\" He sighed. \"Very well, if you wish it.\" Dracula told me. I packed and put my suit case in the car, I turned to face Dracula, he had tears in his eyes, I kissed his cheek, \"This isn't permanent, I swear.\" Dracula put the Jaguar's keys in my hand, hugging me gently. \"I'll miss you, Annabel.\" He whispered in my ear, I kissed him a bit deeper than my usual kiss, which was relatively a soft kiss. \"I know.\" I got into the car and drove off, looking into the rear view mirror; it was empty of any life, I focused on the road and beared the four hour drive to my beach house. ONE MORE CHAPTER! OMOG THIS IS SO EXCITING! Dracula: You use your Phantom of the Opera text language to celebrate one more chapter until you get to the 20 chapter of your Dracula 2000 fanfiction? Me: I am very complicated, don't ask again.[Chapter 20] I listened to the waves roll off the shore, watching the water glisten in the early morning light, thinking about immortal life as a vampire. I couldn't imagine myself as a bloodthirsty vampire; Dracula had told me that women tended to be worse at the beginning of immortal life. I didn't want to be like that, I didn't want to be what Dracula described as monstrous. I suddenly yearned for Dracula's presences, his arms around me, his voice cooing affectionately in my ear. My gaze flicked to the cell phone by my side, the voice of temptation encouraged me to call my loving vampire. I picked it up flipping through the names, stopping at the name, Nick, Dracula's public name, in case someone went through my phone and saw the name, they wouldn't suspect a bloodsucking vampire to be named Nick. I sighed and closed the phone; I couldn't call him, not now. I closed my eyes, imaging Dracula's pretty green eyes, they comforted me greatly. The rolling ocean waves and salty air also helped, I watched couples walk by on the beach, although it was my property, they walked by hand in hand in the sunlight, I wanted desperately to be walking in the sunlight, with Dracula, but I knew I would never experience it. I was happy that I had just Dracula, he was loving and caring, and it was obvious. I loved him very much, but I couldn't be a vampire, and I knew it, I didn't want to hurt him, but I didn't want to be a vampire. Things were so complicated; I just wanted to be with Dracula that was what I wanted. I didn't want him to go on after me, being miserable, and I didn't want him to end his life, I looked up through the glass panes at the slightly clouded sky, sighing. I was wearing down, becoming tired and worn out, all this complication and confusion, it was taking its toll on me. Why does this have to be so hard? I thought wearily, tears came to my eyes. I closed my eyes and let the tears fall, just letting them fall relieved my nerves. I needed to hear him. I picked the phone up and dialed Dracula's number. \"Hello?\" He asked. \"Hey, honey.\" I replied. Smiling as I heard Dracula's voice. \"Hello Annabel, I thought I wasn't going to hear from you until you returned.\" He said gently. \"Yeah, well, I missed hearing you.\" I told him. \"Likewise, what are you doing?\" He asked. \"I'm sitting in my sunroom, watching the ocean, OH a dolphin!\" I said, looking out across the ocean as a dolphin dorsal fin broke the surface of the water. \"I didn't know dolphins were up this far…\" I said, Dracula laughed a little, how I missed his laugh; it was what soothed me the most. \"Have you decided yet?\" He asked timidly. I looked down at my socked foot. \"I'm still unsure, Dracula. What do you want?\" I asked him \"Honestly?\" He asked in return. \"Please.\" I requested. \"No, I don't want to turn you Annabel, you need the sun too much and I couldn't find it in my heart to destroy you like that. The only reason I would turn you is if you wanted it.\" He said. \"Really, that takes a lot off of me, thanks to you, I've made my decision, is it alright if I stay here for a while, I really like the beach.\" I told him. \"Only if I can come there.\" Dracula replied. I smiled. \"Of course, I'll be welcome to have you in my home.\" I told him I could hear the smile in his voice. \"Then I'll be there tonight.\" He said simply. I wasn't about to ask him why, I knew Dracula had his ways. He would get here one way or another. CHAPTER TWENTY, WOOOOOO! LET'S HAVE A PARTY![Chapter 21] I sat in my sunroom, looking up at the stars, there was a thud and a dark figure showed up on my glass sun roof, Dracula was one for a dramatic entry. Dracula left the sun roof and went to my widow's watch balcony. I smiled and went inside, going up the stairs and out onto the balcony, Dracula stood there, in the moonlight, I walked up behind him. He turned, smiling at me, he didn't look his best, I frowned when I saw that. I didn't even know it was possible. \"You know what I found in my library the other day?\" I asked him as he wrapped his arms around me. \"What?\" He asked in reply. \"Dracula, it's so weird, did all that really happen?\" I asked him he laughed a little \"Yes.\" He voice was suddenly serious. I understand, he ripped a woman from the man she loved, I sighed heavily, finally having this weight off my shoulders was a great relief, looked out across the ocean, the moonlight reflecting off the ocean's surface. I looked at Dracula, his hair was hardly moved in the ocean breeze, while mine whipped around in the breeze, getting in my face and wrapping around my neck harmlessly. \"Do you gel your hair?\" I asked him, Dracula laughed. \"No.\" He said. \"That's weird Dracula.\" I told him. \"Oh what's new, I'm the Undead, everything I am is weird to you.\" He said simply. I took his hand and pulled Dracula downstairs, well, Dracula LET me pull him downstairs. \"Where are we going, Annabel?\" He asked. \"Just for a walk on the beach.\" I told him, leaving the house and going through the doorway and out onto the sand of the beach, the chill of the sand on my feet felt good, having Dracula by my side felt even better. The ocean water washed up on my feet, I continued walking by Dracula in silence. \"What did you do while I was gone?\" I asked Dracula. \"Nothing really.\" He said, I sighed contently. \"I just wish there was a way for us to be together, forever, without me being a vampire.\" I said quietly. Dracula heaved. \"You aren't the only one, my love.\" He said, he stuck is his hand in his pocket, relaxing immensely. I looked out across the ocean, my mind far off and distant, I closed my eyes and let Dracula lead me across the sandy beach. I leaned into him, he stopped, and held me to him. \"Because you don't want to be a vampire, we need to make every moment together worth it.\" He said I nodded in agreement. \"Totally.\" I said simply. \"Will you open your eyes Annabel?\" He asked me. \"Sure.\" I told him, opening my eyes. Dracula stepped away from me and kneeled in front of me, pulling a small box from his pocket. \"Annabel, will you marry me?\" He asked.[Chapter 22] This was what I wanted most, and I was still shocked, DRACULA WANTED ME TO MARRY HIM! \"OF COURSE!\" I said, jumping up and down hysterically, Dracula placed his hands on my shoulders to make me stop, he bent down and kissed me passionately. SO classic romance and precious I kissed back deeply. There we were, on the beach, the ocean breeze blowing Dracula's trench coat around me. He retreated. \"Here's a question, you can't go unto any holy ground, so-\" Dracula place a finger on my lips. \"I arranged everything while you were gone; I read your email to your parents. We're getting married in the garden, in which you worked so hard to make beautiful.\" He said I smiled at him. He picked me up off the ground and took me home. \"Now, time for you to go to bed and get some rest, I'm taking you home tomorrow you're going to be my wife as soon as possible.\" He told me, I wrapped my arms around his neck, groaning. \"I can sleep in the car, Dracula!\" I told him. He smirked. \"I don't believe in it.\" He told me. I groaned again. \"Dracula!\" \"You sound like a child.\" Dracula said. \"I don't wanna go to bed Daddy!\" I said sarcastically. Dracula laughed heartily, Taking me into the house and setting me down in the living room. \"Go get cleaned up, Annabel.\" He demanded. I pouted. Dracula sighed heavily, \"Listen, I'll lay down with you once you get to bed. Alright?\" He asked. I stomped my foot. \"Fine.\" I said and went into the master bedroom, getting my pajamas, sweat shorts and a black tank top, I crossed the hall into the bathroom and took a quick shower and went to bed, Dracula was in my room, looking at a family portrait of me and my family at Busch Gardens in Virginia. \"You are aware that you'll never be able to do that again. Right?\" Dracula asked me, taking the photo in his hands and looked deeply at my family. \"We could go at Howl-o-Scream, they stay open till Eleven.\" I told him. \"I admire your persistence. \" He said, looking at me from the corners of his eyes. I smiled at him gently. \"Thank You.\" I said, flopping down on the bed, Dracula set down the picture and sat down beside me, I looked at him and smiled, he returned that smile wearily, I looked at him with an even wearier look. \"What's wrong?\" I asked him. He frowned. \"Annabel, I'm an immortal being and you're a simple human, your life has a limit, I'm going to lose you, Annabel, I can't do a thing about it.\" I frowned deeply, his words cut me deeply, the pain in his voice brought tears to my eyes, which fell. Dracula came to my side, wiping the tears away. \"Annabel, please don't cry, I'm sorry we can't be together for as long as we both live, but-\" Dracula sighed heavily, \"Sometimes we can't-\" He paused again, he closed his eyes, clearly stressed, I looked up at the ceiling. Why, God, why are you doing this to him, has he not suffered enough? I prayed mentally. Tears slid down my cheeks, and sank into the bedding, I opened my eyes, looking at Dracula. He looked at me, a sad glint in his eyes. \"Hey, we're going to get married tomorrow, let's cheer up a bit and make my life what it's worth.\" I told him, he smiled and climbed into bed with me as I upturned the blankets and snuggled under. Dracula wrapped his arms around my shoulders and pulled me closer to him. I wished this could last to the last day of time. Okay, I've updated 3 times in the same day, including this chapter. Just to let certain people know.[Chapter 23] There are a lot of proposals going on in my stories, first my D2K, then my Original story, Old Ties, weird…. I awoke to the smell of bacon; my mouth watered as I left the master bedroom and went into the kitchen. \"Good Morning.\" Dracula, new my fiancé, I JUST LOVED that term, greeted. He handed me a glass of orange juice. I sipped it daintily; Dracula had his black clad back turned to me. \"Don't burn your hand this time.\" I said teasingly. \"Oh very cute, Annabel.\" He said. I laughed. \"Oh you know I'm playing Dracula.\" I told him, laying a hand on his shoulder, he looked at me, I smiled, at him lovingly. He bent down and kissed my neck, he had gained better control of himself in the past few weeks. I enjoyed every time his lips touched the flesh of my neck, it's just that, it's fairly seductive and exhilarating when it comes from him. I pulled away from him, he pulled me back. \"Dracula, there's food on the stove.\" I told him. \"Well, I can always turn it off.\" He replied. \"Um, well I can't come up with a comeback, but I'm hungry!\" I told him, he laughed and kissed my forehead, returning to the oven. I loved Dracula, so much, I can now hardly remember lie before him, bland and BORING, that was about it, the most exciting thing was a stranger walking into the little diner I worked at and…. that was IT, my life was boring. Dracula hustled around the kitchen, getting everything he needed as though in his own home, I looked at him oddly it was weird that he knew this, I wasn't thinking it, nor had I told him, why was I suspicious, this was Dracula. I smiled at the thought. I continued watching him he eventually, turned around with a plate of food, and handed it to me. I set down my orange juice and took the plate from him gratefully, I missed having Dracula cook for me, he was way better at it than me, AND he doesn't even eat, ironic much? I had missed Dracula, period. Dracula She sat and ate at theisland as I washed up the dishes; I missed this, even her smart remarks. I dried the dishes and put them away, feeling Annabel's sapphire eyes follow my every move. My time without Annabel wasn't pleasant, at all. I was miserable; I fought the urge to have Mary call Simon to kill me, constantly. Along with the urge to commit suicide, that was even harder. She had no clue, blissfully unaware of everything that had happened to me , I decided to keep it that way on my way here. I have no clue how I'll manage after she is gone, for good. Maybe, God will have mercy on me and take my life, but then again, maybe not, most likely not, if not with Mary, why Annabel? Because you hadn't met Annabel at that point in time. He kept you alive for specific reasons. An unfamiliar voice sounded in my mind. I pondered this and, honestly, it actually made sense. I looked towards Annabel, maybe she doesn't have to be an immortal being for us to be together until the end. Suddenly, I had an overwhelming sense of relief wash over me, how sweet the sensation was. Is is just me, or is this story coming to a close?[Chapter 24] Annabel I watched Dracula as he concentrated on the road, he was acting different in a good way, I liked it, he seemed more content. I changed the radio station, displeased with the outcome, I changed it again, Dracula's once peaceful face became disrupted and agitated. I stopped changing the radio stations, thinking it was aggravating him. \"It's not that Annabel, I'm just thinking.\" He said. \"Maybe you should stop thinking, since it agitates you so much.\" I said playfully. He smirked. \"It makes me mad that you have a point.\" He countered sarcastically. I smiled, but I dropped the smile. \"What are you thinking about?\" I asked him, he heaved a sigh. \"Everything that could go wrong,\" He said. \"Which happens to be a lot.\" He said I looked at him. \"It's not a lot, that one thing just happens to be a lot.\" I said. \"Yes and there's something else.\" He replied, despair in his voice was abyss like. I sighed heavily. \"What?\" I asked. \"If we get married, what if I stay alive after you die?\" He said. I hadn't thought about that. Then it hit me \"What did Van Helsing do to keep him alive for all those years?\" I asked him. \"He took my blood and- No, Annabel, that is not healthy, I, I\" He stuttered. \"You what?\" I asked him challengingly. \"I just don't think that's a good idea, Annabel, it became an addiction to Abraham.\" He said. \"I don't want to leave you Dracula, and I'm willing to do anything to stay with you.\" \"And if I'm not willing to give my blood.\" He said \"Then you lose me.\" I told him. \"You deal a hard bargain Annabel. Just let me think about it for a while and I'll let you know my answer, alright?\" He asked me gently. \"As long as you answer.\" I told him I reached behind in the back seat for a blanket and wrapped it around my shoulders. I closed my eyes and fell asleep. Dracula I glanced at her sleeping form every so often, thinking about what she said, what if God didn't kill me after Annabel was dead and gone? Annabel had a point, Abraham had kept himself alive for years by my blood, and surely, the same thing could work for her. \"Alright, Annabel, you win.\" I said. I pulled into a gas station to see if they had live leeches, usually used for fishing. I hated it when women stared at me, like I didn't notice; I kept my head down as much as possible, being a vampire agitated me at times. I saw the bait fridgerater and opened it, they had leeches, I sighed heavily, taking and opening a container, I saw the wiggling parasites, and thought that I wasn't any different from these creatures. I sighed again and closed the lid. \"What's wrong, sweetie?\" A female voice asked, I rolled my eyes. \"I have a fiancé, and she wouldn't appreciate it if she found out I was being flirted with.\" I said darkly, turning and giving her the evil eye. The gum chewing woman backed away from me. \"I didn't like the fishing type anyways.\" She said to herself. You wouldn't feel so attracted to me if you knew the real reason I was getting these damned things for. I thought hatefully. I paid for the leeches and left the store, getting into the car, I put the leech bag in the back seat and started the car, and Annabel was still sleeping peacefully. How I envied that about her, almost unbearable. She roused, opening her eyes slowly, \"Where are we?\" She asked sleepily. \"We're somewhere.\" I told her teasingly. \"Oh that really narrows it down, Dracula.\" She said, slapping my arm, I smiled and laughed, leaving the gas station. I returned my eyes to the road. \"I'm going back to sleep.\" Annabel announced. \"Sweet dreams.\" I told her simply. \"Don't tell me what to do.\" She said sarcastically. I smiled and switched lanes. I eventually pulled into Annabel's home town and I stopped, Annabel hadn't ate since she left the beach house. I roused Annabel. \"Wake up, Annabel.\" I told her. \"Well.\" She said ruptly. She unwrapped the blanket from around her and threw it in the back. \"What's in the bag?\" She asked, I sighed heavily. \"Leeches.\" I said, getting out of the car. Annabel followed close behind. \"You're going to do it?\" She asked eagerly. \"I wouldn't buy leeches if I wasn't going to do it.\" I told her. \"You don't seem happy about it.\" She said I sighed. \"I'm not, but losing you isn't going to be the best thing.\" I told her, her hand snaked around my arm, she seemed very much like a child at the moment. She clung to me as we entered the restaurant. We were seated at a booth and waited for the waitress to come. \"I'm glad you've decided to do this.\" She said, I looked out the window, I was still weary to the idea. \"In time I'll warm up to it, but I just don't like the idea, so please, don't talk about it.\" I told her, she nodded and looked around. \"What are you gunna say when they ask you for food?\" She asked me. \"I've already ate.\" I told her. She nodded again, she reached across the table and took my hand in her own, playing with my fingers innocently, I gazed at the ring on her finger, and the ring bound her to me. I looked at her deep blue eyes, she was absorbed with my hand, I suppose I did have a slight effect on her, she could easily snap out of it if in danger though. I smiled at her innocent game. The waitress came and gave us a menu, I glanced at Annabel as she ordered her drink. The waitress turned to me. I shook my head, saying; \"Nothing for me.\" I told her, the waitress gawked at me, Annabel cleared her throat agitatedly. The waitress left after Annabel gave her the evil eye. \"Dude, this is WAY better with you than Edward Cullen.\" Annabel said, laughing quietly, I joined her, she had confessed she had ONCE liked the Twilight series but got over it. She nearly died of embarrassment when she told me. I smiled at the memory of it. It was then I realized I wasn't going to give up an eternity with Annabel for anything.[Chapter 25] Finally, the day of the wedding was here, and I was getting into the wedding dress, I had no clue why Dracula liked the tight style, it was a torture device to get into. I lost my breath just getting the tight fabric past my thighs, and I AM NOT fat, WHAT SO EVER! I finally got the dress on, right as the sun was setting. Mary was putting my hair up in the flower pin that came with the dress. I stood sideways in front of the mirror. \"GOD I AM SKINNY! ITS UNNATURAL, DO YOU SEE THIS!\" I screamed, I saw Mary snickering in the mirror. \"Most of us would kill to have your body, Annabel.\" Mary told me. I groaned throwing my head back. I felt guilty, I was getting married instead of getting a PhD like I promised my parents, I couldn't bring myself to tell them that I wasn't at college. I looked wearily into the mirror, Mary gazed at my reflection curiously. \"What's wrong?\" She asked, I sighed heavily, \"My parents think I'm at college and NOT getting married to a vampire, well no one knows I'm getting married to a vampire but the two of us and Dracula.\" I said, my voice full of sadness. I glanced out the window, I saw Dracula, the preacher, and Chase, who was best man. I smiled as I watched Dracula converse with Chase nervously. Even if he's a vampire, you know he's nervous. I smiled at the thought. \"Well, I need to go down the aisle, you know when to start walking, right?\" Mary asked. \"Of course.\" I told her. I watched her leave. I returned my gaze to my reflection, I remembered my mother's remarriage, I looked a lot like her, the dress was different, and there wasn't a smiling five year old behind me, ready to do her duty as the flower girl. I looked out to the garden, Mary was half way down the aisle, so I took up my bouquet, sucking in a breathe, I went to the aisle, Dracula's eyes met mine, I was, once again, breathless, Dracula looked wonderful in a suit. I wanted to just run to that freaking flower arrangement that was the altar and get this done and over with. BUT NO, I had to do this with dignity, grr. The march seemed to take forever, but FINALLY the moment I have been waiting for had finally arrived, I finally met Dracula at the flower altar, Dracula smiled at me lovingly, and I THOUGHT I was immune to that affection glimmering in the depths of his green eyes, still made me shaky in the knees. I have never mentioned it, but shaky knees is only one of the many side effects to Dracula's smiles, most definitely his affectionate smile. I returned his smile lovingly, Dracula took my hand affectionately I almost lost train of thought when I saw that look on his face, triumphant, happy, overjoyed. Never, had I seen such an expression of his face, even after all these months. The preacher went through the wedding speech, asking Dracula if would take me as his wife, for as long as we both live, I winced at the mere mention of 'as long as we both shall live.' I waited patiently for my turn to vow, and as it came, my heart raced, faster and faster, I thought my heart would explode it was beating so fast. And when that time came my heart stopped. \"I do.\" I said simply, the words came out as a squeak, Dracula laughed. I smiled as he laughed, blushing deeply. \"Exchange rings.\" The preacher told us, I clutched the simple iron band, and slipped the ring on Dracula's ring finger, and while he slipped my ring finger, my heart, at the time had returned to a normal rate, started to flutter. \"You may kiss the bride.\" I almost started bouncing, Dracula leaning in and kissed me tenderly, that was no doubt the most amazing kiss that I'd ever received from Dracula. DRACULA: THANK YOU! Me: Hehe, well there you have it, marriage. EVERYONE HAPPY![Chapter 26] Hey, what's up people! I guess you're wondering why I decided to continue this story. I will tell you now, I don't know. I just don't like the end of this story. So let's see where I go with this! :D ","Summary":" I was waking from sleep when I saw a bat on my bed, staring right at me, I jumped and screamed. \"B"},{"Movie":"Dracula 2000","Title":"His Betrayers' Daughter","Author":"hisdarkprincess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2467955","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One The Dream He was always there, there in her dreams. There was never a night when she didn't dream about him. They never really frightened her like they did her friends. Every night they were different. One was never repeated…except tonight. This one seemed familiar. She'd seen it before, but not as a dream. No, it was his story. She was meeting her friends later at Starbucks. As she did every morning.[Chapter 2] ChapternTwo State ofnShock \"What do you mean younhad the same dream?\" Feri asked blankly. \"I mean that thenstory I told you yesterday is the same as the one today.\" Ashley, Tiff and Ferinjust sat there trying to believe what they had just heard. She hadnhad the same dream two times in a row. Impossible, she never had thensame dream two times in a row. Yet it is possible, for it finallynhappened. They were in shock. Finally Morgan brokenthe silence. \"He'll come for me.\" She didn't mean to saynthis aloud, but more to herself. \"What? What do younmean 'he'll come for you'? Who are you talking about?\" Tiffnasked; now very confused. \"I'm sorry I havento go.\" Ashley began to saynsomething but Morgan interrupted \"I can't explain right now. nBye.\" After their friend hadnleft Ashley spoke up. \"What is wrong with her? She is kind ofnscaring me.\" \"Me too,\" exclaimednTiff. \"Me three,\" Ferinsaid. \"Maybe we should investigate? Ashley your clearly thenclosest to her so you should see if you can get her to tell younanything. K?\" \"K. Sounds great. Inthink I'm gonna' go I'll talk to you guy tomorrow. See ya atnhome Tiff.\"[Chapter 3] ChapternThree The Effect Morgan hurried off tonher apartment. She had to figure out anway to hide from him. If he knew she had completely hidden her truenidentity he would be so pissed off. How could she hide fromnhim? She could just actnnormal. He probably couldn't smell a difference anymore, becausenit had been so long since she was her true self. It had been almostnone hundred years, literally. There was a knock onnthe door, which startled her. What if it was him? She reached outnshakily for the handle, and slowly turned the knob. She gasped. Itnwas only Ashley. \"Are you all right? nYou look scared to death.\" \"I thought it mightnme someone else.\" \"Who else could itnbe? You only really hang out with me, Tiff and Feri.\" \"I thought it wasngoing to be someone I was dreading to see.\" Morgan's eyes gotnreal cloudy; she was traveling through the sky when a planenappeared. She went right thru the pilot's compartment and stoppednin front of a man. It was him. Where was he going? Then a stewardessngot on the intercom, \"We have about half an hour left before wenreach New York City. There will be some slight turbulence butnnothing to worry about.\" He was on his way tonNew York. He had found out where she lived, but how? \"Morgan, snap out ofnit.\" Ashley was shaking her very roughly. \"Morgan? MORGAN?\" Her eyes cleared andnshe looked at Ashley in wonder. \"Stop! Why are you shaking me?\" \"Oh god, thank you.\"n She hugged Morgan so tight that she couldn't breathe. \"What is wrong?\" nMorgan was very confused. \"Your eyes got allncloudy and then after a minute you started saying 'No…no…nonhe's coming t-to New York.' Who is he and, if this is about thensame guy that is in your dreams, why does he scare you so much now?\" \"Ashley I have tontell you some things.\"[Chapter 4] ChapternFour Proof \"The last thing Intell you, you have to believe me. Promise me you'll believe me.\" Confusedly Ashleynanswered, \"I promise?\" \"k. About what justnhappened to me. I had a vision…\" \"A vision. What?\" \"Stop interrupting. nYes, a vision. The man in my dreams is real and I know him.\" \"How in the hell. nHow do you know this man? I am so confused.\" \"I can't explainnhow I know him right now or how it is even possible, but the thing isnhe is coming to New York because of me. He is after me.\" \"k? I'm kinda'nfreaked out now, but tell me what else you have to tell me. I'mnprepared and I promise I will…believe you.\" \"Ashley this is anvery important secret and you cannot tell anyone or you risk mynlife.\" She paused. Then continued: \"I'm…a…Nosferatu. nAlso know as a vampire.\" Ashley startednlaughing, \"What? You're a vampire. I'm sorry but I just can'tnbelieve it. That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard.\" \"You have to believenme. If you don't I can prove it to you, but I really don't knownif I should. It might make it easier for him to find me.\" \"If you can provenyourself please do because I'm not convinced that you're anvampire.\" \"k, here I go.\" nHer eyes changed quickly from deep brown encircled by white, to justnpure crimson red. And her I-teeth pointed then grew about a half anninch longer into fangs. She now looked like a vampire. Then just asnquickly as she had transformed she was back to normal. Her eyes werenonce again deep brown encircled by white and her I-teeth short andnstraight instead of pointed. Ashley had fallen overnin fright and Morgan was trying to help her up but she refused tontake her hand. \"Ashley take my hand. I won't hurt you Inpromise. I haven't…how should I say this…I haven't…fednmyself for almost one hundred years. I swear I won't hurt you. nTrust me.\" Ashley reluctantly tooknMorgan's hand and stood. \"I'm… sorry I d-didn't…believenyou.\" \"It's perfectlynfine. I just need you to keep quite about it and help keep menprotected. You must. I told you because I trust you the most out ofnall my friends. Can you help me?\" \"Yes, of course. Honlong do we have?\" \"Well in my visionnthere was a half an hour till they reached New York. And it takesnabout 20 minutes to get here from the airport so we probably havenabout 25 minutes. What are we going to do?\" \"The first thing isnwhat are his weaknesses?\"[Chapter 5] Chapter Five Unwanted Company \"Your going to help me?\" \"Yeah. I promised didn't I?\" \"True, but still I figured-\" Ashley cut her off, \"We don't have time. Once again, what are his weaknesses?\" Reluctantly Morgan answered her, \"You know regular vampire weaknesses, Christian things. And silver of course.\" \"Figures. But I never understood the silver thing\". \"Well That's personal. I'll explain later,\" she said desperatly. \"Right. How much time do we have left.\" \"Well it's been 20 minutes, so he could be here any moment.\" As she finished the sentence there came a knock on the door. She peered through the peep hole, \"It's him.\" She rushed to her friend's side, and grabbed her arm. \"Be prepared for a jolt.\" Within seconds they went from standing in the middle of Morgan's living room to infront of Ashley's apartment door. \"H-h-ow did y-you do th-that?\" Ashley asked; obviously very confused. \"It's this whole powers thing I have. I'll explain later. Just get inside.\" When they walked in they were greeted by Tiff, \"Hey you guys! What are you doing here?\" \"Hiding,\" Ashley said; getting a big sush from Morgan in return. \"What? Hiding? From who?\" Tiff asked; very confused. Morgan very quietly answer her, \"My father.\" \"What?\" They both asked in unison. Then Ashley continued, \"We're hiding from your father? Why? He's your fahza.\" \"Ashley! There's no time for joking. Like I was saying he's not just my father he's Vladimir. You know, Vladimir the impaler?\" Ashley and Tiff look at her cluelessly. \"Vlaidimir the Impaler. Also known as Count Dracula.\" Ashley gasped as Tiff asked, \"So your father's a-a vampire.\" \"Yeah. And so am I. Surprise,\" she said with a very faulty laugh. Shocked; Tiff just stared at Morgan for a moment, then glanced at Ashley who was smirking inscesently, \"You know don't you? How long have you known? Ashley, how long have you known? TELL ME?\" She screamed. \"Tiff! She hasn't even known half an hour,\" Morgan said; sticking up for Ashley. \"Morgan you stay out of this,\" Tiff snapped. \"NO TIFFANY! I DON'T HAVE TO STAY OUT THIS CUZ' YOU FIGHTING OVER ME!\" But Tiff and Ashley were too into their argument to pay attention to her. \"I didn't want to have to do this but since you won't listen to me I have no choice,\" Morgan said to herself. All of a sudden both, Tiff and Ashley, were hovering about 7 feet above the ground and were screaming, (a/n: Tiff and Ashleys' town house has high ceilings). Then they just dropped, landing with a thud on the wooden floors. \"Hey? What just happened?\" Tiff asked; sounding shaken. \"You guys weren't listening to me so I intervened to get your attention.\" \"Dude! You did that?\" An amazed Ashley asked. \"Yeah! See,\" she lifted off the ground, hovered, then... KNOCK KNOCK Tiff and Ashley gasped and then looked around the room trying to figure out where Morgan had gone; she had dissapeared. \"Morgan? Where are you?\" Ashley called out quietly. Then they heard a voice, \"I'm infront of the door. Now shh.\" She glanced out of the peep hole, IT WAS HIM! She gasped. \"What?\" Ashley and Tiff asked in unison. She reappeared in between the two of them making them both jump. \"It's him! It's him! My father! It's...Dracula\" \"Oh My Gosh what are we gonna do?\" Ashley squeaked. \"Okay, here's the plan,\" Morgan began, when another set of knocking rapped on the door. She continued, \"I'm your dog. My names' Meggie and I'm a Toy Poodle. Got it\" \"Think so. But how are we going to pull that off?\" Ashley asked. \"We don't have a dog,\" Tiff added. \"I'm a vampire, remember? I can transform. See,\" one moment she was Morgan the vampire and the next she was \"Meggie\" their Toy Poodle. 'I hope this works,' Morgan thought. Ashley walked up to the door and grabbed the handle. KNOCK KNOCK 'Damn he's bull-headded,' Ashley thought. As she opened the door a strange sensation fell upon the room. Too bad Morgan was the only one who really sensed it. He walked right in. He was dressed in black boots, black pants and a black shirt. and on top of that he also wore a black trenchcoat. He had black, curly, chin-length hair and crimson eyes. Ashley could definately tell that he and Morgan were related. Tiffany, who had moved to the couch, said, \"Sir? May we help you?\"[Chapter 6] HEY how are my ppl? i am grand and i hope you are too. this story is totally going good. i luv it so much. it and Erik's Big Secret are probably my 2 best stories. !YAY! Well i'm going to type so i don't lose my ideas. R/R AND ENJOY x8dhisdarkprincessx8d Chapter Six Captured \"I'm here for Morgan,\" he said, a very eerie tone in his voice. As he spoke Ashley and Tiffany both noticed his very pointed I-teeth. \"Meggie\" noticed them too. 'Damn. hopefully he doesn't try to use them,' she thought. \"Umm, sir? We don't know a Morgan,\" Ashley said. But this comment didn't help, he saw right through her deception. \"Of course you do,\" he replied. And then he walked up to \"Meggie\" and said, \"She's right here.\" After that comment Morgan quickly transformed back to her original being, \"Why you gotta be like that?\" \"Like--what?\" he replied. \"You show up, uninvited, in which threatens my life, my friends lives and your life. And then for some reason you can see right through my disguise. How in the hell did you know it was me in that dog disguise?\" \"By how you smell.\" he said with a smirk, taking in a big whiff of her scent. \"You still smell very much like a vampire, my princess.\" \"Well how did you get here? It's still daylight outside.\" \"When I left England, it was dark. And I then materialized from the airport to your apartment, which you fled. Then from your apartment to here. As you can see I'm not that stupid.\" Tiffany piped up, \"Well if you materialized here why did you have to take a plane?\" \"That is a very good question my dear,\" he said walking towards Tiffany, reaching out his hand for hers. \"Don't, Touch, Her,\" Morgan said, steping between her friends and her father before Tiffany had the chance toreact to his offer. \"Why do you not allow me to touch her?\" he asked, sounding hurt. \"You may be my father, butI still do not trust you with humans. Especially my friends.\" \"That hurts my feelings.\" he paused. \"Wait. You haven't bitten them yet?\" \"What do you mean by yet?\" Ashley said, finally getting her voice back. \"She was supposed to bite all the humans she could,\" he said, pushing Morgan to the side so he could look Ashley directly in the eyes. \"But it looks like she betrayed me.\" He spun around and backslapped Morgan as hard as he could, sending her flying into the wall on the opposite side of the room. She slowly arose from the floor. \"How, Dare, You, Touch, Me!\" she screamed running straight at him. Then quickly she slammed on the brakes. \"What are you doing?\" she asked, fear in her tone. He had pulled Ashley infront of him and pointed an abnormally sharp pinky finger nail at her throat. (if you haven't seen Darcula 2000, he cuts his neck open with his pinky finger nail (so...Yea! Its a dangerous weapon)) \"If you take one step closer, I will slit her throat.\" \"Daddy, what do you think you are doing?\" she asked. \"I'm going to do what you won't,\" he replied, but it didn't phase her. \"Why are you so stuck on me not following your orders?\" she took a step foward. She was about 4 meters away from him. 'If only I could get closer,' she thought. \"I saw that step. Don't think I didn't see that step.\" \"Daddy, just let her go and we can talk about this,\" she said, pertinently. She took another step, this time bigger then the last. \"No!\" he yelled. \"Now Daddy, please,\" she pouted. She took another step. \"At least drop your hand. PWEASE?\" Slowly he lowered his hand. At that moment, she charged him . . . POOF He was gone, leaving Tiff and Morgan alone in the room. \"Damn. He materialized,\" she said, very angrily. \"What are we going to do about Ashley?\" Tiff asaked, worriedly. \"Fear for her life.\" i totally hope you ppl like. i know its kinda short. i couldn't help it. you find out what happens to Ashley in the one of the next two chappies. i think u guys are going to totally luv it. i hope so. well i luv ya my ppl, ENJOY![Chapter 7] Chapter Seven Were Has He Taken Me? Ashley's POV I remember landing on my ass really hard, and then I passed out for like 2 hours. When I woke up, he was in front of me, pacing. He didn't notice me wake so I listened to him talking to himself...or so it seemed. Little did I know there was another visitor standing right behind me. Still Ashley's POV[Chapter 8] Chapter Eight The talk with his Daughter He appered in front of her friends' apartment door once more and knocked gently. Morgan saw it was him and threw open the door and started yelling at him, \"What do you think you are doing here? Do think it is wise to show your face here right now?\" then she paused and looked around the hallway. \"Where is Ashley?\" she walked over to the couch and sat down, he followed her, and stood behind her. \"You didn't dispose of her, did you?\" \"No, of course not. Even though she is not a vampire, I would never hurt one of your friends.\" \"Oh yeah? Were was that rule 600 years ago. Remember, in Russia, I had another non-vampire friend. I'm sure you would remember Sasha. You said that exact same thing. But when you saw him and he was all by himself you go and you try to make him join us. But did he know about me being a vampire? NO! So you kill him. He was my first true friend. And the bad thing was, I was going to tell him and ask him if he wanted to join us. But NO, you had to take matters into your own hands. And that pisses me off Vladimir.\" He tried to make a comment but she wouldn't let him speak. \"NO you will not talk until I am finished. Now also, do you remember in Germany, about 350 years ago? Probably, because you seemed so proud of yourself then. You had a new wife and then she got killed. And you were so depressed, like you always are when you loose one of your hundreds of wives. But this one seemed so special to you. And I know why. Becuase you felt bad for killing my best friend. I'm am sure you still remember her name too. Well?\" \"Her name was...Mina.\" he said, with a depressing sigh. \"Exactly. And you were only depressed about that, because a second friend of mine had died under your fault. And then I still have two more people we haven't talked about yet.\" \"Please don't continue. I get the point.\" \"No, I don't think you do. And besides Tiffany deserves to hear this too, since it is also her friends' live who is at stake here. Now lets continue. Oh yeah, remember this is what made me decide to forget all about you, it was the last straw. About 120 years ago in Japan? And I am so positive that you still know their names too. They were?\" \"Yes I do still remember. Their names were...Kioko, she was very kind to me. And then there was also, Akira. He was very weary of me.\" \"And for good reason too. And he almost killed you in the process of you killing his sister. And the only reason you killed them, was because they figured it out themselves. They figured out what I was and who you were. So you offered them a place with us and they denied you, so you killed them, so they wouldn't spread your secret. But what you didn't know, was that they had already talked to me and told me that they would take our secrets to their graves. But since you have to always take matters into your own hands,you killed them for no good reason. So don't say that you would never hurt my friends wether they are vampires or not. Because that is a straight out lie.\" She glared at him as she tried to catch her breath. Then all of a sudden he went from looking depressed and sorry to his normal self, very cocky and deceptive. \"Oh Morgan. Are you okay? You look absolutly famished. Because I believe you said you haven't fed for over a hundred years. Am I correct? or am I correct?\" \"That is true. I am so... Wait you will not get me that easily.\" she screamed. \"Tiffany don't listen to him. If he can't get me, he'll try for you.\" but she was too late. Tiffany had already started walking towards him. She reached for her friend's arm to pull her back. But he rushed at her, and punched her hard in the face, sending her to the floor, nose bleeding. He then grabbed Tiff's arm and with a small puff of smoke they were gone. \"Damn. He got another one. Now it's time to call in back-up!\" she said quietly, to helself. Then she let out a loud, but silent screech.[Chapter 9] Chapter Nine They arrive and the truth is Told Moments later, with a puff of smoke, three people appeared. \"Oh you guys!\" she said, as she hugged each one of them. \"Oh, Levi! Kris! Sasha!\" She hugged them all again. \"It is so good to see you all again!\" \"We haven't talked in so long. I was afraid someone finally did you in.\" Levi said. \"I missed you,\" and he hugged her. (a/n: Morgan, Levi, Kris& Sashawere all really close friends. and she hasn't talked to eeny of them for like 200-300 years. so... they r all really happee to see each other(so they all hug alot (srry))) \"Morgan. Long timeno see,\"Sasha replied, and he hugged her also. Then Kris (a/n: yes, Kris, is a girl) walked up to her and kissed her once on each cheek, and said, \"I was going to look for you, but I had to go into hiding. I had a slayer on my trail. I was so happy when I heard you call. I finally got to leave that same damn room 15 years later.\" she stopped and looked at her friend carefully. \"Morgan, you look absolutely famished. When was the last time you ate anything?\" \"It has been about 100 years, since I last had a suitable meal.\" She replied, wearily. \"And I think it is finally starting to take a toll on me. I have used too many of my powers in one night for someone who has only drank small amounts of their own blood over the past hundred years.\" she sat down shakily.Sasha walked up to her, got down on his knees and exposed his neck, \"I don't know why you called us here tonight, but I know we won't find out unless you revive yourself.\" He looked up at her, \"Just don't drink too much.\" \"Thank you Sasha!\" she smiled at him. \"Your a life saver, literally.\" Then moments later, her fangs sunk into the soft flesh of his neck. A few minutes later, she pulled away, a drop of blood running down her chin. She then spoke, \"Mmmmmmmmm... delicious. I never realized you tasted so good. Not even the day I bit you for the first time.\" She paused, remembering the past. \"Sorry, I was thinking. Now where were we?\" \"You're going to tells us why you called.\" Levi said. \"Oh, yea! I am so mad at him.\" \"At who?\"Kris asked. \"My father! Who else do you expect? Once again he has taken two of my non-vamp friends hostage. He is probably going to kill them, too.\" she paused, as a tear slid down her cheek. Levi sat down next to her and wrapped his arms around her in a comforting manner. She leaned into the crook of his neck and began sobbing. \"How can he keep doing this?\" Levi asked out loud. \"Hasn't he tortured you enough doing the same thing with four of your other non-vamp friends?\" \"He can never be satisfied. You know that Levi,\"Sasha said. \"I know. But you'd think it would be different with his own daughter. You'd actually think he'd care about her feelings. And not want to make her cry, and hate his guts!\" He said angrily. \"He has no heart. Everybody knows that,\"Kris brought up. Morgan, finally lifted up her head, and replied, defending her father, \"Well he used too. But that was over sixteen-hundredyears ago. When I was little and my mom was still alive. Before he was Dracula. Then he was still Judas. Judas Iscariot.\" Remembering her father, how he used to be before Dracula, made her return her head to the crook of Levi's neck and begin crying again. Levi patted her gently on the back. Finally, after a long while, Morgan had cried herself to sleep in Levi's arms. He gently picked her up and carried her to the closest bedroom, and laid her down to sleep. Then he returned to the living room where the others were waiting. \"She'll be asleep for a while. So lets try to put together a sensible plan while she sleeps. And we can tell it to her tomorrow when she wakes up, to see if she likes it. So...Shall we?\"[Chapter 10] Chapter Ten A New Vampire Added To The Group She woke up with a jump, surprised to be in a bedroom at Ashley's. She remembered falling asleep in Levi's arms crying. 'Oh well, he must have moved me intothis room afterI fell asleep,' she thought. She paused and listened. She heard the whispers of her friends. She smiled, got up and walked into the main room, where her friends were conversing. \"Oh, Morgan. I'm so happy you're finally awake!\" Kris said very excitedly, sounding almost relieved. Sasha was the next to talk, \"We've been working on a plan.\" 'OoO, I want to hear.\" She exclaimed. And so they all sat down and explained it to her. He appeared in the cemetery, and so Ashley and Mary ceased talking to each other, and Mary spoke to him. \"Where is she? I though that you were going to get her and bring her back?\" \"She wouldn't listen,\" he said eerily. \"So I took her friend.\" as he said that he stepped to the side to reveal a very scared Tiffany. \"You BASTARD!\" Ashley yelled. \"Just for that, I'll kill her in front of you.\" he leaned down towards Tiff's throat, fangs barred when... \"Wait!\" Ashley yelled. \"Don't kill her. Take me instead.\" she said quietly, dropping her head. He placed his hand under her chin and pulled her head up so she looked him in the eyes. \"You know what, Mary? I think this one would make a great addition to the family, don't you?\" \"Yes,I think she would, Vladimir. She obviously loves her friends more than her own life. So why kill her, when you can condemn her? Honestly!\" \"Well then lets give her the choice.\" He pushed her away and she turned to face him. \"So what will you choose?\" he asked. \"Death or a quick bite on the neck?\" \"Neither!\" she said, almost screaming it. \"I'd rather just live, but I kinda figured it wouldn't be a choice. So what ever. I don't care anymore.\" \"So you wouldn't care ifI decided to kill you?\" he asked. \"No. Cuz' dying is quicker,\" she said dryly. \"Well then, hmmmm... I choose a quick bit on the neck.\" He reached out his hand for hers and turned on his \"magic.\" But nothing happened. she just stood there looking at him. \"Well are you going to bite me or not?\" \"Well, you have to take my hand first.\" \"Why?\" she asked. \"It's just how I work. So just take my hand already!\" \"FINE!\" and she grabbed his hand. And in a split second he drew her close to him and sank his fangs into the soft flesh of her neck. She gasped. And once he was finished he laid her down gently on the ground, and sat next to her, awaiting her waking. +back with Morgan and her friends+[Chapter 11] Chapter Eleven Explinations \"What do you mean 'She's been bitten!'\" Feri asked, very confused. \"Okay. Well everything I told you is true. But I kinda left out a little bit, I'll explain what later. But first I want you to meet my friends. First we have Sasha, age...\" \"1221! Nice to meet you.\" Sasha stated. \"Then there's Kris, age...\" \"963! Pleased to meet you as well.\" Kris replied. And then Levi! He's the same age as me. We grew up together.\" \"I'm 1312. Lovely to make your aquantence.\" Levi explained. \"That can't be true! That can't be true! That's not possible...is it!\" \"Yes it is,\" Morgan explained. \"We're all vampires.\" \"This is just like something out of a horror film. You not gonna suck my blood are you? PLEASE DON'T SUCK MY BLOOD!\" \"Feri calm down! Don't judge vampires unless you know them. You know me, so you should trust me...whether I'm a vampire or not.\" Morgan explained. \"Okay? I trust you but how do I react to them?\" They're my friends and I expect you to treat them like they're your friends too. Trust me you'll want them on your side in the end of this. As long as you trust them and respect them, they'll protect you with their lives.\" \"What do they need to do that for?\" \"We have to get Ashley and Tiffany back.\" \"From who?\" \"Dracula!\" Morgan said. \"Are you serious! The Dracula? ! Oh My Gosh! This is so exciting!\" \"How is this exciting!\" Morgan screamed. \"My father is very dangerous and just condemned Ashley! Who knows what he might do to Tiffany!\" \"HE'S YOUR FATHER! He is like my idol that I look up to when I write my stories!\" She said excitedly. \"Well when you meet Dracula, he will never be your idol again.\" Levi explained. \"He's a bastard and a friend murderer!\" \"Levi calm down!\" Morgan said. \"She'll figure it out on her own. It's not that difficult. She just doesn't have history with him yet...that's all. But she soon will. Now that she knows about him and us, it won't be long before he tries to kidnap her too. But we have to prevent that.\" \"How? The plan we came up with, won't work now. Unless you want Ashley to stay condemned.\" Sasha explained. \"Well then we'll just have to think of a new one. We can't give up. I will not loose more friends to him.\" she paused. \"...I'VE GOT IT!\"[Chapter 12] Chapter Twelve The New Guy \"None of these plans are gonna work!\" Morgan screamed. \"I guess that means I have to find him,\" Sasha said to himself. \"Who is \"he?\" Kris asked. \"He's one of my really old friends. I've known him longer than any of you guys. He is without dobt the smartest vampire I've ever known.\" \"When can he be here?\" Morgan asked desperately. \"Are you sure we can trust him?\" Levi asked. \"Of course we can! Why would you doubt that Levi?\" He was silent. \"Who cares what he has to think! He'll probably end up betraying us anyway!\" Sasha yelled. \"You guys STOP!\" Kris said, stepping between the two. \"Why are you guys fighting? And why are you second guessing Sasha, Levi? What is that all about, Honestly?\" \"I just don't think it wise to bring anybody in we don't know. That's all. Sorry, it's just how I feel.\" Morgan looked at him like he was crazy, \"If Sasha can trust him, we should be able to trust him too. That's what friends do.\" \"I just don't trust him, sorry.\" Levi stated blatently. \"Well I'm starting to not trust you! Morgan, keep on trying to strategize a plan. I'll try to return as quickly as I can, hopefully him with me.\" and with a quick hug good-bye he was gone. XxX A week passed by and there was still no new, workable plan, or a sight or sound from Sasha and the Mystery Man! \"Kris, I'm worried about Sasha! He's still gone and we haven't heard a single word from him!\" \"What are you talking about? I'm right here!\" He walked up to Morgan and hugged her. \"I'm so glad you're...Wait...where's Mystery Man?\" \"I knew you were gonna say that. He'll be here sometime today. And, just to warn you, he doesn't get out much so... don't do anything weird!\" he directed towards Levi. Morgan butted in, filling up the empty space. \"I'm totally psyched 'bout meeting your friend. I have been waiting all week and now when I finally get to meet him, I don't even know his name.\" It's same as mine.\" \"Sasha?\" Kris blurted. \"NO! Sasha is just another form of my real name. It's really...\" Just then the room filled with smoke. Once it cleared, there was a tall man, dressed in all black. Black jeans, and ablack tee covered by a black leather jacket. He also had spiked black hair, and a pair of scuffed combat boots. Saha walked up to him and gasve him a hearty handshake and then motioned for him to approach Morgan. \"I would would like you to meet one of my good friends.\" Sasha said. \"Morgan meet Alexander Sterling. Alexander meet Morgan Elliott.\" she reached out to shake hands, but instead of shaking back, he kissed her hand gently. \"Hello Alexander. I have heard alot about you. Its finally nice to put the face with the name.\" \"Well when Sasha explained your problem, I knew I should help. So...here I am!\" he said with a faulty laugh. \"Well, we all thank you greatly for coming. I would also like you to meet Kris and Levi.\" She said pointing theother two out. \"Now, please come and sit down. make yourself at home.\" After being seated, Morgan spoke again. \"So Alexander, I was wondering, have you had any ideas. Cuz' we are all high and dry.\" \"Actually, as I was on my way over here I thought of an idea, that just might work.\" \"Shoot away!\" After what seemed like an hour, he finnished his very detailed description of his plan. Morgan was the first to speak, \"WOW! That could actually work! And Ashley will then become mortal again, correct?\" \"Yes.\" he said. \"So when will we be able to pull it off?\" Sasha asked. \"It could take a week or a month. It just depends on how long and hard you guys are willing to work.\" \"Well, lets get started!\" Kris said excitedly.[Chapter 13] 1Chapter Thirteen The Betrayer It had been almost three days since they first began work for the plan. Since it was Alexander's plan; he, of course, was the one in charge. Everyone did what they were told and gave 100% effort… well… everyone but Levi. He was still having trouble trusting Alexander. On several accounts Morganapproached Levi, asking him questions about it trying to help, but it only furthered his aggravation. But the most recent disagreement sent him running out of the apartment. XxX \"Levi, can I talk to you really quickly?\" Morgan asked, waving him into a bedroom. \"Yes?\" he said rudely. \"What is your problem?\" she asked briskly. \"Why does it matter? And anyway, why do you care?\" \"What does that mean?\" \"I see how you look at him,\" he said angrily. \"Who?\" \"Alexander, who else?\" he said hatefully. \"That doesn't mean anything.\" she said, tears forming in her eyes. \"Of course it does.\" \"What then? What does it mean?\" she asked, tears now streaming down her cheeks. \"You know,\" he yelled. \"That doesn't mean I love him Levi!\" she said grabbing his hand. He pulled away. \"Well then if it's not him that you love, who is it?\" \"I don't know why you have to ask that. Do you really not know?\" He didn't respond. \"I hope this will clarify,\" she stepped closer and kissed him passionately. When she pulled away he just glared at her. \"I love you .\" She said it so quietly, it was almost inaudible. \"I love you too.\" he said, placing his hand under her chin, making her look him in the eyes. \"Can we go back now? Alexander and the others need our help.\" \"There you go again! Why do you always talk about him?\" \"Why do you not trust him?\" \"Why do I have too,\" he asked sitting down on the bed. \"Because he's our only hope.\" she said sitting next to him. \"And if we can't all get along and work together it might take longer to get Ash and Tiff back then we expect. All I want is my friends back… unharmed.\" \"And say they do come back, perfectly fine. What are you going to do about Dracula and Alexander?\" \"I haven't really thought about it. I guess since Dracula is my father I can sit down and talk to him and…\" Levi interrupted. \"Why don't you just sit down with him now? Then we wouldn't have had to bring Alexander here with his stupid plan.\" \"Levi, you're starting to scare me! Last thing I remember was you thought I should get revenge on my father. Why change your mind all of a sudden?\" \"Because of Alexander.\" \"I can't believe you,\" she said amazed. \"You're jealous!\" \"No I'm not! I just don't trust him, that's all!\" he said trying to hide his embarrassment. \"Well if you don't want to help me then leave.\" \"But I do want to help.\" \"Then you're going to have to work with Alexander. There's no other way.\" \"Why? Can't you figure out something else without him?\" No Levi, I can't. Why can't you be okay with this?\" He stood, \"Because I don't want to loose you to him !\" \"You don't have to worry Levi, you don't.\" \"But I do. I love you Morgan, I want you to know that.\" And he bent down and kissed her on the forehead. \"Good-bye,\" and he turned to leave. \"Levi, don't go!\" she screamed, fresh tears now falling. He turned to face her, anger now playing on his face. \"Morgan just let me go,\" he roared, then stormed out of the room and then the apartment. \"Levi,\" Morgan whispered several times though sobs and sliding off the bed to her knees. Everyone heard the commotion, of course, and looked through the bedroom door to see a sobbing Morgan sitting on the floor. Kris started to run in to comfort her but got a sharp command from Alexander before she could, \"Go back to work!\" \"But Alexander…\" she stuttered. \"Go back to work!\" he said, nicer this time. \"I'll handle it.\" And so Kris reluctantly went back to her job and Alexander approached Morgan, placing his hand on her shoulder. She shrugged away from him, and so he sat down next to her on the floor. \"Morgan, what's wrong?\" he asked gently. \"He left me,\" she said, her old tears quickly being replaced with fresh ones. It was quiet for a moment when suddenly she wrapped her arms around his neck and began sobbing once again. Alexander, not knowing what to do, carefully wrapped his arms around her.[Chapter 14] 1Chapter Fourteen Back to the Cemetery That night clouds gathered, and the moon disappeared. Levi stepped onto the street, the cold air catching his breath. He shrugged away the chill and started the long night's search for the 'Father of his Kind.' XxX \"Vlad, she's waking.\" He approached Ashley and smirked. She smiled back, her pointed teeth and crimson eyes shining brightly against her pale, milky skin. \"Excellent. The process is complete.\" He held out his hand, \"Come my love, we need to talk. Mary watch the other, but do not lay a hand on her. I have plans.\" \"Yes, Vlad.\" Then Ashley and Vladimir disappeared into the darkness. XxX The night was slowly coming to an end and Levi still hadn't found the right cemetery. Although there were still several other cemetery's on the list that needed to be searched. He was walking by the next cemetery on the list when he heard whispering. He hid; the voices approaching quickly. XxX \"Okay Ashley we can stop now, I just didn't want to talk to you so close to Mary. She has extremely advanced hearing,\" he said wearily. \"No prob. She gives me the creeps.\" \"Whisper my dear. And you must change the way you speak. You must lose you teenage lingo.\" \"Why? Morgan never lost her 'teenage lingo',\" Ashley stated, not meaning to sound rude. Vladimir raised his hand, threateningly, \"Do not take a tone with me. Besides Morgan never had a lingo, she was born in the year 963. She gained a lingo when she started living in your time period… when she betrayed me,\" he said, sounding upset. \"If you don't mind me asking, why did Morgan 'betray' you?\" she asked cautiously. \"Yes I do mind. Besides that's not why I brought you out here.\" \"Oh yeah… I mean… Of course. Later perhaps. What was the real reason you brought me on this delightful little walk?\" \"Morgan and your friendship.\" He looked at her, noticing how she suddenly stiffened and dropped her head to look at the ground. Stuttering, she said, \"What about me and her?\" \"I need to know her weaknesses.\" \"But you're her father… don't you already know her weaknesses. Aren't they the same as yours?\" \"Well, yes, of course. But she has human weaknesses. I never knew her long enough after the 'accident' and I never found out what those were.\" \"What accident?\" She asked confused. \"When her mother died,\" he said very sadly. \"What happened? She's never talked about her mother before.\" He paused. \"She was very close to her mother… and me, while her mother was still alive. Her mother was human when she was born but once she was of age her mother joined us… she became a vampire. About five years later… Morgan was eighteen… her mother was killed by a slayer. She was absolutely devastated. She distanced herself from everyone. I haven't actually talked to her as a father since that day. I've only known her as a King to a Princess.\" His voice cracked and a tear slid down his cheek. \"He really cares!\" Levi said quietly to himself. Vladimir wiped away the tear then turned to face the spot where he heard the voice, \"Who's out there? Make yourself known!\" Not wanting to face the wrath of Dracula, he gracefully jumped the fence and walked toward the pair. As he got closer, Ashley got a glimpse of his face, \"Who are you?\" At that same moment Vladimir realized who this person was, \"Levi, my daughter's closest friend. Why are you here? Did she send you?\" \"No, that's not it… not even close,\" He said quickly. \"Wait! I've heard that name before. Morgan's told me stories about you and her. What are you doing here?\" Ashley said rudely, stepping in front of Vladimir. \"You must be Ashley. I wasn't talking to you. I believe I was talking to him ,\" Levi sneered. \"Why you… you filthy traitor! I can't believe you... And I don't even know you!\" \"You call me a traitor… but what do you call yourself? Hmmmm?\" \"How dare you call me a traitor!\" Ashley gasped. \"I had no choice. I was…\" Vladimir placed his hand on her shoulder, shushing her. \"That's enough,\" he said cooly. \"Now Levi, why are you here? Answer quickly!\" \"Lord Dracula, I have come to offer my services.\" Ashley shot him a glare, \"I have known Morgan as long as I can remember. And I will give you any information you may need.\" He gave a curt bow. \"First, when you address me, call me Vladimir or Vlad. Second, how do I know you aren't lying? How do I know you will keep your word?\" \"I will do anything you ask, a deed perhaps. And if I pass . . . I can join you. What do you think?\" Levi questioned. Vladimir thought long and hard, \"I suppose.\" \"Great!\" Levi stated, satisfied. \"Where do I begin?\"[Chapter 15] 1Chapter Fifteen The Pass-or-Fail Test \"For now you will do nothing. I must first devise your 'test'.\" He paused, directing his attention to Ashley, \"I ask you to keep him by your side at all times… never take your eyes off him. I don't trust him yet. And I promise that if he fails… you can be the one to kill him.\" \"Well since you put it that way… I'd be glad to. I hope he fails,\" she said looking at Levi with a smirk. XxX The week was long and Morgan was still terribly upset with the dispute between Levi and her. She expected his return and when he hadn't come back she began to worry. And finally, she forced herself to except the fact that he wasn't coming back. Whenever she needed someone, Sasha or Alexander was there to comfort her. Which meant the project was lacking. They were in a very, very sticky situation. XxX A week passed and Vlad still had not yet devised a test for Levi… or at least he hadn't said anything about it. Well, actually, he hadn't spoken at all. \"What is taking so long?\" Ashley whined. \"He must be really taking his time. Even I'm getting impatient!\" Mary agreed. \"Shut up both of you!\" Levi disagreed. \"The longer he takes the harder the test, the better chance I have to prove myself,\" he said proudly. Ashley looked at him in disgust and snarled, \"What happened to you? Why did you turn on her?\" He shook his head and said nothing. \"What did she do that was so bad you felt you had to betray her?\" she pressed. \"I don't want to talk about it,\" he whispered. \"No, you're not gonna get off that easily. You seem to forget that I have orders to kill you if you don't do as I say. So… I order you to tell me what happened that made you think she deserved to be betrayed?\" He looked at the ground and pondered her warning. A long silence passed then he spoke, \"Morgan, Kris, Sasha and I were trying to come up with a way to rescue you and Tiff, but nothing would work. Well, Sasha mentioned a friend of his that was brilliant,\" he hissed the word. \"He left immediately to go find him. About a week later he returned and his friend arrived shortly. His name was Alexander. Sasha was right, Alexander was very smart. Within and hour of his arrival we were already working. I didn't exactly trust him for more than one reason… but we'll talk about that later. Morgan didn't understand my problem with him and she kept confronting me. Well, finally during one of her confrontations she figured it out and it was then that I realized I couldn't stay there if Alexander was going to be there, too, and so I left. I just wish she understood why I came here.\" He looked at the ground as he finished. \"You were jealous, weren't you? That was the reason you didn't trust him. You were afraid Morgan wouldn't love you anymore.\" Ashley confirmed. \"I was so afraid of losing her. I just wanted him to go away.\" \"So you betrayed her? I still don't understand why you chose to come here?\" \"I don't know either. I guess I was just hoping I could help. But I think I was wrong… but there's no going back now. If I ask to leave he'll kill me and if you let me go he'll kill you. And I can't let that happen to you, for Morgan's sake.\" \"Levi… I'm sorry this happened. I'll help make this okay, I promise.\" \"You can't,\" he said. \"I won't let you. I came here and now I have to follow though. I'm going to help Vladimir with whatever he needs. And if that means I have to destroy her, I'll have to do it.\" Ashley became enraged and backhanded him as hard as she could. He acted as if he felt nothing, then stood and walked several feet away and sat back down. He didn't speak, nor did anyone else. Several silent hours later, Vladimir finally emerged and spoke, \"Ashley, how has he been? Not too much trouble I hope?\" \"No, he was no trouble at all. Are you finished?\" \"The test is complete.\" Levi stood up and became more alert as he said this. Then Vladimir turned to him, \"Are you ready?\" Levi nodded. \"I have had a hard time deciding what would be the better way to have you prove yourself to me. But I have finally decided…\" Levi looked at him, trying to mask his impatience, \"You must steal whom you believe is most important to her and bring them here. Can you do this?\" \"Yes Vlad. When do I leave?\" \"Now.\" With that said, Levi disappeared in a poof of smoke. XxX KNOCK KNOCK The door shook under the weight of the knockers' fist. Everyone stopped working. They were confused. Who could be knocking? It wasn't like they were expecting someone. Anyone who was of major importance (and on the 'good side') was already in the apartment. There was a sharp command from Alexander which got them all working again… all except Morgan. She walked to Alexander's side and grabbed his hand, \"Who do you think it could be?\" \"I don't know. You step back and let me answer it. I'd rather it be me than you.\" \"Don't do this please. We don't have to answer it. We could just pretend there's no one here. Please, don't answer it.\" she pleaded. He approached her, \"I'll be okay. I'm a big boy.\" He said kissing her on the cheek. He pulled away and wrenched his wrists from her tightly clenched hands. He walked to the door, looked through the peephole and let out a small gasp. \"Who is it?\" she asked nervously. \"Levi,\" he said, sounding slightly confused. Morgan's head started to spin and she fell to her knees. 'He's back? What's he doing back? I thought he left? What do I do now?' she thought. Alexander was at her side as soon as she collapsed. \"Don't worry about me,\" she said pushing him away. \"Answer the damn door.\" He reluctantly approached the door, flipped the lock and then slowly pulled the door open. In the doorway stood Levi, just as Alexander had said. Morgan slowly stood and silently stared. \"Good day,\" Levi spoke. At the sound of his voice everyone stopped working and stared. \"Welcome,\" Alexander hissed. \"What do you want?\" \"I came to speak to you actually. Do you have a moment, and somewhere we could speak privately,\" he asked. Alexander answered, malice coating his reply, \"Certainly. This way please.\" He closed the door behind Levi and led him towards a bedroom. As he passed by Morgan he stroked her arm. Levi followed silently, but paused when he passed Morgan. He reached for her and placed his hand under her chin and kissed her lightly on the forehead. Then continued towards the bedroom behind Alexander. He hated having to do this to her, but if he wanted to help he had to.[Chapter 16] 1Chapter Sixteen The Striking of a Deal The door closed behind the two men. Alexander wheeled around to face Levi. \"So… We're all by ourselves now. What was your reasoning for coming here? Do you have any idea what this is going to do to Morgan?\" \"I came here for her,\" he said defensively, hating the way Alexander stood up for her. \"What, to take her to her father so he can get rid of her and her friends?\" \"I wouldn't make assumptions,\" Levi growled. \"Once again I ask nicely, why are you here?\" Alexander hissed. \"Do you really want to know?\" Levi sneered. \"Why would I ask if I really didn't want to know,\" Alexander asked, getting impatient. \"Come closer,\" Levi whispered. \"You're joking, right? You expect me to trust you yet, you forget I was here during your betrayal.\" \"I betrayed nobody,\" Levi thundered. \"Oh, really? Then what do you call what happened a week ago, when you stormed out?\" Alexander scoffed, his teeth bared. \"All I did was leave. What makes you think I went to her father? I could have been hunting for all you know? So don't assume anything about me! You don't know me!\" Levi spoke in a gnarled whisper. \"Then where did you go, if I may be so bold as to ask?\" \"I wouldn't go as far as to call you bold, but if you must know… I went to her father,\" Levi stated. \"And you don't call that betrayal?\" \"Not when you have reason to go.\" Alexander growled, \"Oh? And what was your reason?\" \"To protect the woman I love and save her two friends whose lives are in danger, by her own father none the less.\" he said with a chuckle. \"I'm confused by your reasoning.\" Levi paused as if thinking how to respond, when a sudden gut wrenching snarl escaped his lips, and he threw himself across the few feet that separated him from Alexander and tackled him to the ground. With all his weight keeping Alexander momentarily capacitated, he took the chance to materialize. Within a few seconds they went from the small bedroom in the apartment to the cold, dusty ground of the cemetery where three vampires and one scared human sat silently, waiting impatiently. XxX \"Have you come back so soon?\" Vladimir asked, noticing Levi rising to his feet with a struggling new comer in his grasp. \"I've brought you your prize. Alexander, meet Vladimir. Vladimir, meet Alexander. I hope this is good enough for you. I did do as I was told. I have stolen you the one person whom I believe is most important to her. And I took him right from under her nose.\" \"We shall deliberate. Mary, lock the new comer up. Ashley, follow me. Mary will join us shortly after her request is finished. Levi, you shall not move from this spot. If you decide you must for any reason, there will be a very large price to pay. And trust me, I will follow through.\" And with that said Mary took Alexander from Levi's grasp and he fell to the ground. Vladimir and Ashley walked off and disappeared into the shadows, Mary following momentarily. Hour after silent hour passed and Levi began to space out, not noticing the quiet footsteps that approached him. \"May I join you?\" a meek voice spoke. Levi startled, but quickly relaxed once he realized it was Tiffany. \"Sure, why not,\" he said, gesturing to the empty ground beside him. \"What's wrong?\" she asked, noting the mix of emotions playing on his face and sounding in his voice. \"I just wish I wouldn't have had to do that. She's probably just now realizing we're gone and she'll sit in the room where just hours ago Alexander and I spoke, and she'll cry. And she won't stop crying. I want to be there for her, to comfort her, but I'm better off alive if this is to work,\" his voice cracked. Tiffany grabbed his hand and rubbed that back of it soothingly with her other hand, \"It'll be all right,\" she cooed. \"I'm sure she'll understand.\" \"But what if she doesn't? What if she hates me because of what I was just forced to do. Will she understand why I did all of this in the first place? Will she understand that I did it because I love her and care about her?\" he said, his voice cracking more noticeably this time. \"All you can do is hope,\" she whispered, continuing to rub the back of his hand. \"I think she will though. If you can save us, Ashley and I, she'll forgive you. She'll understand.\" \"I just hope you're right,\" he mumbled. There was a slight rustling behind them and Levi turned, Tiffany following his gaze. Behind them stood Vladimir with Ashley on his right and Mary on his left. Their crimson eyes shining in the disappearing moonlight. \"We shall take to shelter where this conversation maybe completed safely. The sun is still our enemy. Follow me. Mary, the prisoner,\" Vladimir said, then turned on his heels and led them down the familiar path they took every morning just before sunrise and entered the large cathedral. They then took the stairs to the highest level in the church and then the drop down ladder to the attic, where it was nice and damp and dark. A moment of silence passed. Then Ashley spoke, \"We have come to a conclusion. And we bear fair news.\" \"What do you mean by fair news?\" Levi snarled. \"She means it's somewhat good but could be taken badly by some people,\" Mary clarified, Alexander still in her grasp. \"Well then it's good news?\" he questioned, still confused. \"For you, yes. For your 'friend' here, not so much.\" Vladimir said hissing in Alexander's direction. \"What are you going to do to him?\" Levi liked the way this conversation was heading; Alexander would pay for coming between Morgan and him. But then he stopped to think. How would Morgan react when she found out the he, Levi, was responsible for destroying the one she loved? Even if that meant Levi didn't have her, he still wanted to see her happy. And if that meant she was with Alexander then he would have to face that. He just couldn't let Vladimir destroy Alexander, not if he ever wanted to speak to Morgan again. He began immediately preparing a plan incase death was Alexander's punishment. Levi relaxed greatly at the sound of the next words spoken by Vladimir. \"We have come to the conclusion that you are now trustworthy, but still kept a close eye on for a while longer. As for Alexander,\" he sneered, \"he shall come have a short meeting with me and we shall discuss his importance and what he must do. If he does not comply, there shall be great losses.\" He shot a longing glance in Tiffany's direction. The muscles in Alexander's neck tightened. Vladimir and Alexander scaled down the short ladder and commenced the small meeting in a matter of moments. When they returned, Alexander had a look of great disgust played on his face. \"Levi, will you please return him to my daughter, I'm sure she misses him greatly.\" then he turned to Alexander and spoke to him for the last time. \"If you do not do as you have agreed, we will come for you. And you and Morgan may watch as I kill the girl. That is the last warning I shall give you. Heed it if you want her to live. You are dismissed.\" Once he finished speaking, Levi grabbed him by the wrists and materialized in front of the apartment door. Not loosening his grip, he turned to the door and knocked. Sasha answered the door with a look of disgust as he took in the sight before him. Alexander looked broken, his wrists gathered in Levi's right hand. And Levi had a cruel, disgruntled look on his face. \"What happened to him?\" Sasha snarled. \"I had to borrow him, sorry for keeping him so long. I hope he isn't overdue,\" Levi said as he threw him to the ground just inside the doorway. He then bent down to Alexander's eye level. \"Remember you're promise or else.\" he whispered, his eyes narrow slits and his left eyebrow raised. He then stood, turned on his heels and disappeared once more.[Chapter 17] 1Chapter Seventeen Time Together Once Levi had run his errand with Alexander, he popped back to the attic room where he sat impatiently and conversed with Tiff. It was a long, bright day that was finally coming to an end. After dark, they started their way down to the back entrance which came out next to the cemetery gate. At the gate he realized that he didn't want to spend time with this cheerful little group tonight so he came up with an excuse. \"Em . . . Vladimir?\" He stopped and turned to face Levi, \"Yes?\" \"I hate to have to ask this,\" he stuttered. \"But I haven't fed in weeks. So do you think I could take the night off and go hunting?\" \"Certainly,\" he paused. \"Take Ashley with you. She has yet to feed once and is looking a little weak.\" She didn't like the sound of this hunting thing. \"Now dear, you must feed, and if you don't want to cause anyone to become a vampire just drink all the blood and then they'll die and then just leave the body. It's rather simple.\" Her eyes pleaded no. \"Just go!\" And with that said Ashley and Levi left his presence. When they were long out of range Ashley spoke, \"Are you really going to hunt?\" \"I'm not, but you are.\" \"What? Why?\" \"Because Vladimir told you too, and if you don't drink anything soon, you'll pretty much die. And we can't have that. Not when I'm so close to getting you two out,\" he whispered, even though no one was around. \"What do you mean?\" she asked in amazement. He silently cursed himself. \"Nothing, forget I even said anything.\" \"You're not going to tell me?\" \"Just drop it.\" he paused. \"So, are you ready to learn what we vampires do best?\" \"If you mean hunting, I'd rather get a stake shoved through my heart.\" she sneered. \"Sorry sweetheart, but we're not quite there yet. First you have to learn about how to use your powers… or at least get a general sense of how to control of them,\" he chuckled. \"What's that supposed to mean?\" \"It means that you're going to suck. Plain and simple.\" \"Well, thanks. You're so nice,\" she said sarcastically. \"Hey! I'm just saying. It takes months upon years upon decades upon centuries to master your powers. I've been alive for one thousand three hundred and thirteen years and I still don't have mine down to the 'T'. You're not the only person this happens to.\" \"Okay… sorry I snapped.\" \"It's okay. So… are you ready to learn?\" \"As ready as I'll ever be,\" she stated. \"Good. Let's begin.\" He immediately commenced the explanation of eye sight, hearing, sense of smell, speed, agility, \"flight\", transformation and seduction. \"You'll use these eight the most. Eye sight, hearing and sense of smell come naturally, although acuteness comes with training. Speed is exactly as it implies. It's how fast you can move. To have agility you need to understand speed and \"flight\". Flight is when you, as a vampire, defy gravity. Once you have achieved both, agility will come. Agility helps you control your speeds, transitions and your reaction time. And agility with flight is just you showing off. \"Transformation is when you learn to transform your body to anything you wish. The easiest is a wolf. It's what all vampires can transform into, the basic transformation shape. But with great practice you can change into anything. And last, is seduction. It is most important when hunting. Well, besides your fangs, of course. Seduction is what calls your victim to you. It reins in the prey. Do you understand?\" he asked as he finished. \"Yes,\" she spoke. \"Good. Soon I will help you fully achieve the powers I just mentioned. But tonight they are not entirely necessary. Only your eye sight, hearing and sense of smell are essential.\" \"So what do we do first?\" \"First, we must find a victim.\" She looked confused when he didn't move, \"Let me clarify. You must find a victim.\" \"Do I have to…\" she began to plead. He cut her off, \"No arguing. I'm only doing this for your own good. Now… eye sight, hearing and sense of smell. Concentrate.\" Her eyes closed and the streets became silent. Moments passed, and finally her eyes opened and she grinned. \"What do you hear?\" he asked. \"Two blocks away. I hear something.\" \"Do you know what you hear?\" \"A man, I believe.\" \"Good job. Do you want to know what I know about him?\" \"Sure, why not.\" \"He's a man. 5'11\". 185 pounds,\" he paused to listen. \"Wearing a pair of jeans, a t-shirt and boots,\" he paused again. \"Wears glasses and has short curly hair.\" \"Show off.\" \"What can I say, it's a gift.\" \"Can we just get on with this? I mean, I'm already not looking forward to it.\" \"You know what your problem is?\" he asked. \"No, but I'm sure you're gonna tell me,\" she said bitterly. \"As a matter of fact, I am. Your problem is that you're looking at this situation from the point of view of your human personality. You need to forget you human self and give into your savage vampire wants. You've got to be fighting some.\" She didn't respond. \"I knew it! Give in Ashley. All you've got to do is give in!\" \"But what if I don't want too?\" she asked worriedly. \"But you do. You're afraid of change. I know it's a big jump, but you can make it. I believe in you.\" \"Okay. Let's try this. I think I can. I think I can. I think I can,\" she whispered to herself. \"Here. I'll help,\" he reached out his hand for hers and she took it graciously. And as a duo they walked the few blocks to where the said man was. When they reached their destination, they hid in the shadows and made their way closer to study his movements. \"Wow! You were dead on with that description,\" Ashley gasped. \"Okay,\" Levi said with a smirk. \"When you prepare to attack you need to take in movements, physical ailments, etcetera. Like on this guy here. He seems to have no noticeable physical problems. Which means he'll fight and fight hard. You're just going to have to bite as quickly as possible and not let go ! Letting go would be a bad idea. I'm guessing you're going to kill, right?\" \"Yes. For now anyway.\" She paused and took a deep breath, \"I think I'm ready.\" \"Go!\" he whispered. Ashley lept from the shadows onto the unsuspecting victim, his back facing her. He began to immediately struggle, just as Levi had said, so she quickly sank her sharp fangs into the soft flesh of his neck. He yelped with surprise at the sudden intense pain. He tried and tried to shake her off, but her grip held fast. The warm blood tasted delicious as it ran down her throat, and she eagerly drank more and more, till at last no more would fall from the wound which she had made. Slowly the man had sank to the ground until he laid on the pavement at Ashley's feet, drained of all life. Levi held his chin high, proud of what Ashley had just done and the way blood was dripping from her chin. She glanced at him and he smiled at her. She turned away, embarrassed, and wiped the blood from her chin. She immediately felt refreshed and rejuvenated and her eyes widened in pleasure. \"Well, what do you think? How do you feel?\" he asked eagerly. \"I can't believe I just did that, yet at the same time it was amazing! Amazing ! And the feeling… Indescribable !\" \"I told you. GOSH! So… how do you really feel?\" She smirked showing off her still bloodied fangs, \"I've never felt better.\" XxX The front door closed, Alexander a heap on the ground. The room was silent, everyone frozen in their spots. Morgan was the first one to move. She slowly walked to Alexander's side and sank to her knees. \"Alexander?\" she asked, as she began to place her hand on his shoulder. \"Leave me be!\" he yelled. She dropped her hand to her side and spoke again, \"What happened?\" He was suddenly on his feet. \"Leave me be!\" he thundered and then stormed off toward an empty bedroom. Morgan stood slowly, a look of pure anger on her face, \"What in God's name happened that made him think I deserved that?\"[Chapter 18] 1Chapter Eighteen His Only Choice \"I don't know. Who knows what happened,\" Sasha whispered. \"All I want is to make sure he's okay,\" Morgan said sadly. \"Maybe all he needs is time?\" Kris suggested. XxX \"ENOUGH!\" she screamed. Sasha, not sure how to act, approached her. \"You okay?\" \"No, I'm not!\" \"What's wrong?\" he asked. \"It has been five days. FIVE DAYS! And he has not left that room once. Does he not know how worried I am about him? I want to know what happened to him,\" she said angrily. \"He obviously needs more time, Morgan,\" Kris said. \"No. He was given time. Five days worth of time,\" she stated. Then she stormed off toward the bedroom Alexander was taking refuge in and paused in front of the door. She inhaled and exhaled deeply to channel her emotions, then knocked. KNOCK KNOCK There was no response, \"Alexander?\" Once again, no answer. She placed her hand on the door knob, turning to look back at the others. They both nodded slowly and she turned back to face the door, slowly turning the knob. She peaked her head through the door as she opened it, and saw Alexander sitting awkwardly half laying on the bed, his back facing her... she instantly knew something was wrong. She rushed to his side and turning him towards her. She gasped loudly, \"Guys, get in here. NOW!\" Sasha and Kris hurried into the room, and gasped when they saw him. He was lying awkwardly and unconscious in Morgan's arms and looked very pale. And as they got closer they could see his chest was drenched in various shades of blood, and there was a large gash on the right side of his throat. \"He's trying to kill himself,\" Morgan stated in a whisper. Then her face grew hard and she started barking out orders. \"Sasha, get him onto the bed, with his head propped up. And Kris, get some towels and warm water in case we have to try and stop the bleeding.\" They immediately did as they were told and as Sasha was placing him on the bed, Morgan was already by his side her wrist at her mouth. She sliced open her wrist with her fangs and began letting the blood flow into Alexander's mouth. Immediately color returned to his face, but he remained unconscious, and thanks to the vampire blood his wound stopped bleeding and started to scab over. When a sufficient amount of color returned to his face, Morgan pulled her wrist away and held a towel to it to stop her bleeding. She looked up at Sasha, \"Do you think he'll be okay...?\" He opened his arms to her and pulled her into a deep hug, \"I'm not sure, hun. We'll just have to keep a close eye on him for awhile.\" Kris placed her hand on Morgan's shoulder, \"We're lucky we found him in time. Good thing you're so impatient,\" she said, cracking a small smile as Morgan looked to her and did the same. \"He'll be fine,\" she stated reassuringly. \"I hope so...,\" she said quietly. \"And I'm not leaving his side until he wakes up,\" she said pushing herself out of Sasha's arms and walking towards the side of the bed. \"We didn't think you would,\" said Sasha, as he and Kris turned and walked out of the bedroom, closing the door behind them. Morgan watched them leave, and then turned back to Alexander. She walked to the bed and lay down next to him, wrapping her hand around his, and nuzzled her head into the crook of his neck. \"What happened to you? Why would you try something like this?\" she whispered against his neck, gently pressing her lips to his skin. He sighed loudly in his sleep and she sat up quickly hoping he was awake, only to be disappointed. She lay back down beside him and snuggled into his side. \"I'm not leaving your side until you can look me in the eyes and tell me what happened, and why you did this,\" she stated quietly, yet firmly to herself, slowly drifting off to sleep. XxX He lay there, unconscious and healing, and as she promised, Morgan never left his side. She laid there next to him and slept, occasionally popping up when he sighed or mumbled or moved in his sleep, and occasionally feeding him more of her if she felt he looked too pale. Finally, one afternoon after an entire week, Alexander's eyes opened for the first time. He couldn't remember where he was and reached for his neck, feeling gauze. He also felt pressure along the left side of his body and his hand was incased in warmth. He turned his head and saw Morgan sleeping next to him and he smiled and chuckled to himself. He carefully turned onto his side and, careful not to wake her, gently pulled her to his chest in a loving hug, kissing her lightly on the top of her head. Her eyes fluttered open and she noticed immediately that she wasn't in the same position she had fallen asleep in and that she had remained in for the past week, she also felt a slight pressure on the top of her head and could hear quiet laughter. Immediately she wrapped her arms around him as tightly as she could and pleaded that he actually be awake. He laughed again, breathing in deeply the scent of her hair, \"Of course I'm awake.\" She hugged him closer to her and sighed, \"Oh, Alexander...,\" in relief. But then, she suddenly pushed herself away from him, and looked him in the eyes in a way that was unexpected. She looked unbelievably and lividly pissed. He tried to keep a hold of her, but she pushed him away even more forcefully and jumped to her feet, turning her back to him. He sat up slowly, and as he started to say something she reeled around slapping him across the face so hard that it threw him back against the bed. He yelped in confusion, and she began screaming at him. \"Why in Hell would you do something like this to me!\" he started to stutter an answer but she cut him off, \"Do you realize how long you've been out! I found you on the floor practically dead a fucking week ago!\" His mouth snapped shut in surprise, and Morgan collapsed on the floor, her body now being rocked about by her sobs. By now Sasha and Kris had burst into the room, but Alexander shook his head at them and they reluctantly left. He slowly rose from the bed, his body weak and wobbly, and stumbled over to sit down next to her. He placed his hand on her back and she pulled away from him. So he wrapped his arms around her, using what little strength he had left, and pulled her into his lap. She turned into his shoulder and continued sobbing, \"Morgan, I... I don't even know what to say...\" Her sobs faded into a frenzied breathing, as she looked up at him and whispered, \"Why?\" He pulled her into his chest and began sobbing himself, \"I'm sorry Morgan. I... It was... I didn't have any other choice, and... And... I'm so terribly sorry...\" She stiffened in his arms and he loosened his hold so that she could pull away enough to look him in the eyes. \"How could you possibly think that that was your only option! What happened to you…?\" she asked, her eyes pleading to understand. He looked into her eyes, but couldn't handle the intensity of her gaze, \"I... I can't tell you...\" \"Why not?\" \"...because he told me I wasn't allowed to...\" \"What did Levi do to you...?\" she asked incredulously. \"He didn't do anything. He may have taken me from this apartment, but other than that... it was someone else entirely.\" \"Where did he take you...?\" The room became eerily silent, and it looked as if time had frozen. She just looked at him, he didn't speak or look up or even try to gesture in anyway. And that was how she knew; \"You saw my father, didn't you?\" the room remained quiet. \"Levi took you to my father, didn't he?\" she already knew the answer, but she needed to hear it from him. His head slowly dropped, giving her an answer she didn't want to be true. Suddenly she slammed the side of her fist against his chest in protest, the way you would a desk or table when you're angry. \"NO!\" she screamed, as she collapsed against him in a crumpled mass of heartbroken sobs, the whole time mumbling that same word over and over.[Chapter 19] Chapter Nineteen Hope Alexander tried to comfort her and pull her closer, but his weak muscles couldn't handle the effort. So when Sasha and Kris burst through the door to see what was wrong this time, he let Sasha pull her from his arms and hold her close to him as he helped her to the bed. \"Morgan, what's wrong?\" Sasha asked her quietly, but she continued to sob; her breathing turning into uneven gasps. Unsure of how to react, Sasha looked down at Alexander, \"What did you tell her?\" \"I only told her what she wanted to hear; where Levi took me and who I met,\" Alexander responded quietly. Sasha paused for a moment, \"He took you to meet someone?\" Just then his eyes widened in shock, \"You met Vladimir.\" He turned his head toward the door, speaking to Kris, \"Levi has betrayed us. He took Alexander to Vladimir, which means he is working for him now.\" Kris walked to the door, \"Really? How do you know?\" \"Why else would Morgan be so upset? Aren't I right Alexander?\" Sasha asked, turning to his friend. Alexander looked up at Sasha and nodded, and then turned to Kris, \"I was taken from this apartment by Levi to a cemetery. There I saw three vampires. There was Vladimir, a dark haired female he called Mary, and then another female he called Ashley; I'm assuming she is Morgan's friend. There was also a human female there. He never said her name, but I assume she is her other friend, Tiffany.\" Kris gasped, \"How could he do this? Why would he do this? He hates Vladimir as much, if not more, than the rest of us.\" \"Well, apparently he's gotten over his hatred because he's practically his right hand man now. Or at least, that's how it looked. Bringing me to Morgan's father was his 'test' of trustability. He passed,\" Alexander hissed. The room grew silent, the only sound being Morgan's sobs. Sasha pulled her closer to his chest, tightening his grip on her, trying to protect her from everything bad that was happening. He turned to Kris, \"Why would he do this? What was he thinking?\" \"I don't know Sasha,\" Kris whispered as she approached the bed and sat down next to them, also wrapping her arms around Morgan. \"I thought he loved her...\" Her words caused Morgan to flinch and she gently kissed her hair as she rubbed her back, \"I'm sorry sweetheart. We won't talk about him anymore.\" Morgan pulled away from Sasha and turned to hug Kris, \"Thank you,\" she gasped. Kris helped her lay down on the bed and pulled the covers over her. \"You need to rest sweetheart. Sasha and I will be in the living room if you need us, okay?\" she whispered. \"Okay,\" Morgan mumbled. \"Do you want me to stay here with you...?\" Alexander asked quietly. \"Yes, please,\" whispered Morgan as she stretched her hand out towards him. Kris glanced towards Sasha and grabbed his hand and pulled him out of the room. They closed the door as Alexander crawled into the bed next to her. XxX \"We need to talk about this, now,\" said Kris angrily to Sasha once the door was shut. \"What is there to talk about?\" he asked. \"I don't think Alexander would lie about something like this. Not to Morgan.\" \"But Levi hates Vladimir. More than you and I do, and even almost more than Morgan does. He's been with Morgan through all of the shit that Vladimir has done to her and wishes he had the ability to destroy him himself... this just doesn't seem like something he would do...\" \"I know Kris,\" Sasha sighed. \"But you saw how he reacted when Morgan consented to letting a stranger in so easily. And then once Alexander got here and she kept defending him, Levi just got angrier... I think he's jealous. I think he's afraid that Morgan is falling in love with Alexander, and that he's going to lose her... you know he would be destroyed if she didn't love him anymore...\" \"Has he ever even expressed how he feels to her though? Or her to him?\" Kris asked annoyed. \"I don't know,\" Sasha stated. \"I don't think so... although it may have finally come up when they had their big argument a few weeks ago.\" \"If he's never confessed to her that he cares for her, how does he expect her to understand why he didn't agree with her defending Alexander? He can't just not tell her and hope that she assumes everything!\" Kris collapsed on the couch pulling a hand through her hair in frustration. \"I mean, I know that he's made it pretty obvious how he's felt about her for quite some time, but he still can't get angry that she might have feelings for another man if he's never actually told her.\" \"I know,\" Sasha said, sitting down next to her. \"I just don't understand why Morgan falling for another guy would lead him to betraying her...\" \"Like I said,\" Kris mumbled, \"it doesn't seem like Levi.\" \"But at the same time, have we ever seen him in a jealous rage?\" Sasha asked. \"When someone threatens your future like that, people tend to not think very clearly. Maybe he thought going to her father was the right thing to do...\" \"But as he cooled down, he realized his mistake... but by then he had already promised Vlad to do that whole trust-test thing, and he knew he couldn't get away, not if he wanted to live...\" Kris started to tear up. \"What if he has no choice but to destroy her, or one of us, or even Tiffany?\" Her voice grew so feint that you could barely make out what she was saying, \"What if Vlad plans on making him do something so terrible that Morgan would never forgive him, no matter what?\" Her tears finally spilled over and ran down her porcelain cheeks. Sasha wrapped his arms around her and held her while she cried, \"Shhh, Kris. Everything will be fine. We just have to hope that everything will be okay,\" he said holding her close and rubbing her back. All of a sudden he froze. Kris pulled away and looked up at him, \"Sasha, you okay? What's wrong?\" He looked her in the eyes and a huge, gaping grin spread across his face. \"Why are you smiling?\" Kris asked, \"What are you thinking about?\" If it was even possible, Sasha's smile grew even bigger, \"What if, just maybe, when Levi finally calmed down he came up with a plan,\" Sasha whispered excitedly. \"What if he's still on our side and is still trying to save Ashley and Tiffany?\" He voice was starting to slowly raise in volume, \"What if this is now an inside job?\" Kris looked deep into his eyes and suddenly felt a spark of faith. A smile spread across her face, mirroring Sasha's. She tackled him to the couch in her excitement and wrapped her arms around him tightly, \"You have the best thoughts ever,\" she squealed excitedly, pulling away to kiss him on the forehead. \"You have to be right,\" she stated, finally pulling away to sit up. \"That's the only thing that makes sense.\" Just then her smile faltered, \"Do we tell her...?\" \"No,\" Sasha whispered, his smile also falling a little. \"I think this needs to stay between us. We don't actually know if this is the truth for sure and we don't want to get her hopes up, or make her think that we are trying to side against her if she doesn't believe us.\" \"Okay,\" Kris stated, her smile coming back in full force. 'This has to be the truth. It's the only possibility that makes sense. Levi couldn't really think, after everything that's happened with Morgan, that taking Vlad's side is right,' Kris thought excitedly. She stood up from the couch and looked towards one of the shaded windows, it was almost completely dark outside. She reached her hand out towards Sasha, \"I'm starving. Can we go grab a little something to eat?\" \"Sure,\" he said as he grabbed her hand. She helped pull him off the couch and they walked out of the apartment hand in hand.[Chapter 20] Chapter Twenty Impatiently Waiting She was sitting up on the couch, filled with worry. When she woke up, Alexander was still asleep with his arms around her, and the only noise she could hear was the gentle breathing coming from the vampire laying next to her. She could hear no other sounds to identify where Sasha and Kris were in the apartment. Not wanting to wake Alexander, she slowly slipped out from between his arms and tip-toed out of the room. She searched everywhere in the tiny town house, but Sasha and Kris were nowhere to be found. She glanced at the clock and her worry instantly doubled. It was four in the afternoon. She had slept almost the entire day. 'Why would Kris and Sasha leave the apartment? Did Levi come and kidnap them too while I was asleep? Could I honestly have slept through that?' Morgan thought frantically. She sat down on the couch and rested her face in her hands, and that was how she stayed only occasionally raising her head to glance at the clock. As the minutes ticked by her worry increased, turning into a terrible fright. About an hour and a half into her waiting, Alexander walked into the living room and when he saw her sitting like that, rushed to her side. \"Morgan, what's wrong?\" he asked frantically. She didn't respond and he looked around hoping for an explanation from Kris or Sasha. Then he realized that they weren't in the living room. He got up and searched everywhere in the tiny town house and, like Morgan, found them nowhere. He made his way back towards Morgan and sat down next to her, wrapping his arms around her shoulders. He nuzzled into the crook of her neck and asked, \"Where are they?\" Morgan gasped like she had been holding her breath, and half gasped-half whispered, \"I don't know!\" She had been holding back tears for so long and finally speaking pushed them over the edge and sent tears streaming down her cheeks. He pulled her into his chest and soothingly rubbed her back, \"Shhh, Morgan. Don't cry, I'm sure they're fine.\" He pulled back so he could look her in the eyes and tried to wipe the constantly flowing tears from her face. \"They are strong vampires, Morgan. They know how to take care of themselves,\" the corners of his mouth pulled up into a small, reassuring smile. \"I know! But what if Levi came back for them? What if I just slept through the kidnapping of my two most trusted friends?\" She began crying more fiercely and pulled back to her original position of sitting with her elbows on her knees and her face in her hands. Alexander, unsure of how to comfort her, angled himself towards her and placed his left hand on her thigh and his right hand on the small of her back gently tracing small circles with his thumb. And that was how they remained for another three hours. XxX Morgan glanced up at the clock; it read: 8:30PM. She sighed nervously. It had gotten dark around seven and she was starting to wonder if she should go out and look for them. She had sat up and started stretching her tense muscles when a pair of voices could be heard walking down the hall outside the door. Someone started laughing as the door opened. Sasha pushed open the door and Kris walked in laughing loudly, both of them smiling largely. Suddenly they paused when they took in the scene before them. Morgan jumped to her feet and rushed to their sides giving both of them huge hugs. Kris kissed the top of her head, \"Is someone feeling better?\" She received a glare from Morgan, \"I'll take that as a no...\" \"Where in Hell have you two been?\" Morgan asked angrily. \"I woke up at four and neither of you were anywhere to be found. I have been sitting on this couch for the last four and a half hours hoping that I hadn't honestly slept through Levi kidnapping you!\" She started to get teary-eyed again and Kris immediately wrapped her arms around her. \"I'm so sorry sweetheart. We didn't mean to not be here when you woke up. Last night Sasha and I had a serious talk about this entire situation and then went out for some dinner. We hadn't meant to travel so far away from home, but by the time the sun was coming up we weren't even halfway back, so we had to chill out in an abandoned building for the day.\" Sasha walked up beside the pair and gently kissed Morgan on the cheek, \"We're fine Morgan. Nothing bad is going to happen to us. We're big vampires, and we know how to fight for ourselves. We promise we won't let even Levi get the better of us,\" he said, reassuringly smiling down at her. The corners of her mouth pulled up and returned his smile and she wrapped her arms around him. \"I'm so glad you two are okay. Never do that again, ever! Promise...?\" Kris and Sasha both looked at each other and smiled before turning back to Morgan and saying in unison, \"We promise.\" \"Good,\" Morgan said with a smile and a small chuckle. Kris glanced over at Levi and he gave a short nod, so Kris turned back to Morgan, \"Sweetie, I hate to have to say this and take that beautiful smile off your face, but do you want to talk about Levi and what happened?\" Morgan grimaced at the sound of his name. \"I know you're upset about what happened and you've got to be grieving at least a little bit...we could go talk about if you need to get some stuff off your chest...\" \"Please, don't mention his name,\" Morgan whined. \"He made his decision, and if that's what makes him happy then I guess I just have to deal with that. He obviously didn't want to be here,\" she stated quietly. \"Do you honestly believe that after everything you two have been through?\" whispered Kris, sadly. \"Yes,\" Morgan murmured, and then her face grew angry. \"I thought he hated my father, but he obviously fooled all of us for a very long time. I guess he's just not who I thought he was,\" her voice faltered for a moment but then she regained control over her emotions. \"I refuse to let myself cry over a man who obviously has no feelings for me or you two, for that matter. He's not worth our time.\" \"If that's how you feel,\" Kris murmured as Sasha placed a reassuring hand on her shoulder.[Chapter 21] Chapter Twenty-One Step Towards Good It had been almost two weeks since he'd gone to the apartment and stolen Alexander from her. He knew that what Vladimir had asked of him was probably not very pleasant, but didn't actually know what he had said to him only that he needed to keep his word for Morgan's sake. The past two weeks had mostly been him going out and Ashley tagging along, and they had started to grow closer with each adventure. Now that she was positive that he was still on the side of good, she started reaching out and trusting him more and more. Most the time she talked about Morgan, he figured she realized how much he enjoyed it. He liked getting to hear about the parts of her life he'd been forced out of. On the other hand, he was also starting to get annoyed. Vladimir had told him that he had passed his test and that they now trusted him, but he had yet to actually ask anything else of him. All he did was sit around talking to Tiffany and Ashley or go out hunting; Vladimir hadn't even really spoke to him since the night he had brought him Alexander. It was starting to get very irritating. Levi was sitting next to Tiffany and talking to her, when out of the corner of his eye, he saw Ashley abruptly turn as a smile spread across her face. He had to assume that Vladimir had walked into the room. Ashley had become so attuned to him recently and he was almost 100% positive that she wouldn't want to become human again. It was obvious that she was falling in love with him and wouldn't want to be separated from him; if only she understood the danger in that. Vladimir walked up to her and placed his hand on her cheek smiling down at her, at least he seemed to be feeling the same way. Levi had never seen him act this way towards any of his other \"wives\" other than Morgan's mother and secretly hoped that it was a good sign. He suddenly turned towards him, as if he knew Levi was watching them, \"Good afternoon, Levi.\" \"Good afternoon, Vladimir,\" he stated with a smirk. \"I was wondering, if by chance, there is anything I could do for you, sir? Maybe you perhaps have an errand I could run, or have anything further planned for the future of your daughter?\" He couldn't actually say her name, it had started to hurt him too much. Vladimir paused and thought about what he had just said, and then he quietly spoke, \"I may have something that you could do, but do you think that we could speak quietly for a moment?\" He paused for a moment, taken aback by the suggestion, \"Of course, sir.\" \"Follow me,\" Vladimir stated and then took his leave down the attic stairs and into the darkening hallway that awaited them. After Levi had descended the stairs and securely closed the door behind him, Vladimir turned to face him, \"I want to apologize Levi. I'm afraid that even though you were told that you were trusted, I have had a hard time actually remembering to do it. I kept wondering if you were actually going to try to go running back to her. I can tell how hard this is for you.\" \"I told you that I am here to help you Vladimir. I meant that sincerely.\" \"I know Levi,\" he stated. \"And I have finally come to the point where I believe that,\" he paused for a moment, as if deep in thought, then continued. \"I wish I could say that I have something for you to do, but I honestly do not. I am having a hard time deciding who I can fully trust all of my thoughts to... Mary is not an option because she has proven to me in the past that she is not trustworthy. And I am not entirely sure how much I can tell Ashley,\" he murmured, \"She seems to be trying to get closer with me every day, but I cannot be positive what her motives are...\" \"Believe me, Vladimir, when I say that she can be trusted,\" Levi said. \"I am constantly watching Ashley, and although I know that Morgan,\" he winced slightly when he spoke her name, \" would not be pleased with this situation, I believe that Ashley is becoming very attached to you.\" Vladimir's eyes brightened slightly, as he looked deeply into Levi's searching for the truth in his words. He smiled faintly, \"Have you also realized that I am becoming very attached to her, as well?\" \"Yes,\" Levi whispered, slightly taken aback by how much Vladimir was actually telling him. \"I know that you and I have had a rough past because I was always on her side, but I have never seen you act this way towards any other vampire other than her mother. I hope that it means that you will protect Ashley with your life. Ashley is one of her very dear friends and she will not be pleased that she will no longer want to become human again.\" Vladimir's eyes brightened even more, \"Do you really think that she has begun to care about me that much?\" \"Yes, I really do.\" Vladimir stood there quietly for a very long moment before he finally spoke again, changing the subject, \"I feel I have done wrongly in trying to confront Morgan,\" he whispered. He had spoken so quietly that Levi wasn't sure he had heard him correctly, \"You regret how you've treated her...?\" Vladimir gently nodded his head; he looked as if he disgusted himself. \"I want her to trust me again, and I now know that I have forgotten how to do that without applying force.\" \"I have never seen her hate someone so much before,\" Levi stated, \"I don't know if she could forgive you after everything you've done...\" Vladimir's face instantly grew angry. \"You may leave,\" he said harshly. Levi didn't expect his reaction and grew angry himself, \"I didn't say that is was impossible, but your only choice would be to slowly gain her trust back... perhaps a \"peace offering\" of some sort...\" And with that he turned and made his way back into the attic letting his words sink into Vladimir's thoughts, hoping that he understood what he was hinting at. XxX When it grew dark outside Mary led the small group down through the church and out into the cemetery. Since Vladimir was nowhere to be found, Levi asked Mary if he could take his leave for the night and then set out with Ashley by his side. She was particularly quiet tonight, when normally she was very talkative. Levi glanced over at her, \"Are you alright?\" he asked quietly. \"I don't know,\" she murmured, sounding worried. \"What's wrong?\" Levi asked. \"I'm worried about Vlad,\" she stated quietly. Levi stopped walking and turned to her, \"Why?\" \"What did you two talk about?\" she asked. \"I'm not sure if he wants me to talk about it, \"Levi stated. \"It seemed like he was trying to confide in me. Like he knew how close Morgan and I had been and that he knew I would understand her reactions and be able to interpret her thoughts better than anyone else. \"He cares about you a lot, by the way,\" Levi whispered as he turned and started walking again. Ashley started walking again too, matching his stride, \"Really?\" He could hear the smile in her voice. \"Really,\" he smiled down at her. She looked up at him, returning his smile, but then he grew serious, \"But I want to warn you of the danger in that.\" She frowned slightly, \"What do you mean?\" Levi stopped walking again and turned to face her. \"Vladimir has never been overly protective of his 'wives'. I'm not entirely sure if that's what he's considering you or not,\" Ashley winced subtly at his words, \"and that may be a good thing. I've never seen him ever truly care for another person like he did Morgan's mother, and that may never change... but it may be changing. I just want you to watch out for yourself. Don't be like the others and expect him to protect you, because he may not.\" \"Okay,\" Ashley whispered, \"I promise I'll look out for myself, no matter what.\" \"Thank you,\" Levi rushed, pulling her into a large hug. \"I would hate for you to decide that this life is what you want and then have it end so quickly. We may be super powerful and immortal creatures, but we are hunted just like any other animal... and Slayers do not give up very easily.\" He pulled away so he could look down into Ashley's eyes, \"Do you think I would have ever left Morgan's side for any other reason? We used to be inseparable...\" Ashley placed her hand on his cheek, \"Have you ever told her how you felt? How you still feel?\" \"It's not that easy,\" he said quickly, pulling away from her. \"But it is that easy, Levi. You have been in love with her forever, and you're too scared to tell her how you feel. Too afraid that confessing feelings for her might ruin your friendship... But not really realizing that telling her would most likely just make your life better. Is it not obvious that she's in love with you too?\" \"I don't know how she feels about me,\" he lied. \"I know that she does,\" Ashley stated angrily. \"But because you couldn't tell her she got eyes for another guy and then you got jealous. But instead of just talking to her about it peacefully you stormed out of the apartment and did the worst thing possible. You joined her father who is planning her demise!\" \"I know I made the wrong choice,\" he yelled. \"I know I ruined my chances with her by making this decision, but I still want to try to help her! I want Vladimir to trust me, because I do know Morgan better than anyone else, and I'm pretty sure I know that she would rather make amends then to battle for her friends lives. But unless someone else says it for her, she's gonna do it the hard way. Vladimir's side doesn't have to be the bad side! I want to help her, and they only way I can do that now is by helping him!\" He turned on his heels and started walking away from her briskly. Ashley was taking aback by his rage, and was frozen for a moment. When she finally decided she needed to catch up with him, someone stopped her by placing their hand on her shoulder. She spun around in surprise, ready to defend herself, but immediately relaxed when she saw it was Vladimir. He looked down at her, \"Head back to the cemetery dear. I need to speak with Levi alone.\" Her eyes grew wide with fright, but he smiled at her reassuring that he was not going to be mean, and then pushed her in the direction of the cemetery and started off after Levi. XxX Levi could hear footfalls behind him, and assumed that it was Ashley following him so he just ignored them. But after they had followed him for another fifteen minutes, he was starting to grow angry. Wasn't it obvious that he didn't want company? He squeezed his eyes shut in fury then spun on his heels, \"Stop following me Ashley! I don't want to be around you right now!\" \"It is a good thing I'm not Ashley then.\" Levi's eyes snapped open to find Vladimir standing in front of him, smirking.[Chapter 22] Chapter Twenty-Two The Happy Reunion \"Vladimir! I apologize, I thought you were...\" \"Ashley. Obviously,\" Vladimir chuckled. \"And there's no need to apologize. What did she do to anger you?\" \"I mentioned her once.. Once! And she...\" Vladimir interrupted him, \"Her?\" \"Morgan,\" he winced slightly. \"Ah,\" Vladimir sighed. \"Once you mentioned her, how did Ashley respond?\" \"She immediately asked me if I had ever talked to her and confessed how I felt. When I told Ashley that it wasn't that easy she got defensive. She told me that it is that easy and that the only reason I couldn't do it was because I was too afraid. Then she asked if I knew how she felt. When I told her that I didn't know how she felt about me, she got angry. She yelled at me that she knew she loved me and that since I couldn't tell her how I felt she went off and got eyes for another guy, making me jealous. And that instead of just trying to talk to her about it I ran off and I told her-\" Vladimir cut him off, \"Yes, I heard this part. You made the wrong decision, and now you cannot go back. You think that you have ruined your chances to be with her, but you still want to help her. You said that my side doesn't have to be the bad side, and that you want to help her by helping me, is that really true?\" \"Yes. I know that she doesn't fight with you because she wants to. She's never been a very aggressive person in the past. She just always felt she had to protect herself from what you became after her mother was killed, when you stared destroying her friends.\" Vladimir flinched at his words, \"I'm not saying that you can't fix this though. She and her friends came up with a plan, and it was actually quite brilliant, but...\" \"Yes, it seems to be a very extensive and complex plan, but if the end is still what Alexander told me it was it will not destroy me.\" \"Really?\" Levi asked in confusion. \"There is only one way in which to destroy me that only my daughter and I know.\" Levi was quiet for a moment, \"Wait, Morgan,\" he slightly winced again, \"knows how to destroy you?\" \"Yes,\" Vladimir stated. \"Why does saying her name make you flinch?\" Levi closed his eyes and spoke quietly, \"I miss her so much, and being away from her hurts. The sad thing is I didn't even tell her how I felt until the day I left. She was confronting me about why I disliked Alexander and she finally figured out that it was because I was jealous. She told me that she loved me and that I didn't have to worry, but she still wouldn't ask him to leave- she just kept defending him. That's when I knew I couldn't stay... I told her I loved her and then I left. I made a huge mistake... but all I can do now is try to make things right. No matter what happens, I will always love her,\" he voice broke as he fought back tears. Vladimir, without thinking, took the few steps that closed the distance between him and Levi and gently placed his hand on his shoulder. \"I am truly sorry, my friend,\" Vladimir spoke quietly, \"I want my daughter back in my life and I know that you are the only person who can help me make that happen peacefully. And I hope that she understands what you did and why. Never give up hope that she will forgive you.\" There was a long pause and neither man moved, both of them acknowledging their newfound friendship. Suddenly, Levi's eyes popped open, \"You said that Morgan knows of the only way to destroy you?\" \"Yes,\" Vladimir stated curiously. \"She hasn't told anybody!\"Levi said excitedly. \"What does that mean?\" Vladimir questioned. \"I'm almost positive that if she never told me, she also never told anyone else. That means her intentions were never to get rid of you. She only wants to hurt you enough to make you release Ashley from the curse and then rescue both of her friends. She still cares enough about you to not destroy you.\" \"So are you saying that this may be easier than you originally expected?\" \"Yes,\" Levi said, still gaining excitement. \"What we need to do is prove to her that you no longer care about trying to hurt her, that you want to start gaining her trust back. We need to make sure she knows it is sincere, and not make her think it could be a trap. This could really work though.\" Levi's mind was working full force. \"Levi, I trust you to help me do what I need to win her back. What should our next move be?\" Vladimir stated seriously. \"We need to talk to Tiffany.\" XxX Vladimir approached the tiny group with Levi next to him, \"Tiffany?\" She glanced up at him apprehensively. \"Would you mind coming with me for a moment, dear?\" he asked, offering her his hand. She reached out for his hand and he helped her stand. \"Of course,\" she murmured. The three of them walked to a far side of the cemetery where they knew no one could overhear what they were going to talk about. \"Tiffany, dear,\" Vladimir spoke quietly, \"Levi and I have come to an agreement about what must happen next.\" Tiffany's body stiffened and her eyes widened in shock. Vladimir instantly retorted, \"No, no. Calm down child. Nothing bad is going to happen to you, we promise.\" Tiffany, afraid to trust Vlad, turned to look at Levi who smiled at her reassuringly. \"Then, what do you need of me,\" she asked, more confident now. \"Nothing,\" Vladimir sighed. \"We never did really need you for anything other than blackmail, so Levi has convinced me that our best chances of gaining Morgan's trust would be to release you.\" Tiffany's eyes widened again, this time with shock, \"Really?\" \"Really,\" Levi said, finally speaking. \"What are my conditions?\" Tiffany asked. \"What do you mean?\" Vladimir questioned. \"Well I'm sure that you will want me to do something for you in return for being released. And of course, there's got to be some story you want me to tell Morgan.\" \"We ask nothing of you in return,\" Vladimir stated quietly. \"And in terms of a story to tell Morgan, we just ask that you tell her the truth. Levi helped me realize that taking you was a mistake, and therefore, returning you is just me correcting that mistake. We do not want her to think that this is a trap because it is not. I want her to trust me again and this is the only way I feel she can begin that process.\" Tiffany nodded, \"Of course, Vlad. Thank you so much. You have no idea how much I appreciate this.\" \"You are very welcome, my dear,\" Vladimir said, smiling down at her. \"Oh, and please make sure Morgan knows and believes that this was Levi's idea.\" \"Of course,\" she said, smiling widely. \"Levi, please tell my daughter that we have yet to talk to Ashley about also returning, and that once we do, you shall return to discuss it with her.\" \"Yes, Vladimir. I really think this is going to work,\" Levi said excitedly. \"I believe it will too,\" Vladimir stated, smiling. \"You are free to return her whenever she would like Levi. Tiffany, do know that you are always welcome to come back and visit if you would like.\" \"Thank you, Vlad. And please tell Ashley that I said goodbye.\" Then she turned to Levi, \"I'm ready to go back now.\" \"As you wish,\" Levi said with a smile, extending his hand towards her. As she took his hand they disappeared in a plume of smoke. XxX Things had become a lot less complicated now that Alexander had started healing and everything was now out in the open. So they had then be able to continue working and the plan was progressing very well, causing lots of excitement. It was in the middle of the night and the small group of vampires were all sitting in the living room enjoying a small break and a little bit of T.V. They were currently laughing at Alexander because of his lack of knowledge about T.V.s when they were interrupted by a knock on the door. They immediately grew very quiet, and the knock came again. \"Who do you think it could be?\" Morgan whispered. \"I'll check,\" Sasha said as he stood and approached the door. he glanced through the peep hole and his eyes widened in surprise. \"It's Levi,\" he gasped. \"Really?\" Kris stated excitedly. \"Let him in!\" \"No!\" Morgan said in a yelled whisper. \"Morgan,\" Kris said, turning towards her. \"There are four of us and one of him, we'll be okay.\" Morgan looked worried, but didn't object, so Kris turned back to Sasha, \"Open the door.\" Sasha obliged, \"Hello, Levi. Please come in. May we help you?\" He started to close the door behind Levi, but was stopped. Levi turned towards the hallway and spoke. \"Will you please join me?\" he asked, offering his arm to the invisible person. Tiffany slipped her arm into his and looked up at him smiling, ignoring the gasps of surprise from the others in the room, \"Thanks, Levi.\" Morgan grew angry, \"Why are you here? And why is she with you?\" Levi's face faltered, his smile falling, \"Please don't be angry, Morgan. We come here in peace.\" \"He's not lying, Morgan,\" Tiffany said, still smiling, \"We only came to talk.\" Kris jumped in, \"Then by all means, come in and sit down. This must be very important.\" Levi escorted Tiffany over to the couch and they both sat. \"I come here on behalf of Vladimir. He apologizes that he could not be here himself for this happy reunion,\" Levi stated. Everyone's eyes widened at Levi's words. \"Reunion?\" Morgan asked, \"What are you talking about?\" Levi flinched slightly as he watched Alexander place his arm around her, and Tiffany lightly squeezed his hand in comfort. He looked Morgan directly in the eyes, speaking as if she were the only one in the room, \"Morgan, very recently your father began to confide in me; I'm not sure how much he actually wants me to tell you at this point, but he no longer wants to fight with you.\" Morgan gasped. \"Believe me if you want, but he asked me what he should do, and my response is what brings us here tonight. I have come to return to you something you find very important,\" he said, gesturing towards Tiffany. Morgan's hand flew to her mouth in surprise to what Levi had spoke. \"It's true, Morgan,\" Tiffany said, unwinding her arm from Levi's and standing. \"I'm here to stay, with no stipulations.\" Morgan rose from her seat and approached Tiffany, placing both of her hands on her friends' face. \"You're really here? He never hurt you?\" tears began falling freely down her cheeks. \"I'm really here,\" Tiffany squealed, wrapping her arms around her friend tightly. \"He not once tried to hurt me,\" she said, answering Morgan's second question. Morgan pulled her friend even closer to her, \"I'm so glad you're okay.\" Suddenly her face grew hard and she pulled away and looked at Levi. \"You may leave now.\" He tried not to look hurt at her words. \"Of course. I just have one more thing to stay,\" he paused. \"Your father also wanted me to tell you that we have yet to talk to Ashley about her return, but that once we have, I will be back to talk to you. Because of her transformation it makes things a little more complicated.\" Morgan nodded in response and then motioned towards the door. \"I will take my leave now, \" Levi spoke. \"I hope to see you all again very soon. Goodbye Tiffany, it was very nice to get to know you.\" \"You too, Levi,\" Tiffany said. She pulled away from Morgan and rushed to give him a hug. \"Thank you, so much, for everything you have done.\" \"No problem,\" he said, returning her hug. He leaned in close and whispered into her ear, \"Help me, please.\" She pulled away and subtly nodded her head in response to his request. And with that, Levi strode out of the apartment and was gone.[Chapter 23] Chapter Twenty-Three History Revealed: Part I Levi returned to a secluded part of the cemetery and collapsed on the ground, letting the pain he felt overwhelm him. He laid there for what felt like hours, finally getting up when he realized that the sun was rising. He made his way up to the attic, joining the rest of the group. Ashley looked around, \"Where's Tiffany?\" \"Tiffany is no longer with us,\" Vladimir spoke. Ashley, fearing for her friend's life, grew very defensive, \"What did you do to her!\" Vladimir rushed to her side, placing his hands on her face, \"Shh. Nothing like what you are thinking has happened. Your friend is safe and sound in your apartment with Morgan and her friends.\" Ashley's face softened slightly, \"Seriously..?\" Vladimir smiled, \"Yes, my dear.\" Ashley practically jumped into his arms and hugged him tightly, and he slowly returned her embrace. \"Oh Vlad, that was so nice of you... but,\" She pulled away from him, \"but what does that mean?\" \"I no longer wish to fight with my daughter, Ashley. Last night, Levi and I had a very serious discussion and he helped me figure out how I can try to gain Morgan's trust back. He said that the best way would be to return her friends, and so that is what I plan to do. Which leads me to two questions. First, Levi,\" he said as he turned toward him,\" how did everything go?\" Levi stepped forward, \"Everyone was completely shocked. ...Morgan was very wary to begin with, but was also very happy when she was told that Tiffany was there to stay. But as soon as Tiffany left my side I was ordered to leave... I did as I was told, only stopping to say goodbye to Tiffany and giving Morgan the message you told me to deliver.\" \"Good. Thank you, Levi. Secondly, Ashley,\" he said turning back towards her, \"Could we talk privately, please?\" \"Of course, Vlad,\" and she followed him down the stairs that led out of the attic. XxX As the door closed after Levi and she knew he was gone, Morgan pulled Tiffany back into her arms. \"Did that all really just happen?\" she asked in disbelief. \"Yes, Morgan,\" Tiffany chuckled, \"I'm really here, Vlad really let me go just because and it really all was Levi's idea.\" Morgan pulled back and opened her mouth like she had a question but couldn't speak. \"Please, Morgan, ask as many questions as you'd like and I will answer them, if I can, with the truth,\" Tiffany spoke. \"What happened?\" Morgan whispered. \"Levi and Vlad came back after having been gone a majority of the night and asked to speak with me. Once the three of us were alone Vlad told me that he didn't want to fight with you anymore and that he wanted you to be able to trust him again. Apparently, Levi told him that returning me would be the only thing that could possibly make you think he was serious.\" \"How do I know this isn't a trap?\" Morgan asked cautiously. \"It isn't a trap. Or at least that is what I was told. Vlad told me that I was free to go whenever I wanted and that if I ever wanted to come back and visit, I could,\" Tiffany said, slightly smiling, \"He seemed truly genuine, Morgan.\" \"He always seems truly genuine, Tiffany. He's a very good liar,\" Morgan said, frustrated. \"This seemed entirely different than usual though. I don't know a lot because he didn't speak to me for very long but I do know that he genuinely seemed upset that you were no longer in his life and that it all really was because of Levi.\" XxX \"Most importantly, Ashley, I would like to bid you farewell on behalf of your friend. I do say that Tiffany was so excited to go back to Morgan that she asked me to tell you goodbye for her,\" Vladimir said, as he turned to face Ashley, \"Secondly, I have something very important to discuss with you.\" \"Of course, Vlad. You can talk to me about anything.\" \"Like your friend, Tiffany, it has to do with your return. You see,\" he began to slowly pace in front of her, \"like I told you before, I have decided that I no longer want to fight with my daughter. And so, with Levi's help, we are trying to gain back Morgan's trust. I now offer you the same chance that I offered to Tiffany. You may return to Morgan if you would like. I know that your transformation makes things a little more difficult, but I can fix that if you would like m-\" \"You want me to leave...?\" Ashley asked quietly. He stopped pacing and slowly turned to her, trying to mask the emotions in his voice, \"Only if that is what you want, my dear.\" \"And, what if I wish to remain here...?\" she asked as she dropped her head to look at the floor, unsure of his answer. He was instantly at her side, his hand under her chin gently pulling her face up to look him in the eyes, \"Then you are free to stay for as long as you would like.\" The corners of his mouth curved into a smile, \"We are always in need of followers-\" She pulled away from him. \"Is that all I am to you?\" she asked angrily, \"I'm just a stupid follower?\" \"I didn't say that,\" he said quietly. \" You didn't let me finish... We are always in need of followers, but I am also in search for a new 'wife',\" he paused, inhaled deeply and then continued, \"I'm not sure how much you know about me. I don't know if Morgan ever talked to you about her father, but I'm not a very nice person. I have always felt the need to have a wife and the people I picked were always the most attractive of women I could find. Once I turned them I sent them on their way to change as many people as possible and they always ended up getting slain because I never taught them how to avoid slayers or how to protect themselves and I never tried to protect them. I know this sounds harsh, but I must say that even though they were called my wives, I never cared about them... I have not cared about anyone since Morgan's mother all those long years ago. \"Morgan was born special, she is the first in the entire history of our kind to be born a vampire. And because of this she is immune to most things that we as vampires are weak to. I fell in love with her mother, Mina, who was human. There has never been a successful relationship between a vampire and a human; therefore, no one knew what was possible. Mina knew what I was and didn't care, and before too long she became pregnant. During that time getting pregnant out of wedlock was very deeply frowned upon and so, not fully understanding how this came to be, we ran away from her home. She was very excited about the baby but neither of us had any idea what to expect. \"Gestation was decreased with the baby. Instead of the normal nine months, Morgan was born in less than six. We were terrified, knowing that there was no way an average baby could survive being born that early, but she seemed completely healthy. She also had the diet of a normal newborn, and was therefore able to breastfeed. She actually didn't start showing any vampire traits till after she turned one. We were unable to keep pets because of this. She became quite the bitey one, although she never tried to bite her mother or I. Once we discovered that she was indeed half human-half vampire, Mina made me swear that I would transform her once Morgan was of age-back then of age being around twelve or thirteen. \"When she was changed, I swore to her and Morgan that I would never let anything ever happen to either of them. The first several years were amazing, we looked like any normal and happy family. My wife and my daughter were my everything; my beautiful Queen and my adorable Princess... but since the very beginning, there have always been slayers. Not long after the first four of five years a group of Slayers caught our trail. We ran, we went into hiding. We tried everything we could to lose them but nothing worked. One day, after almost a year of running from them, they caught up with us. I tried to distract them while Morgan and Mina got away but we were cornered...\" \"Why didn't you just materialize away from them?\" Ashley whispered. \"At that time, we did not realize that it was a power we were capable of. When I was with Morgan and Mina I did not feel the need or the want to be all-powerful or to fill this world with others infected by my disease. But when Mina was killed, Morgan instantly blamed me and told me that I didn't try hard enough to protect her mother. I lost both my wife and my daughter that day... I may not have lost my daughter physically, but after that day she was never in my life the same way again. I became so full of hatred for the humans that had taken my wife away from me that I then decided to dedicate my life to infecting as many of them as possible in the hopes of destroying the human race. Morgan didn't agree with this, of course, and it only made things between us worse. She found solace in the human friends that she was able to make and it upset me so much that I began to come up with excuses to destroy them. \"And that brings us to where we are now. I did the exact same thing to you, and I apologize... But I must say that the past couple weeks have been very different for me,\" he spoke as he slowly turned his back towards Ashley. \"Being around you has caused me to feel very confused and vulnerable... I have not felt this way for anybody in over a thousand years...\" Ashley approached him and placed her hand on his shoulder, \"What do you mean? What are you trying to say?\" \"I believe I am falling in love with you,\" Vladimir whispered. Ashley's face lit up at his words, a giant smile spreading across her lips. Without thinking she wrapped her arms around the tall man's waist, pulling him to her tightly and speaking quietly into his back, \"I'm falling in love with you, too, Vladimir.\" He pulled away enough so that he could turn and face her, his hands cupping her face, \"I can't promise you anything, I don't know where these feelings might take me... Like I said before, the last person I loved was killed by slayers over a thousand years ago. I tried to protect her and I failed, which means that I could fail again. I will try to keep you safe, but you must learn how to take care of yourself as well...\" \"I will, I promise,\" Ashley murmured. Vladimir stood silently for a moment, his red eyes staring deeply into Ashley's, \"...And I don't want you to go back to Morgan, but at the same time I am afraid to go to her and tell her that I want to keep you for my own. If you were any other person I would send you away, but I am too selfish of a creature to deny myself a person that makes me feel so close to human again...\" Ashley placed her hand on his cheek as she spoke, her voice sounding out low and soothing, \"Shh, Vlad. I don't want to leave either; I won't leave you. I don't want Morgan to distrust you just because we made this decision to try to be together. We just have to prove to her that I am more to you than 'just another wife'; prove to her that your feelings for me are real. I doubt she'll have a problem believing that I am in love with you, but she will probably think you are just playing with my emotions or claiming me as a trophy to prove you've won against her. We just need to figure out how to prove her wrong...\" Vladimir sighed loudly, \"We need to speak to Levi. He'll know what to do.\" Ashley smiled at him, \"You've really begun to trust him, haven't you?\" \"I found that I had the urge to confide in him, but I was unsure of his trustworthiness. I knew he had passed his test, but I could tell how hard being away from Morgan was for him and I was waiting for him to finally break down and beg me to let him return to her. I eventually realized that that wasn't going to happen and felt reassured that he could become my confidant. He knows Morgan so well and I was losing the urge to fight with her. I miss my daughter and the relationship we used to have; it finally dawned on me that, after all these years, I had been doing everything the wrong way. I needed Levi to steer me in the right direction. I want him to fix this so that Morgan will realize that he did this because he loves her... I don't want him to lose her because of me,\" he ended in a whisper. \"She'll understand,\" Ashley reassured him, \"I will make her understand.\" \"Let me retrieve Levi,\" Vladimir stated, pulling away from Ashley. She nodded at him and he disappeared into the attic. A few moments later he returned, Levi following closely behind him. When they reached Ashley, Levi spoke, \"What can I do for you, sir?\" Vladimir turned to him, \"Ashley and I have spoken about many things, including the possibility of her return.\" \"It's not that I do not wish to return to Morgan, I miss her very much, but Vlad and I have realized that we both have feelings for each other and I do not want to miss out on the chance to see where this relationship might take us... I don't want to lose this chance to be happy,\" Ashley stated to Levi, Vladimir grasped and gently squeezed her hand reassuringly. Levi smiled at them, glad to see that they were both happy. \"Let me guess,\" he said with a cocky grin, \"you need my help because you don't know how to go about telling Morgan that Ashley won't be returning to her because you've fallen in love with her. She's going to flip shit.\" He let out a short, harsh laugh. Vladimir looked at him intensely, \"If anyone can know how to approach her about this, it would be you Levi.\" He looked back at Ashley for a moment and then turned back to Levi, a look of utter desperation on his face, \"I'm too selfish of a creature to lose a person that makes me feel like this.\" Levi's mouth fell open in surprise at Vladimir's confession and he stood quietly for a moment, his mind deep in thought, \"The best way to go about this would be for Ashley to come with me when I break the 'bad' news to her. It would be most ideal if both of you could be there, but I don't think she would react to kindly to Vladimir being in her presence. Ashley and I can go and tell her, and if she still has a hard time believing us by the time we have to leave, we could invite her to join us one night to watch how you two interact with each other. She may bring a friend for 'protection' if she would like, but seeing you two together maybe the only way to really convince her...\" Vladimir remained silent for several long moments, taking all of Levi's suggestions into consideration. Finally he spoke, \"I fear you are correct Levi. I wish that I, too, were capable of going with you when you initially break the news to her, but you are right; she will not take kindly to my presence. I also fear that you are correct in the assumption that she will not fully believe anything you say until she can see how I act around Ashley. We will see how she responds during your visit and then we can decide what needs to happen after that.\" \"Sounds like a plan,\" Levi said as he smirked at Ashley. \"Agreed,\" Vladimir spoke, \"Ashley, you and Levi will leave for Morgan's when night falls.\"[Chapter 24] Chapter Twenty-Four History Revealed: Part II The small group of vampires made their usual descent from the attic, Vladimir biding Ashley and Levi farewell at the cemetery's gate. \"You and Levi be safe, my dear,\" Vladimir spoke as he gently placed a kiss on Ashley's cheek. \"We will be,\" Ashley said, smiling up at him. \"I will protect her with my life, Vladimir. I swear to it,\" Levi said reassuringly. \"I know you will,\" Vladimir stated with a small smile. Levi held out his arm and Ashley threaded hers through it as the couple headed away from the cemetery. Once they were several yards away Levi stopped walking and was preparing to materialize them to Ashley's apartment, when Ashley spoke up, \"Do you think we could walk there? It's not that far away and we have all night...\" \"Of course,\" Levi said, smiling down at her as they continued to walk in the direction of her apartment. The pair was quiet for a long moment before Ashley broke the silence, \"Levi, do you mind if I ask you a personal question?\" \"You can ask me anything, Ashley,\" Levi said with a smile. \"Earlier, when Vladimir and I were talking, I was told a lot about his and Morgan's past. He also told me about Mina... Did you realize that Morgan was the only one of her kind? That she was born a vampire?\" \"I didn't know that when I first met her but as we grew up she finally confided in me about what she and her family were. I was terrified at first but not enough to make me leave her side. Even then I was already in love with her,\" Levi said quietly. \"He told me of their entire time together, but he never mentioned you... where do you fall into the story?\" Levi exhaled loudly, \"Morgan and I were born about the same time. Her parents moved into a house down the street from my family's home/my father's workshop. Although her father was rarely seen, her mother quickly became friends with mine and that caused us to be forced together a lot. We became friends quickly and as we grew older, we became attached at the hip. When Morgan and I were about thirteen, her mother turned into a recluse like her father, but my family and I were still invited over to their house for dinner at least once a week and Morgan never faltered on her schedule of seeing me every day. \"Then one day, just a few days after she turned seventeen, she came to me and told me that she had to leave. Something terribly important had come up and she and her parents had to leave immediately and she had no idea when they would be able to come back. She bid me farewell, promising to return the first chance she got,\" his face fell and his voice cracked slightly. \"I went an entire year without seeing her. Not a day went by that I didn't think about her. I missed her desperately, and every day I prayed that she would come back to me. One day my prayers were finally answered. She just appeared on my door step and she was more distraught then I had ever seen her before. Without thinking I wrapped her up in my arms and carrier her inside to rest. \"It was in the middle of the day and so I was momentarily home alone, and that was when she took the time to explain everything to me. She told me who her father was, what her mother had become and how she was special and unlike any other of her kind; and then she completely broke down and told me why she and her family had had to leave so suddenly and what had happened for her to be able to return. I was completely shocked and unsure of how to respond but mostly I felt the extreme need to just comfort her... her father returned that night, but it was obvious that things between them were never the same. Not long after I had turned eighteen she came to me and told me that she had to leave again. She had become completely disgusted with what her father had become after her mother had passed and that she couldn't stay with him anymore. She told me that she wanted a companion to travel with and asked me if I would go with her and said, that if I wanted her to, she would change me to be like her. \"I knew that if she was going to live forever I had to as well. I never wanted to leave her side and, not needing to actually think anything through, I agreed to leave with her. We left as the sun rose the next morning. And she waited to change me until we were far from our home country of Israel. We found an abandoned barn and spent several days there while I changed and became accustomed to my recent changes; Morgan began to discover that she was able to perform powers that she wasn't aware she was capable of, and we soon discovered that I was capable of them as well. That's when we learned we could materialize from place to place but only places we had already been too, which wasn't super helpful at the time. \"We were now forced to only travel by night and took advantage of our increased speed, and before we knew it we had traveled into Russia. We met Sasha there and not long after that he became one of us and we gained another companion. We traveled through Russia for quite awhile and finally Vladimir caught up with us, starting his plan for destroying Morgan's human friends. Then we went to Germany and found some more friends, but Vladimir followed after us again and destroyed more human friends. That was when we decided to flee to Japan, but once again he found us and more friends were destroyed. \"Eventually we made the journey to the New World and we've pretty much been on the east coast ever since. We met Kris shortly after first arriving at Ellis Island. It took longer to persuade her than it did Sasha but she eventually joined us and traveled with us. Vladimir had never been a fan of long distance travel by boat and so he left us alone for quite awhile. We headed in the direction of the Midwest when it became popular, but we never traveled any further than Chicago, and we finally decided that we liked New York City the most and so headed back- and that was where we stayed for a long time. Eventually a slayer discovered that the four of us were all living together and they began tracking us. That was when we realized that they couldn't track Morgan, they thought she was human. So we split up, leaving Morgan in out apartment and the rest of us going into hiding until the slayer lost our trails. that was this first time I ever left her side since we had run away together. \"I had to run and go into hiding for a collective of about fifteen years and by then New York City had changed so much and Morgan had moved somewhere new and so I was unable to find her, she was un-trackable. I never stopped searching for her though, and I was finally saved from my search the day you were stolen and she called for us.\" \"What do you mean she called for you?\" Ashley asked curiously. \"As vampires, we can call our own kind to us. When we were together we created a specific kind of screech, I guess you can call it, that only we would recognize. This is also the only time you can materialize to a place you've never seen before. If the call is for you, you instantly see where the person who called you is standing and so you know exactly where you need to go. It's actually quite handy,\" Levi said with a smirk. \"Sounds like it,\" Ashley said, smiling back. \"So you've been with Morgan since the very beginning?\" \"Yup,\" Levi stated matter-of-factly, \"quite literally the very beginning.\" The pair grew silent for a moment, Ashley letting everything he had just told her sink in. Levi stopped suddenly and looked up at the building they had stopped in front of. It was her apartment complex. She looked at the vampire standing next to her and spoke, \"Are you ready for this?\" \"As ready as I'll ever be,\" he stated as he exhaled loudly, then he reached for the door and opened it for them to walk through. They then hopped into the elevator and proceeded to head in the direction of Ashley's apartment. They rode up to the ninth floor, stepping out of the elevator and turning in the direction of Apartment number 915. They paused in front of the door for a short moment and then Levi reached out to quietly knock on the door a few times. This time, without hesitation, the door was opened by Sasha. \"Good evening, Levi. So good to see you again,\" he sneered, \"Who is your guest?\" \"Sasha meet Ashley. Ashley meet Sasha.\" Ashley reached out her hand and he shook it politely. \"It's nice to meet you Sasha,\" she said giving him a charming smile. When Ashley spoke, Morgan had peaked her head around the corner and gasped at what she saw. Unable to contain herself she rushed to Sasha's side and pushed him out of the way. \"Are you really here?\" she asked quietly. Ashley detached herself from Levi and opened her arms widely for her friend. Morgan rushed into her arms. \"Oh Morgan, it's so good to see you,\" Ashley said, squeezing her friend to her tightly, \"I feel like I haven't seen you in ages.\" Morgan pulled away from her friend slightly so she could look into her eyes and at the same time her hand came up and rested on Ashley's cheek. They stood there like that for a long silent moment, when Morgan finally pulled away in anger. She turned to Levi and spoke is a harsh whisper, \"She's still a vampire! Why is she still a vampire?\" \"Morgan,\" Ashley spoke quietly, \"Levi and I are here to talk to you. Please hear what we have to say before you cast judgment on either of us.\" She glared at Levi for another moment before grabbing Ashley's hand and pulling her all the way into the apartment. Ashley grabbed Levi's hand as well and the two were pulled into the living room. Levi sat down on the couch, in the exact same place he had the previous night with Tiffany. Ashley sat down next to him and gently squeezed his hand in silent support. \"Vladimir spoke to Ashley today about her options. He offered her the same luxury as Tiffany; a chance to be returned to her human form and returned to her home. They had a very long talk and a decision was made-\" Ashley cutoff Levi, \"I want to stay a vampire... and I want to stay with Vlad...\" Morgan's eyes widened in shock, \"Why? Why would you want to do that?\" \"Levi said that Vlad and I had a long talk and we both realized something...\" Ashley rose from her seat and approached Morgan, kneeling in front of her. \"I'm falling in love with him, Morgan,\" she whispered, her eyes not meeting her friends'. It took Morgan a moment to respond, but when she did she exploded, \"What! How can you say that! He kidnapped you and change you against your will! How can you fall in love with that!\" \"The feelings that I have for him have been building over the last week or so, and he told me a lot about his past this afternoon. He told me about you and your mother,\" Morgan stiffened at her words, \"And he told me about the terrible thing that happened to her... I am so sorry that you lost your mother like that...\" A tear fell from Morgan's eye and she spoke quietly, \"Please don't talk about her. I don't want to remember that day...\" \"I think I might have a chance to truly be happy Morgan, and I don't want to lose it. He told me that he thinks he's falling in love with me too. You may not believe me, but you also weren't there to hear the emotions thick in his voice and you didn't see the way that he looked at me as he spoke...\" \"She's right Morgan,\" Levi finally spoke up, \"Your father wishes that he could have been here with us to break this news to you. He also doesn't want this decision to make you hate him even more. He told me himself that he wishes he could make Ashley return to you just to make you happy... but this is just as much her decision as it was his...\" \"I don't believe you!\" Morgan screamed, tearing herself away from Ashley. \"He's tricking you, and he's toying with your emotions. He just wants to claim you as one of his wives because of what you mean to me. Ashley, you can't honestly believe that he really meant what he told you!\" \"I do believe him, Morgan. He has never had a reason to lie to me before and I don't see why he would lie to me about something so important. Why would he tell me the truth about his history and then lie to me about his feelings? It doesn't sound like something he would do.\" \"You don't know him Ashley! You don't know what he became after my mother was killed!\" \"But I do, Morgan. He told me that he was in search of a new wife and we have decided that I will take up that position. I don't want you to hate me for this decision, but you aren't going to get me to change my mind. He's going to teach me how to defend myself, and he promised to try his hardest to protect me. Levi has been helping me learn how to use my powers and I'm sure Vlad will help me with that now, too. And when I'm finally able to materialize properly, I promise to come visit you,\" she spoke, a small smile forming on her lips. Levi stood and slowly approached Morgan, \"There is something that you could do that might make you believe us.\" \"And what is that?\" Morgan said harshly. \"If you wanted to, you and a friend could accompany us back to where we are staying and you could see for yourself the way Vladimir acts towards Ashley. I believe that seeing it for yourself may make it easier for you to believe that what we are telling you is the truth,\" Levi spoke softly. \"No freaking way. Besides, if he knows I'm going to be there then the way he acts could easily just be a lie.\" \"How about, on a night of your choice, I come and pick you up and take you to where we are staying and we can watch him from afar. He won't know you're there and therefore the way he acts can only be truthful. You won't be able to bring a friend this way, not if we're going to try to be sneaky but I swear on my life that you will not come to harm while you are with me,\" he said, strong emotions coursing through his tone. Morgan stared at him intently for a long and silent moment. \"Okay,\" she spoke, her voice a little weary, \"So that it stays completely random, I will call you about an hour before sunset on the evening I want to go and you must be here at the apartment no later than two hours after sunset.\" \"I can handle that. I go out on my own most nights, so getting away from him without notice will be easy,\" he stated, a confident smirk on his lips.[Chapter 25] Chapter Twenty-Five The Stakeout – Part One Levi roughly ran his hand through his hair as he exhaled loudly. \"What are you huffing about?\" Ashley asked as she took a seat next to him on the attic floor. \"It's been two weeks, Ashley. TWO FUCKING WEEKS!\" he said in a harsh whisper. Ashley's smile faded, \"she still hasn't called you yet?\" Levi huffed again, \"Even if she had I couldn't tell you... but, no. She hasn't called for me yet.\" Ashley sighed quietly and wrapped her arms around the vampire, resting her head on his shoulder, \"She will, Levi. I bet she's doing this on purpose. She probably wants to try to catch you off guard.\" \"Well, it's not gonna work!... And she should know that too! She knows how impatient I am... you don't think that she'd just decide not to do it, do you?\" \"Honestly, Levi,\" Ashley murmured, \"I have no idea. But I hope that she wouldn't... we both need her to do this.\" \"I know,\" Levi murmured. XxX Several days passed, and there was still no sign of Morgan's attempt to initiate the \"stakeout.\" Levi was becoming increasingly impatient, and began to pace as the day slowly dimmed and the impending sunset approached. He was preparing to pivot into another lap across the room, when an image of Tiffany and Ashley's living room flickered across his field of vision, causing him to falter in his movements. Ashley immediately noticed Levi's pause, \"Levi, you okay?\" He spun around quickly, trying hard to fight the smile that wanted to spread across his face, \"Yeah, I'm fine. Something just randomly crossed my mind- nothing important.\" \"O-kay...?\" Ashley stuttered in confusion. Levi immediately continued pacing as to not catch any other attention, and also continued to repress his grin. Almost twenty minutes before it was time to head down towards the cemetery, Vladimir spoke, \"Ashley?\" \"Yes, Vlad?\" \"I would like you to stay behind with me tonight so we can begin your training.\" \"Of course, Vlad,\" Ashley said with a smile. \"Levi, you may join us if you would like.\" \"I have a few errands to run, but perhaps after I am done,\" Levi stated. \"Of course,\" Vladimir responded with a slight smile. Finally the sun set and the group of vampires made their short journey from the attic to the cemetery. Levi immediately split from the group, giving a small wave as he headed into the city. He wanted to immediately materialize to the apartment, but didn't want to seem too \"eager,\" so he decided that he could at least walk and could even take the long way around. After almost forty-five minutes of walking, he was standing in front of his destination: Ashley and Tiffany's apartment complex. There was a part of him that was super excited that he was going to get to spend the entire night with Morgan, but another part of him was beyond nervous... He was really hoping everything would go smoothly and that maybe this interaction could even change everything ... He shook the thought from his head, not wanting to get too far ahead of himself. he took a deep breath and then headed through the entrance. XxX Morgan was waiting in one of the bedrooms in the apartment. Kris was also there, trying to keep her calm, \"Morgan, relax. He'll be here.\" \"It's been almost an hour, Kris. What if he doesn't show?\" She rushed, as she paced in front of Kris. \"By the way you're acting it would seem like it actually matters. I thought you hated him for what he did?\" Morgan stopped dead in her tracks and turned towards the vampire. \"Well, it doesn't matter,\" she stuttered quietly, \"But he practically promised, didn't he? The Levi I knew would never break a promise...\" \"You aren't worried at all?\" Morgan looked confused, \"Why would I be?\" \"Well, how do you know that it isn't an ambush? He could very easily have told your father what is happening and he could be leading you into a trap,\" Kris stated. \"So you don't think that I can take care of myself?\" Morgan asked, raising her voice slightly. \"Besides, why are you worried? It's obvious you still think that Levi's a \"good guy,\" even after everything that has happened. You still treat him like your best friend.\" \"I'd say that I'm sorry, but I'm not. I refuse to give up on him when there is no actual proof that he has betrayed us,\" Kris stated. \"He took Alexander and let my father do God-knows-what to him! How does that not count as proof?\" \"You know you're father better than I do, he probably threatened him by saying he'd kill him if he didn't do what he was told to do.\" Morgan's mouth opened quickly to most likely say something bitchy, but Kris interrupted her, \"I'm not saying you have to agree with me, but you get the whole night to be with him, see what he personally has to say about it... albeit he probably won't be able to say a lot about what Vladimir has talked to him about, you can still talk to him about how he feels...\" A soft knock sounded on the front door, and then Sasha's voice sounded out in a clear, \"Welcome, Levi. Please come in.\" Several moments later there was a knock on the bedroom door. \"Our visitor is here,\" Sasha's voice sounded. \"Coming,\" Morgan hollered. Kris appeared at her side and wrapped an arm around her shoulders, \"Breathe, and relax. Remember, it's just Levi.\" Morgan took a deep breath and then the two women exited the bedroom together. \"Hello, Levi,\" Kris spoke warmly. \"How are you this evening?\" \"Pretty good, actually,\" he stated, a large smile on his lips, \"Thanks for asking.\" He then turned towards Morgan, \"You ready to head out?\" \"Yeah,\" she said through an exhale. All of a sudden a set of strong arms wrapped around her middle. Alexander had appeared and he pulled her into a warm embrace. She turned to face him, and her lips formed a soft smile. \"Leaving without saying goodbye, are you?\" he asked with a chuckle. \"Be careful,\" he stated more seriously this time, \"I know you can take care of yourself, but don't be afraid to call if you need us.\" \"I will, I promise.\" \"Be safe,\" he whispered, then gently pressed his lips to her forehead. Levi scowled and then, not-so-quietly, cleared his throat, causing Morgan to turn and glare at him and Kris to chuckle. \"We should leave,\" Levi spoke. Morgan hugged Alexander once more before she pulled away and turned towards Levi, \"Okay, lead the way.\" XxX They stepped out onto the sidewalk, cars rushing by them on the busy city streets. Morgan looked to Levi for what was going to happen next, but when he didn't move she spoke, \"Are we going to go anywhere anytime soon? I was kinda hoping we would get this started right away.\" Levi turned to face her a serious look on his face, \"I am offering you a chance to see how your father has changed. Because of this you must be taken to where we have been hiding for the past few months. I would hope, that no matter what happens tonight, you would not use the knowledge of this location against us.\" \"What do you mean?\" she whispered. \"If I take you there tonight, you must swear on your life that you will never attack us at that location.\" \"Levi...\" \"Do you swear?\" he spoke in a harsher voice this time. \"I would hate to betray Vladimir's trust by allowing you this opportunity and then using it against us.\" \"You would hate to betray Vladimir's trust ?\" Morgan said, raising her voice, \"What about MY TRUST ?\" \"We can talk about that tonight, if you would like... but for now I just need your promise.\" Morgan paused, thinking, \"I-I... I promise.\" Levi's eyes brightened, and a small smile crept its way across his flawless lips, \"Thank you. Now, would you like to walk there? Or would you prefer to materialize?\" \"Is walking okay?\" \"Walking is perfect,\" he spoke with a large smile.[Chapter 26] Chapter Twenty-Six The Stakeout – Part Two For the first fifteen minutes of their walk the two remained silent, each lost in their own thoughts. Morgan: \"ohmygod, ohmygod, ohmygod! Okay. This is really happening...,\" She glanced to her right, making sure Levi was really there. \"Shit! This is really happening! Okay, okay, okay. Breathe, relax. I can do this...I know I think he betrayed us, but maybe Kris is right. I'm not saying I flat out believe her, I'm just saying that she might have a point... I mean, it's Levi. My father is kind of an ass and it would definitely be like him to threaten Levi's life if he didn't do as he was told... but still, Levi went to my father. Vlad had no reason to seek him out. If he's with Vlad, then he went to him on his own. Isn't that betrayal? I mean, he pretty much just turned his back on everything we've ever been through...I want to trust him, and I want to believe that he's still on our side, but I know that I don't feel that way based on his actions... Levi: \"Okay Levi, you got this. You can do this. This is your one chance to prove to her that her father has changed...\" He glanced to his left, looking at Morgan out of the corner of his eye, \"Shit. I am so screwed! If Vladimir isn't on anything but his absolute best behavior, Morgan's never going to believe he's changed... I mean, it'll help that he's with Ashley tonight, she needs to see that he truly feels something for her... And maybe...\" His train of thought was cut off by a voice. \"Hey Levi...?\" Morgan whispered. \"Yes, Morgan?\" he responded quietly. She was quiet for a long moment. \"How have you been the past month or so?\" He sighed internally, \"I've been okay... I guess you could say that things have been kind of complicated.\" \"What do you mean?\" she whispered. \"Honestly, mostly all I really do is hang out with Ashley, and then with Tiffany when she was still there. How is Tiff, by the way?\" \"She's doing well, although I'm a little hurt that she doesn't have anything bad to say about anyone from while she was gone. She won't stop 'swearing on her life' that you're the reason she's home,\" her voice turning sarcastic towards the end. Levi's lips turned up into a small smirk, \"Is that so? Well I'm glad she's happy. I do miss having her around though...\" \"Trust me,\" Morgan stated, \"she still misses you a lot, too.\" Levi chucked quietly, earning himself a small glare from Morgan. \"It's been nice getting to know Ashley, as well,\" he spoke, glancing in Morgan's direction, \"I can understand why you like both of them so much.\" They both fell into a tense silence, both unsure of how to continue their conversation from there. Several long minutes passes when suddenly Levi stopped. Morgan was pulled from her thoughts to take in her surroundings. They were stopped next to a large, black iron-rod fence that stretched a couple blocks in either direction, with a small, hard to see gate right beside them. \"This is a back entrance to where we've been staying, no one will notice us if we enter here... and thankfully Mary's been gone for awhile, so we don't have to worry about her sneaking around.\" Morgan hesitated, Kris's speculations reentering her thoughts, making her unsure of what she might be walking into. Levi noticed her hesitation. \"What's wrong, Morgan?\" he spoke quietly. \"How do I know that I'm not walking into an ambush?\" she whispered, her voice wavering slightly in fear. Levi felt his heart breaking, 'She's afraid I'm leading her to her death... I've destroyed her trust in me...' He sighed softly, \"Do you really think I'd let anything hurt you?\" \"I used to think so, but...now I'm not so sure,\" she spoke, staring at the ground. \"Morgan...\" She continued to stare at the ground. \"Morgan, please look at me,\" he pleaded. She slowly raised her head, meeting his gaze. \"I know that you've tried to convince yourself that I've changed, people do that when they grieve. And I know I've hurt you, and I'm so terribly sorry, but I swear on my life that, if you walk through this gate with me, nothing bad will happen to you. I kept this a secret like I promised I would.\" He paused for a moment, then quietly added, \"Please, trust me like you used to...\" A small battle raged in her head for a few very long moments, but her curiosity won out in the end. It seemed Levi was willing to talk to her and she needed answers. She needed to understand what had happened, and if anything Tiffany had told her over the past couple weeks was even remotely true, she knew she needed to see her father. She nodded in Levi's direction, and he slowly and soundlessly opened the small gate and led her inside. They worked their way up through the center of the cemetery, until they reached the back of the church. \"We usually stay just inside the entrance of the cemetery which is more in front of the church, off to the side,\" Levi spoke very quietly. \"I figured we could scale the church and watch from above first. And then later, if you wanted, we could try to get closer.\" Morgan thought for a moment, then nodded. \"From afar sounds nice, for now,\" and then they began to climb. XxX They quietly worked their way across the roof towards the entrance of the cemetery, trying to locate Vladimir. As they neared the edge of the roof, voices could be heard. They hid behind one of the steeples, glancing down to see Vladimir and Ashley together among the headstones. It was obvious that Ashley's 'lessons' had already begun, and based off of context clues, Vladimir was teaching Ashley how to protect her weak spots- aka her chest and neck, since those were the only two ways to kill a vampire with a physical attack. As they listened, Levi glanced over at Morgan, and could see that she was uncomfortable with what she was hearing. She obviously still wasn't super comfortable with her friends' choices to remain a vampire, and to remain with Vladimir. A few more minutes passed with them sitting quietly and listening. Morgan still looked very uncomfortable, causing Levi to reach out and place his hand on her shoulder in the hopes to try to relax her, however she recoiled from his touch. He stretched across the gap and placed his hand on her shoulder anyway, \"Morgan, relax.\" He paused a moment, pulling his hand away. \"What's wrong? Did I do something...?\" He asked without thinking. Morgan turned to face him, incredulously. \"Did you do something?!\" She asked in a harsh whisper. \"Let me see, oh yeah, you left in a rage and joined up with my father who pretty much wants me dead. Oh no. I don't think you did anything wrong at all,\" she finished sarcastically. He immediately regretted his question, and sighed softly, \"I'm so. . .\" \"Why?\" she murmured. \"Morgan . . .\" she cut him off again. \"Why?!\" she pleaded. He paused for a moment, not sure how to continue. \"I was jealous and hurt . . . and I was finally tired of hiding my feelings for you. And once I had told you, I wanted you to make Alexander ,\" he sneered his name, \"leave. When you wouldn't, the jealously got worse and I could no longer control it. I was hurt and I wanted you to hurt as much as I was- I wasn't thinking clearly . . .\" \"That's an understatement,\" Morgan mumbled. He turned to face her, looking her straight in the eyes, \"I love you,\" he murmured, \"I have since the day I first met you . . .\" She broke the eye contact after a long moment, staring down at her hands, \"That doesn't change what you did Levi.\" He grabbed her hand, pulling her gaze back up to his. \"I know,\" he whispered passionately, \"I also know that no matter how many times I say 'I'm sorry' it will never change what I did.\" He paused for a moment, thinking over his words carefully. \"I don't want to be forced to pick sides, because even though I consider Vlad a friend, no friend will ever be as important as the woman I love,\" he stated with the utmost sincerity. Morgan tried to resist the urge to melt into a puddle at his words, but was failing miserably. In hopes to distract herself, she clung to the words he had spoken a moment before, \"You consider Vladimir a 'friend'?\" \"I really do,\" he murmured. \"Ever since the day I brought Tiffany to you we've been getting closer. He has been trusting and confiding in me and I have gotten to know a side of your father that I didn't even know existed. He smiles, he laughs, he cracks jokes . . . He's even started being sarcastic! It's very weird, but I enjoy the company of this new Vlad.\" As he continued to speak, Morgan's eyes grew wider and wider. When he finished her mouth was agape. She suddenly realized what she probably looked like, snapping her mouth shut. She was silent for a moment longer, \"He sounds like the father I remember . . . before my mother died . . .\" Her voice trailed off as her thoughts about her father and Levi's reported changes in his behavior clicked together. She gasped quietly and shifted so she could better see Ashley and her father. XxX An hour passed in silence. The couple had been observing Ashley and Vald's interactions. Vlad had continued teaching Ashley about her vulnerabilities and how to defend them when fighting. Levi realized that this was actually a very good night to be observing, since training a 'wife' how to protect herself was not something that Vlad had done in the past. And during the process of the 'defense class,' Vlad was very gentle and loving with Ashley. He never said anything condescending or negative, always complementing her efforts so far and even encouraging her to do better. Levi could tell that Morgan was becoming more and more surprised by the minute over her father's behavior. He then realized that he had never released Morgan's hand, and so, in the hopes to comfort her, he gently squeezed her hand. Her eyes were drawn to the pressure and he saw a soft smile flit across her flawless lips. He chuckled softly at her reaction and stood, pulling her to her feet with him. \"Come on. Let's get closer.\" They scaled down the back of the church and silently made their way around the side towards the entrance of the cemetery. They approached one of the many courtyards of the cemetery, hiding behind a large tomb, and glanced into said courtyard. Ashley and Vlad were now taking a small break. \"You're doing a wonderful job,\" Vlad spoke with a smile. Ashley, who was sitting on the ground catching her breath, looked up at him with a wide smile on her face, \"Thank you. You're a wonderful teacher.\" \"I have had many, many years to hone my gifts,\" he said with a chuckle, \"But you will get there quickly enough. You are a very fast learner.\" Ashley blushed at his words, and in response Vlad knelt down next to her placing his hand under her chin, running his thumb along her jaw line. \"You are absolutely beautiful,\" he spoke passionately. His words caused Ashley to blush more. He chuckled at her reaction and gently kissed her on her forehead before standing again, \"Are you ready to continue you're training?\" \"Yes. Let's,\" Ashley stated as Vlad helped her to her feet. At the sight of Vlad's tenderness Morgan turned from the couple, bracing herself against the tomb that was hiding them, and slid down to the ground in shock. Levi knelt down next to her, \"Hey. Are you okay?\" \"What is going on?\" she whispered. \"I told you he's changed...\" he murmured, \"He's been like this for over a month now.\" \"This behavior was all I knew while my mother was still alive... but the moment she was gone,\" a tear slid down her cheek, \"the father I knew and loved was gone...\" \"Shhh,\" Levi whispered, wiping the tear from her cheek,\" It's okay, Morgan. Don't cry...\" Suddenly, unable to control herself, Morgan threw her arms around Levi's neck, pulling him close to her and burying her face into the crook of his neck. Her actions surprised him at first, but he quickly relaxed, wrapping his arms around her and hugging her back. She was crying very softly and his grip tightened around her. \"Shhh,\" he murmured into her hair. Her grip tightened around his neck, and he heard her whisper, \"God, I missed you so much.\" Levi smiled softly then pulled away, looking down at Morgan, \"Are you okay?\" \"Yeah,\" she said, wiping the tears from her cheeks. \"Good,\" he spoke with a small chuckle, \"Now we need to get focused back on why we're here.\" She nodded and they both stood, peaking around from behind the tomb. Vladimir was now talking to Ashley about the process of transforming for the first time, \"It's going to be the hardest the first time. You just need to focus on the shape of the animal you want to become and then will your body to shift into that shape.\" He paused for a moment before continuing, \"The easiest form for a vampire to assume is a wolf, however, as your skill increases you will eventually be able to transform into any animal. We will begin with the wolf form. Observe.\" Suddenly Vladimir's original form began to melt away until all that was left in front of her was a large pitch black wolf with blood red eyes. He bared his teeth in a wolfy smile and then walked up to the vampire in front of him, nosing under her hand. She smiled and gently scratched the wolf behind his ears earning her a happy and contented growl and a lick on the arm. The wolf then backed away from her, melting back into Vladimir. \"That was amazing!\" Ashley spoke excitedly. \"Each person's forms look slightly different. For example, when Morgan transforms she has two small black spots on her left cheek in coordination with her moles on her cheek. Also, most of her forms are a fawn color.\" \"That's so cool,\" Ashley exclaimed. \"Do you have any defining characteristics?\" \"Yes. My forms are almost all completely black, and every form retains my blood red eyes.\" Ashley's eyed widened minutely at his words, \"Is it my turn to try?\" \"Yes. Just remember what I said, do nothing but focus on the shape you want to assume and then will your body to change shape.\" Ashley's eyes closed, obviously completely focused on her task. Her form began to melt, but then stopped. She opened her eyes and frowned. She repeated the process a few more times before huffing loudly and stomping her foot in irritation, \"What am I doing wrong?!\" \"Try focusing on the shape for a longer period of time. Your brain must be able to perfectly picture the entire shape from every angle to properly change. Also, if you have any doubt about the process at all, no matter how small, you will never be able to succeed.\" Ashley's eyes closed again, her body remaining unmoving for several minutes. Suddenly her body began to melt and then before Vladimir stood a beautiful pure white wolf, her coat glowing in the moon light. He looked into her eyes and shivered slightly as his gaze was pierced by the lightest ice blue eyes he had ever seen. He spoke up, \"To change back, let yourself relax and ease back into your original form.\" Moments later Ashley was standing before him, a large smile plastered across her beautiful face. Vladimir returned the smile and she ran towards him, throwing herself into his arms, \"I did it!\" He spun her around a couple times celebrating with her and as he set her on her feet, his lips met hers in a very deep and passionate kiss, his arms pulling her close to him. In response and without thinking, Morgan gasped loudly. The moment was over and Vladimir's head snapped up in the direction of the sound, pushing Ashley behind him, \"Who's there?\" Levi turned to Morgan, \"Stay put, \"he mouthed. She responded with a quick nod. He then stepped out from behind the tomb and walked into the courtyard, making himself visible. Vladimir instantly relaxed, \"Levi, you scared me. What are you doing hiding over there?\" \"I apologize, Vlad. I was just enjoying Ashley's lessons from afar. I didn't want to distract her,\" he spoke with a jokingly condescending tone. Ashley rolled her eyes at him. \"Very good job, by the way,\" Levi spoke, \"I've never seen anyone, other than Morgan, transform that quickly for their first time.\" She smiled as Vladimir pulled her close to his side, \"Isn't she amazing?\" \"She is,\" Levi chuckled. \"You also have one of the most beautiful wolf forms I have ever seen. It's the exact opposite of Vlad's.\" \"Really?\" she asked, twisting to look up at Vladimir. \"Yes. You have the purest white coat I have ever seen...,\" he murmured, \"And I have also never seen a gaze more piercing than yours. Your eyes were ice blue...\" \"Awesome,\" Ashley smiled. She then turned to Levi, \"Can I see your wolf form?\" \"Of course.\" Moments later a chestnut colored wolf stood before the couple. His eyes were a deep chocolate color and his black nose was speckled with pink. He stood there quietly for a moment, before suddenly throwing his head back and howling loudly into the night. Then his form shifted again, turning into a small brown tabby cat, his nose still speckled in pink and black. He approached Ashley, rubbing against her legs and purring loudly. Vladimir chuckled, looking down at the cat. \"Levi, you are being a showoff,\" he said, reaching down to run his fingertips along the cat's spine. He then turned to Ashley, \"Not everyone has the skill to change between forms without first reassuming their original form. And if you're really talented, you can assume multiple of the same form at once, like a flock of birds.\" Levi hissed in Vladimir's direction, \"I'll take that as Levi saying he is isn't capable of that,\" he laughed. Levi reassumed his original form, \"I've tried, but I'm not sure how to properly focus my mind when having to split my conscious like that.\" \"Like I told Ashley, if any part of you doubts yourself the transformation will never happen. And it's not really a splitting of your conscious. It's more like you are the flock, and you move as one.\" Suddenly Vlad's form burst into a flock of bats, flying high into the sky then coming back and landing on the ground back in his original form. Levi closed his eyes, focusing on Vlad's words and the images he had just witnessed. He was still for a long time and Morgan watched him from the shadows. Suddenly, just like with Vladimir, Levi's form burst into a brightly colored flock of Lorikeets, their beaks covering with a black speckling. The birds flew towards the couple, landing on them anywhere they could and the rest settling on the ground at their feet. The birds chirped in a happy chorus before taking off, Levi landing with a thud on the ground in front of them. \"The landing is the hardest part,\" Vlad laughed loudly, Ashley joining along. Levi stood with a large smile, \"That was so liberating! I have never felt so free.\" They continued to laugh for a few more moments, before Levi spoke up again, \"It's also very exhausting. I'm going to go feed before the night is over. Have fun with what's left of your training tonight.\" \"Have a good dinner, my friend,\" Vlad spoke, \"I will see you before dawn.\" Levi smiled back and nodded. He then turned on his heels and headed back in the direction he had come, grabbing Morgan's hand and materializing on the spot. Morgan looked around and realized that they were at the same back gate they had used to enter the cemetery. She looked up at Levi, not sure what was going to happen next. \"I really am exhausted, but I won't hunt tonight.\" \"I should probably be getting home,\" she changed the subject, \"they'll be wondering where I am.\" \"Okay,\" he spoke softly. \"I have a lot I need to think about. Tonight was a very eye opening experience.\" He looked deep into her eyes, \"Will I get to see you again soon...?\" \"Like I said,\" she spoke, \"I have a lot of thinking to do, but I will try to call for you soon...\" she turned to leave, and his eyes drifted closed, sad to see her go. Suddenly, her felt her lips brush against his ever so gently, and she murmured, \"Thank you, Levi.\" But once he opened his eyes, all that was left of her was her readily disappearing cloud of smoke.[Chapter 27] Chapter Twenty-Seven The Hunt Morgan materialized in the entryway, the events of the night playing through her mind. She shrugged out of her jacket, placing it on the coat rack by the front door and rounded the corner into the living room where everybody was waiting. Sasha and Kris were sitting on the couch, Alexander was on the loveseat and Tiffany was sitting on the floor leaned up against the arm of the couch next to Kris. Alexander saw her and rushed to her side, \"Hey. How did everything go?\" Morgan sighed, \"I don't know.\" Kris spoke from the couch, \"Are you okay?\" \"Yeah. Tonight was just an eye opening experience and I'm not quite sure how to feel right now.\" Alexander reached out towards her and she subtly shifted away from him. Kris noticed the interaction and she rose from her seat, approaching Morgan. \"You want to talk about it?\" she asked. \"Yeah. Let's go in the bedroom. Tiff, will you come too?\" \"Of course,\" she said with a large smile as she rose from her spot on the floor and joined the two vampires. The three then walked towards the bedroom leaving the boys in the living room. Alexander watched them until the bedroom door closed, then turned to Sasha, a worried look on his face, \"Do you think she's really okay?\" \"Yeah. She just seems really overwhelmed. I mean, if anything Levi and Ashley said was even remotely true, she's probably in shock. Just give her some time,\" Sasha said with a reassuring smile. XxX The door closed and Morgan practically collapsed on the bed. Tiffany sat down next to her, gabbing and squeezing her hand gently. \"What happened tonight?\" Kris asked worriedly. Morgan sighed, \"My father has completely changed. I barely even recognized the man I saw tonight...\" \"How was your time with Levi?\" Kris asked suggestively. Morgan rolled her eyes at her friends' tone, and her thoughts drifted back to the nights' events. \"As much as I hate to tell you this, I think you were right about Levi,\" she whispered. Kris chuckled at her words and Tiffany mumbled, \"'Bout time.\" Morgan took a moment to glare at both of them, then sighed again and began her story of tonight's events. She paused when she got to the end, afraid to tell them about how she had kissed him, \"I turned to just leave, but I couldn't do it... I turned back around and his eyes were closed. I could tell that he didn't want me to leave and without thinking I just... I-I kissed. him.\" Kris' eyes grew wide and Tiffany smiled slightly. \"You kissed him...?\" Kris asked. \"Yeah... After everything he had said and done for me tonight... I didn't think, I just reacted. And it wasn't much of a kiss,\" she said, trying to backtrack a little. \"It was so soft that my lips barely even touched his... and then I told him 'thank you,' and materialized here.\" Morgan's voice grew faint, barely even a whisper, \"I left before he opened his eyes. I knew, you know, that if I looked into them after that, after what I'd just done, I probably wouldn't have been able to leave at all...\" Kris approached the bed, sitting on the other side of Morgan, and wrapped her arm around her friends shoulder. \"So Vladimir was surprisingly good with Ashley, wasn't he?\" she asked, deciding to change the subject. \"I haven't seen him like that since my mother passed,\" she whispered. \"It was also interesting how open he was with Levi. I don't think my father has ever really had friends before...\" \"Well, that could be a good sign, couldn't it?\" Kris asked. \"Yeah,\" Tiffany agreed, finally speaking up. \"It proves he's changing, right?\" \"Exactly,\" Kris exclaimed, answering Tiffany's question. \"And I doubt that even Vladimir could have kept that act up all night just because he knew you were there. He's not that good of an actor!\" Morgan sighed again, running her had across her face in frustration, \"I don't even know what to think anymore!\" Tiffany squeezed her hand again, drawing Morgan's attention back to her, \"Just follow your heart.\" XxX Two days had passed since Levi and Morgan's night at the cemetery, and he was having a hard time keeping the night's happenings from Ashley. She could tell that something had happened recently but Levi, being the ever increasingly stubborn vampire that he was, wouldn't tell her anything. He wouldn't even give her hints about what might have occurred! The sun had just set, and they were walking towards the cemetery when things finally clicked in Ashley's mind. She smirked mischievously and skipped over to Levi's side, looping her arm with his. \"Hey,\" she said happily. \"Hey,\" Levi smiled, \"Ready for more training tonight?\" \"Not really... Want to go hunting tonight instead?\" \"Only if it's okay with Vlad. He's the one in control of your training regime.\" Ashley glanced over her shoulder towards Vladimir, who was walking behind them, \"Vlad, can Levi and I go hunting tonight?\" He looked at her and smiled, \"Of course, my dear.\" Ashley's smile grew wider and she ran back to him, kissing him on the cheek,\" Thanks!\" She hurried back to Levi's side and rushed him out onto the New York City streets. \"So,\" Ashley spoke, \"where are we going to hunt?\" \"I want to head back to the mainland and find some woods to run in. I didn't realize how much I missed my wolf form until the other night,\" Levi said with a grin. Ashley laughed in response, \"So we're flying?\" \"Yup,\" he chuckled. The night before Vlad had helped Ashley establish a second animal form that she could use for flying. So she learned the second easiest form for vampires: the bat. Ashley's form melted until nothing but a small bat was left flapping in the air. Her fur was pure white, like her wolf form, and she had ice blue eyes. Levi transformed as well, choosing to be an owl, his beak speckled with pink, and flew in the direction of the mainland with Ashley following closely behind. After about an hour of flying, Levi saw a place that he deemed appropriate and soared down into the treetops. He hopped lower into the tree until he was low enough to drop to the ground, hitting the ground on all fours in his wolf form. Ashley landed next to him in her original form, mumbled something about him still being a showoff, and then joined him in her wolf form as well. He looked at Ashley and barked out a wolfy chuckle. She rolled her icy eyes, and then suddenly took off in the opposite direction taking Levi by surprise and making him push himself to catch up. Levi wasn't entire sure where he had brought them, and he also wasn't entirely sure about what kind of wildlife might inhabit the woods they were now running in. As he continued to try and keep up with Ashley's quick form, his nose caught the scent of something that smelt delicious to the wolf part of his brain. He stopped, barking in Ashley's direction to catch her attention. She slowed and made a wide looping circle back to Levi's side. She looked at him in confusion, not sure why he had stopped her. Levi inhaled deeply as a gesture, and then let out a low whine while looking in the direction of the scent. Ashley caught on quickly after that. She let out a deep throaty growl in response and with a quick nod between them they trotted in the direction of the fresh scent. They probably followed the trail for about thirty-five minutes before they turned up anything interesting. Every step they took through, the trail became more and more fresh. Their pace slowed as they realized they were reaching a clearing, and that their prey was most likely just on the other side of the tree line. As the approached the clearing they ducked behind a tree and peered into the open space. Thankfully they were downwind, or they may have startled the small herd of six deer grazing lazily in the middle of the small clearing. Levi's ears went flat against his skull and his teeth bared in a wolfy smile, a hungry glint in his eye. Ashley understood the look in his eyes and she smiled back at him in return. They had both singled out the same large doe closest to them, Levi motioned for her to approach from behind, while he attacked from the side. They both got to their positions, and crouched down ready to pounce. Ashley wasn't sure what he was waiting for, but she refused to move before him. The minutes ticked by in the silence, when Levi suddenly sent out a quick low bark, startling the herd, and then they were off after the frantic doe. Ashley reached her first, lunging and sinking her claws in the flanks of the doe slowing her down and dragging her towards the ground. And then Levi was there, at her throat with his teeth, and with one quick movement, the doe was knocked to the ground, her life pouring from her throat onto the forest floor. Even though they were in the form of wolves now, they still only ate like vampires. The two wolves quickly began lapping at the pool of blood forming form the wound of the now dead doe's neck. They drank until they were sated, but before running away from their kill Levi pressed his nose against the forehead of the doe and whined in thanks, then trotted off into the woods leaving Ashley to catch up to him this time. They traveled about fifty yards from the clearing before he decided to return to his original form, Ashley doing the same when she caught up, \"Did we really just kill a deer?\" Levi chuckled at her statement, \"I find what we just did much more sporting and satisfying then hunting and draining humans, wouldn't you agree?\" She thought about his statement for a moment before speaking, \"I do. I just have never really spent a large amount of time in any one given form before and I never realized how a part of your brain belongs to that form while you're in it. I mean, we had no way to really talk to each other and yet I knew what you meant with simple head gestures and eye movements. I also have no idea how I knew to attack like that... was that instinct...?\" \"Yeah, it was. For some reason, whenever you change forms, the part of your brain that houses instincts, changes along with you. It's very helpful, especially in situations like that,\" he said with a smile. \"Hey Levi?\" Ashley asked. \"Yeah?\" he spoke, turning to fully face her. She was quiet for a moment, \"You saw Morgan the other night, didn't you?\" Levi frowned slightly and turned away from her, \"I don't know what you're talking about.\" Ashley sighed, \"C'mon, you can tell me the truth. It's not like I'll-\" \"You know it's not because I don't trust you,\" he sighed. \"You were there that night Ashley, I promised her that I would keep everything a secret. I can't betray her trust, not again...\" She understood, but it didn't make it hurt any less. She was quiet for a long moment and then came up with an idea, \"Let's speak hypothetically. Can we do that?\" Levi glanced in her direction with a small smirk, \"Maybe.\" \"Well, let's say, hypothetically , that she came two nights ago?\" \"Go on,\" he stated. \"It would have been a perfect night because Vlad was doing everything with me that he'd never done for another 'wife.' And he was also very loving...\" She paused remembering the evening. \"That was the noise, wasn't it? When we kissed, that was her?\" Levi was silent. \"Nice cover Levi, you're lucky Vlad trusts you so much.\" That statement caused Levi to frown again. \"That's part of the problem though, isn't it? They both trust me, but in the situation I've gotten myself into I have to hide something from one of them. I either hide the truth from Vlad, who I just recently gained all this trust from. Or I break my promise to Morgan, betraying her trust again. It's a lose-lose situation. Either way I'm gonna piss someone off.\" Ashley walked to Levi's side, placing her hand on his shoulder and leaning her cheek against the side of his upper arm, \"Stick with keeping your promise to Morgan. Her trust is more important, and I'm sure if Vlad were to find out, he'd understand.\" Levi took in her words and then paused, wondering if he should hold his tongue or not. \"She kissed me...\" he breathed. Ashley's eyes widened and she pulled away so she could better see his face. \"What?\" \"Yeah,\" he whispered shakily. \"And then she was just gone.\" \"Levi...\" Ashley started, but he interrupted her. \"C'mon. Let's go home.\" And without saying anything else he melted into the same owl and started flapping away silently, leaving Ashley no choice but to transform into a bat and hurry after him. XxX They flight home seemed to take forever. The tension between the two flying creatures seem so thick that you could cut it with a knife. Ashley could understood why Levi was so upset, but she didn't understand why he seemed to be taking it out on her. Usually she was the person he went to to confide it when it came to Morgan, why was he all of a sudden just ignoring her. She rolled her eyes in annoyance at his behavior as they finally reached the big city. They both landed in front of the church in their original forms. \"Go to Vladimir,\" Levi spoke. \"I'm sure he misses you and he'll want to hear all about our little adventure this evening.\" \"What about you?\" she said, as she turned to look at him. In response his form quickly melted into the same small brown tabby with a freckled pink nose from two nights ago. She tried to step closer to him and he hissed at her. \"Levi...\" and then he was gone, running away from her. She sighed sadly, not sure how to help her friend, and they slowly made her way into the cemetery to find Vladimir. A few moments later, she found him among the headstones, a beautiful and freshly dead woman lying on the ground a few feet from where he now stood. He looked up when her heard her approach, \"Ashley, my dear. I apologize for not having my mess cleaned up before you got here.\" She didn't speak as she approached him, only shrugged her shoulders. When she was in front of him she wrapped her arms around his waist and laid her cheek against his chest. She inhaled deeply, breathing in the salty-sweet scent of the blood fresh in his veins. He responded by wrapping his arms around her tightly and kissing her softly on the top of her head, \"How was your hunt tonight, my dear?\" \"It was actually pretty fun. Levi and I hunted together as wolves and took down a doe. It was an amazing experience.\" Vladimir chuckled quietly, \"And where is Levi now?\" Ashley pulled away so that she could look up at him, and he was surprised to see a frown on her lips and sadness in her eyes. \"I don't know,\" she whispered. \"He got closed off and quiet right before we headed back and then when we got back, instead of heading back with me he transformed into a cat and ran away from me...\" She was on the verge of tears, and Vladimir pulled her back, tight against his chest. \"He'll be back before dawn, I promise.\" He just hoped he was right. ","Summary":" Chapter One The Dream He was always there, there in her dreams. There was never a night when she di"},{"Movie":"Niñas Mal","Title":"Welcome To The Jungle","Author":"AryaBaratheon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6591821","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Autor: pau_chan / Animefan777 Fandom: Niñas Mal Claim: Adela Huerta, Martín Huerta, menciones de Piti, Fatu y Axel Tabla: 30 vicios Tema: #1 - Límite Título: Límite Resumen: Porque Adela Huerta desconocía límites y se lo enseñó a Martín muy bien Advertencias: De los primeros capitulos de la serie, que nunca ví, porcierto Notas: Zeta: el hámster de Piti, según él, su mujer perfecta sería como Zeta Límite No recuerda como acabó por allí, frente al senado con Piti, Fatu y Axel, quizás era (como de costumbre) producto del aburrimiento y la hermosa sensación de arruinarle la vida a su padre Martín. Sonríe mientras sostiene la gasolina en sus manos mientras le pregunta a sus tres mosqueteros. — ¿Trajeron los fósforos, chicos? — —Ay Adela, si acabamos en la cárcel es por tu culpa—Murmuro Axel —Y yo tengo que cuidar a Zeta*—Hablo Piti, como si eso fuera la cosa más importante del universo. Fatu se limito a mirarla mientras Huerta empezó a cubrir el carro de su papi de gasolina, los tres miraban incrédulos eso, solo esperaban que el papá de Adela no los denunciara o algo y cuando Adela prendió el fosforo…oh no, no iba a hacer… Si, lo hizo, el carro andaba en llamas, ninguno sabe que decir mientras Piti habla al final. —Y aquí reposa, carro último modelo, mientras vivió nos hizo muy felices a todos— Y no pueden evitar reírse ante ese comentario, mientras Martín posa los ojos en su hija, que sonríe de medio lado. Esa vez Adela había pasado el límite. Zeta: el hámster de Piti, según él, su mujer perfecta sería como Zeta. Es de la tabla de 30 Vicios del Livejournal, será con una Niña Mal diferente :D[Chapter 2] Autor: pau_chan Fandom: Niñas Mal Claim: Greta Domenechi Tabla: 30 vicios Tema: 2-Sumisión Resumen : ¿Quién diría que la niñita sumisa por las noches se volvería una chica traviesa que salía a cazar? Advertencias: Ninguna Notas: Niñas Mal es propiedad de MTV Sumisión Greta no sabía vivir de otra manera que no hacer lo que le dijeran sus padres o Ingrid, jamás se preguntó cómo sería vivir siendo ella misma, enamorándose de quien ella quisiera, en resumen: no sabía lo que era soltarse, o ser salvaje como la insoportable de Adela. Y ella pensaba que no era necesario saberlo, ya que, tenía una bonita familia que se preocupaba por ella y estaba prometida con ni nada más ni menos que Enrique Linares, todos le decían que era suertuda, y ojala hubiera sido así. Hasta que, vio a Kike junto a Agustín en el límite, engañándole a ella y quedando como la estúpida que iba a las aburridas reuniones con él, así fue como entro en la casa de Maca y todo su universo se cayó, que ser la niña buena a veces no le salvaba de eso. Suspiro y miró la peluca, Domenechi sonrió de medio lado, hacer eso no sería bueno en su mundo… Pero que mas daba, lo que no supieran, no le hacía daño. \"Greta por el día y Lola por la noche\" Pensó para sí. ¿Quién diría que la niñita sumisa por las noches se volvería una chica traviesa que salía a cazar?[Chapter 3] Autor: pau_chan Fandom: Niñas Mal Claim: Nina Sandoval Tabla: 30 vicios Tema: #4 Medicina Resumen : Nina jamás se imaginó acabar así, tan desesperada Advertencias: Menciones de suicidio Notas: Niñas Mal es propiedad de MTV Medicina Observó la medicina que las raras de la otra casa habían traído, era un calmante de caballos, según había dicho Emiliano, una vez, hasta bromeando les había dicho a las chicas \" ¡Ojala yo estuviera sedada para no soportarlas a todas ustedes!\" Se la había quedado por si acaso perdía el control al estar con esas enfermas, y menos mal que lo hizo, ella no sabía que iba a caer en ese abismo, observo la droga embobada ¿a quién le importaba sí ella moría? Digo, aparte de Rafa, y él lo superaría. Lloro en silencio. En el fondo agradecía que la joven Huerta le hubiera gritado que se desahogara. Abrió el grifo de la tina y cuando acabó de llenarse, tomo un par de pastillas calmantes y se sumergió en el agua, eso podría haber sido la medicina completa para todo su maldito dolor y a su vez, su perdición. Perdición que acabó cuando Adela y Mari la sacaron de la tina.[Chapter 4] Autor: pau_chan Fandom: Niñas Mal Claim: Pía Montoya Tabla: 30 vicios Tema: 18-Sumisión Resumen : Pía detestaba el olor a tabaco, le recordaba a su pasado Advertencias: Ninguna La adolescente estaba allí, en el cuarto junto con otras chicas que, pese a que todas andan igual que ella por la misma razón, no intercambian palabras, simplemente se miran, esperando a que Andy llame a alguna de ellas, que normalmente suele ser ella porque es muy linda. Quizás demasiado. Ella reza, reza para que pillen a Andy y lo metan preso, que la saquen de ahí, quiere ver a su madre y abrazarla. Pero sabe que por ahora, ese sueño es imposible, la voz –sádica, imponente- de Andy la llama, con ese sonidito. Ella obedece –como si tuviera otra opción, carajo- y va, es sencillamente una muñeca para Andy, tendría arreglo, y si no servía, la desechaba. El cuarto a donde se dirige huele a tabaco y a lujuria, mientras el nuevo cliente de Andy le comienza a quitar la ropa. Pía detestaba el olor a tabaco, porque le recordaba ese jodido pasado.[Chapter 5] Personajes: Greta Domenechi, Adela Huerta. Escribir La joven escritora estaba allí, tomando autógrafos de su libro 'Mi experiencia en Casa Maca' que había servido como experiencia a jóvenes controladas por su familia, tal como ella (quienes ahora siempre le piden dinero, hipócritas), una sonrisa nostálgica se coló en los labios de Greta. ¿Cómo estarían Adela, Valentina, Pía, Marisa y Nina? A Nina no la ve desde que salió de casa Maca, igual con las otras cuatro, sabe que Adela se fue a un pueblito con Ignacio, pero nada más. A veces extrañaba las escapadas y peleas con ellas, eran divertidas en cierta manera, escucha una voz que hacía años que no escuchaba, aquella voz que con franqueza y con un poco de arrogancia –típicos de ella- le dijo. —Nachito me dijo que me veo muy odiosa en tu libro, Lola — —Es que así eras, Adela—Se limita a contestar, sin saber si debería reírse o enojarse por el comentario de la senadorcita. Adela sonrió de medio lado, hacía tiempo que no veía a la Greta, la misma que se ponía una peluca y salía por las noches –cosa que aún le mata de risa-, la que era estúpida e inocente, pero que al final se despabilo, con su adorable ayuda, porque era una excelente persona. —Odio los libros, pero tal vez valga la pena leerlo ¿Hablas de Kike-veneno? — —Obvio, ayer vi a Maca, dijo que estaba asombrada de las cosas que hicimos cuando ella no veía, que si lo hubiera sabido nos deja a todas allí por lo menos 5 años más— — ¿Y hablas de tus salidas nocturnas como Lola Happyhour? — —Supéralo de una buena vez, Adela— — ¿Y de todo lo que Kike te hizo? ¿Y de Emiliano?— Silencio. Greta sonrió triste y miro al piso, Adela le puso una mano en el hombro en forma de solidaridad, increíble que esas dos se odiaran a muerte al principio y que acabaran siendo buenas amigas, tal vez el idiota de Kike hizo algo bueno. —Dame cinco ejemplares gratis, Greta— —Cómpralos, que tienes plata— —Mañana acorde con verme con las chicas, así que dámelos gratis o te seguiré llamando Lola, Lola— Los ojos a Domenechi se le iluminaron — ¿Verse? ¿En dónde? — —En casa Maca, obvio, duh. Conseguí comunicarme con Valen y Marisa, ellas se comunicaron con Pía y Nina respectivamente—Respondió —Ni muerta te los doy, se los daré yo en persona— —Eso quería oír, mañana a las 2, de paso conoceremos a nuestras sucesoras y les contaremos los secretos de nuestras escapadas ¿vale? — Greta sonrió y asintió. Adela seguía igual que siempre. -Continúa en \" leer\"-[Chapter 6] Leer Allí estaban después de un largo tiempo las seis 'Niñas Mal' reunidas en la sala de Maca, debido a que las actuales habían tenido un 'Día Libre' y eso que Adela parecía estar un poco decepcionada de no poder enseñarles las formas de escaparse de la casa sin que nadie lo notara. —Hacía mucho tiempo que no nos veíamos ¿no? —Dijo Marisa sonriendo —Sí, mi vida hasta ahora era medianamente tranquila—Comentó Valentina riéndose —Sí, ya hacía tiempo que no escuchaba a Nina y perdí las ganas de meterle un trapeador en la boca—Terció Adela Nina estaba ojeando el libro en silencio, durante esos años se había vuelto callada. — ¿Qué le paso a Nina? —Pregunto Adela— ¿Es la primera vez que ves un libro desde primaria? Nina le saco la lengua y le aventó un cojín, que Huerta esquivo sin perder la sonrisa, como su costumbre era. Teo les ofreció té y tomaron tranquilamente, Valentina y Pía intercambiaban miradas que Adela no paso por alto. Nina y Marisa hablaban y Greta peleaba con Adela en tono de broma. —Tengo una queja ¿Por qué aquí todas somos unas insoportables y la única perfecta es Greta? —Pregunto Pía —Porque así era— — ¿Entonces si me pongo una peluca y me hago llamarme 'Lola', estoy siendo buena? —Preguntó esta vez Adela —Claro, tan buena como quemar un deportivo—respondió mordazmente mientras Adela sonreía y tras un par de minutos de insultos de la una a la otra (Porque era su manera de relación) finalmente acabaron de leer, el libro no era muy largo, así que bastaba leerlo por un solo día, desde atrás, las cinco escucharon unos pasos ¿Kike? ¿Agustín tal vez? —Greta, necesito hablar contigo— Greta volteó…no podía ser él… —Emiliano…—Susurro con un hilo en la voz y si, allí estaba Emi, con tono serio y el libro de Greta en la mano. Las seis abrieron la boca sorprendidas, al leer el libro entero, sabían lo del 'suicidio' de Greta al comprometerse con Kike, y Emi lo supo de esa manera… Greta tomo aire y caminó hacia Emiliano. — ¡Vamos Lola! Tal vez aparte de este best-seller te ganes un noviecito—Animo Adela Greta sonrió de medio lado.[Chapter 7] Personajes: Emiliano x Greta Nota: Continuación y última parte de 'Leer' :3 Hablar Greta caminó detrás de Emiliano, sin decir palabra alguna, Emiliano seguía igual de guapo que como lo recordaba, caminaban por el jardín de la casa de Maca, Greta sintió unas ganas de tomarle del brazo como una pareja…pero decidió que no era lo más correcto por ahora. —Eh… ¿te gustó el libro? —Preguntó con aparente desinterés —Esta interesante, tu manera de pensar de los demás era bastante peculiar— Greta suspiro. —Mírame a los ojos Emi ¿De qué quieres hablarme? — Emiliano volteo a verla, los ojos estaban tristes, tales como los suyos cuando salió de Casa Maca y vio a Emi besándose con la chica, zapateo y cruzo los brazos, no debía dejar que Emiliano notara sus dudas. —Yo…ya leí la parte en la del matrimonio con Kike— —Ah— — ¿Por qué no me lo dijiste Greta? y…— — ¡Lo intente Emiliano! —Las lágrimas salieron— ¡Cuando salí de Casa Maca por primera vez corrí a buscarte! ¡Explicarte lo que había pasado! ¡Y cuando te veo, te estás besando con otra! No iba a aparecer delante de ti, no soy tan patética—Hablo ya, totalmente dolida. Silencio Greta le dio la espalda a Emiliano, callándose y dirigiéndose de nuevo a Casa Maca, pero antes de irse, le dijo. —Emi, me alegro que hayas conseguido a alguien, yo lo conseguiré algún día, espero que las cosas estén ya bien entre nosotros— Al entrar, estaba llorando, Adela y Nina corrieron hacia ella y la sentaron en el sofá. — ¿Qué ocurrió, Greta? —Pregunto Pía —Ya…ya lo resolví con él…é-él está feliz con su novia y no voy a interferir— —Fue una decisión sabia, Lola—Aseguro Adela dándole palmaditas—Siempre puedes ponerte la peluca, ir al club límite y conseguir… — ¡ADELA! — —Ya, perdón— Greta rio, pese a estar molesta con el comentario, Adela a su forma le dijo que podría conseguirse a otro.[Chapter 8] Personaje : Nina Sandoval Vergüenza La Diva tenía ganas de romper a llorar, al ver a la gente burlarse de ella en el desfile con ese video que había sacado de no sabía donde…a menos que hubiera sido aquella vez con Nicolás, no, el corazón se le partía al siquiera pensarlo. Que el único chico que había amado le había hecho eso. Con razón él le había dicho que no apareciera, lo mismo le dijo Marisa cuando se enteró, la joven se moría de vergüenza, pero no quería mostrarlo delante de Marisa, Rafa, Adela y Ignacio…así que, con su mayor sonrisa, cuando Marisa le preguntó —Nina, ¿estás bien? — — ¡P-Por supuesto! — Dijo con una sonrisa que aparentaba su dignidad, orgullo y corazón rotos— ¡A-Ahora m-mi carrera volverá a la cima! Al fin y al cabo, lo importante era la carrera ¿No? Esa vergüenza y traición que sentía en lo profundo de ella, ya desaparecerían. Ella era la sensación pop, y tal vez, aunque le hubiera matado por dentro, Nicolás le había hecho un favor.[Chapter 9] Personaje: Valentina Rubiales Dolor Cuando escucho el sonido que la maquina hacía 'piiiiii' sabía que todo andaba mal, no podía ser que su amiga estuviera...estuviera…no, no podía decir esa palabra porque era mentira ¿verdad? Ella grita y llora, Pía y Axel luchan para mantenerle alejada y que los doctores se encarguen. Hunde su cabeza en el hombro de Pía, quien hace lo –poco- que puede para consolarle, Axel le da palmaditas en el hombro y agradece tenerlos así, porque si no, no podría tolerarlo mucho más. Finalmente llega la prima de Ana, Sole y le dice con un dolor mal disimulado (que jamás llegaría a ser como el de Valen, porque consideraba a Ana como su hermana) —Ana…ha muerto— El universo de Valentina se cayó.[Chapter 10] Personaje: Marisa Ornelas Necesidad Marisa siempre tuvo la extraña necesidad de seguir a Nina a todos lados, quizás era porque había sido famosa desde muy pequeña, porque cantaba bien (aunque Adela dijera que había que meterle un trapeador en la boca) o quizás por su estilo de ropa. Pero su necesidad de seguir a Nina, la conllevo a vivir allí. Fue su única amiga (Bueno, no, la verdad, era una Nina fan) en la casa, las demás ingratas se la pasaban burlándose de su música (recuerda cuando Valen dijo 'No sé qué tocaré…pero sé que no tocaré, música como la de Nina') ¡Envidiosas! Solo porque Nina era famosa, divertida, lista (cosa que el resto ponía en duda) y bueno… Quizás también era porque Nina no tenía amigas en la casa y ella tenía que portarse amable porque, al fin y al cabo, aunque ella fuera Nina Sandoval, era un humano ¿No? Y con el paso del tiempo, Nina agradecería la ingenuidad de esa gordis[Chapter 11] Personaje: Adela Huerta Mordaza Adela Huerta tenía una mordaza en cierta manera, contrario a que lo que todo el mundo pensara, después de todo ¿Quién diría que la mas irreverente y mala de las Niñas Mal, tuviera algo así como una mordaza que evitara que diría lo que siente? Por lo mismo la tiene, al disfrazarse siendo la más irreverente, ella contenía sus emociones sobre todo, normalmente jamás le diría a Piti, Fatu y Axel que los quería, que eran los mejores amigos que ella en el universo pudo desear, que amaba que fueran unos infradotados, pero leales amigos. Jamás le diría a Nachito que le agradecía todo el cariño que él le tenía, que jamás podría agradecerle lo suficiente por intentar hacer lo que Martín no hacía y normalmente, jamás le diría lo mucho que correspondía sus sentimientos, que ella también se moría por él. Si, Adela Huerta tenía una mordaza.[Chapter 12] Personajes: Pía Montoya, Valentina Rubiales Calor Pía sentía un calor bastante acogedor que le recorría el cuerpo cuando andaba cerca de Valentina (o le miraba), jamás sintió eso con alguien más que con la joven Rubiales (aunque esta tuviera la cabeza en otro lado, con lo de su sexualidad y esas cosas). Cuando se besaron, Pía sintió que había tocado el cielo y más, esos labios tan cálidos debían ser suyos, claro, si Valen por fin admitía que era lesbiana…o bisexual ¡Lo que fuera, pero joder, que lo admitiera! Cuando Maca dejó que todas se fueran, Valentina le dijo que le quería como amiga, eso le decepciono bastante, suspiró triste mientras Valen le despedía con la mano y Pía le sonrió. Algo le decía que más tarde se iban a volver a ver en otra circunstancia.[Chapter 13] Amor Adela recuerda la primera vez que se besó con Ignacio, que le había dicho \"No te enamores\", huh, curioso que él no le hubiera hecho caso y que estuviera perdidamente enamorado de una chica rebelde como ella, especialmente porque mocasines era un tipo correcto y obedecía todo lo que Martín le ordenaba. Greta una vez le dijo que no entendía cual era la obsesión de Adela con \"Sentir que nadie te quiere\" tal vez es porque jamás se sintió así porque nunca nadie se lo demostró, comenzando por el senador que era la única familia que le quedaba desde que su madre murió. Jamás pensó que alguien se preocuparía por ella tanto, le partió el alma cuando escuchó el mensaje (que por pendeja no escuchó antes) de Ignacio, con una voz quebrada le decía que le amaba, luego, él cayó en la desesperación y casi muere. No le hubiera importado ir a la correccional por el resto de su vida si era por protegerlo. Lo peor es que después le continúo 'rechazando' como decían todas, era una pendeja. Cuando supo que Nacho se iba a su pueblo, no se lo pensó dos veces y decidió que el viaje a New York estaba suspendido hasta nuevo aviso. Y de alguna manera, estaban los dos en la parte trasera de un auto de un buen hombre. —No te enamores—Le dijo en tono burlón —Tú sabes que yo nunca hago caso— Y lo beso.[Chapter 14] Fandom: Niñas Mal Claim: Valentina Rubiales/Pía Montoya implícito Tabla: 30 vicios Tema: 12# Mentir Título: Mentir Resumen: Adela le había dicho una vez que no entendía su obsecion con mentirse a si misma Advertencias: Spoliers del final Notas: Ninguna. Un día Adela le había dicho que no entendía su obsesión con mentirse a sí misma, que era bien obvio que le gustaba Pía y ella se había sonrojado y mirando a otro lado sin responderle, odiaba saber que la senadorcita en el fondo tenía razón, desde la muerte de Ana –aunque a Pía no le cayera- ella siempre estuvo allí. Cuando salieron Maca se lo había dicho \"Tus problemas no los resolverás ni aquí ni en ninguna parte, solo contigo misma\" y quizás tuviera razón, Maca poquísimas veces se equivocaba y dudaba que esa fuera una de esas improbables veces. Joder, ya hasta Nina se lo decía \"O te gusta Axel o te gusta Pía o te gustan los perros de Emiliano ¡Pero decídete!\" Suspiro y cuando tomo la dirección opuesta a la de Pía después de salir de la casa de Maca observo su celular mientras se decidía o no en decirle a Pía lo que realmente sentía. Supongo que pasar un par de meses lejos de ella le daría la respuesta, aunque su mentira le carcomía por dentro. Y lo peor de una mentira, es cuando te la crees tú.[Chapter 15] Autor: pau_chan Fandom: Niñas Mal Claim: Marisa Ornelas Tabla: 30 vicios Tema: #17 Chocolate Título: Chocolate Resumen: El chocolate era una mucho mejor tentación que el amor, o eso pensaba Marisa Advertencias: Ninguna Notas: Ninguna Chocolate Nina siempre le reclamaba su obsesión tildándole de 'gorda', pese a que los comentarios eran realmente ofensivos –y a veces la idea de rebajar venía a su mente- no podía dejar el chocolate, recuerda cuando intentó hacer ejercicio con Nina y fue a su habitación a comer chocolates porque las manzanas sabían horrible (claro, también estaba Valentina que se moría de la risa al ver a su amiga así) Además, no entendía de que se quejaban, el chocolate era una buena obsesión, no te traicionaba (a pesar de los kilos demás) y no te hacía llorar, a diferencia del amor ¿No? Además el resto de ellas estaban chillando por el amor (y algunas como Nina, por su fama) mientras ella estaba con el chocolate. Chocolate, dulce tentación[Chapter 16] Ok, eso era el colmo, muy pocas veces Adela accedía a ayudar a su padre con la política ¡Y justamente cuando Adela accedía a hacerlo venía cierto Linares a joder a su padre! Temía por Ignacio, y no es que lo quisiera, claro que no, ni mucho menos, sino que… Bueh ¿Por qué quitarle su trabajo por algo que él no hizo? No sabía qué hacer, apretó los puños y se mordió el labio. Ya le daba igual si Maca le castigaba o no, de todas formas, con todas las escapadas y maldades que hizo, estaría allí, por un buen rato. Sonrió de medio lado y agarro un bate. Obviamente a Enrique Linares le encantaría tener una remodelación en su adorable carro. Y que así lo aprendiera: Solo Adela hablaba mal de su padre, nadie más podía joderle su carrera de político.[Chapter 17] La humedad de la dulce boca de Ignacio era simplemente un manjar para Adela, le hacía olvidar sus preocupaciones y el hecho de que hace unas horas se iba a ir derechito a un internado porque Martín era un imbécil (y porque ella cubría a Nacho) sin embargo se separa de él y le cachetea. —Nunca te atrevas a besarme de nuevo—Amenazó furiosa y se alejo con un leve sonrojo en las mejillas Nacho muchísimas veces le había secado sus húmedas lágrimas, al igual que él era responsable de ellas sin saberlo la mayoría de las veces. ¡Nacho! ¿Por qué carajo hiciste que Adela se enamorara?[Chapter 18] Caminaba hacia la casa de la senadorcita a hablar de cosas importantes para los Domenechi, ya que Adela había dicho que no había problema en ayudar a una ex compañera de la casa de Maca, su teléfono sonó, con fastidio vio ese teléfono, lo conocería donde fuera, era el de Kike, decidió no responder. Al poco tiempo, llego a la casa de Adela, quien le recibió con su típica media-sonrisa y empezaron a hablar de cosas sin importancia, volvió a llamar Kike, solo que Adela con su típico irrespeto contesto por Greta y dijo. ―Tsk, si eres fastidioso, Linares ¿no ves que ella no te quiere? ― Dicho eso colgó y chocaron manos cuando Adela en tono burlón le pregunto ― ¿Qué le veías, Lola? ― ―Cállate, Adela―[Chapter 19] Pía ya no se reconoce a si misma desde que huyó de Andy, ese infierno, ese sitio rojo en donde ella estaba esperando al próximo hombre, la chica no recuerda nada de cómo llego ahí, todo es rojo, rojo como el vino de Andy. Sabe que hay una chica de su misma edad ahí que les mira preocupada… No podía dormir en las noches, siempre sentía las miradas de la gente juzgándole, diciéndole un sinfín de cosas, ellos ni siquiera sabían quién era ella ni como llego ahí, Andy roncaba en su habitación y sus compañeras estaban dormidas, así que no había ninguna soplona. Se iría de ese infierno fuera como fuera[Chapter 20] \" ¿Control? ¿Eso qué demonios es?\" Ninguna de ellas tenía control sobre las exageradas cosas que hacían en las fiestas o en sus vidas, al fin y al cabo, a ninguna de ellas (o a pocas) sus familiares les importaban que hicieran así que ¿Por qué molestarse? Mejor es vivir la vida feliz y contentos ¿No? Aunque eso les acarreó problemas. Como acabar en esa casa con otras 5 que típicamente se odiaban aunque con el tiempo acabaron siendo amigas, pero Maca también les enseñó sobre autocontrol y sobre controlarse después de salir de allí y en el fondo se lo agradecen, pero… Al final, solo les retuvieron un poco, seguían siendo las mismas descontroladas de siempre.[Chapter 21] Domenechi revisaba su invitación, era de los Linares para celebrar que su hijo mayor, Enrique había salido de la cárcel, según porque sus padres le pagaron la fianza, revisó la nota, era del hermanito que seguía a Kike para todos lados. \" Sé que es muy descarado de nosotros invitarte, Greta, pero debes saber que al menos yo me arrepiento de lo que paso, esperamos tu presencia allí Atentamente: Agustín Linares\" Vaya, el hermanito de Kike demostró madurez, incluso más que este ¡Sorprendente! Todas las chicas de la casa de Maca irían, según le dijo Valen, era como una 'disculpa' por todo lo que hicieron y que eso se lo dijo uno de los amigos de los Linares Cuando releyó la invitación, decía que era una fiesta de disfraces, al rato, le llego un mensaje de Adela diciendo \" Tráete la peluca, Lola\" Greta rodo los ojos[Chapter 22] Cuando Nina era famosa y a veces observaba como Rafael veía películas porno en su laptop le parecía simplemente asqueroso y repulsivo, como podían aquellas mujeres prestarse a eso, era simplemente horrible. Y allí estaba llorando por haber caído (de nuevo) en la trampa de ese maldito paparazzi, Nicolás (y el no escuchar a Marisa, claro está) Se odiaba, odiaba a Nicolás y recordó las palabras de Rafael cuando se enamoro de Nico: \" Los novios te los consigues en cualquier momento, Nina. Lo que durará es tu carrera\" Curioso, ahora no tenía ni siquiera carrera, solo era una ridícula niña ingenua que ahora era una estrella porno sin desear serlo.[Chapter 23] Cuando murió su madre, Adela aparte de llorar, lo primero que hizo fue romper los jarrones de su padre, chillando y maldiciendo al mundo, a Martín, por lo que le paso a su mamá, a la mujer que aunque no le prestaba mucha atención, quería de todas maneras. Rompía las cosas mientras Martín hablaba con la gente de la causa de la muerte, la niña maldijo a su padre y a todo el mundo y ella cambiaría a partir de ahora. — ¿Qué haces? ¡Adela! — — ¿Qué parece, Senador? — Desde ese día Adela tenía una obsesión por romper cosas. Al fin y al cabo estaba rota igual.[Chapter 24] Marisa quemaba sus cosas de Nina, feliz consigo misma, si ella salió de la casa de Maca en primer lugar debía ser por algo (y eso que ella solo entro por Nina, solo por eso) no las quemaba porque odiara a Nina, más bien al contrario, le quería mucho. Pero tenía que dejar su obsesión atrás porque Nina en realidad era más débil de lo que aparentaba y no necesitaba una Nina fan, necesitaba alguien que fuera dulce y honesta con ella, necesitaba una amiga. Y una amiga que le apoyara pero que también le recriminara sus caprichos. Por eso sonríe mientras quema el poster de Nina.[Chapter 25] A Adela no podía interesarle menos lo que su padre pensaba de ella después de demostrarle que no fue ella quien jodió su comercial, aunque las disculpas insistentes de Martín eran parte satisfactorias, parte fastidiosas. ―Adela, si en serio necesitas algo…― ―De hecho, si, senador. Quiero dos cosas― Martín cerró los ojos, su hija nunca podía decir que no necesitaba nada. ―Quiero que, me des dinero― ¿Para qué Adela quería dinero? Eso Martín no lo sabía, pero su hija sabía que su padre no le iba a preguntar, era obvio que quería dinero por Ignacio para que esa gente que le debía dinero (según los tres mosqueteros) lo dejara en paz. ―Oh si, y quiero que cuando salga para la casa de Maca, me des un pasaje para irme a cualquier sitio que yo quiera― Nacho le había cubierto la espalda demasiadas veces, ella debía hacer algo por él[Chapter 26] ― ¿NINA? ―Grito escandalizada Adela al ver a su ex compañera de peleas/alianzas castaña, Valentina retuvo una risa, Marisa llego justo detrás de ella sonriente, Pía, sonrió de medio lado y Greta no se podía creer lo que estaba viendo. ―Hola―Dijo tímidamente y con una suave sonrisa ― ¿Estas enferma o qué? Ni la doble-cara de Greta era así hace un año ― Greta miro feo a Adela y le dio un codazo, Valen le hizo espacio a las dos para que se sentaran y pregunto. ― ¿Y ese cambio, Nina?― ―¿Qué paso con la rubia egocéntrica con la carrera por los subsuelos? ― Todos miraron feo a Adela, la cual solo se encogió de hombros, Nina sonrió de medio lado y la empujo. ―No creas que ahora somos BFF's, Senadorcita― Adela sonrió de medio lado, al menos Nina jamás cambiaría.[Chapter 27] Cuando Valentina probó por primera vez los labios de Pía, sintió una mezcla de emociones, sentía a su madre mirándole mal pero a su vez se sentía en el cielo, cuando se separaron, el rubor tiño sus mejillas mientras se hacía la loca y fingía no sentir nada, al fin y al cabo tenía novio. O al menos, eso quería ella creer, porque la sensación que le daba Pía al unir sus labios no fue la misma que le dio cuando besó a Axel. Esos pensamientos cruzan por su cabeza cuando ve a Pía irse a un lado opuesto a ella, no sabía si esa sensación que sintió la volvería a sentir algún día, asi que se daría una ¿posibilidad? Quizás fuera eso. Ni siquiera lo pensó dos veces y corrió donde Pía, agarrándole de la mano, Pía volteo a verla, confundida y Valen poso sus labios sobre la otra. Solo se vivía una vez ¿No?[Chapter 28] Ya era oficial: odiaba a todos en el mundo. Odiaba a las estúpidas con las que vivía, a su madre, a Rafa, a los paparazzis y al mundo en general, tremendo lio formo para ella aquella escena violenta, además del confuso ¿Cómo se llamaba ese con el que se iba a casar? Ah, no importa, daba igual. Y aún se conseguía llorando como una inútil, sabía que Marisa estaba esperándole detrás de la puerta, sin atreverse a entrar y al menos agradece que su Nina-fan tenga cerebro. Se hartó de todas las difamaciones violentas hacia su persona, miro el balcón y lo decidió. Iba a acabar con eso.[Chapter 29] Greta se la pasaba soñando despierta, soñaba que su familia no era interesada, que Kike la amaba, que no estaba en esa casa del infierno y no tenía que soportar a Adela ni compañía arruinándole la vida. Luego golpeo con esa pared y conoció otra realidad: Emiliano. Luego vino aquella pesadilla de Kike y le jodio la relación con Emiliano, de nuevo el mundo se le fue abajo porque tuvo que ser la prometida de Linares sin querer serlo y de nuevo estallo contra la pared de la realidad: Emiliano decidió dejarla ir con su novio. Y después, volvió a soñar luego de que salió de aquella casa se volvió a pegar con la pared definitiva: Emiliano la había olvidado. No había aprendido nada…[Chapter 30] Era bastante irónico, la verdad, cuando se conocieron lo primero que querían irse de ahí, pero ahora que todas tomaban caminos diferentes, solo deseaban que algún día se volvieran a ver, y eso piensa Adela mientras pedía aventón con Ignacio. Iba a extrañar las peleas con Greta y Nina, la amistad que desarrollo con Valen y con Pía y también extrañaría a los 3 idiotas. Y hasta extrañaría a la fastidiosa de Maca y a Teo que con sus frases que nunca nadie entiende, suspiro y se recostó en el hombro de Nacho recordando sus experiencias, gracias a él fue que las conoció, y debía agradecerle. Cuando le llegó un mensaje de Valentina que le dijo. \" Nos vamos a reunir en navidad en casa de Maca, Greta & Nina se quedaron en la casa de Maca ¿te animas a venir, Adela?\" Wow, los deseos se hacen realidad, solo tenía que esperar un largo tiempo. Bueno, al menos tenía a Nacho para esperar. ","Summary":" Autor: pau_chan / Animefan777 Fandom: Niñas Mal Claim: Adela Huerta, Martín Huerta, menciones de Pi"}]