[{"Movie":"Drive Angry","Title":"Tracasserie","Author":"The Readers Muse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12737709","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own the movie \"Drive Angry.\" Everything belongs to whoever owns them, my wishful thinking aside. Authors Note #1: Part two of the \"Thearchy\" series. Sequel to \"Calavera.\" Disclaimer: post movie, gore, blood, canon appropriate violence, adult language, drama, angst, romance, The Accountant basically doesn't have time for this shit but he makes time because honestly he is probably bored and Milton is interesting and Piper is lurking and there is something about all of that combine that he might just like that. Tracasserie Looking back on it, he wasn't entirely sure how he'd ended up pressed into the back booth of a dim, beer-stained bar in the deep south. Watching Piper make love to a bottle of vodka like she didn't know any other way to drink. He'd merely passed from one threshold to another and caught the glint of dirty blonde hair on the other side of rain-streaked glass. Milton had escaped again. That was all he really remembered that wasn't her. \"There are some people you can't just lock up and throw away the key- even if they deserve it,\" she told him throatily. Making him eye the flagging line of liquid in the bottle as she slammed it down across the worn wood between them. He frowned, partly because of the words and partly because somewhere along the line he'd lost track of time. Realizing his internal clock - the alignment he based all the other rhythms - was out of sync. He hadn't meant to stop. But once she'd caught sight of him he couldn't help but join her. Settling down into the seat opposite as she crooked a finger at the bartender and had a beading glass of scotch on the rocks in front of him before he could refuse. Forcing him to eye the amber liquid doubtfully as she wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. Somehow managing to make the action look regal and powerful rather than sloppy and unrefined. \"I assure you, I can,\" he pointed out, straightening the line of his sleeves with a fastidious air before his gaze stalled on the way the sweat of the room was trickling down her collarbone. Highlighting the honey-tan of her skin. \"It's the entire point.\" \"Yeah and how's that working out for ya?\" she shot back, slightly slurred. He chewed on the molecules, surprisingly thoughtful despite the familiar thrum of pride that usually flared first. About to say something to mirror that when she interrupted him before he could speak. \"My momma used to say some people just had wandering souls and that was all there was to it. Wasn't right to chain them down to no one or no place. Not when they wanted to be free. It's like caging a bird when God meant for it to fly. That's what Milton is,\" she imparted, wincing slightly as the pitching scream of shattering glass echoed from the other side of the bar. His head cocked, the action seemingly outside of his control as he automatically tried to find her in his records. Ah, yes. There she was. Marion Manning. Dead seven years. Sent upstairs by a hair's breath and not much more. She'd flipped him off when he'd taken her heart. Feisty. He liked that. He'd even smiled, showing her sharp teeth but gentling the hair off her face almost tenderly all the same. Cleaving into her soul as she screamed and screamed. Filling the air with pure, white light as the scales began to lean. Like mother, like daughter. \"Milton had a choice. The same choice you all have. He chose poorly. It's a simple concept,\" he answered eventually. Fingers spidering out as he traced the linage of the wood that made up the vinyl-lined pulp under his fingers. It'd been a towering pine once. Two men had met under it every day with soft freckled skin and pale throats. An ageless summer. New love. Forbidden, but pure. He hadn't reaped them yet. They were old now. Married to good, patient women that they loved in their own way. But they weren't old enough to forget that summer. \"Have you ever kissed anyone?\" Piper asked. Momentarily blanking his thoughts to nothing else as the emotion humans called surprise rippled through him. Not for the first time, but close. \"I've seen how you look at people...how you touch them? I know... Men are easy to understand.\" She was intoxicated. The sweetness of her scent was partially drowned out by the wheaty tang of the clear liquor she was downing like water. Not enough to drown out the soft scents of baby powder and menthols that clung to her like a second skin, but getting there. His nose twitched. He didn't like it. This willful erasure. It wasn't- But he still, he smiled. Of course it would be her that would ask. \"I don't think you have,\" she half-slurred, elbow slipping across the mildew-wet of the table. \"I don't think anyone has ever kissed 'cha either. No man I know of can sit that straight in a thousand dollar suit and pretend he hasn't gotten hard in them slacks at least once.\" The string that connected him to Milton glowed molten and insistent. Reminding him that he had business to attend to. That he was wasting time in a way that was so unlike himself he was almost tempted to carve into her and suss out the reason. There had to be one. There had to be- \"I believe it's time you were getting home, Miss Piper,\" he hummed instead, sliding predator-smooth from the booth. Brushing his hands down the front of his suit until the crisp material rasped smoothed under his hands. Self-soothing in a way he'd never allowed himself to dwell on. \"May I?\" She eyed his hand when he offered it like it was more liable to bite. Looking up at him from behind thick strands of dirty-blonde before finally taking it in a strong grip. Leaving the bottle on the table with a dismissive snort as she straightened her top and tapped the pockets of her cut-off shorts until they jingled with the sound of keys. \"I got a hotel room about a block away,\" she responded threadily, wavering only slightly. Ignoring the steady crutch the line of his shoulders provided as she took a step towards the exit before pausing and looking back at him. \"I can get there myself, Milton is probably miles ahead of you by now.\" Two hundred, forty-five miles, to be exact. And currently fucking his brains out if his personal brand of foresight was any judge. The man was nothing if not predictable. But instead of using the out she so graciously provided, he hesitated. Shrugging as the little hairs on the back of his neck prickled in a very human sort of way. Enough to make him uneasy as he turned in a slow, wrathful circle. There was intent and a sickening sort of entitlement in the eyes of more than a few of the bar patrons. Their eyes burning right through him as Piper started to sway with the music. Hips rolling in a slow, honey-sweet sort of way that pulled at something animal and unfamiliar in the pit of his gut. He shook it away. It was neither his affair, nor his concern. He had a job to do. A tally to balance. Yet, he followed her out anyway. \"The baby?\" he asked, figuring it was polite to ask despite the clear lack of the child in the rundown hotel room. Unable to ignore the warmth of her pressing against him as he steered her through the door by the gentle of her elbow. Allowing it when the line of her back firmed into his chest until he found himself almost solely holding her upright. \"With Webster. I was seeing about a job and it didn't seem right taking her on a thirteen-hour car ride. He's good with her. Smitten as anything. And she knows it. Typical,\" she replied with a fond huff. More falling than sitting across the mattress as she toed herself out of her boots with a sloppy jerk that irritated him for reasons he didn't completely understand. \"I didn't get the job, if you were wonderin'.\" \"I wasn't,\" he remarked, skating on the line of prim as he allowed his wrists to settle crossed in front of him in his usual, confident posture. \"I know.\" Her glare was baleful this time. And for some reason a dark rumble of a chuckle tried to make tracks from the depths of his throat. Amused in spite of himself by the emotion. \"Don't suppose you can steer me in the right direction?\" A smirk tugged at the corner of his mouth again as she tossed herself flat against the mattress. Bare feet cracking through a full body stretch as she tucked the pillow underneath her arm and looked up at the ceiling with a rude sound. \"Yeah, figured.\" He stayed in the chair beside the window, lulled by the rhythm of her breathing until dawn streaked the sky. And even when he eventually tracked Milton down and took him back where they both belonged, he still didn't have a satisfying answer as to why. A/N: There will be one more part to this series, please stay tuned. Thank you for reading, please let me know what you think. Reference: - Tracasserie: a turmoil; annoyance. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own the movie \"Drive Angry.\" Everything belongs to whoever owns them, my wish"},{"Movie":"Drive Angry","Title":"Anything for Family","Author":"Steph-Schell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9452011","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Piper held her little girl close. \"How much further?\" she called. \"Woman, if I knew I would tell you.\" On a normal day, Piper would have bristled at the statement. But she couldn't blame Jonah for his tone right now. They were all a mess. The storm had come out of nowhere, all punishing rain and raging winds, forcing the family into their camper and onto the road in the hopes that they could find a sturdier structure to hide in. Jonah had decided they should make their way to a farm nearby held by two of their friends. They were supposed to meet up there in a few days anyway. \"Jonah, are you even on the road?\" Piper demanded. \"Spitfire, I don't think there is a road.\" Annabelle tugged at her mother's arm. \"Are we gonna make it?\" she asked quietly. Piper gave a thin smile. \"Of course we are, sweetie. Don't worry.\" Privately, though, she was worried. Things were not looking very good for the small family. It took them much longer than normal but two white knuckled hours later they were at the barn. \"Piper King, is that you?\" Miriam called as they darted in. \"Fraid so,\" Piper nodded. \"Hope we're not intruding.\" \"Not at all,\" Frank told them. \"Miriam, go get them some towels to dry off. How did you all get here anyway?\" \"Camper,\" Jonah replied as he shut the door. \"Camper?\" Frank repeated. \"You realize you were trying to out run a tornado, don't you?\" \"We do now,\" Piper sighed. She looked at Annabelle. \"You alright, sweetie?\" \"I'm wet,\" the girl moaned. \"Not for long,\" Miriam said triumphantly. \"Dry yourself off with this sweetheart and then go to the bathroom. I left dry clothes in there.\" \"Thank you,\" Piper sighed as she and Jonah took dry towels from the other woman. \"We didn't even realize there was a storm on the way. It just appeared out of nowhere.\" \"It was all over the weather reports,\" Frank told her. \"Radio's been busted for the last week,\" Jonah said. \"I keep meaning to fix it but there's never a repair shop when you need one.\" \"Well, you're here now,\" Miriam smiled. \"The two of you might as well change yourselves. The only thing those clothes are going to do is make you catch a cold. Then you can come down to the basement with the rest of us and we'll get some hot food into you. You're sure to feel better after that.\" \"Thank you,\" Jonah murmured. \"For everything.\" \"Not a problem,\" Frank assured them. The small family dried themselves off and changed into warmer clothes before heading down the steps to the finished basement. They weren't the only ones who had come to the Bennett farm for help. Several other Book Keepers and their families were there as well. The Kings greeted the people they knew and smiled at those they didn't. Piper settled in a corner with their things while Jonah took Annabelle over to get food. \"Piper Clemet?\" a voice called. Piper looked up to see a boy from her hometown in front of her. \"Jason,\" she greeted quietly with a thin smile. \"It's so good to see you, Piper. I'd heard you became a Book Keeper but I didn't believe it.\" \"Well believe it,\" Piper shrugged. \"I collect souls for hell.\" \"Who would have thought Piper Clemet would end up in this life?\" \"It's King,\" Piper corrected with a sigh. \"Excuse me?\" \"My last name. It's not Clemet anymore, it's King.\" Jason frowned at her. \"You got married?\" \"About two months after I left town,\" Piper nodded. \"That's my husband, Jonah over there.\" Jason looked to where she was pointing. \"He's twice your age Piper.\" \"He's not actually,\" Piper corrected. \"And it doesn't matter. He's a good man and he takes care of our daughter.\" \"So Piper Clemet married Jonah King and ended up as a Book Keeper,\" Jason sighed. \"Interesting.\" \"How so?\" Piper asked archly. \"Well, word around the water cooler is Jonah King used to be one of the greats but he's past his prime now.\" \"He's still a damn good Book Keeper,\" Piper informed him, gathering her things. \"It was good to see you Jason. Don't talk to me again.\" \"Something wrong?\" Jonah asked as his wife stormed over. \"Nothing,\" Piper said. \"You don't have that look when it's nothing,\" Jonah countered as they made their way to another corner of the room. \"You can talk to me you know.\" \"Does it have to do with that other man?\" Annabelle asked. \"Other man?\" Jonah raised an eyebrow. \"There was a man about momma's age talking to her while we got food,\" Annabelle explained. Jonah looked at Piper. \"It was a boy from my hometown,\" she explained as they got settled in their corner. \"It was a stupid conversation that meant nothing.\" She leaned up to kiss him. \"Just forget about it, baby.\" Jonah smiled at her. \"Nothing wrong with catching up a little,\" he said. \"Let's eat shall we?\" As they ate, Jonah watched his wife relax more. He decided he didn't need to know what she had been talking about to the other man. There were more important things to worry about. Things that he needed to take care of as soon as possible. Jonah watched as Piper took Annabelle to return the dishes. He reached into his pack and pulled out a worn and slightly waterlogged book. \"Please tell me you're not going to start reading that shit to our daughter,\" Piper sighed. Jonah looked up. \"Most mothers would encourage reading the Bible to their daughters.\" \"We have long established that I am not like most mothers.\" \"That is very true.\" Piper sat next to him. \"You only bring that out when you're worried. So what's on your mind?\" \"Same things that's been on my mind for a while now,\" Jonah admitted. He set the book down and looked Piper right in the eye. \"I'm goin' out tonight.\" \"Jonah, are you crazy? There's a hurricane out there.\" \"There's also a mob boss and his closest kin holed up just two miles outside of town.\" \"And?\" \"And? And? And my goddamn daughter ain't eaten in two days. Money don't grow on trees, Piper. But there's money to be made in this deal. Enough to keep us going for months at least. Longer maybe.\" Piper sighed and ran both hands through her hair. There were times when all she needed was a stern word to turn Jonah from his path. Other times it took her best lingerie and wicked smile. But then there were times like this where trying to dissuade him would only waste time and energy. \"Fine,\" she agreed. \"Let me find Miriam and then we can go.\" \"We?\" Jonah repeated. \"Yeah, we.\" Piper lifted her chin. \"If you wanted a wife that stayed home and watched the children while you're out hunting, you married the wrong woman.\" Jonah cracked a half smile. \"That's my Spitfire,\" he said fondly. \"Go find Miriam. We can't dawdle.\" \"Yes sir,\" Piper sighed. She had meant for it to come out flirty and teasing but she was too tired. She found both her daughter and Miriam. Piper passed Annabelle off to the other woman, explaining the situation as best she could without worrying either of them. Then she and Jonah grabbed their guns and coats and headed back into the storm. Annabelle would always remember the next four hours. She spent them clutching onto Miriam Bennett's shoulder with white knuckles. The woman did her best to comfort the ten year old but she was nervous herself. Everything only got worse when the door banged open. A bedraggled Piper lurched in, half dragging and half carrying her husband who was bleeding from several places on his body. \"I need help!\" she called. Annabelle tore herself from Miriam's arms and charged her mother as others swarmed to help her father. Piper sank to her knees as she pulled the girl into a tight hug. \"Momma?\" she asked. \"It's going to be okay,\" Piper promised. Miriam knelt by them. \"Piper? Piper, honey, the blood…\" Piper looked down at her clothes. \"Most of it isn't mine,\" she admitted. \"It was…never mind.\" \"Are you hurt?\" \"Just a scratch. Take care of Jonah.\" \"There are lots of people looking after Jonah. Let's take a look at you.\" Piper kept a tight grip on her daughter but allowed Miriam to lead her to a spare bedroom to be looked over. She had several scratched but only one needed stitches. Most of the blood wasn't hers. \"What happened?\" Miriam asked. \"We need the money,\" Piper said quietly. Her voice was rough and scratchy. Miriam wasn't' sure if that was from screaming or crying. \"We got it. Got plenty of it. But Jonah had to be the hero. Like always.\" She looked away. \"Stupid, stupid man.\" \"Momma, is he going to die?\" Piper's gaze whipped back to her daughter's terrified face. \"Not a chance,\" she insisted. \"If he dies…I swear to god…\" Piper shoved herself off the bed. \"I need to have a talk with someone. Miriam, I swear if you let my little girl out of your sight I'll shoot you right between the eyes.\" \"Where's momma going?\" Annabelle asked. \"I'd guess to see The Accountant,\" Miriam told her as she gathered up the dirty things. \"Uncle Archie's in trouble,\" Annabelle declared. Piper found herself a quiet dark room where she could summon The Accountant. But after three different chants there was still no sign. \"Fucking Christ,\" she muttered. \"I know you can hear me! Stayin' away won't help you! You get your ass down here now or…or…or no sex for a month!\" \"No sex for a month?\" a dry voice repeated. \"That's quite the punishment, Miss Piper.\" \"It's not even half of what you deserve you self-serving sack of shit!\" \"Easy now, Piper. You'll reopen those stitches if you jump about too much.\" Piper shoved him. \"Reopen my stitches?! You…you …you bastard! You fucking bastard!\" She shoved him again. \"Do you have any idea?\" She gripped her hair as she tried to make her thoughts form sentences. \"My husband is lying on a damn bed, possibly bleeding out and you're fucking making jokes!\" Another shove. He didn't move but somehow she felt better doing it. \"I didn't make him go.\" \"You're the one that gave him the fucking list. Don't you act like this isn't your fucking fault. You knew what he would do! You knew!\" \"I did,\" the Accountant agreed. \"But you know I have no more desire to hurt Jonah than you do.\" \"Then why?\" she sobbed. \"Why do it?\" \"Because he was insistent. He said you needed the money. And if I didn't give him a list, he would find other ways of getting it.\" \"You're a goddamn liar!\" Piper shrieked. \"My Jonah wouldn't'!\" \"Maybe not. But think what might have happened if I pressed the issue.\" Piper socked him in the jaw. The Accountant moved with it so it wouldn't hurt her fist but they both knew he felt nothing. She kept hitting him. He kept letting her. He could feel her pain in every punch and hear it in every scream. Piper couldn't' show this to her daughter. So The Accountant let her take it out on him. Eventually the hitting stopped but the crying remained. The Accountant pulled her into his arms as she sobbed over how badly Jonah had been hurt and how it had all been to keep her safe. \"Easy,\" he murmured as the crying slowed. \"His name is not on the books.\" Piper looked at him in a way that made her look like she was Annabelle's age. \"Really?\" \"I would not lie about that, sweet Piper.\" Piper nodded. \"You ever do something like this again, you tell me first,\" she warned. \"I promise.\" The Accountant handed her a handkerchief to wipe her eyes. \"Now you'd better go. You've got a little girl to look after. We wouldn't want Annie upset would we?\" \"Course not,\" Piper agreed. She wiped her eyes as best she could but she knew she still looked like a raccoon. Couldn't' be helped though. Piper blew her nose and handed the handkerchief back to its owner. \"Guess this is as decent as I'll be able to look tonight.\" \"I think you look just fine,\" he said with a smile. \"You're still a lying sack of shit,\" she replied. She pulled him down for a quick kiss. \"But you're my lying sack of shit.\" \"Always good to know. Now go care for your daughter.\" Piper gave herself one last shake and then marched out to find her little girl. She found Annabelle in Miriam's arms, too distressed to pay much attention to the other woman. \"Annabelle,\" she called, \"come here.\" Annabelle darted to her mother as fast as her legs could carry her. \"Is everything okay?\" she asked. \"Not yet,\" Piper admitted. \"But it's better. Now come along and I'll tell you a story.\" \"I want to hear about how you and daddy got me.\" Piper's mouth twisted. She hated that story. \"How about I tell you about how your daddy and I met? You like that story.\" \"Okay.\" Piper settled on the floor, pulled her daughter close and told her story after story. She told her every tale she could remember about being a Book Keeper with Jonah. Heavily edited of course. It was hours later when someone finally approached them. \"Jonah is awake,\" he said. \"And he's asking for you.\" Piper gathered Annabelle into her arms and followed the man to the bedroom where they were keeping Jonah. \"You need to be careful,\" he warned. \"He's lost a lot of blood and he shouldn't move much. But you can talk for a little bit.\" \"I hear my two favorite girls out there,\" a warm voice called. Piper smiled as she stepped inside the room. \"You look like hell,\" she told him. \"Feel like hell too,\" he agreed. Annabelle wiggled from her mother's arms and darted to jump on her father's bed. \"Careful,\" Piper called. \"Don't go jostling your daddy like that.\" \"Don't you listen to her, my little angel. You just come right on up here so daddy can see you properly. Were you good for Mrs. Bennett?\" \"Yes, daddy.\" Annabelle settled herself next to him on the bed. \"Good.\" Jonah looked over at his wife. \"Don't just stand there. Come sit. I can't see you all the way over there.\" Piper took a seat next to his bed and took his hand. \"I'm glad you're okay,\" she whispered. \"I am too,\" he smiled. He kissed her hand. \"You arlight?\" \"Just fine. But you ever do something that stupid again, I'll cut your nuts off,\" she warned. \"I'll remember that,\" Jonah nodded. \"Come up here on the bed. I want to sleep with both my girls close by tonight.\" Piper curled up next to him and the three of them slept that way. It was the most restful sleep they'd had in ages. The next morning Piper insisted on starting back out on the road. Miriam and Frank protested but Piper held her ground. \"We need to get the camper looked at and Jonah could use a real doctor looking him over,\" she pointed out. \"I still think you should stay just one more day,\" Frank sighed. \"Thank you, but we'll be fine.\" Piper looked around. \"Annabelle? Annabelle, get yourself on this camper right now. We need to go.\" Jonah poked his head out of the window as Annabelle scampered inside the camper. \"I don't' need a doctor,\" he insisted. \"You need what I say you need,\" Piper retorted. \"And don't' you sass me, Jonah King. Not after the grief you put me through last night.\" Jonah smiled. \"I love you, sweet Piper.\" \"I love you too baby. Now lie back down on that bed. I'm gonna drive us to the next county so you can get looked at.\" \"Try not to jostle the camper too much,\" he called lying down.\" \"I'll do my best. Annie, go lie with your father.\" Annabelle curled up like a cat next to Jonah as Piper started the camper. She was just about to pull out when someone knocked on the door. \"Room for one more?\" The Accountant asked. \"Uncle Archie!\" Annabelle squealed. Piper gave him a considering look. \"You gonna get my husband's ass jacked again?\" \"I will certainly try not to.\" \"Fair enough. Step inside. Mind your manners.\" \"Yes ma'am.\" Piper waited until The Accountant made himself comfortable before pulling out. The little family was back on the road once more. ","Summary":" Piper held her little girl close. \"How much further?\" she called. \"Woman, if I knew I would tell"},{"Movie":"Drive Angry","Title":"A midnight visit","Author":"AshtonCat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11978416","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He didn't need a key to get in, for he knew he was welcome. It was these things, these little rules she had to learn to communicate with him, and understand him properly. The fact she welcomed him, and actually cared about him, made him able to enter her house without needing permission first. He usually arrived during the quiet hours of the night. Unlocking the front door and entering her small house as quiet as a cat on the hunt. She always compared him to cats, his mannerisms almost feline at times. The way he could look across a room, his gaze fixed on a certain object, a book or piece of new decoration she had purchased during his absence .It wasn't an obscure fact that creatures from the underworld shared certain traits with the only animal on Earth that had always been linked to the dark and occult. Another thing he had in common with felines; he didn't need to turn on any lights. His eyes were well adapted to night vision. And should he go blind, his other senses were just as well developed. It was a cold October night, but still he could make out the shadows of her curtains dancing in the cool breeze coming through her opened windows. The autumn air smelled like rain. A storm was brewing, promising a true Indian Summer monsoon. He made his way through the dark hallway to her bedroom, where his sharp hearing could make out the sound of her calm breathing. If he really fixed his ears, he could even hear her heart beat calmly. She was in complete sleep, unaware of his presence. She used to wake up at the slightest movement in her bedroom. Always anticipating his return. But she had gotten used to his surprise visits. He gazed down at her for a moment. Her long, dark hair sprawled across the pillows and her face buried into the blankets. Gently, careful not to wake her, he sat down on the side of the bed. She shivered lightly when a cold rush of air touched the bare skin of her arms. He reached out to cover her trembling form with the comforter. A light sigh escaped her lips at the sudden sensation of warmth enveloping her, and she snuggled deeper into the blankets. He would have touched her face had he been anything but what he was. He would not disturb her much needed sleep if he didn't need to. She was a high school teacher, and made long hours during the day. For some reason, he felt much like the long awaited husband coming home after his own long day at work. He amused himself with this silly spin of his imagination and tilted his head as he studied her. It had been over a year since the last time he saw her, but he was glad to see she hadn't changed much. Her hair was longer, even longer than before. He frowned when his eyes caught sight of a thin silver bracelet around her wrist. She didn't have that before. \"Who gave you that?\" he whispered, more to himself than to her and touched the piece of jewellery with a slender finger. Silver had the dark tendency to store the memories of all that had touched it, and keep their vibrations latched to its smooth surface. Brief flashes of a man he didn't recognize crossed his mind. A man that held her hand and kissed her under a warm afternoon sun. A man that gave her this bracelet as a birthday gift. She was smiling. They danced. Of course she wouldn't spend her whole life alone. It was only natural for her to find someone, and he was happy to know she did. He only hoped, for the man's sake, the sucker was worthy of enchanting this young woman. She had friends in high, or rather low, places. She had kept the promise she made him a long time ago. To never have anyone stay over at her home. He didn't feel the man's past presence in this bedroom, or even in the house. The poor guy had never seen the inside of these walls. Everything smelled and felt like her. He would have noticed even before entering the house if the man had been here. He suddenly didn't feel like staying anymore, and he didn't quite understand why. It felt like he was intruding upon something that wasn't his business. But her private life was forever influenced by the promise she made him all those years ago. Even if he left her house right now, she would still expect him to be back someday. And knowing her as well as he did, her home would be forever ready for him. No husbands, no children and no Labradors. Just her and the promise she made him when she wasn't even old enough to make such promises. A flash of lightning illuminated the room for a split second, and a clap of thunder rolled through the sky, the atmosphere still thick with the warmth of the hot summer months. It would rain soon. He could feel the room cool down. Too weary from his latest task to leave right now, he decided to make himself some tea and be on his way silently. He would leave a note. Or maybe not. The situation had changed and he wasn't sure he liked it. With a light sigh, he pushed himself up from the bed and made his way to the kitchen. He knew this small house so well. She grew up in it. Her parents, deciding they wanted to move to her father's hometown to care for her grandmother, handed it over to her when she was 22 years old. It had been completely hers for the past four years. The kitchen hadn't changed in years. The walls still covered in its blue flowery wallpaper. He remembered being led into this homey part of the house by his hand when she was only eight years old. Like a pet she had found and wanted to keep. A stray puppy, her very own stray puppy. He had given her parents quite the scare, but was offered tea and a biscuit anyway. No one wore a suit around these parts. So he was looked upon as someone important. The FBI badge came in handy once again. It didn't just work with cops meddling into his business, it also worked to calm down the locals. Or in this case, her kind parents. He was even offered to stay for dinner. An offer he was sadly forced to decline. Going down memory lane worked counterproductive with making tea, and the water was taking its sweet ass time to boil. He sighed and looked at the clock on the wall. 3:45 in the morning. She would get up at 6:30 to get ready for her morning classes. Another clap of thunder caused the car alarms down the street to go off. Dogs started barking. He really didn't feel much for getting soaked to the bone right now. He didn't do well with cold. His body was no longer equipped to deal with very low temperatures. When his tea was ready, he sat down at the small and rickety 60s inspired kitchen table, wrapping his hands around the warm cup. Perhaps this should be his last time looking her up. She deserved a life without half demons using her home as shelter. Half demon.. he really detested that name. It caused a lot of people to think he was the outcome of a demon jumping the bones of some innocent human female. That wasn't what a half demon implied. Atleast, not in most cases. But he was never one to correct humans on their ignorance. He was rather amused by their theories. He sipped his tea quietly when he heard something drip into the hot liquid. He looked down into the mug. A drop of blood vanished slowly in the boiling hot beverage, leaving nothing but faint traces of its ruby color. He reached up to feel his forehead and felt a cut above his right eyebrow. He hadn't even noticed he was injured. The evening's developments had gone by so very fast. His brain was too tired to recollect the exact order of events. It didn't matter. He had done his job successfully. Feelings of dizziness and slight disorientation had caused him to visit her welcoming home once more. His entire system protesting against losing too much heat. If the warm tea would fail to soothe his headache and warm him up, he might be better off on her back breaking couch tonight. He took another careful sip, for the tea was still boiling hot, and peered into the dark night through the kitchen window. It had started to rain by now and the glass was getting foggy from the warmth inside the house. He wasn't supposed to linger around on Earth for too long after completing a task. But he had built up some credit by finishing his missions consistently fast in the past years. He wouldn't get in trouble for enjoying a cup of tea to ease his building headache. This ugly vintage kitchen table held no secrets from him. He had watched her draw her colourful interpretations of Hell and Heaven while he sipped the cheap tasting coffee her mother served to guests. Still under the impression her young daughter had developed an odd friendship with a childless FBI agent. There was one of those drawings in his office down under. A framed picture, yellowish from age, of a man in a suit with horns on his head. Happily holding hands with a little girl in a blue dress. She had pig tails in her hair that day, and she drew them too. He remembered the table filled with pencils in every colour possible. He had protested against the horns, but she had insisted. \"All demons have horns. That's just how you draw them.\" She had told him. He still chuckled thinking about her argument. A sharp tongue she had, even at the age of seven. He hoped she would never lose the courage to stand up for her views, no matter who she was facing. Demons weren't going to be the ones breaking her down in her lifetime. Humans did that to each other, effortlessly. No helping hand from Hell needed. He wondered if they still had that piano in the livingroom. Her father had left it behind when he moved back to his home town. She had played for him when she didn't feel like drawing and had already showed him every new book she had. Simple songs in the beginning. Mary Had A Little Lamb, or some silly church thing. When she was 14, she made him promise to come to her piano recital at her school. He hadn't made it. She had been inconsolable. He hadn't been around for a lot of things a true friend wouldn't miss out on. He hadn't meant to be absent during her high school graduation. But his request to visit Earth for that reason alone, had been denied. She never held it against him. And if she did, she had never told him. His stiff knees started to protest against sitting in the hard chair and he decided to stretch his legs a little before they would lock up on him completely, rendering him unable to go home. He got up slowly, groaning against a pain in his abdomen he hadn't felt before and forced himself to walk to the livingroom. His dizziness was starting to get worse and he rubbed his eyes tiredly. She had not replaced any pieces of furniture. The same old set of armchairs surrounding a wooden coffeetable stood by the fireplace. He smiled when he spotted the old faithful piano standing against the wall, even though it was hidden under a blanket. She didn't play anymore, he knew that. She stopped suddenly when she turned 18, and never told him the exact reason. She dyed her hair black and pierced her tongue. She wore nothing but long leather trenchcoats and read every book about Demons she could get her hands on. She tried witchcraft for a while. Tried to summon him through candles, incantations and spells. All it did was make his ears ring for no reason. She wasn't very good at it. She was a troubled teenager with a powerful friend she couldn't count on, couldn't tell anyone about without getting laughed at. He had told her to cut it out before she'd draw attention to the wrong sort of creatures. He removed the blanket from the piano and opened the fall board, dust particles danced around the dark room. He couldn't remember much of his life as a human being. It was, after all, a very long time ago. But he remembered his father teaching him how to play the piano. He couldn't remember what the man had looked like, no face came to mind when he thought of him. But the smell of the old man's pipe tickling his nose while he stood over him, guiding his much smaller hands over the keyboard, was engraved into his mind forever. He hoped that whoever that idiot was that had given her that piece of silver, he would give her the inner peace and quiet to play again. She could have had a promising career in music, if it hadn't been for him. He blamed himself for it, but didn't know if he had been the only reason. Whether he fucked up her love for piano playing or not, he was determined not to fuck up a love life she had every right to have. He closed the fall board and covered the piano with the faded blanket again. This was going to be his last time here in this house. She had spent 20 years of her precious life, her only life, waiting for him and welcoming him into her home. It had been enough. He would no longer be the reason she couldn't live a full life. Never take anyone home after a party for her house was to be ready for him at all times. Never have anyone stay over for his true identity wasn't to be revealed to anyone else. These were no rules to grow old by. She needed the freedom to marry this son of a bitch if she wanted his sorry ass. She shouldn't even have to think about the opinion of some old half demon with the nerve to care about her. With determination, he walked back into her bedroom, where she had moved only a little. Now laying on her back, still in peaceful slumber. The Goosebumps on her bare arms revealed how cold she was and he closed the window silently. He sat down on the side of her bed once more and gazed at the face of the young woman that had never failed to bring him to his knees with her effortless kindness. He could do this. He could let her go. He let out a deep tired sigh and reached out to brush her hair from her face, careful not to wake her. \"I'm going to miss you, Anna Rose..\" he whispered. Her name was simply Anna. He had nicknamed her Anna Rose cause she once gave him a red rose when she was about ten years old. She had tucked it into the breast pocket of his coat. Anna Rose, how she grows, heaven knows.. the little rhyme he used to tease her with. She had started growing in length rather late of age. But how she had grown, was truly the work of someone who knew what they were doing. The big man upstairs had a plan for all. And hers would no longer involve devils and demons. Like she always wanted him to when she was small, he would fight her demons for her, and remove himself from her life. He had never kissed her before, but he wouldn't leave this house without stealing one tonight. Even if it was only to help that man, whoever he was, to remember who'd be coming after him should he dare break her heart. He leaned in slowly to brush her forehead with his lips. She shuddered at his touch, and he wasn't sure it was because she liked it. His touch was from a world foreign to her, and her response was only natural. He pulled back reluctantly and straightened his back. His spine and shoulder blades gave out little knacks and cracks as he rolled his shoulders, none of which he felt. He hadn't noticed her opened eyes and only looked at her when he felt her hand touch his own. Without saying anything, she sat up slowly, gazing at him with a mixture of confusion and affection. Like a cat his pale eyes reflected the dim glow of the street lights, causing him to look painfully infernal. \"Hello, Anna..\" She smiled and her warm gaze fell on the thin scar on his left cheek and her smile turned into a worried frown as she reached out to touch it lightly with her slender finger, but hovering just above his skin. \"You didn't have that the last time I saw you.\" She whispered. He swallowed thickly against the building nausea and his throbbing head. Now the adrenaline of the chase was wearing off, his body started protesting against the lack of sleep in the past four days. He leaned into her hand absentmindedly and closed his eyes. If she was surprised, she didn't show it. He could drown in her warmth, her young human warmth. Not just once had he simply spent a moment close to her sleeping form to feel the heat radiate from her living body. The sounds it made when he listened closely. Her blood coursing through her veins, and her beating heart. There was no heartbeat underneath his skin, yet his lungs still inhaled and exhaled air he no longer needed. \"We need to treat this..\" she continued, barely audible, tracing her thumb around the edges of the gash above his eyebrow. Before he could answer, she had already left the bed, grabbing her bathrobe from a wallhook to wrap herself in. Now alone in her cosy bedroom he felt his exhaustion slowly get the best of him and he fought the urge to lay down in the warm spot she had left behind. He listened to her rummaging through cupboards and drawers, undoubtedly looking for the right combination of herbs and extracts to treat his injuries with. She had done years of research on how to heal a creature like him, since he showed up with minor injuries now and again. She returned to his side in a whirlwind of sweet smelling ointments and handed him a steaming cup. \"For the pain..\" she explained as he gazed into the mug curiously, sniffing it sceptically like a cat would its meal. Unlike witchcraft and summoning demons, the art of brewing beverages from certain herbs was something she was exceptionally good at. She had never failed to patch him up with her odd concoctions. Remedies and recipes from ancient books. It was a simple formula, whatever herb that had positive qualities in white magic, would do him harm. Any dark qualities would help him. He had played lab rat at her first attempts, of course. He remembered fondly how she knocked him out cold for 35 hours straight one time. Probably the best sleep he had in years. And it was nothing a double expresso couldn't fix. While he sipped at his drink, gazing at her over the rim of his cup, she treated his cut with the sweet ointment he had smelled earlier. He felt the wound starting to glow with a pleasant healing heat. \"Are you hurt somewhere else?\" she asked kindly. He shook his head, eventhough he wasn't completely sure. His last prisoner had put up quite a fight, even armed himself with some sort of consecrated knife that could have seriously injured him. But his body felt bruised, cold, and most of all exhausted. Not gaping with open wounds. The warm drink was making him sleepy and he smiled at her through half lidded eyes. \"Just tired.\" He explained. She nodded in understanding and refrained from asking any more questions. She knew him well. He preferred silence when he was tired, and didn't appreciate any interrogation sessions she might bestow on him, to find out what happened. There was no way she could force him. He was a strong willed creature, and force only caused him to recoil and leave her house before he had rested sufficiently. She had learned all this the hard way. \"What's his name?\" he asked, gazing at her with a vacant expression. It wasn't easy to look at her impassively. He never meant to treat her with coldness. But it had sadly become part of his nature, part of the deal he made with Lucifer himself, now almost a century ago. She sat back slowly, folding her arms across her chest and tilting her head in question. She wasn't sure his interest was genuine. They had never been in a situation like this before. She had had boyfriends she never told him about, simply to avoid this very discussion. They came and went, and were never important enough to mention. But he knew all about them. \"Isn't it a little late to get all possessive now?\" she asked with a soft smile. There was no menace in her voice, just a bitter sadness he couldn't quite place. \"His name is Richard. He's a good man. We're colleagues.\" She continued. He could only look away, mildly irritated with the guy already. The thought alone that this dull as dishwasher sounding teacher, probably wearing a pair of outdated glasses and a sweater his mother knitted him for Christmas, getting his hands allover this woman, his own little Anna, was almost unbearable to him. Someone just earned himself a ticket down under. \"Yes, he sounds absolutely fascinating..\" He spat sarcastically, causing her to sigh in exasperation. \"well no, he's not a half demon, or any sort of creature one might find more interesting to have around. He's painfully normal, and guess what.. I like that about him.\" she shot back. \"Damn you..\" he could hear the tears in her voice and couldn't make himself to look into her slowly overflowing eyes. \"I didn't come here to argue with you about this man.\" His tone had gone softer, almost apologetic if she didn't know him any better. He didn't like it when she was angry with him, but he wasn't sorry for speaking in a way humans didn't understand. \"Then why did you come? That cut can't be the only reason.\" She mumbled and readjusted her bathrobe, tying the knot a little tighter. It was dark in the dim bedroom, yet she knew better than to turn on the light on her side table. He much preferred the dark. \"I came to say goodbye. You're right, you know. If you want this man, you should be free to have him.\" He said, keeping his voice as monotone as possible. Emotions would only make this harder. \"And as long as I keep sneaking into your life at the most unexpected and inconvenient moments, you keep your windows open to make it easier for me. I want you to close them.\" She stared at him in utter shock, her mouth agape as if she wanted to say something but couldn't find the words. She had gotten so good at keeping her emotions at bay around him. He remembered the years where she was allover the place when he showed up. Clinging to him for dear life at times. But life had scarred her and made her wary of her own feelings. It happened to every human being. He had hoped the little girl he knew with the bright smile would be spared of the experiences most women had to go through, but he had been unable to protect her from life itself. \"why?..\" she finally asked, tearing up. \"Because of Richard?! It's not anything like that! He's just..\" He shook his head quickly, holding up his hand to stop her from going on. \"This has nothing to do with him.\" He said. \"This is something I decided a while ago. I just needed the courage and possibly the disorientation to come here and tell you. You don't know how long I've lingered through this house before waking you.\" She gazed at him with a mixture of hurt and defeat, big tears rolling down her cheeks. The look of disappointment he well deserved and would no longer be responsible for. \"I never once thought your visits were holding me back from living a full life.\" She whispered. He swayed where he sat, feeling the dizziness get worse. His head too tired for a discussion like this, but he had been the one to start it. He made his bed, now he had to lay in it. \"What if you end up marrying this Raymond?\" \"Richard..\" \"Richard.. what if you end up marrying him?\" She gazed at him for a long time, noticing with worry how he swallowed thickly and closed his eyes a little too long for her liking sometimes. He had started shivering, which was never a good sign. With great tenderness, she placed her warm hand against his cheek, his skin stone cold. There had been a moment, a long time ago, where he had put a stop to her cheerful hugs. Ever since that day, there had been little physical contact between them. The only time he allowed her to touch him, was to treat the minor injuries he showed up with. He didn't stop her now, and welcomed her caresses. They felt foreign, a long forgotten sensation, but so good. \"I have an idea.\" She started softly, giving him the kind of warm smile she always seemed to save for him and him alone. He lifted his eyebrows in question, indicating he was listening. \"You're freezing, exhausted, and you are in bad need of a good rest. If you want to talk about Richard and my feelings for him, you're going to have to wait till morning. And then I'll tell you.\" He frowned tiredly at her proposition. The internal battle he had had with himself earlier this evening suddenly seemed decided by her and her terms. He wanted nothing more than to curl up beside her, bask in her warmth, and wake up to her bright smile as she bustled through the house getting ready for her day. He had spent nights at her home before. Always sleeping on her couch. In the morning, she'd let him occupy the hammock in her sunny garden, soaking up the warm rays of light like a cat on a hot tin roof. But it wasn't good for her to spend so much time in the presence of a half demon, and the part in him that was still human, cared about what did her right. And what she deserved for all her years of waiting for him. She had shed silent tears over his absence. Missing him and needing him at moments he couldn't be with her. She deserved better, it came down to that. \"And if you cared that much about a man coming into my life..\" she continued, causing him to snap out of his thoughts and look into her eyes. \"You would have asked me out for a cup of coffee a long time ago, wouldn't you?\" He could see the hurt in her smile right there. She was so painfully human in every way. \"Would you like to have a cup of coffee with me?\" he asked then, his voice shaky from the violent shivers that ran up and down his body. He gave her an apologetic half smile. But she only frowned, the sadness never leaving her expression. It was a wound that was no longer open, but had left a sore and sensitive spot behind. She had cared about him, he realized, but for his own stupid sake, she had never voiced her feelings. And slowly, as she grew older, she had learned how to store these feelings somewhere, where no one would ever find them. This was exactly what he had wanted to shield her from, but his efforts had worked counterproductive. He had caused her to hurt instead. \"I would like for you to stay here and rest.\" She answered, placing the back of her warm hand against his forehead gently. Every part of him was cold to the touch when he was tired, and warmed up as he rested. She remembered the first time he had fallen asleep in her presence, she had been no older than 10. Her mother hadn't minded the supposed FBI agent slumbering on her sofa. And when he woke up, and said his goodbyes to the little girl, his hand had felt as warm as if he had spent the whole afternoon in a hot tub. But he had never been this cold before. He ceased his attempts to sum up reasons why he shouldn't be in this woman's welcoming presence right now. She wanted him there and he needed his rest. So he nodded at her request and let out a deep sigh. Her couch was old and it always managed to give him a sore back in the morning, but her home was a safe place to be and he could rest with the knowledge she watched over him while he slept. His only worry was if he could sufficiently warm up all by himself and a few blankets. She smiled at his decision and climbed out of bed. \"I'll go and prepare the sofa for you..\" she said. Feeling bold, and rather desperate, he took hold of her wrist gently, stopping her in her way to the door. He needed her to listen to him for a moment. He needed her to talk to him, and say what was really on her mind. Perhaps it would turn into a talk that was long overdue, but he was willing to take his chances. He knew his hand was ice cold and he let go of her quickly once he saw her startled expression. \"I can stay awake for a little longer.. will you stay and talk to me for a bit?\" He asked softly, gazing up at her. \"Please..\" She rubbed her wrist absentmindedly and gazed at him with unsure eyes. He wasn't being fair to her, he knew that. And she looked at him as if she was searching for any ill meant motive behind his desperate stare. She didn't trust him anymore, like she had done blindly when she was younger. If he had asked the same question eight years ago, she would have said yes without a trace of hesitation. \"Why now?\" Came her devastating answer. \"What could we possibly have to talk about?\" He had tried to explain his physiology to her years ago. How his heart no longer beats and his lungs no longer pull oxygen from the air he breathes. There was a part of him that wasn't human anymore and it came with its own set of strengths and weaknesses. Sometimes he wondered if it would have been better, more clear, if he did have horns and a long tail. It would make him look less human, and more like the creature he was. Perhaps then she would have understood. But he doubted it. He didn't have all the answers either, and he never liked her questions, never liked being reminded of not knowing exactly what he was and wasn't. Her gaze had slowly turned defiant while he contemplated his answer. It was a certain way she could look at him that caused him to recoil and avert his eyes like a dog being punished. She reminded him too much of why he was in Hell in the first place. He had never been a good person. He never would be. But he had tried for her. \"Is this because of Richard?\" She asked. Again the name of that sack of shit he didn't want to be reminded of. He closed his eyes in agitation, counting till ten to calm himself down. Another shiver ran down his spine and he wrapped his arms around himself. This had been a huge mistake. He had created his own safe haven, and then he had commenced to tear it down and watch it burn. Her eyes spat fire, she was so guarded. \"I'll go..\" He mumbled, heaving himself up from the bed with difficulty. But she blocked his path. Standing close to her, he could feel the heat radiate from her living body. It's all he wanted right now. To have her share that warmth with him that he could no longer produce himself. But that was a privilege not meant for him. And he felt a murderous rage every time he thought of the name of the person that held that very privilege. He looked up at her, at how she was observing him so closely and let out a deep, tired sigh. She was long past the phase to ask him what had happened. He never told her anything about the people he was hunting down. He came to her when he had caught them, to rest up before going back where he belonged. She was never given any names or periods of time. But she knew him by now, and could tell when the hunt had taken a long time. When he showed up smelling like sulphur and gasoline, the hunt had been short. But when he showed up smelling of rain and morning air.. it had taken him days, if not weeks, to track down his prisoner. It was these very things that had caused her to become distant from him over time. All the things she had to find out for herself for he simply wouldn't tell her. Like a true friend would do. \"Anna, you're either going to have to let me sit down or walk to that couch, cause I'm telling you.. standing is not something I can do right now.\" He told her gently, feeling his legs starting to protest. She had wanted to say something, anything. But standing so closely in front of him still rendered her speechless. That, and her sympathy for his tired body got the best of her eventually. So she nodded and stepped aside to let him through. Loosening his tie, he moved toward the living room where a prepared sofa was waiting for him. She had purchased those extra pillows just for him, years ago. She'd put colourful covers on them too when he was staying over. The best part was that everything smelled of her. He sat down to untie his shoes and placed them next to the couch. His tie and jacket were neatly placed on a chair. He buried himself underneath the stack of blankets she had given him, shivering like a kitten in a hailstorm. The rain was pouring out of the sky like there would be no tomorrow. Like God had decided to flood the place allover again. He was so cold, so cold. The blankets weren't warming up either, cause he was producing no body heat. Laying on his side in a rolled up ball, he felt a jealousy wash over him and cloud his brain with a bitterness he thought he got rid of a long time ago. He didn't even notice her entering and only looked up when she placed her warm hand against the side of his aching head. He rolled onto his back slowly and stiffly to meet her worried gaze. \"Do you need another blanket?\" she asked, her voice just above a whisper. \"I can get you more.\" He smiled tiredly at her and shook his head, making himself dizzy. \"It won't do much good. I simply have to rest and warm up. I thought you knew this..\" He said, raising an eyebrow in question. \"It's never been this bad, I believe.\" She said softly. He shifted, making himself more comfortable on his back. \"I'm just glad to be in a horizontal position\" He mumbled. \"I was dizzy.\" He hadn't expected to feel her fingers run through his hair, she had never done such a thing before, but it felt more than wonderful. He didn't want her to spend the rest of the night on her knees next to the couch helping him get rid of his headache, but right now he was taking full advantage of the situation. He didn't remember what it had felt like to be touched like this when he was still human, but he was almost sure it felt differently now. His senses were much sharper, even his sense of touch. He was sure she could make him high if she kept going. Had he been anymore feline than he already was, he would have started purring by now. Feeling his shudder, and mistaking it for something else, she paused. \"Do you want me to stop?\" Came her timid question. \"Don't you dare..\" Her chuckle amused him greatly, he always preferred to see her smile and hear her laugh. She hadn't done enough of that in her short life. And he had been the cause of her tears and frowns many times, yet she was still willing to help him, and always did so in the most tender of ways. But tonight was different, a true rarity that would probably never occur again. He shouldn't play with her mind like this. Another flash of lightning lit up the room for a split second, and a loud crack of thunder ripped through the sky, causing the windows of the old house to shake. She had been afraid of weather like this when she was a child, hiding under the covers of her bed with a flashlight. He couldn't take away her fear, but he could calm her young wrecked nerves by placing his cold hand on her forehead. He wouldn't tell her he was simply forcing her heart to slow down, and that the very same skill had been used to end lives, but it had worked nonetheless. The child had calmed, and her fear never returned. Now he was the one with a hand on his forehead, as she attempted to soothe his headache. \"Will you be gone when I wake up tomorrow morning?\" she asked. He could hear the sadness in her question. \"It already is morning.. and I am still here..\" He mumbled smoothly. \"You know what I mean..\" she said. Yes, he knew what she meant. He also knew she would never understand his worry about spending too much time up here. It was such an abstract thing to tell a human the Devil might want a word with him if he broke the rules. And she had always recoiled whenever he did mention his employer. But like always, he didn't know when he would see her again. And by that time, she could be married to Raymond. Roger.. Oh for fuck's sake.. Richard, that's it. \"I still have to take you out for coffee..\" He said, not bothering to open his eyes to see her expression. \"It's been a while since I had pancakes.\" She didn't answer, and somehow he knew they weren't going nowhere tomorrow morning. And not just because she didn't want to, but also because he could predict already he was going to shamelessly sleep in. He felt himself heat up at a steady pace thanks to her healing touch. He wouldn't wake up before his body had sufficiently rested. He was only mildly aware of her soft kiss on his cheek, before he finally fell asleep. R&R; please! ","Summary":" He didn't need a key to get in, for he knew he was welcome. It was these things, these little rules"},{"Movie":"Drive Angry","Title":"Raise A Little Hell","Author":"IronAmerica","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8990137","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So, I promised Steph-Schell a Drive Angry fic. And Piper and Jonah decided to be a married couple. Un-beta'ed, so quibble away. - o – o - Raise a Little Hell One Jonah King cannot abide a man who beats his wife. A man who beats the woman he claims to love is just as bad. He doesn't even know why he stopped in this… picturesque little spot in the middle-of-nowhere Colorado. The errant souls he's supposed to be collecting are in New Mexico. But this.. For an unscheduled stop, it's been unbelievably entertaining. He watches the little blonde spitfire kick her brutish thug of a man again. She's done rather well in the fight, despite being badly outclassed in weight and size. To Jonah, it looks like she's got several broken fingers as well as the swollen, blackened eyes and broken nose. Jonah takes another sip of his tepid beer, just to make it look like he won't interfere. He's a Book Keeper, not a knight in shining armor. Except when he is, apparently. The thug hits the little spitfire again. She goes down, curled up on her side like she's been hurt. Badly. Spitfire holds her hand up, clearly begging her abuser to stop. The man laughs, spits on her, and raises his foot like he's going to kick her. Jonah loses it. Spitfire caught his attention. That makes her his . Hell gets a new soul. Jonah makes a note to burn the shirt when he's got the time. Spitfire fits into his arms like she was made for it. Jonah looks down at her, wondering at the amount of fire in her blue eyes. Even when she's half-beaten up, she's a fiery little thing. Tough too. She busts his lip open and spits in his face as soon as he sets her on the hood of his car. Surprisingly, Jonah lets her. Two Piper—his darling little Spitfire—is nasty when she's been cockblocked. (If there's a feminine equivalent, Jonah doesn't know it.) Two months of enforced bed rest and recovery have made her rather feisty—not that Jonah minds, when he finds out, of course. She's as much of a fighter in bed as she is everywhere else. Jonah finds that fact out after he wakes up one morning, tied to his bed. With ties. He doesn't even own a tie, much less two. Piper's touch is apparent right off. Because the ties are pastel pink and paisley. And she laughs at him when he asks her about them. She bought them specifically to tie him up with. There are, occasionally, more important things than doing his job as a Book Keeper for Hell. Like waking up tied to his headboard to see Piper looking down at him wearing a wicked smile and nothing else. Three Jonah teaches his girl how to shoot a gun after a hunt goes bad. Piper came out of it alright—a black eye and a fractured cheekbone are alright in his book, although the swelling makes kissing a little harder than usual—but Jonah decided that guns were in order. Jonah's never going to forget watching Piper beat the misbegotten sonofabitch to the ground, though. The happy memories of his sweet Piper taking charge are worth any pain these lessons might bring. Her first gun is a tiny little pistol, but it packs a punch. Just like his little Spitfire. Her aim is terrible, but it gets better with the personal lessons. Soon enough, Piper's good enough to hit the broad side of a barn. Jonah makes sure she can hit a much smaller target before he gives her anything larger than the Saturday Night Special. Piper's quite pleased with herself when he finally teaches her how to use a rifle. As to where in the hell she's going to hide it, Jonah doesn't know. He's mildly afraid to ask… Four His boss is a pain in the ass. There is no other way to put it. Jonah's done a good job in the past year since Piper started traveling with him, so there's no real reason to have his boss drop in. Piper's shot him eighteen times. He hasn't gotten the hint to stay away. (If that ever worked at some point, Jonah doesn't know.) The Accountant's been bothering them for a few days, off and on. Jonah's biggest problem—aside from the fact that he's on mandatory vacation so his fingers can regrow—is that the bastard isn't leaving Piper alone. Anything else is tolerable. Bothering Piper is not. That's what really gets on his nerves. Piper solves the issue by taking a golf club to the Accountant's knees. While he's nigh-immortal and fairly indestructible, taking a nine-iron to the knees will stop anyone . The boss likes her. Jonah wonders if his life could get any more complicated. He should have learned to keep his mouth shut. But it all works out anyways. Piper gets a job. Jonah gets a new headache. And his boss is now involved in his sex life. Which is awkward. Five Jonah's the one who takes care of Piper when she's injured. He knows exactly what type of medicine she needs when she gets a head cold, and he knows that—while she claims to hate it—Piper loves it when he brings her chicken noodle soup in bed. He knows just what to do when Piper gets sick, even if it's just a simple cold. Having Piper look after him, on the other hand… Piper has no idea what needs to be done when he gets sick. Piper doesn't know if he's allergic to Tylenol, or if he prefers one brand of painkillers over another. She doesn't know if he likes extra pepper in his bowl of chicken noodle soup, or if he'd rather just sleep in a dark room if his headache can't be managed with Tylenol and similar painkillers. She doesn't know if he likes watching movies when he's on more painkillers than is usually legal, or if he'd rather just sleep. So, when Jonah gets sick, he's a little worried. Piper's not exactly the mothering sort, even with him. She's tough, and she's good at being a Book Keeper. (She's even a damn good cook, since he's listing her best traits.) But she pulls through. Jonah likes extra pepper in his soup. Ginger tea makes it easier to swallow Tylenol. And Jake Gyllenhaal means that his TV gets smashed, because who wants to watch that? Piper gets him a copy of the first Tomb Raider after that, and he uses her as a Piper-shaped pillow while he dozes off as the movie hits the halfway point. Six Piper's the one mother that should never be threatened. Jonah—Jamie, he's going by now, due to the little incident of having been the crazy leader of a murderous Satanic cult—doesn't even know how or why the incident started. All he knows is that he got a call from the police, asking him to come bail his wife out of prison. And maybe just please take her and their kid out of the state, if he could? (Jonah's a bit worried by this point, and he might have gone over the speed limit by a few…dozen miles per hour…) Piper's quite fine. The man who attacked her…not so much. Piper's got a black eye and her nail polish has been chipped. She's rocking Annabelle and humming the lullaby Jonah usually sings their daughter at night. Jonah casts a look at the man in the cell and winces internally. He wonders what the bastard did to deserve…what Piper did to him. He bails her out and the police tell him that it won't be necessary to come back for trial or anything else. Piper's just given a stern warning to be careful about things in the near future. And please, please, lady, just don't call the local gang-lord wannabe that he'd look better castrated next time you're here. Jonah manages not to start laughing until they're in the RV and on the interstate. \"I ever told you I love you, sweet Piper?\" - o – o - So, what did you think? Good? Bad? Are Piper and Jonah sweet or dysfunctional? Drop a line and let me know! ","Summary":" So, I promised Steph-Schell a Drive Angry fic. And Piper and Jonah decided to be a married couple. "},{"Movie":"Drive Angry","Title":"Calavera","Author":"The Readers Muse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12729794","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own the movie \"Drive Angry.\" Everything belongs to whoever owns them, my wishful thinking aside. Authors Note #1: Part one of my \"Thearchy\" series. I really liked The Accountant so here we are, I guess. Disclaimer: post movie, gore, blood, canon appropriate violence, adult language, drama, angst, The Accountant basically doesn't have time for this shit but he makes time because honestly he is probably bored and Milton is interesting and Piper is lurking and there is something about all of that combined he might just like. Calavera At the end of the day, John Milton was not particularly special. Despite evidence to the contrary, while he might agree he'd earned his place in hell, he - like so many others - was immune to the reality that he deserved to pay for it. Meaning, quite frankly, staying the fuck put. Eternal damnation was not an empty phrase. Or at least it had been once. Perhaps he was getting soft. Either way, Milton's words had proven more than true over the next decade. And while he would demure to the contrary, he came to enjoy the occasional excursion above ground as the years passed. So long as the God Killer stayed put. And given that Milton had no real reason to bring it along as insurance, it did. He had more than enough reminder of it however. Given that the wound underneath his eye had never fully healed. Staying open, angry and throbbing across the thin of his human skin like a low-grade headache. The boss had just laughed, telling him it suited him and that was that. But he chose to see it as a reminder. A humbling smattering of moments where a God had known what it was to fear. It'd been exhilarating. Terrifying. Wrathful. Sweet. He wondered if that was what it felt like to be alive. Truly alive. He cocked his head in the middle of his book-keeping as the thought occurred. Breathing in the comforting smells of sulfur and decay. Blotting the page with dew drops of crimson as the fate of a soul shivered in the oily mist whirling above his head. Writhing like a fractured hurricane. Curious. They fell into a habit of sorts. Milton would escape and he would hunt him down. Standing bored and unaffected amidst the debris of Milton's latest conquest. Usually with a perfectly timed retort to the barrage of bullets Milton fired his way - just for old times sake - before the chase was on again. The truth was there was no where to go. Nowhere he couldn't find him. He knew it. Milton knew it. Even Miss Piper had understood as much in the end, as limited as her perception was. That truth was the only constant to their little adventures. Ultimately, it was simply a matter of waiting until the man had tuckered himself out. Milton was far more pliable once his vices had been properly scratched. And he was more inclined to be generous around the same time. It was a strange sort of harmony, but one he found he enjoyed all the same. But as the years passed, it did leave him with more than a few questions. And when it came to curiosity, well- he'd never been able to help himself. \"Why don't you ever see her?\" he asked after the fifth time. Directing the question into the companionable silence that existed between the tart of pulverized dust motes and expelled shot. Leaning idly against the pock-marked bar as Milton drank whiskey right from the bottle on the other side. Shotgun in hand and pointed at him like a childish threat. \"Why do you like being up here so much?\" Milton countered. Drudging up the words like they came from some long-forgotten place deep in the hollows of himself. \"The others don't. All they talk about is the stink, the space, the noise. Like humanity is a disease. Like if you aren't careful it'll get stuck to you like a smear of shit you can't scrub off.\" His smile had too many teeth as he listened, but it was genuine nonetheless. Understanding the sentiment beyond the deflection. Sometimes, when there was nothing left to trade, words became currency. \"I asked first, answering first is only polite,\" he pointed out. \"I wasn't polite the day I was born,\" Milton grunted. Somehow managing to be both matter of fact and sour. And yes, that much was true. He remembered. \"Your mother never blamed you,\" he returned mildly. Remembering the hushing, pearly sigh her soul had made as she'd gusted past him. Tired, kind and unendingly hopeful for the new life she'd brought into the world. She'd been a rare, refreshing breeze in a broiling sea of multi-hued hellfire and humidity. The kind you didn't forget. Even if you could. Milton, however, barely even twitched at the announcement. He tilted his head as he sensed a change in the air. Closing his eyes with open enjoyment as the familiar scent threatened complete distraction. She was close. Fascinating. Once again she was all but nipping at their heels. Just as he always chased Milton, Piper, the woman-child, never failed to come after them. Following Milton's trail of lust and carnage across entire states. Only to have them disappear into thin air when she was this close. One had to wonder why she bothered. \"I suppose,\" he started, sensing Milton's head tip up. Caught off guard when he actually answered. \"Its because, I'm already tainted - if you'll excuse the phrase. I've been submerged since the beginning. I hear their words, their petty complaints. They are meaningless. I understand humanity in a way they cannot. I am the bridge that connects our worlds. The conduit through which both sides ebb and flow.\" He closed his eyes. Feeling the truth of it sing like errant molecules he could capture and crush between his fingers. Allowing them to float free as his temporary thrum of good will throbbed lowly through the bar like the beat of a distant drum. He swayed with it, following its ancient rhythms. The ones mankind had forgotten. Knowing that Milton was watching just the same as he knew that somewhere close by, the man's grandchild was burbling to herself in a car-seat. Soothed by the roar of an engine. \"I've reaped the best and the worst you have to offer. I am smeared in humanity. Drowning. Slathered. I've held every heart in my hand. Weighed and tallied every soul. I am unique. And- yes, I'll admit that seeing my charges before they're tarnished, watching the walk the balance between heaven and hell is something of a novelty,\" he admitted. \"So, its all just a game to you?\" Milton rasped, voice host to a raw, angry sort of finality that made the hairs on the back of his neck bristle in affront. \"Everything is a game,\" he returned like a whip-crack. Advancing around the hub of the bar as the barrel of Milton's gun twitched like a warning. \"The games I play merely have a pre-determined ending and have much higher stakes than the ones you involve yourself in. Now- answer my question.\" The glare Milton sent his way was half hearted, but coarse. \"You know why,\" the man sighed reedily, voice whiskey-rough as he took another deep pull from the bottle. \"They're better off forgetting about me.\" It didn't sting his nostril like a sulfur-lie. Milton knew better than to lie to him. This was truth. And he wasn't wrong. But he was quite sure the damage had already been done. His fingers trailed down the pitted surface of the bar. Debating telling him what he knew. The tally of numerals and fractions both the child and the woman had to their names. He would enjoy them, when their time came. Regardless of which way the scales leaned. They would be notable, if nothing else. Only, Milton had never asked. He didn't want to know. And he respected that. The rev of a charger's engine highlighted the closing divide. Saving himself from any further introspection as the screech of tires seemed to rouse even Milton from his overly emotional stupor. \"Come along, Milton. It's time.\" A/N: There will be more to come for this series, please stay tuned. Thank you for reading, please let me know what you think. Reference: - Calavera: Spanish, representation of a human skull. - Thearchy: rule by a god or gods; a body of divine rulers. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own the movie \"Drive Angry.\" Everything belongs to whoever owns them, my wish"},{"Movie":"Drive Angry","Title":"Balancing Accounts","Author":"Jedi Buttercup","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10534025","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : Balancing Accounts Author : Jedi Buttercup Rating : T Disclaimer : The words are mine; the world is not. Summary : For all that John Milton was literally damned, he had been granted rather more of the Lord's infinite mercy than most. 500 words. Spoilers : Drive Angry (2011) Notes : Found clearing out old scrapfiles: an introspective little exploratory bit set somewhere in the future of my crossover Nicolas Cage-verse. I still intend to go back and write more of that, eventually. When the Accountant asked John Milton, on the long ride back to Hell, when exactly he decided he could trust Piper Sparks with his granddaughter's life, he said it was when she burst out of Jonah King's RV, eyes flashing and hands all cut up from a fight. (Though the truth was, he'd had his eye on Piper from the moment he saw her serve muffins and milk to a hungry child. Her boss had tried to punish her for her kindness by feeling her up in public- and she'd near-castrated him for it, even though it cost her the job. Mindful that he'd have to leave his baby girl with someone even if- no, after - he got her back, John had figured better a foul-mouthed little lioness than the distant relatives Suzy'd go to otherwise. They hadn't given a damn about his daughter's fate, why should he trust them to care for hers ? It hadn't hurt, of course, that Piper came with a very sweet ride.) Strangely enough, when the Accountant later found the opportunity to ask Piper- in circumstances too tiresome to go into in brief- why she'd decided to bind her fate up with a stranger born forty years, half a country, and a whole culture away from her, her answer matched up with Milton's like a pair of bookends. She said it was because Milton said he needed her, but still gave her an out: of course she'd replied she was with him 'til the end. (Though the truth was, she'd known John Milton for someone she could trust the moment she'd laid eyes on him: tall and slim, all black denim with a wry twist to his mouth, a helpful way with an engine, and respectful eyes. That hadn't stopped her from taking out a little insurance just in case- her instincts had failed her with Frank, after all- but she'd never felt threatened by Milton. Even after she'd realized what he was. She could spot a lustful eye on a man at twenty paces, but Milton looked at her face, not her breasts or bare thighs. And it wasn't that he had a limp dick; he'd proved that at the Bull by the Balls. So dead man walking or not- he was decent , and that made him a prize specimen in Piper's world.) She was a forthright woman, not shy about defending what was hers- and he was a forthright man, willing to go to any lengths for the same cause. They couldn't have been a match made in Heaven, one would think, for obvious reasons. But for all that John Milton was literally damned, he had been granted rather more of the Lord's infinite mercy than most. For Someone had surely been looking out for him when He'd put Piper in John's path. (Not a very satisfying summation, to balance against Milton's record. At least the Accountant didn't have to balance St. Peter's books... though he'd have given much to see that entry.) -x- ","Summary":" Title : Balancing Accounts Author : Jedi Buttercup Rating : T Disclaimer : The words are mine; the "},{"Movie":"Drive Angry","Title":"The Family Business","Author":"Steph-Schell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8976135","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Accountant and Piper watched Milton take the keys and run to the car. They could hear him rev into the middle of the ceremony as they climbed to the watchtower. Chaos broke loose as Milton blasted his way through worshippers. And in that chaos, Jonah King and the baby disappeared. It was six days later when Piper and The Accountant finally found the RV by the side of the road. A man in a soft blue shirt and a pair of blue jeans was dancing slightly as he held a baby in one arm and a beer in the other. \"I would like to reach out my hand/ See you/Tell you to run/Pick me up with golden hand/See you/Tell you to run/I would like to hold my little hand/How we will run We will/\" The man paused. He didn't even bother turning around as they approached. A familiar Southern accent rolled out to them. \"Sweet Piper,\" he said. \"I was expecting you so much earlier than this. Not only willful but late too. Such a shame.\" He whirled around and began to move towards them with deliberate steps. \"After all, how is our daughter to learn important skills like punctuality if her mother cannot set a good example?\" Jonah stopped when they were nose to nose. He kissed her forehead. \"You look beautiful, as always,\" he murmured. Piper bit her lip as she smiled. \"I'm just in some old clothes,\" she demurred. \"Piper, a woman like you has her beauty shine from the inside. There is nothing you could wear that would diminish that.\" Piper blushed as Jonah handed over the baby. \"Happy Birthday, my love.\" He smiled ruefully. \"Two days late because you are as well.\" Piper smiled first at him and then at the child in her arms. \"Oh, Jamie,\" she murmured. \"When you give gifts, you really give gifts.\" Seized by sudden emotions, she wrapped her hand around his neck and kissed him deeply. When they pulled apart there were tears in her eyes. \"I was so afraid you wouldn't make it out of that fire fight,\" she admitted softly. He rested his forehead against hers. \"I will always return to you,\" he promised. \"It is our destiny.\" The baby between them gurgled and waved her arms. Jonah smiled at both of them. \"Get to know our daughter,\" he encouraged. \"She was so anxious to meet you when I spoke of you.\" \"You are so precious,\" Piper cooed as she bounced the child in her arms. Jonah pulled away from her. \"Name her as well,\" he ordered turning to The Accountant. \"She's starting to respond to 'the girl' and we can't have that.\" Piper just smiled to herself as she watched him strut up to The Accountant. \"King,\" The Accountant greeted. Jonah gave him a small bow. \"I trust you did eventually capture Milton.\" \"With all the trouble I had to put the two of you through to get him?\" His expression took on just a hint of amusement and smugness. \"I do fear Miss Piper would have my balls if I didn't. But yes, he is back in his hole.\" \"I can tell by your face that you've been suitably entertained by his escape.\" \"You were the ones that orchestrated his escape, not me,\" The Accountant pointed out. Jonah snorted. \"You were pouting in a corner and Piper couldn't summon you with any ritual known to man. It was either this or kill the girl for real.\" \"I would prefer not to add my best book keepers to my books,\" The Accountant informed him. Piper snickered as she danced around with her little girl. \"That's what you're going to be,\" she whispered to the child. \"You're going to be a Book Keeper just like mommy and daddy. You'll fight bad guys and rescue children and just fuck shit up.\" Jonah whipped around. \"Piper!\" he called sharply. \"Language in front of the child. She shouldn't be usin' those phrases any more than you should.\" \"Sorry,\" Piper called back, completely unapologetic. Satisfied, Jonah turned back to his part time lover. \"How many souls this time?\" he asked. \"Forty-five even,\" The Accountant replied. \"You two are quite good at your jobs. Especially when you team up.\" Jonah cocked an eyebrow. \"Haven't you had enough sex yet? I know you and Piper were goin' at it while I was being forced to deal with drunk Satan worshippers.\" Piper clucked her tongue in sympathy. \"They didn't hurt you too much, did they baby?\" \"I may not like it but I was never in much danger,\" Jonah admitted grudgingly. Piper came over to them. \"You were very brave to save our new little girl from all those horrible people. And now they're all back in hell like they belong. They won't every hurt another soul again.\" She gave him her biggest grin. \"And it's all thanks to you.\" Jonah smiled down at her. \"I do love you,\" he murmured, leaning down for a kiss. \"Though next time you play a roll, could you not stab me?\" Piper winced. \"Sorry, baby. You never gave me a safe word. And I wanted Milton to really buy it.\" \"Oh he bought it,\" The Accountant agreed. \"Milton is quite the sucker for a damsel in distress.\" Jonah's eyes flashed. \"Did he touch you?\" Jonah demanded of Piper. She gave him her best puppy dog look and rubbed his arm to soothe him. \"There is only one other man that touches me like that besides you. And he is standing right here with us. You know I'd never let a tarnished soul like John Milton ever touch me. Any more than you would have actually killed his granddaughter. Or anyone else that didn't deserve it.\" Piper kissed his cheek. \"Don't worry so, Jamie. I was well protected the entire time.\" \"A man is entitled to worry about his wife,\" Jonah insisted. \"But you worry too much,\" Piper countered softly. \"I was never in any danger. Not like you were.\" \"As long as I have your love, I can defeat anything,\" Jonah grinned. She smiled right back. \"Have you thought of a name for our little girl?\" Piper smiled at the sleepy baby in her arms. \"Annabelle,\" she declared. \"Annabelle Rose Kingston.\" She glanced up at him. \"Good name?\" \"Perfect name,\" he agreed. \"Though it does bring up the problem of me being a wanted fugitive.\" \"So am I,\" Piper shrugged. He tilted his head in confusion. \"Didn't I tell you? I killed cops,\" she explained brightly. Jonah glanced at The Accountant. \"They were on the list,\" he nodded. \"Piper's soul is in no danger over going below.\" Jonah gave a satisfied nod. No wife of his would be confined to hell if he could help it. \"Well, while you are in trouble, sweet Piper, your face has not been plastered all over the news as mine has. And our precious Annabelle.\" \"Yeah but those fu—idiots are looking for Jonah King, insane cult leader. Not Jamie Kingston, married family man with an RV.\" Piper gave him a reassuring smile. \"Don't you worry, we'll cut your hair, get you some new clothes, you'll look completely different. They'll never recognize you.\" \"I didn't realize there was a problem with my clothes,\" Jamie teased. \"There isn't,\" Piper promised, eyeing the blue shirt that had been worn soft by hours spent cuddling together. \"But we'll pick up some new things just in case.\" She looked down at Annabelle. \"We're going to make your daddy even more handsome than he already is,\" she cooed. \"And then we'll get down to the business of teaching you to be a Book Keeper like us.\" She tickled the little girl. \"You'll just love it. We hunt down evil souls and send them straight to Satan. Best job in the world.\" \"Speaking of the job, we should head out,\" Jamie insisted. \"We're too open here.\" He began to shepherd his wife and daughter to the RV. Piper paused and turned to The Accountant. \"Aren't you coming?\" she asked. \"It's been so long since I've had both my men in bed with me. It get cold without you.\" The Accountant smiled. \"Head to the trailer park with Jamie and Annabelle, I'll meet the two of you there tonight.\" Piper smiled at him as Jamie slipped an arm around her shoulders and led her away. \"Oh, and Piper?\" She turned to him. \"Enjoy the roses.\" Piper was about to ask what he meant but he was gone. Jamie opened the door of the RV for her and dozens of cream, pink and lavender roses spilled out. Piper couldn't help laughing. Jamie was the one that found the card suck in the window. Their lover's elegant hand spell out \"Thank you both for the adventure. And a very Happy Birthday Piper. \"Oh that man just loves to show off,\" Piper murmured. She kissed Jamie. \"Annabelle will ride up front with you.\" Jamie got them both settled before going to the driver's seat. \"Ready?\" Piper grinned. \"Let's go meet him.\" \"As my lady commands.\" And they were back on the road once more. ","Summary":" The Accountant and Piper watched Milton take the keys and run to the car. They could hear him rev i"},{"Movie":"Drive Angry","Title":"How teh Man became a Prophet","Author":"Steph-Schell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8992652","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He hadn't started out this way. He hadn't meant to be the leader of a twisted cult that killed children. This hadn't been what he'd intended at all. Jonah King had been a very normal person when he started life as Jamie Kingston. In fact, there had been nothing at all odd about Jamie when he was born to parents who worked hard and loved each but still had problems making ends meet at the end of the day. Still everything had been quiet and normal until he met Madge. Madge Kennedy who had no business looking at a boy like him as though he was the sun and stars. But she did it anyway. And when she smiled…Jamie would have done anything for her smile. Anything at all. Madge didn't seem to want that though. She just wanted him. That was the best part of it all. Madge was a well-bred city girl and she wanted grubby street rat like him. Jamie swore he would do anything to make it right. Those days had been so magical. So perfect. They were young and in love and nothing could touch them. It was like they were in a little bubble that kept them safe. How wrong they were. Of course her father didn't approve of Madge's choice but that shouldn't have mattered. Oh, but it did. It really did. To the point where the two men got into a fist fight. Jamie hadn't meant to hit the man so hard. But he had just been so very angry. Temper had always been his problem his mother said. Dr. Kennedy had spent two weeks in the hospital. Jamie was sentenced to two years in prison. But bless Madge, she had stood by him. She came to visit him every day while he was locked up. Every time she promised she would wait for him. Even when her family cut her off for associating with a felon, Madge swore her love for him. She insisted she only needed Jamie to be happy. He had felt so blessed to have her and her love in his life. But tragedy struck upon tragedy. Madge had been forced to take the bus after her parents cut her off and it ran though some very rough parts. She had been raped and killed one day on her way back home from visiting Jamie. His mother had brought him the news two days later. Jamie couldn't remember much after that except the vague beginnings of a riot. They had transferred him to the psych ward and had him hopped up on so many drugs he didn't know which way was up most days. It had been the closest to peaceful that he had felt in a long time. It cleared his head so he could finally understand his purpose. It had come to him while he was being pumped full of drugs to keep him compliant. The loss of his freedom and the loss of Madge had been tests. Jamie had passed just by being able to survive them. He was blessed by all this tragedy. He was going to lead the world to a better future. It was his destiny. Jamie just had to accept that. Jamie worked hard after that. Hard to get better, hard to change who he was. The Messiah didn't sound like a country hick. It was undignified. So he taught himself to speak like Madge had. His accent would never go away but he could sound better at least. Madge had always had better diction than him. So he did his best to copy her. He did still drop his 'g's on occasion but by the time he was out of prison, he sounded much better. That was only the start though. Jamie needed to completely reinvent himself to really get this revolution started. He renamed himself as Jonah King and bought every book on Satanic magic he could find. Jonah might have started as a country hick but he didn't quit something once he started it. Jonah was going to change the world. And if he had to commit a few murders to do it, so be it. This was revolution. Causalities were expected. And unavoidable. No one left Jonah. Not anymore. Madge had been ripped from him just like his freedom and he swore he would never lose anyone like that again. The baby had been a bonus. Another one of his visions told him he needed to sacrifice a child and the Milton girl had been about to give birth when she was found. Everything was going to fall into place. Jonah was going to lead them all to freedom. Just as soon as he took care of Milton. ","Summary":" He hadn't started out this way. He hadn't meant to be the leader of a twisted cult that killed chil"},{"Movie":"Drive Angry","Title":"Little Bit of Devil in Her Angel Eyes","Author":"Steph-Schell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9477417","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Hello, Jonah.\" Jonah swallowed. \"My god, you look just like her.\" He reached for her but then her eyes became black as the night. The demon smiled. \"God doesn't' have much to do with this, King. Thought you knew that.\" \"I do.\" She tilted her head. \"So why did you summon me? You work for the Accountant. You don't need a line to Hell.\" \"It's not Hell I want to talk to.\" It took a moment but the recognition dawned in the pitch black eyes and she smiled once more. \"Missed this body, did you?\" \"No, not the body.\" Jonah ran a hand through his hair. \"It's my Piper I miss. The soul inside the body.\" \"Afraid the soul isn't in here anymore.\" Jonah nodded sadly. \"Is…is there anything left of her in there? Anything at all?\" \"Bits and pieces,\" the demon admitted. \"A few memories here and there but nothing you'd recognize.\" \"You'd be surprised what I could recognize.\" \"Not really. I'm a guard in Hell, remember? I've seen enough humans to know what you're thinking.\" \"Maybe you do,\" Jonah agreed. \"Is there enough of my Piper left to talk to her?\" The demon gave him a look that was almost like pity. She knew whatever talk they were going to have wouldn't be real. She was pretty sure Jonah knew it too. But why not? Word would get around to the Accountant and maybe it would be good for her career. She let her eyes change back. \"Jonah?\" Piper called quietly. \"My Piper,\" he breathed, tears welling up. In an instant she was in his arms. \"Oh, god, you feel just like I remember.\" Jonah held her tight. \"My sweet Piper,\" he repeated. \"God, Spitfire…\" Piper pulled back. Jonah could see the tears in her eyes but she was still smiling. She leaned up to kiss him. \"How long's it been?\" she asked. \"Six months, give or take.\" \"How you…how you been holding up?\" Jonah looked down. \"Not well,\" he admitted. \"I miss you. A lot. The nights are hell, you know.\" \"Bed too big?\" she teased. \"Something like that,\" he agreed. \"What about our Annabelle? How's my little Annie holding up?\" Jonah bit his lip. \"She's…she's a survivor, like her mother. She doesn't understand why you can't just come back like Archie does but she's holding up.\" \"I am so sorry,\" Piper whispered. Jonah pulled out of her arms. \"Why did you do it?\" he hissed. \"Why the hell would you throw your life away like that when you had everything to live for?!\" \"I did it for you,\" she insisted. \"Jonah, those men were comin' and there wasn't a damn thing either of us could do about it.\" She reached for him again. \"It's not your fault, Jonah.\" \"It feels like it is.\" \"But it's not.\" Jonah's smile was sad and resigned. \"I want to think it would mean more if you were really Piper. But I doubt it would.\" The black eyes were back. \"I tried,\" she shrugged. \"But like I told you, she ain't here no more.\" Jonah swallowed heavily. \"Can I…just once more…\" A blink and he was looking at Piper again. Another blink and she was in his arms, cupping his face. \"I love you, Jonah,\" she whispered. \"I love you too,\" he murmured before kissing her. It felt like he was kissing his wife once more. Until she pulled away and a demon stood in her place. \"Sorry, honey,\" she smiled. \"But duty calls. I can feel someone burying a box at a crossroads.\" Jonah nodded as he watched her leave. He should have known this would only make him hurt worse. But he couldn't help the wish to see her one last time. With a heavy sigh he turned and began the trek back to the campground. He tried to be quiet as he slipped inside the camper but he still heard his daughter waking up. \"Daddy?\" she called. \"Hey, Annie,\" he smiled. \"What you doin' up so late, little girl?\" The twelve year old shifted in her bed. \"Heard you come in,\" she whispered. \"You okay?\" Jonah paused to tuck her in once more. \"Just fine, honey. But you need to go back to sleep. It's late.\" \"Why were you outside?\" \"Just couldn't sleep is all.\" Jonah smoothed her hair down like Piper used to. \"Probably from all the driving we did today. Always hard to sleep when you're stuck in the same position all day. Had to go out and stretch my legs, you know.\" \"You sure you're alright?\" \"I'm just fine, sweetheart. I promise. Now you get some sleep and I'll see you in the morning.\" Annabelle let out a yawn. \"Alright daddy. I love you.\" \"I love you too.\" Jonah kissed her forehead and pulled the covers up to her chin. \"You sleep well now.\" \"Mmhm.\" Jonah smiled at her one last time before going back to his bed in the back of the camper. He hadn't been lying when he said it was too big these days. Maybe he and Annabelle should downgrade to a smaller camper. But that was a problem for another day. Tonight he needed sleep so he could drive into Tulsa tomorrow and complete another job. Food didn't buy itself. A/N: This story was inspired by a picture on Tumblr of Amber Heard with demon eyes ","Summary":" \"Hello, Jonah.\" Jonah swallowed. \"My god, you look just like her.\" He reached for her but then "},{"Movie":"Drive Angry","Title":"Ain't No Rest For the Wicked","Author":"Steph-Schell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9165936","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Milton and Piper found Jonah's camper parked by the side of the road just inside a trailer park. He wasn't even trying to hide. He just sat there, full view of god and everyone, sunning himself on a lounge chair. Piper couldn't help but notice how well muscled he was, certainly no worse for the wear considering he'd been in a shootout with guns blazing a few days ago. King shifted his glasses to look at them, stretched and settled back on his chair. \"You'd think a wanted man would be more subtle,\" Piper murmured. \"Doesn't matter to me,\" Milton replied. \"I'm going to take care of him. They got out, guns at the ready, and approached. \"You're late,\" Jonah drawled. \"I was wondering if you got lost.\" \"Where's the baby?\" Milton demanded. \"Over there.\" Jonah jerked his head to the side. They could see the little girl in a playpen looking quite content. \"Why is she still alive?\" Piper frowned. \"Would you prefer I kill her?\" Neither one of them had a response. And before they could think of one, Jonah sat back up. \"Well done, Mr. King.\" \"I do my best,\" Jonah replied. He stretched and got to his feet. \"What's the take?\" The Accountant pulled out a red, leather bound ledger as he approached them. \"Forty five souls. That's a record.\" Jonah rolled his eyes. \"I'm so proud,\" he drawled. \"Where's my money?\" The Accountant handed him a small bag. \"Not much considering the amount of souls you collected.\" \"Didn't expect it to be,\" Jonah sighed. He began going through the small collection of valuables. \"What the hell is going on?\" Piper demanded. The Accountant smiled at them. \"It's very simple, Miss Piper. Mr. King works for me.\" \"Works for you?\" Milton repeated. \"Technically I work for Hell,\" Jonah corrected. \"But yes, I'm a Book Keeper.\" \"What's a Book Keeper?\" Piper wondered. \"Simple terms? Bounty hunter for Hell.\" \"Speaking of…\" The Accountant held out the ledger and an old fashioned pen to Jonah. Jonah took the pen and signed a flourishing signature on the bottom of the page. \"In order?' The Accountant looked everything over. \"We're clear,\" he nodded. \"I'm still confused,\" Piper insisted. Jonah was about to answer when the baby started crying. \"One second.\" He ducked into the camper and pulled out a large box. Jonah dug through it for a moment before removing a brightly colored toy. He dropped it in the playpen next to her. \"Better?\" The little girl cooed. \"Good.\" \"Explanation?\" Piper prompted. \"People make deals with the devil and I collect their souls. Or if they're particularly evil. Depending on the list.\" Jonah shrugged. \"Simple as that.\" \"So you've already sold your soul,\" Milton said. \"Not hardly. My soul remains exactly where it belongs.\" \"Then how'd you get the job?\" \"I was sixteen and desperate.\" \"Desperate how?\" Piper wondered. \"I needed work,\" Jonah shrugged. \"And my sister needed help. Everybody wins.\" Piper cocked her head. \"So you work for Hell.\" \"I do. I'm freed from my contract when I reach either fifty years or 50,000 souls.\" He glanced at The Accountant. \"Though that's going to be hard with my face all over the news.\" \"We can take care of that,\" he said. The Accountant reached into his suit pocket and pulled out a scroll. \"Just add ten years to your contract.\" \"Five,\" Jonah countered. \"You'll have to do better than that,\" The Accountant told him. \"Fine, five years and 1,000 more souls.\" \"Done,\" he agreed. He snapped the scroll open. \"Sign at the bottom.\" Jonah scrawled his name at the bottom then pricked his thumb on the sharp corner. A drop of blood sizzled on the paper. \"Sealed,\" The Accountant declared. \"Lovely,\" Jonah drawled. \"Why did you kill my daughter?\" Milton demanded. \"You said you only collect evil souls.\" \"I collect the souls that are on the list,\" Jonah replied. \"Your daughter was on there. The manner of her death was theatrical by necessity. But her soul had to be collected.\" Milton leveled his gun at Jonah. \"If you're still human, you can still die.\" \"I can,\" Jonah agreed. \"But your precious little God Killer is still tucked away in your trunk. And that means all that gun will do is kill me.\" Jonah smirked. \"Do you know what happens to a Book Keeper that dies before completing their contract?' \"What makes you think I care?\" \"Because when we die, we become demons. As you know, demons are the wardens of Hell. So if you kill me then I become another guard in your prison.\" Jonah quickly pinned Milton against the camper. \"You got past those other demons boy but you won't get past me,\" he hissed. \"And I will so enjoy paying you back for all the trouble you caused me on this trip.\" Jonah backed off and spread his arms wide. \"But you if you really want to play that game, fine with me. Shoot me. Please.\" Milton looked at The Accountant. \"Oh, his words are quite true,\" The Accountant nodded. \"Why do you think the stakes are so high?' Milton growled as he turned back to Jonah. \"Damn you,\" he hissed, dropping the gun. \"You know I won't.\" \"Of course not,\" Jonah agreed. \"You haven't the spine. Never did.\" He glanced at The Accountant. \"You want to take care of this or what?\" A snap of the Accountant's fingers and Milton was in chains. \"The God Killer,\" The Accountant prompted. \"You can pick it up after you drop him off,\" Jonah gestured. \"Wouldn't want him getting free again.\" He looked at the car. \"I'll have it in the camper.\" \"I could get the God Killer,\" Piper warned, leveling her gun at him. Jonah glanced at her. \"You could. But I'm reasonably sure I'm faster than you. Not to mention both heavier and stronger. So why don't you drop the gun before I'm forced to do something we'll both regret?\" He looked her up and down. \"After all, it'd be such a shame to damage that lovely skin.\" Piper really didn't want to give in. But he would be able to overpower her. Not without a fight certainly, but it would happen. She dropped the gun and let Jonah move past her. Piper's eyes were drawn to the tribal tattoos on his back as he pulled the God Killer from the car which unnerved her. \"What about the baby girl?\" she demanded to distract herself. \"What about her?\" Jonah shrugged as he loaded the case into his camper. \"Well, if you're not going to sacrifice her, then what are you going to do? Raise her yourself?\" Jonah snorted. \"I've got enough trouble feeding myself on a good day. I can't be bothered looking after a baby.\" \"So you'll dump her,\" Milton sneered. Jonah quirked an eyebrow. \"You really do think I'm a heartless bastard, don't you?\" He shook his head. \"I've got people coming for her. Excuse me.\" He ducked into the camper for a few moments before returning pulling on a black button up short sleeved shirt over a white tank top. A car horn honked as someone new pulled up. \"Jonah!\" a woman called. \"Speak of the devil,\" Jonah smiled. \"I was wondering when you'd show up.\" A heavy set woman came up to kiss his cheek. \"Jonah, it's so wonderful to see you. You're too skinny though. Don't you eat at all?\" \"I don't have the time and I don't have the money,\" Jonah informed her. \"But enough about that. How have you been, Madge?\" \"Keeping well enough,\" she shrugged. Jonah turned to the man. \"And you Tom? How's the garage working out?\" \"I make enough to live,\" Tom replied, pulling out a pack of cigarettes. \"Mind if I bum one?\" Jonah asked. Tom passed him one and lit it. \"Any business to conduct before we get to the real work?\" \"We got a few souls over the weekend,\" Madge said proudly. \"Make that fifteen,\" Tom corrected. \"Let's see that ledger,\" Madge said. Tom looked at Jonah as his wife took care of business with the Accountant. \"Fifteen souls, Jonah. What do you think of that?\" Jonah tapped his ashes. \"I think you're playing minor league ball in a major league world, my friend.\" \"How's that?\" \"Forty five souls. One job.\" Madge snorted. \"Someone here is making it to retirement. And it ain't us.\" \"Woman, you deal with the accounts,\" Tom snapped. He turned back to Jonah. \"Speaking of the majors, did you see the Braves last weekend?\" \"Do not talk to me about that,\" Jonah, sighed. \"Their damn first baseman is shit. They need to fire his ass or they will lose the playoffs.\" \"Damn straight.\" \"If you boys are quite done, I didn't come here to compare numbers,\" Madge reminded them. \"No you didn't,\" Jonah agreed. He beckoned them over to the playpen. \"I'd like the two of you to meet your new daughter.\" \"Oh, Jonah,\" Madge breathed. She lifted the baby into her arms. \"She's beautiful.\" \"She is, isn't she?\" Jonah agreed. \"Before we go any further, let's take care of the paper work.\" He pulled out a sheaf of papers and unfolded them. \"Got a pen?\" \"Right here,\" Tom nodded. Jonah placed the papers against the camper. \"Sign here, and here, and initial here. And one last signature here.\" Jonah flipped through the papers. \"And you are now the proud parents of a bouncing baby girl. Mazel Tov. Make sure you file these at your local courthouse.\" \"They notarized and everything?\" Madge asked. \"All settled,\" Jonah nodded. \"I know people.\" \"So we just file them and she's ours?\" \"That's it.\" Jonah motioned them over to the camper where a large cardboard box sat. \"She's got clothes, toys, formula, even diapers. But those will only last you the next two weeks. You'll need to pick up more after that.\" \"Only two weeks' worth?\" Tom frowned. \"It was more diapers or more formula,\" Jonah snapped. \"Which would you have preferred?\" \"Tom, don't be rude, we've got a little girl now,\" Madge reminded him. \"What's her name, by the way?\" Jonah raised an eyebrow. \"I had to name her too?\" \"Alice,\" Tom declared. \"We'll call her Alice.\" \"Lovely name,\" Jonah agreed. \"May you have many happy years as a family.\" \"You can't take her!\" Milton yelled. \"Who the hell decided you have a say?\" Madge frowned. Jonah rolled his eyes. \"That's her grandfather. Came all the way from hell just to 'save' her. Ignore him; he's going back soon anyway.\" Madge looked Milton over. \"Saving her from what?\" \"He was going to sacrifice her to his cult!\" Piper yelled pointing at Jonah. \"You sacrifice children now?\" Tom asked. Jonah shrugged. \"Man's gotta make a living.\" \"Doesn't matter now,\" Madge stated. \"She's all ours. I'm gonna put her in the car.\" Alice whimpered and reached for Jonah as Madge turned away. He looked at the little girl with a softness in his eyes. \"Not this time, princess,\" he told her. \"You've got a new family now.\" He kissed her forehead and let Madge take her back to her car. \"You take care and come by to see her sometime,\" Tom said. \"Madge'll cook for you.\" \"I will,\" Jonah nodded. He turned to the Accountant. \"Need a new list.\" \"Back to work so soon, Mr. King?\" The Accountant asked. \"I haven't eaten in three days. Where's the biggest payout?\" The Accountant pulled out his ledger once more. \"Lots of souls doesn't' mean lots of money,\" he reminded Jonah. \"No but it does increase my chance. Now where can I find them?\" \"I hope you starve!\" Milton yelled as The Accountant handed over a scroll. \"Texas,\" Jonah murmured. \"Always liked Texas.\" He stuck the scroll in his back pocket and smiled at Milton. \"I do hope you enjoy your time back in hell.\" Jonah leaned in close. \"Do say hi to your daughter for me.\" He jumped back with a laugh as Milton lunged at him. \"Temper, temper,\" The Accountant warned. \"Mr. King, I'll be back for the God Killer upon completion of your next job. Make sure it stays safe.\" \"Like you did?\" Jonah taunted. He dropped his cigarette and crushed it out. \"Don't worry, it'll be taken care of.\" \"Then I'll be seeing you.\" With a nod of his head, The Accountant conjured up a car which he threw Milton in the back of. Then the two of them sped off. Jonah turned to the only person left in the clearing. \"Seems this is where we part ways, Miss Piper,\" he smiled. \"There is just one more thing I'd like to do.\" \"What's that?\" she asked warily. \"This.\" Jonah grabbed her before she could blink and the next thing Piper knew he was kissing her. The kind of kiss that you saw in old movies where the hero dipped the princess down and didn't let her up until they needed air. And Jonah was a damn good kisser. Piper was speechless for a moment when Jonah finally let her back up. But that didn't last long. \"Bastard,\" she spat, slapping him. Jonah just grinned. \"Still worth it,\" he decided. He ambled his way back to his camper. \"Let me know if you ever decide to become a Book Keeper, Piper,\" he called over his shoulder. \"I'd be more than happy to show you the ropes.\" Piper watched him drive off with burning cheeks and laughter in her ears. ","Summary":" Milton and Piper found Jonah's camper parked by the side of the road just inside a trailer park. He"},{"Movie":"Drive Angry","Title":"From the Streets to the Penthouse","Author":"Steph-Schell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8998984","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The streets below 26th were not ones Jonah often traveled down. They were seedier, less suited to a man of his tastes. But he still strolled down them on occasion. They held interesting characters that Jonah couldn't find back home. No one batted much of an eye at his strange clothes or cane. He was just another in a long line of pimps that strolled these streets at night. The only difference was he wasn't out collecting money or wares. No, just out on a stroll to see how the other half lived as it were. Jonah paused as he heard loud voices from around the corner. Curious, he made his way towards the argument. A woman, clearly a prostitute, was arguing with a \"John\". She could have probably handled it but Jonah was raised to help a woman in need. \"There a problem here?\" he called. \"Screw you!\" the \"John\" yelled. \"Bitch stole my money!\" \"I'm sure the lady would gladly pay you if you let her go,\" Jonah said. \"But in any case, I'll take care of it. How much does she owe you?\" \"The fuck is it to you?\" \"Just name your price.\" The \"John\" did and Jonah paid it. \"Off with you,\" he ordered. The woman adjusted the ratty leather jacket she wore. \"I had a handle on that,\" she snapped. \"No doubt,\" Jonah agreed, leaning on his cane. \"But I was always taught to help a woman in trouble.\" \"If you're looking for a date, you're lookin' in the wrong place,\" she spat. Jonah smirked. \"IF I'm in need of female company, I assure you, I have other avenues to look through.\" The woman paused to look at his clothes. Velvet coat, white embroidered shirt, black pants, large silver rings and all topped with his eerie looking cane. \"Damn it. You're one of those uptown pimps, aren't you?\" Jonah bowed. \"Jonah King, at your service. And what might you go by?\" \"Spitfire,\" she told him. \"Around here, they call me Spitfire.\" It was hard but Jonah held in his snicker. \"I'm quite sure they do,\" he agreed. \"Don't suppose you're going to give me anything more than that.\" She smiled in a sickly sweet sort of way. \"More costs money.\" \"Money I have.\" \"Like you're really called Jonah King,\" she retorted. \"My mother would be most wounded by your claims,\" he smiled. \"Poor woman was always so proud of the name. Said it stood out amongst the crowd.\" \"Oh it does,\" Spitfire agreed. Jonah looked her over. \"You are interesting company, Miss Spitfire. Might I ask if you're done for the night? Or at least willing to get food with a gentleman?\" \"Don't think there's any place around here that caters to your taste,\" she countered. He cocked an eye brow. \"And what, Miss Spitfire, would you know about my tastes?\" \"You're from uptown. You eat expensive. Everyone knows that.\" Spitfire rolled her eyes. \"I'm street trash but I'm not stupid.\" \"I would never accuse you of either of those traits,\" Jonah assured her. \"And a meal of any sort is vastly improved by the company. I sense your company would be most enjoyable indeed.\" Spitfire snorted. \"Is this where I start quoting you prices?\" Jonah picked up his cane and slowly circled around her. Spitfire was more than used to men looking her over. She was relaxed but ready. \"I have a girl just a little older than you. They call her Sassy Melinda. I think your mouth could give her quite the run for her money.\" \"That what your customers pay for?\" \"Sometimes. Depends on the man. Or woman. I try not to discriminate. Bad for business, you understand.\" \"Money first?\" \"I worry about my girls first. But the money is an admittedly close second. I am a business man after all.\" \"You might be the closest thing I've ever seen to an honest pimp.\" \"I try to have good values.\" \"You sell sex.\" \"Look around you. Whole world does the same thing.\" Jonah spread his arms wide. \"How am I different from a beer commercial?\" \"They don't promise satisfaction. And they aren't so annoying either.\" \"I'm wounded,\" Jonah replied with a look that suggested he was more amused than anything. His phone chose that moment to go off. Jonah pulled it out and studied the text message. \"Duty calls,\" he stated. \"I thank you for a pleasant diversion, Miss Spitfire. But I must be going now. Good evening.\" He gave her another bow. Spitfire glared at him until he turned the corner once more. She was still stewing when Candy came clicking up to her. \"Piper,\" she called. \"Hey Piper, what are you staring at?\" \"Damn it, Candy,\" Piper snapped as she whirled around. \"I told you not to call me that when we're working. It's Spitfire, remember?\" \"Sorry. I just keep forgetting. Now what's got you so hot under the collar?\" \"This uptown pimp was wandering around here,\" Piper replied. \"He was just being annoying.\" \"Really? Was he looking to take you for a few weeks?\" Piper snorted. \"Those uptown clients never want streetwalkers like us, Candy. Those are just stories people swap in hopes of getting out. King just wanted to waste my time is all.\" \"King?\" Candy repeated. \"Jonah King?\" \"That's the one,\" Piper nodded. \"You know him?\" \"Everyone knows him. He used to be in the news all the time. Everyone knows he's a pimp but the cops can't get anything to stick. None of his clients want to admit to using his services and he treats his girls too well for them to flip on him.\" \"Doesn't matter,\" Piper insisted. \"King didn't want anything from me except a diversion.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Very sure. He's like every other man out there. Just wants to screw and move on. Nothing more than that.\" Piper ran a hand through her hair. Candy took her hand. \"Then come on. Frank wants us to make him money and we won't make it hiding back here.\"[Chapter 2] Piper tried to reign in her temper. Hitting Frank would be satisfying now but she'd pay for it later. \"I'll get it done,\" she growled. Frank grunted as she spun on her heel and marched off. She was so pissed at Frank; she forgot to look where she was going. The uneven pavement caught her off guard and she went sprawling. Piper twisted so her temple hit first. As she blinked away stars, a figure took shape before her. \"That was quite a nasty fall,\" a southern voice drawled. Piper realized Jonah King was knelling over her. \"Oh fuck,\" she muttered. He smirked at her. \"You kiss your mother with that mouth?\" \"I would if she still talked to me. It's King, right?\" \"It is indeed, Miss Spitfire. Though you may call me Jonah if you wish.\" He got to his feet and held out his cane. \"Assistance?\" Piper grabbed the cane and heaved herself to her feet. Then she realized what she was holding on to. \"Holy shit! Is that bone?\" \"Femur, actually,\" Jonah nodded, taking his cane back. \"Is it human?\" \"Would you believe its from the last girl that crossed me?\" Piper's eyes widened. \"Tell me you're joking.\" Jonah chuckled as he leaned against the cane. \"In fact, it was a gift from a client. I've no idea who it belonged to. If anyone actually.\" He frowned as he looked at her temple and gently used the cane to turn her chin. \"That's quite the nasty bump there, Miss Spitfire. You alright?\" Piper gently pushed the cane away, not wanting to touch it too much. \"I'm fine. It's no worse than other bruises I've gotten.\" Jonah hooked the knob of his cane under her shirt and raised it to show several bruises in various stages of healing. \"I can see that,\" he agreed. \"Those from a client?\" \"And if they are?\" Piper snapped, shoving her shirt down. \"Keep yer hands off my clothes unless you plan to start paying for services.\" Jonah smiled lazily. \"My hands were nowhere near your clothes,\" he reminded her. \"And I hope whoever you work for took those bruises out of the customer's hide.\" Piper frowned. \"Why would he do that?\" \"Protect what's his of course. Broken girl can't get work. She can't get work she won't make money. Only makes sense to protect your girls. It protects your bottom line. So he had better take it out of that customer's hide. Unless, of course, he did it himself.\" \"And then it's excusable, right now?\" \"And then, he should be thrown in jail for damaging such lovely skin. Fine piece of artwork such as yourself can make great money but only if she isn't hurt.\" Jonah shook his head. \"Never could understand those in my profession who would hurt their workers. Decreases the profit.\" \"So you are all about the money.\" \"I'm about my girls first. But have you ever met a man in my position that wasn't about money?\" Piper studied him. \"Would you ever hit your girls?\" \"My mother taught me never to raise a hand against a woman. It's inconsiderate.\" \"Then how do you keep your girls in line?\" \"I find ways that don't include lowering my profit margin. I am a business man after all.\" \"You're lying through your teeth,\" Piper accused. \"I would never lie to a lady.\" \"But I'm a street walker.\" \"Still a lady in my mind. My mother taught me to treat every woman as a lady.\" \"You sell *sex*.\" \"I also keep my girls well fed, well clothed and they get to pick their clients. I'm as fair a man as you'll find in this profession.\" Piper rolled her eyes. \"Look as lofty as you might find yourself, you're taking up my time. And in your language, time is money.\" \"Fair enough,\" Jonah nodded. \"And how much do you charge an hour, Miss Spitfire?\" \"I'm a streetwalker. No one uses me for an hour. They just want to get off.\" \"Then your steepest price.\" \"One hundred dollars for the full package.\" Jonah reached into his pockets and handed her two bills. \"For your time,\" he bowed. Piper snatched the money from him and studied it. \"This is two hundred dollars.\" \"I'm well aware of that.\" \"But we've only been talking for half an hour.\" \"I'm also well aware of that.\" Piper considered his words. If the man was foolish enough to part with his money like that, she wasn't going to correct him. \"You shouldn't walk around a big city with money like this. Someone's bound to rob you.\" Jonah shrugged her words off. \"There's plenty where that came from.\" Piper tucked the money into her bra. \"See you, King,\" she winked as she sauntered off. \"Soon I hope, Miss Spitfire,\" Jonah murmured as he leaned on his cane. \"Oh my god, you're Jonah King.\" Jonah turned to see another blonde woman coming towards hi. He gave her a much smarmier smile than the ones he'd been directing at Piper. \"Indeed I am. May I help you, Miss…\" \"They call me Candy.\" Jonah bowed. \"Miss Candy then. Is there something I can do for you?\" \"Oh I just wanted to meet you. Piper's been talking about you but I didn't realize you actually came down here.\" \"Piper?\" Jonah repeated. \"Sure. She said you were down here before. Just a few nights ago.\" Jonah raised an eyebrow. \"Does this Piper go by any other names?\" \"Her street name is Spitfire.\" Jonah's eyes glittered. In his world, information was power. And this woman could have powerful information indeed. \"Miss Candy, may I buy you a meal in exchange for some conversation?\" Candy readily took up his offer as Jonah knew she would. Jonah plied her with the best food one could find on these streets while finding out all he could about Spitfire. And what he found was a gold mine. Piper was good with cars, bad with money and had a tendency to pick the wrong guys. That was how she fell in with Frank. She had already been down on her luck but believed Frank was in love with her. Piper fell out of that dream around the time the beatings started. But she never made enough to really get out. \"And where would I find this Frank?\" Jonah wondered. \"This time of night? There's only one place he'd be. Fat Lou's, a greasy diner on 2nd street.\" Jonah gave her a shark's smile. \"Thank you very kindly for your time, Miss Candy. It's been a most enlightening evening.\" He paid the bill with a generous tip. \"And do take this for yourself.\" Jonah handed her a hundred dollars. \"Now if you'll excuse me.\" If it had been a normal night, Fat Lou's was not a place Jonah would come within a hundred feet of. But right now he was on a mission. \"I'm looking for a man named Frank,\" he told the waitress as he eased into a booth. \"I was told he's often here at this hour.\" \"He's over in his favorite booth.\" Jonah stretched out like he owned the place. \"Bring me coffee, please. Then bring me Frank.\" The waitress left and soon returned with his black coffee. \"Frank doesn't move from his booth,\" she informed him. \"Tell him it's about one of his girls.\" The waitress disappeared again. She soon came back with a brutish sort of a man. In well enough shape to control a handful of women but not enough for a real fight. \"What the hell do you want?\" Frank demanded. \"Please,\" Jonah gestured, \"have a seat.\" Frank scowled as he sat down. \"The name's Jonah King. I want to make a deal with you sir.\" \"What sort of deal?\" \"A deal involving one of your girls. She goes by the moniker of Spitfire.\" Frank rolled his eyes. \"What did the bitch do this time?\" Jonah's nerves grated at the word 'bitch' but he let it slide. \"What she's done is caught my interest,\" he replied. \"I'd liked to buy her off of you.\" \"What's a high class pimp like you want with a slut like Piper?\" \"What I want with her is my business, not yours. Now, I'm prepared to offer you a very generous sum for you to hand her over to me. What do you say friend?\" \"How do I know you're good for it?\" Jonah pulled out a roll of cash. \"Consider this a down payment.\" Frank grabbed the money. From what he could tell, it was all hundreds. \"How about I just take my information about you to the police? Then I keep the money and Piper.\" \"You could do that,\" Jonah agreed. \"But I wouldn't suggest it.\" \"Why's that?\" \"Because I have not stayed in business this long without making very powerful friends. Including the D.A.\" Jonah smiled. \"His wife makes wonderful blueberry pie. Now I suggest you take your money and leave it at that.\" Frank didn't look happy about being outmaneuvered but he didn't have much choice. \"Where do you want her delivered?\" \"She is not a package, sir. I'll send a car for her at the end of the night.\" Jonah grew deadly serious. \"If she is altered in any way from what I saw this evening, I will take the same amount of damage out of your hide. Are we clear?\" \"Crystal.\" The shark smile returned. \"Good. Have a pleasant evening, sir.\" Jonah left whistling. The night wore on, eventually coming to the point where all the girls had to gather and offer up their earnings to Frank. \"Piper!\" he called. Piper scowled at him. \"What now? I gave you everything I made already.\" \"It's not about your money. You're leaving. Tonight.\" Everyone looked shocked. \"Leaving?\" Candy repeated. \"You're dumping her?\" \"New pimp came into town. Bought your sorry ass off me. There's a car coming for you tonight.\" Piper didn't know whether to be relieved or outraged. To be away from Frank was wonderful but who the hell knew who he sold her to. \"You can't do this to me,\" she snapped. \"Just did,\" Frank replied. \"Paid me over twice what you're worth too. Don't give him a reason to send you back here. If I never see your useless ass again, it'll be too soon.\" Piper didn't' have a chance to reply because a Bentley Continental pulled up. The driver stepped out. \"I'm looking for a woman called Spitfire.\" \"That's me,\" Piper said, raising her hand. The driver scurried around to open the door for her. \"If you please, Miss. My employer has a place set up for you to sleep tonight. He'll meet with you tomorrow.\" \"Piper, it's so fancy,\" Candy whispered. \"Like Cinderella at the ball.\" \"Miss, I don't want to rush you but my employer is a busy man and I have to let him know I picked you up.\" \"I'm…I'm coming,\" Piper nodded. She squeezed Candy's hand once more before getting in the car. The driver shut the door behind her and went back to his place. Piper was silent as they drove through the city. The streets became cleaner, the people classier, the buildings more refined. It was like entering a new world. Finally they stopped at what Piper assumed was an apartment building. \"Why are we here?\" she asked. \"This is where you'll spend the night,\" the driver explained. \"If you'll follow me.\" Piper was led up to an apartment that probably cost more than she could ever hope to make. \"Are you sure this is the right place?\" she whispered. \"This is right,\" he nodded. \"Get some rest. Someone will be by for you tomorrow.\"[Chapter 3] Piper was woken the next day by the smell of food. She crept into the main area of the apartment to find two girls chatting as they ate. Piper blanched. She knew the driver had sent them to the wrong place. Piper considered trying to carefully make her way out when one of the girls spotted her. \"You're the new girl,\" she chirped. \"I'm Zoe but the clients call me Akasha.\" \"Nice to meet you,\" Piper nodded cautiously. \"They call me Spitfire.\" \"Spitfire?\" the other girl repeated. \"That's an interesting name.\" Piper cocked an eyebrow. \"What do they call you?\" she challenged. The girl dropped her jacket to reveal a dragon tattoo. \"Dragomir.\" Akasha smiled at Piper. \"We're supposed to take you to see the boss. Hurry and get ready. He's anxious to meet you.\" \"These are all the clothes I have,\" Piper replied, gesturing to her wardrobe. \"They just sort of picked me up last night.\" \"Of course they did,\" Dragomir nodded. \"But there should be plenty of clothes in the closet. Unless we've been robbed or something. Go pull on whatever you can find. Boss doesn't like to be kept waiting.\" Piper hurried back to the bedroom. Sure enough there were stacks of clothes in the drawers and closet. She pulled out a pair of jeans and a tank top. Piper was glad she had showered last night as she pulled the clothes on. \"Presentable enough,\" Akasha declared as Piper returned. They handed her some breakfast and hustled her out. They drove to what had to be one of the most expensive apartment buildings Piper had ever seen. Including the place she had slept in last night. Akasha and Dragomir rode with her all the way up to the penthouse. A very familiar voice echoed through the hall as they entered. \"I understand sir…I don't' want you to worry about this…Things are completely under control…Yes, I see…\" They entered a large office where Piper came face to face once more with Jonah King. He smiled and gestured for them to come in but continued his phone conversation. \"Of course…I'll see it done, don't worry.\" He smiled a private smile. \"Thank you, sir.\" As he hung up his phone, he motioned them forward. \"Miss Spitfire, he drawled. \"Welcome to my office.\" \"You work here?\" Piper marveled. \"Work and live,\" Jonah nodded. \"I trust you found your new apartment comfortable.\" \"What apartment?' \"The one you slept in of course.\" \"Holy shit, I get to keep that?\" \"If you like. If not I'm sure we can find something more suitable.\" Piper narrowed her eyes. \"What's your deal King.\" Jonah smiled. \"A woman who gets straight to the point. I like that.\" He leaned forward, all business now. \"My deal, Miss Spitfire, is that you now work for me. I bought you from your former employer, Frank.\" He reached into his desk and pulled out a sheaf of paper. \" This is your contract. In basic, it states that you are allowed your own clothes and place of residence provided for by me. In exchange you will provide my customers with whatever service they require. Within reason of course.\" \"And if I refuse to sign your contract?\" Jonah shrugged. \"That is your right. But you are already several hundred thousand dollars in debt to me, Miss Spitfire. Unless you currently have the money to pay back that debt, I suggest you sign the contract.\" \"This is slavery.\" \"Not hardly. You're welcome to read the contract and negotiate whatever points you wish. I'm not requiring consent until tonight. But you should be aware of the world you're entering.\" Jonah looked at her earnestly. \"The contract protects both of us Miss Spitfire.\" Piper looked at the papers. Frank had never offered her anything like this. And it wasn't like she had the money to get herself out of debt on her own. \"I can look it over before I sign it?' \"Of course. I'm a fair man.\" Piper snatched the contract off the desk. \"Then I'll let you know tonight,\" she agreed. \"Good. Your two escorts here will be teaching you the ins and outs of your new position. Listen to them well; they're two of my best employees.\" \"What the hell could I need to learn about selling sex?\" Piper retorted. It was Dragomir who answered. \"The job isn't just about selling sex. It's about how you walk, how you talk, how you eat even. Welcome to a brand new world, Spitfire.\" Piper frowned. \"I know how to walk, thanks. I've been doing it most of my life.\" Akasha slipped off her heels. \"Then walk in these,\" she ordered. Piper glanced at Jonah. \"You heard the lady,\" he nodded. Piper wasn't sure what this test had to do with anything but she took off her sneakers and put the heels on. \"And now?\" she prompted. Jonah slid from behind his desk and stood a few feet in front of her. \"Walk to me,\" he ordered. Piper squared her shoulders and attempted to do just that. But these heels were higher than the ones she often walked in. She put her foot wrong just once and nearly tumbled over. Strong arms caught her quickly. \"Thank you,\" she mumbled, as she looked up at Jonah holding her tight. \"Wouldn't want you hurt before you even started work,\" he replied. \"Go trade back with Akasha.\" \"Told you it's not just about sex,\" Akasha said smugly as she took her shoes back. Piper slipped back into her more comfortable shoes. She picked up the contract from where she had left it on the floor and looked at Jonah. \"Level with me, King,\" she said as he settled back behind the desk. \"What am I here? Why do you want me as one of your girls?\" \"Quite simple Miss Spitfire. You possess something my clients want. IN your case, your spirit will be quite the asset. Now, do we have a deal?' Piper considered it. Did she really have a choice? \"Fine,\" she sighed. \"I'll join your little harem. But only until my debt is paid. Then you let me go.\" \"Agreed. Any other questions or concerns?\" \"Not yet.\" Jonah smiled. \"Then shall we proceed?\" \"I'm all for it. What's next?\" \"Next, we get you new clothes. Then your training begins. You've got a lot to learn, Miss Spitfire.\" \"New clothes? I've got a whole wardrobe back at the apartment.\" \"Those need to be moved.\" \"Why?\" \"I maintain several residences for my girls in case they are in need of a safe place to stay for any reason. You're currently being house in one of those apartments. Now, you can certainly keep the place as a permanent residence but the clothes need to be moved to a new safe house.\" Piper ran a hand through her hair. \"Then let's get this show on the road.\" Jonah's shark smile returned. He came around the desk and grabbed his leather jacket. \"Ladies, let's go for a ride.\" The three women fell in step behind him as they headed out to the Bentley from last night. Piper thought she noticed some sort of design on it but it was too hard to see. Joanh held the door open for them like a gentleman. Piper eyed him but got in. Akasha and Dragomir arranged themselves on either side of Jonah. \"What about my stuff?\" Piper asked. \"I mean, I still have an apartment and it's pretty full.\" \"Your apartment will be packed and all your things sent to your new address. Though I doubt you'll need most of it anymore.\" \"Doesn't matter. I still want it.\" \"And you shall have it, of course.\" \"What about getting to my new clients? I mean, they aren't going to come to me, right?\" \"No they won't. Transportation will be arranged for you when you need it.\" Piper sill had a million questions but decided to settle back and read the contract Jonah had given her. From the corner of her eye she also watched her new \"tutors\" interact with their boss. Piper hoped she wouldn't' be required to lavish that sort of attention on him. Piper's eyes fell back to the contract. According to what had been outlined, customers on her approved list could call Jonah up at any time to request her services. She had the right to refuse but only if there was a legitimate excuse. What counted as 'legitimate' was up to Jonah. If it was agreed that she would work then the client would pay Jonah in advance for her services. Jonah would have a check mailed to her with a portion of her income. The rest was his to pay for her upkeep and settle the debt she owed him. All in all, it seemed fairly legitimate. Except for the part about a two week 'training period'. Piper still wasn't sure why she needed training on a trade she had been doing for years. \"I believe we've arrived,\" Jonah declared. Piper looked out at a very fancy and modern building. \"What's this?' \"Clothing store,\" Akasha provided. \"You're going to need a new wardrobe like we said.\" \"But I have clothes. Just have them delivered from my apartment.\" \"You'll need different kinds for this line of work,\" Jonah told her. He was the first out of the car. Akasha and Dragomir accepte4d his hand out but Piper scowled. She could exit a car herself, thank you. The four of them entered an upscale fashion store that didn't seem to have a single customer. An elderly Russian woman came spritely up to greet them. \"Jonah,\" she smiled. \"So good to see you again.\" \"Elizavetta,\" Jonah greeted warmly. \"I've got a new girl for you.\" He gestured behind him and the other two women shoved Piper forward. She swore if he touched her, he was losing a hand. Jonah sensed her reluctance and let her be. \"Meet Spitfire,\" he introduced. \"She's just started working for me.\" The woman looked Piper over with a critical eye. Piper stiffened her spine. \"She works for you?\" Elizavetta asked. \"She's too plain. Too common. Jonah, no.\" Piper opened her mouth but Jonah got in first. \"Trust me, Eliza, she's one of mine. And she'll be perfect at it. But I need you to dress her for me. Clothes make the woman, right?\" Jonah gave her a charming smile. \"You give her to me,\" Eliza nodded. \"I make her good for you. You trust me.\" Jonah bowed. \"Always Eliza.\" Eliza snapped her fingers and two blondes appeared out of nowhere. \"You take care of our Jonah,\" she ordered. \"I'll see to his new girl.\" Piper was roughly shoved behind a curtain while Jonah and his girls were escorted to a couch. The Russian blondes brought them strawberries and champagne. \"Comfortable?\" they asked. \"Perfectly,\" Jonah assured them. He, Akasha and Dragomir sat back to watch the show. While they were being made comfortable, Piper was being snapped at. Elizavetta forced her to strip and stand in her underwear while a measuring tape was whipped around her body. Then Piper had to take even her underwear off so Elizavetta could measure that as well. \"What the hell are you putting that?\" Piper demanded. \"Silence!\" Eliza snapped. \"Hold still so I can make you worthy of Jonah.\" \"Worthy?!\" Piper repeated. \"Spitfire, do try to be nice,\" Jonah called from the other side of the curtain. \"Eliza is only trying to help.\" \"Though you wanted me for my sass,\" Piper countered. \"I said the clients would. Neither I nor Eliza are clients.\" Piper growled. For the next twenty minutes she was paraded out in various outfits for Jonah's approval. \"Aren't you a picture,\" he grinned as she came out in a stunning red number. \"You're a freak,\" Piper snapped. \"Sticks and stones, Miss Spitfire,\" he smiled. Piper frowned as he got to his feet. \"Where are you going?' \"I'm afraid business calls me away once again. But I leave you in the best of hands.\" He gestured to the other two women. \"They'll take good care of you, I promise. After your experience here they'll return you to your new home where they will teach you the basics of what you will need to know for tonight. Before you're sent out, you'll come to my office for final details.\" \"I've already got clients?\" Piper asked quietly, feeling a little vulnerable. \"Not solo ones. I'll be pairing you with Regina. Another one of my best girls. And my most trustworthy. She'll take good care of you.\" Piper felt Eliza tugging on her arm. But she felt she owed Jonah something for being so nice. \"Piper,\" she said. \"Excuse me?' \"My real name. It's Piper.\" Jonah smiled. \"I know.\" Piper was whisked back behind the curtain before she could reply and Jonah turned to his other employees. \"Do take good care of her. She might just be one of our best yet.\" \"She's safe with us,\" Akasha promised. \"Good.\" Jonah pulled to a black credit card. \"Make sure you pay for everything before you leave. Tell Eliza I want it all ready by the end of the week.\" Dragomir glanced at the card. \"Can we pick out things for ourselves too?' Jonah looked at them warily. \"You do remember that I'm not made of money, right? Try a little self-control this time.\" \"Define self-control,\" Akasha countered. \"Half a million is above your limit.\" The girls looked between each other and the card. \"You're the best ever,\" Akasha declared as she snatched the card from him and kissed his cheek. \"Your money and your girl are in the best of hands,\" Dragomir added, giving him a kiss of her own. Jonah shook his head as they darted to the racks. \"Those girls would blow through my fortune if I didn't watch out, bless them.\" ","Summary":" The streets below 26th were not ones Jonah often traveled down. They were seedier, less suited to a"},{"Movie":"Chasing Amy","Title":"Comic love","Author":"Arkham Cat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12661433","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N, I own nothing! Holden walked slowly into the conversation room where the Comics were housed not truly knowing why he came. Or he did but hadn't realized it just yet. Holden knew very well how weird it was to watch his best friend sign their comics from behind a plier but he really didn't care. No one was bothering him so it was almost the perfect hiding spot. Watching Banky reminded him why he came in the first place and reminded him of his lame brain idea All emotions he pushed out already came folding back in like a title wave. He knew he felt something back for his friend but he also knew that he still loved Alyssa. Alyssa was beautiful, funny, and literally everything he wanted and needed but so was Banky in many ways. That final realization hit him like a rock. Maybe Banky was his one and he'd just missed it. He still loved Alyssa and knew he liked girls but there was absolutely no denying the fact that he had feelings for His best friend. \"Yeah you're welcome. Next!\" Banky's voice broke Holden out of his thoughts. 'He always seemed so bored during these. Alright Holden either set the plan in motion or forever regret it.' Just as Holden walked out from behind the pillar to set his plane in motion Banky decided to look up and make direct eye contact. After a few seconds of staring into one another's eyes that to them felt like forever Banky moved his fingers together in his 'shared moment' action. In response he nodded back. Yeah that definitely was something special. Something I'd like to share with him again If possible. As Banky's next fan came up Holden decided now was the time to get going. He waved to Banky and then set his trek to Alyssa's table but not without catching the slight disappointed look in his friend's eyes. Oh just wait Bank. Just wait and I'll make it up to you, I hope. As he walked up to Alyssa's table he felt a wave of happiness wash over him. Though this wasn't the same happiness he felt when he saw Banky. \"This isn't one of mine.\" Alyssa replied after Holden had dropped his newest comic on her table. \"I know it's one of mine.\" At this Alyssa looked up and smiled at Holden. They talked for a few minutes to catch up on each other but as all good things end Holden left remembering that there was a line. Before he could leave Alyssa fought his wrist in her hand and pulled him down to give him a kiss one final time. Holden was still at first but then kissed back simultaneously pulling her small frame into a hug. The gathers fans around them chuckled and whispers. \"Oh shut up!\" Alyssa voiced after pulling back. \"That was unexpected.\" Holden scratched the back of his neck as he looked down at Alyssa. \"Yeah well, I wanted to give you something to remember me by.\" \"Alyssa, I still love you...\" \"I know Holden. I know you do. But you don't feel it as strongly anymore. I know you don't.\" She reached up to stroke the side of his face. \"I know. Now go. I think someone might need you more than me right now.\" He nodded but didn't turn to leave just yet. \"Are you happy?\" Alyssa smiled back at him. \"Well, If you really wanna know yeah I'm happy. I found a girl who seems to get me ha know. I mean it's not what we had, But it's something special.\" \"Good. I'm glad you're happy... And hug I'm sorry for-\" Before Holden could finish Alyssa pulled him down for a second kiss. \"I know... I don't completely forgive you for it... But I know you meant well. Now go.\" She swatted at his arm as he pulled away. \"Bye Alyssa. I hope we'll talk again... And stay friends?\" \"Yeah I'd like that.\" With that being done Holden was already halfway done with his master plan. What was his plan you ask? His plan was to get Banky back either as his friend ... Or something more. ...Later in the day after the convention... Banky walked up to his apparent door carrying the box of random things from the Con. He was exhausted physically and mentally. The Mental part namely because of Holden... Banky had no clue what he wanted and he dared not hope that it was himself that Holden wanted. Why would he? He could get anyone he wanted.. Male or female. Banky collapsed on his couch to stare at the black screen of the tv. Soon Banky started to drift into the sleep would however he didn't make it to sleep due to a pounding on his front door. \"Who the H* is it at the hour?\" The only person who puts the persona of coming by at odd hours of the night was Hooter with boy troubles. Banky opened the door expecting to see a dejected Hooter but instead was greeted by Holden. Banky stared at the man in front of him blinking a few times trying to tell if it was real or a sick dream. \"Hey Bank... I know it's late... But ya think I could come in?\" Banky only nodded and stepped aside to let his friend in closing the door after he was beside him. \"So.. Think we could talk?\" \"Yeah. I mean you're already here.\" Banky walked back to his spot on the couch. \"Guess I am.\" They say in solace for some time before Holden spoke back up. \"I miss you bank. I know I was stupid to say and do what I did but at the time... At the time it felt right. I know that's no excuse for it but...\" \"holden don't.\" Holden sighed before talking again while ignoring Banky. \"I know you've probably moved on by now but... If you'd let me I'd like to give us a try.\" Banky sharply looked back at Holden. \"Dude don't say crap you don't mean... And if this is just so you can come back. I would've let you move in anyway.\" \"That's the thing bank. I do mean it. I couldn't stop thinking about you after we split... And I finally relieved that you're like Alyssa.\" \"Oh gee thanks!\" \"No gah. I didn't mean it like that... I meant your what I liked in her. I never saw it before because I've never thought about guys that way let alone being with my best friend but Alyssa taught me that you gotta look for love in any place possible. I never saw that you're what I need to keep me whole and sane until it was too late. \" Banky took in a ragged breath before asking his question. \"If this is you playing me or just F-ing experimenting I swear Holden I will F-ing kill you personally and they won't ever find your body.\" Holden laughed at Banky's threat knowing it was true. \"I swear Banky Edwards it's true and I'm not playing you. I don't really have any words for how I feel about you... So I hope this may help.\" Holden grabbed Banky by his shirt pulling him in for a kiss. At first Banky was still until he realized what was happening. After he did he kissed Holden back matching his movements as if they were planned. Banky pulled back to look into Holden's eyes trying to find what his emotions were without asking. What he saw there was hard to distinguish but he could see the love swirling inside. \" This is F-ed up you know.\" \" Yeah but I like f-ed up stuff, I mean you're my best friend.\" Banky hit Holden in the arm after that while laughing. \"Holden?\" \"Yes Banky?\" \"Think I love you.\" Holden smiled then pulled Banky over letting his head rest on his own shoulder. \"That's good cuz I know I F-ing love you Bank.\" Banky smiled and nodded back in response. \"In the 'wise words of jay... snooch!\" \"Don't quote jay.\" \"Whatever man. I'd do anything right now.\" Banky leaned up to kiss Holden before leaning back into the other man's chest. \"You're right though, Snooch!\" \"See!\" To that they both laughed. Laughed harder than they had in months. What he have here is a extreme case of comic love. The kind of love that should have been obvious from the beginning but wasn't. ","Summary":" A/N, I own nothing! Holden walked slowly into the conversation room where the Comics were housed no"},{"Movie":"Chasing Amy","Title":"Another Ending: Part 9Epilogue-Moving Forward","Author":"FantasticalMusical","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12562688","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"This is our song.\" \"The fuck it is. We don't have a song. We're not that gay.\" I smile at Banky from the car's passenger side. However, Banky doesn't see me at all because he's too busy staring ahead in frustration over the bumper to bumper traffic. I can tell his rage is just bubbling for now. He's practically bouncing in his seat and can't seem to stop tapping the steering wheel. Hopefully, it'll simmer soon instead of bursting everywhere. Normally I wouldn't worry about a traffic jam triggering him, but we do have a pretty important person waiting on us. Someone has to stay level headed though so I calmly reply with, \"Well, if we did have a song it'd be this song.\" \"Uh-huh. Whatever. Damnit we're going to be late.\" \"Banky? Don't you even want to know why I consider this song to be our song?\" \"I love you Holden, but no not really. Should we call her? I think we should call her.\" Well, so much for trying to distract him. I guess I could help him deal with the situation, despite the fact that there's not actually a situation. \"Banky relax. We won't be that late and I seriously doubt she'll be upset if she has to hang with her friends for a little longer.\" Banky continues staring ahead, more like glaring really, when he says, \"This is her first time away like this. What if it didn't go well? I saw that movie and it was right. Girls are mean!\" God he's adorable. I want to laugh, but I keep it inside and instead reach over to touch his knee. Even though I'm fine Banky isn't and I need to respect that. For now anyway, once it's all said and done I'll be sure to give him hell for this later. \"Banky she's fine. I promise. She'd let us know if she wasn't you know.\" At last he looks at me. \"I just want to get there. We said we'd be there so we should be there.\" Banky sighs, then quickly digs his cell out of his pocket. He speedily texts our daughter about the traffic but that we would be there to pick her up from her first slumber party ASAP. He then makes a show of putting his cell on the dash, putting the car in park, slouching back in his seat, and closing his eyes. Meanwhile I lay against the headrest and gaze at Banky, patiently waiting for him to calm down. For a few moments the only sound is \"our song\". Don't act like it's a bad thing to fall in love with me 'Cause you might fuck around to find your dreams come true, with me Spent all your time and your money just to find out that my love was free So don't act like it's a bad thing to fall in love with me \"So just why the fuck is this our song?\" Banky's eyes are still closed but that doesn't stop him from having a conversation. \"I thought you said you didn't care about it\" \"I did say that because at the time I didn't care. Now I do. So spill.\" \"Well, that didn't take long.\" \"Damnit Holden are you going to tell me or not?!\" I only have myself to blame. It's just explaining my rationale means taking a trip down memory lane and it's not exactly a fond memory for Banky. Well, not for me either if I'm being honest. I only even mentioned it in the hope to distract Banky, but I realize now I'll probably just be giving him a different reason to feel crappy. I had looked off during my deep thoughts and when I return my eyes to Banky he's already looking at me. I wonder how long he saw me worriedly rethinking everything. He then reaches over to squeeze my hand and says lovingly, \"Holden, talk to me.\" Well, how can I resist that? I pause the song, take a deep breath, and face the love of my life. \"It's all about the singer convincing the person they love not to be afraid of…well, their love. How could I not think of us?\" Banky gives me a confused look. \"Holden, I know I took some time coming around to being 100% totally out to the world with you but…\" I was already shaking my head before I just stop him right there. \"I mean when we first got together. That night as soon as I realized what I feel for you I confessed it, and well it's not like you took it very well.\" Banky then immediately rolls his eyes. \"Yeah I freaked okay, but only for like 5 minutes!\" \"Well…it was the worst 5 minutes of my life.\" \"Holden…\" \"The worst. For five minutes I didn't know if I'd ever even see you again. For all I knew we were over before we begun. Banky, for five minutes I thought I lost you. And that felt..it just felt…\" I can't even finish the sentence because I'm trying desperately to keep the tears from breaking loose. This means looking anywhere except at Banky, but I still fail and a couple fall anyway. While I'm trying to calm myself down I notice the car in front of us is moving again. Looking out my window I say, \"Traffic is moving. We should too huh?\" But we don't move an inch. The cars all around us are finally in motion again, yet we're at a standstill. I'm not quite ready to face Banky, but when a car behind us honks I instinctively look back at him and say, \"Banky? Come on let's go.\" He stares at me for about another second and then finally puts the car in drive, but he doesn't go forward at all. Instead he pulls the car over to the shoulder and turns it off. \"Banky? What are you doing?\" At lightning speed he takes his seatbelt off and leans over to wrap me up in a hug. \"Holden I'm sorry. I'm so fucking sorry.\" I hug him back of course, but I feel foolish. It was forever and a day ago. \"You didn't do anything wrong. I'm sorry. I'm being a drama queen.\" Banky pulls back but keeps his hands on me. \"No. You apologized right away and repeatedly for that dumb as shit proposition. Those few seconds of waiting to hear your decision? Those were the worst seconds of my life. I was so sure that was the end of everything between us. Then a miracle happens and it's in fact just the beginning and what do I do? I put you through the same hell but for like ten times longer and never even apologize for it?! Years have gone by. Years! Why didn't you ever say anything before?\" \"Because I didn't care.\" He gives me a look of disbelief so I hold his face in my hands, because I want him to see me clearly as I say this. \"Really I didn't care. I had you. That's all that mattered. That's all that will ever matter.\" \"Holden…\" I don't let him finish because it's then that I pull him in for a kiss. I only meant for it to be a quick kiss because I know we need to be somewhere, but Banky won't let me go. Though it's not like I put up much of a fight. Before I know it the kiss becomes soft and slow and turns into many. Suddenly Banky's ring tone goes off. I manage to actually pull away a tad this time, but Banky's hands are still on me trying to bring me back. Smiling I say, \"Banky, come on. It's probably Leia wondering where we are.\" That brings him back to the here and now and he reluctantly lets me go. I pick up the phone and I was right. I let Banky know she was wondering where we are, but is still having fun so she doesn't care if we're late picking her up. \"Good because the last thing I want to do right now is go anywhere.\" He says as he gets with the kissing again. Laughing a bit I remind him between kisses that while our daughter is fine staying there indefinitely the parents might not be. Banky groans at that and gives me one last kiss before turning back to the steering wheel. He starts the car up again, but before we join the steady flow of traffic he turns to me and asks, \"So, we're okay?\" \"Of course. We were always okay.\" Banky gives me that smile he knows I'm crazy for and says, \"Okay.\" Then he replays the song on the iTunes. I give him an incredulous look which he just responds playfully with, \"What? It's our song after all. I for one love our song. Don't you love our song?\" I really do. I watch him head down the highway wearing that trademark Banky smile and I say quietly, \"More than anything,\" However, I'm sure as hell not talking about the song. The End A/N: Awesome? Awful? Please let me know either way:) ","Summary":" \"This is our song.\" \"The fuck it is. We don't have a song. We're not that gay.\" I smile at Bank"},{"Movie":"Chasing Amy","Title":"Rare","Author":"FantasticalMusical","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10530548","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Sorry for politically incorrect words. Just trying to keep with the characters and don't condone using them at all in real life. \"I'm so glad we made up.\" Alyssa says in the middle of a heavy make out with session with Holden on her couch. Between kisses Holden is able to get out, \"I'm so glad I had lunch with Bob.\" \"What?\" Alyssa asks with a smile on her face. Holden just laughs and says, \"Never mind.\" A few more kisses later Holden's pager goes off. He groans and reluctantly pulls away to check it. \"It's Banky. I should call him.\" \"No, don't. We were just getting started.\" Alyssa continues kissing Holden in the hope he'll forget all about his roommate and know only her. He allows this for a bit, but starts to pull away again all too soon. \"I promised I'd get back to him about the comic. It'll just take a minute.\" Frustrated Alyssa then says something that perhaps she shouldn't. \"He doesn't deserve a second of your time let alone a whole minute.\" No longer smiling Holden stands up and starts to look for her cordless phone. \"Look, I know he can be an ass, but he was just looking out for me.\" \"He was trying to break us up and nearly succeeded. How do you know he won't try again?\" \"Alyssa, where's your phone?\" She gets up too, folds her arms across her chest, and glares at him. \"Holden, answer me. Do you really think he won't try it again?\" He stops searching for the phone as he realizes nothing can happen until he answers her. Holden walks up to her, puts his hands on her face lovingly, and gives her a short kiss. \"I don't know if he'll ever try something like this again. But I do know that it won't matter. I'd like to blame him for our fight, but the true cause was my insecurity. No one can break us up Alyssa, except for us.\" Holden kisses her again, but this time it isn't short. Just as Alyssa is hoping to go further he ends the kiss and asks, \"So, about that phone?\" Any progress made is immediately destroyed. Alyssa pushes him away with an obvious scowl on her face and decides to start looking for that precious phone for him. She gets down on the floor and starts to look in the couch cushions, ignoring Holden the best she can. \"Please don't be mad.\" Holden then gets on his knees next her and tries to get her attention. Refusing to look at him she asks, \"What are you going to tell him?\" \"What?\" \"The comic. What have you decided?\" Holden figures this would be a good time to look under the couch as he responds. \"I'm going to tell him yes.\" \"WHAT?!\" Out of sight he closes his eyes, takes a deep breath to prepare himself, and then faces her. Alyssa looks at him now and it feels like she's looking at a stranger. \"You said you were sick of the shallowness of it. That you wanted to do something personal. You said th-\" \"I know what I said.\" \"Then why?\" \"Because it's fun. Working with Banky is fun. If I say no to this I'll always wonder what could have been. Plus, it'll hurt him hard if I say no and hold him back.\" \"That's funny. You hold him back? That's fucking hilarious.\" \"Alyssa, please.\" \"Why can't you see that he's the one who's been holding you back all this time? His only ambition in the world is to trap you, so he can live out his days doing nothing more than just trace and play video games.\" In anger Holden unconsciously narrows his eyes at her. \"He inks.\" \"Holden!\" \"Damnit stop! I made up my mind and that's it!\" Holden stands up and gives the room one last look. \"Fuck this. I'll just go, find a payphone, give us a few minutes to calm down and then I'll be back.\" Alyssa gets up and says to Holden, \"I'm not so sure you should come back.\" \"Alyssa, come on.\" He reaches out to pull her towards him, but she walks back a couple of steps to put some distance between them. Sighing he looks at her and says, \"The last few days without you were hell. I don't want to wait another few days to see you again. It was a fight. Not even a fight, a heated discussion. It's over now. Let's just move on as soon as possible.\" \"I hate him Holden. And don't you dare be mad at me for it, because he hates me right back. I thought things would be different. I thought you'd be pissed at him too. I sure didn't think you would be continuing the comic much longer. I figured we'd be living together soon and that I would never have to see Banky's fucking face again! Now you're telling me that, not only are you fine with him trying to destroy us, but that you're going to be spending endless days working beside him?!\" \"Alyssa, I'm telling you to let it go!\" \"Oh you're 'telling' me are you?! I'm just supposed to deal with the fact that he'll have access to you practically 24/7 and will be filling that time trying to poison us?! WELL, MAYBE YOU'RE OK WITH THAT, BUT I'M NOT!\" \"GODDAMNIT! WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME? WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO TO PROVE HE ISN'T A THREAT TO US?!\" \"You could tell him no! We both know you don't want to be a corporate sell-out. So do what you want and write something meaningful. And, God, just be rid of him so we can move on with our lives.\" \"That's not going to happen.\" \"Why? WHY THE FUCK NOT?! He has that much control over you? Are you that scared of being on your own?\" \"I'm not fucking scared and he doesn't control me! I AM DOING WHAT I WANT TO DO!\" \"BULLSHIT!\" \"BELIEVE WHAT YOU WANT! GOD, IT'S FUNNY YOU HATING HIM SO MUCH, BECAUSE YOU'RE ACTING JUST LIKE HIM! WHAT IS IT WITH YOU GUYS MAKING ME CHOOSE BETWEEN THE TWO OF YOU?! SERIOUSLY, WHY CAN'T I JUST HAVE A GIRLFRIEND AND A BEST FRIEND THAT AREN'T THAT CRAZY ABOUT EACH OTHER, BUT DON'T MAKE A FEDERAL CASE OUT OF IT? IS THAT TOO MUCH TO FUCKING ASK?!\" Alyssa just stares at Holden for a minute before speaking. \"He wants you to choose between us? When was this?\" \"It doesn't matter.\" \"It does to me. When was this?\" \"I don't know, a while ago. Before the painting even. It was just an empty threat meant to show his strong disapproval of us.\" \"So he threatened his friendship with you, because he 'strongly disapproved' of us before there even was an 'us'? Holden, how can you put up with all of his shit?! WHY DO YOU KEEP HIM AROUND? WHAT GOOD DOES HE DO YOU?! HE'S EMBARRASSING AS FUCK AND IS HATEFUL TO EVERYONE! HOLDEN, YOU DON'T NEED THAT IN YOUR LIFE. WHY CAN'T YOU SEE HOW MUCH BETTER OFF YOU'D BE WITHOUT HIM!\" \"I TOLD YOU THAT ISN'T GOING TO HAPPEN!\" \"BUT YOU NEVER TOLD ME WHY. WHY THE HELL DO YOU INSIST ON KEEPING HIM AROUND?!\" As Holden enters his apartment he sees the back of Banky's head and a hockey video game on the TV. The sight brings a small smile to his face. \"Hey.\" \"Hey Mr. Doesn't Return Pages.\" \"Yeah, sorry about that. I was busy.\" Holden sits down beside him and focuses his attention to the pixelated action on the pixelated ice. \"Too busy fucking that dyke to give your best friend a minute of your time. I get it.\" \"Banky don't. Besides, we weren't fucking. We were breaking up.\" \"Yeah right.\" Unfazed he continues with his game. \"No really. It's over.\" \"What happened?\" \"Let's just say, I can't give her what she wants.\" \"You have a dick, what more could she want?\" \"Funny.\" Banky steals a glance at Holden. \"Why aren't you crying and shit?\" \"Excuse me?\" \"You guys' first fight got you all teary eyed. I figured a full on break up with the bitch would have you balled up in a corner, rocking back and forth, and bawling your fucking eyes out.\" \"Nice to know what you think of me.\" \"Hey, I just know you were all retard crazy for her.\" This makes Holden chuckle a bit. \"Do you hear the words that come out of your mouth? 'retard crazy' who talks like that?\" \"I talk like that. So, why so fucking calm?\" Banky's game is ending, so Holden grabs the other controller, and waits for Banky to reset it for two players. \"I'm ok because I have other things in my life that I love more.\" \"Yeah? Like what?\" At this, Holden finally stops looking at the TV and looks at Banky. When Banky turns his head for a response, Holden answers with, \"You know what.\" Holden smiles at Banky and Banky smiles back as the two share a moment. \"So, you're like super retard crazy for me?\" Banky says, which quickly ends said moment. \"Oh God.\" Holden rolls his eyes as he sets his sights back on the TV. \"You know what I really love? Kicking your ass at all things Sega.\" \"Oh big talker! I was going to go easy on you, losing your old lady and all, but fuck it. It's on now!\" \"It's on like Donkey Kong!\" Banky immediately erupts in laughter and can't seem to stop as he tries to speak. \"Who talks like that ?!\" Holden laughs too and says, \"I talk like that! Now, let's do this!\" THE END ","Summary":" A/N: Sorry for politically incorrect words. Just trying to keep with the characters and don't condo"},{"Movie":"Chasing Amy","Title":"Another Ending: Part 5- A Night Out","Author":"FantasticalMusical","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10574757","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Weeks go by. The time is mostly spent enjoying each other. Banky explains that he's not quite ready to do everything which is fine, because I love him and don't mind waiting. It's also fine because he's more than ready to do EVERYTHING ELSE! Our time together is wonderful. It's filled with numerous kisses, writing, wandering hands, drawing, countless orgasms, and talking. Most recently, we made a big decision about our future together. \"Yes.\" \"Yes?\" \"Yes! I want to do the show. I think it'll be fun.\" Banky, gives me a slow smile at this. \"I think it'll be fun too.\" I still want, and need, to write something personal, something more meaningful than dick and fart jokes, but I'm not ready to let go of what Banky and I have created. While the work isn't necessarily challenging, I'm very lucky to get paid, and paid well, doing something I love. I'd be a fool to give it up. After we finalize the deal we decide to stay in the city for a while, find a bar, and celebrate. \"Honey, how you picked that man child over such a fly lady is beyond me.\" Celebrate with Hooper in tow. We can't avoid Hooper forever, and honestly I don't want to. He's our friend and, hopefully, Banky will begin to remember that. Alyssa already somewhat filled Hooper in on that night but, without all the information, he's right to be confused. Luckily, Hooper doesn't press for more since, without Banky's ok, I'm unable to explain things. It's so hard to pretend nothing's changed. To act like I'm not ridiculously happy. To not hold his hand in the network's waiting room. To do nothing now, but watch from across the room, as some blonde bimbo hits on Banky. I fucking hate this. \"Holden honey, are you even listening to me?\" \"I'm sorry, what?\" \"Bitch, I was saying that it's time for you to move on. And what better night than tonight? A night of new beginnings!\" Banky, finally able to get rid of said bimbo, returns to the table with drinks. I can't keep the smile off my face as he strongly disagrees with Hooper. \"Tonight isn't about hos, it's about bros. Besides, this is the worst time to 'move on'. Who has time to woo when we've got fucking work to do?\" \"Listen to those rhymes. Sweetie, you're a poet and don't even fucking know it. Let me try! Tonight isn't about work, it's about play! And Holden, you can't say no because she's already on her way.\" \"WHAT?!\" Banky and I both yell, maybe a bit too loudly. \"Goddamnit Hooper! We didn't invite you here to stir up shit!\" Banky is officially pissed off and I'm obviously less than pleased as we listen to Hooper defend himself. \"Relax sweetie. She's just a friend of a friend who may or may not stop by. Where's the harm in that?\" \"I don't fucking like surprises is all.\" \"Then it's a good thing this isn't about you. She may or may not 'surprise' Holden.\" \"Yeah, and why the fuck is that? Why don't you find some slut to set me up with?\" \"Oh, sweetie. You know why.\" This makes Banky widen his eyes a bit in quiet anger. \"Whatever. I gotta piss.\" Banky then storms off and I'm just glad he's taking a mini time out instead of causing a scene. Turning to Hooper I pick my words wisely. \"Hooper, I appreciate your concern and I'm sure she's great, whoever she is. But, I'm not in a place right now to date her or any other girl.\" He gives me a look I can't quite read before replying with, \"Understood. No helping unless asked.\" I try not to show my extreme relief at this. \"Thanks. Next round's on me.\" While I'm up at the bar I notice Banky returning to the table and the two talking. I get back as soon as possible, just in case I'm needed to keep the peace. Fortunately, when I return the conversation has turned to 'who would win? Wolverine vs. The Hulk'. And, thank God, the mysterious friend of a friend of Hooper's never shows. ","Summary":" Weeks go by. The time is mostly spent enjoying each other. Banky explains that he's not quite ready"},{"Movie":"Chasing Amy","Title":"Dealing With It","Author":"Tarie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10510702","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The door had no sooner closed, shutting Holden Fucking McNeil out of his life one more motherfucking time, and then Hooper was at his table, looking down his stuck-up black nose at the stack of Baby Daves. \"Do tell, mon cheri,\" Hooper drawled, covering the stack with the palm of his hand, leaning on Banky's table. \"Was that yon Mister Sister who verily anon just went withal?\" His brows waggled. Banky fucking hated when he did that. It made him look like a Men on Film reject AND an asshole – although looking like an asshole had to have its perks for a Hershey Highwayman. \"Shut the fuck up,\" Banky said irritably, the semi-good mood that'd settled in upon sharing a 'moment', however brief it may have been, with Holden now gone like the fuckin' Flash. \"Oooooh,\" Hooper intoned, laying another hand on the table. He leaned in close, and Banky scooted his chair back to compensate. Sobering, Hooper eyed Banky steadily. \"Listen, Banky. It's about high time you learned to deal with—\" \"I'M NOT A FUCKING COCK-KNOCKER,\" Banky interrupted heatedly. The Hellboy and Green Lantern who'd been standing beside the Baby Dave table heatedly arguing over who would win in a bar brawl – The Joker or The Riddler – stopped and stared. \"Fuck this,\" Banky said under his breath, toppling his chair over as he stood up abruptly. Shoving past Hooper, he stormed into the nearest head. Thank fucking Christ it was empty, because Banky was not in the mood for fanboys or artists who looked down on his inking roots (Iking gave drawings depth and motherfucking DEFINITION, nonbelievers!). Before he could shove the trash can against the door to block it off, Hooper pushed his way in. Bitch was a tall Shirley Temple tumbler-full of STRONG – probably boned up fighting off other queers at Bloomingdale's sales. \"Bitch,\" Hooper said, poking a finger in Banky's chest. \"When you gonna learn that bein' you ain't such a bad thing?\" \"Bitch,\" Banky returned, slapping Hooper's finger away and stuffing the garbage bin under the doorhandle, \"when you gonna learn that I just have LAYERS and some of them aren't light and fluffy like a damned angelfaggotfood cake?\" Hooper stared at him in silence for a long moment before speaking. \"When you say shit like that, it makes a girl's heart pitter-patter. I could just kiss you.\" \"Maybe I'll fuckin' do it first,\" Banky spat. And then he did. But the most fuckin' surprising part about it was not that Hooper kissed back (because Hooper was queer and everyone needed deep dicking, so that was a no-brainer) but that he didn't STOP. Christ. Maybe he could learn to deal with this gay shit. ","Summary":" The door had no sooner closed, shutting Holden Fucking McNeil out of his life one more motherfuckin"},{"Movie":"Chasing Amy","Title":"Another Ending: Part 6-Rest","Author":"FantasticalMusical","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10576145","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Banky's driving home and I'm fighting to keep my eyes open. Slouching in the seat I look over to him and briefly think about bringing up Hooper's match making attempt, but I don't. The night out ended on a good note and I don't want to risk upsetting him. Besides, I'm beyond exhausted to start any sort of conversation. Banky takes a quick glance at me. I guess it's clear how tired I am, because he says, \"Holden, go to sleep.\" A yawn hits me while I try to respond, \"Don't want you to drive alone.\" He chuckles and says, \"I'm a big boy Holden. I'll be fine, get some sleep.\" But I can't. Not until I finally do what I've been wanting to do all damn day. I reach over and hold his hand in mine. He gives me a smile and my hand a small squeeze. Only now am I content to close my eyes. I fall into a deep sleep for God knows how long. There's flashes of Banky waking me up and guiding me up the stairs to our place. Once inside, I quickly make my way to bed, and fall into it face down. After a bit I notice I'm alone. Still groggy I look around in the dark for Banky and call out to him. \"Banky?\" My voice is raspy, my throat is dry, and I just want Banky. I flip over to my back and am about to go search for him, but then he enters the room looking pretty tired himself. \"Come to bed.\" He stumbles towards the bed and it's so cute, but I'm too sleepy to say so. He plops down on his back right next to me. I rest my weary head against his before passing out once again. ","Summary":" Banky's driving home and I'm fighting to keep my eyes open. Slouching in the seat I look over to hi"},{"Movie":"Chasing Amy","Title":"Taking First","Author":"emeralddragonchild","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8198398","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: An alternative ending to Chasing Amy, because I watched it for the first time in years last night and was reminded that I'm still holding a little bit of a candle for Holden/Banky. Banky's never been able to pinpoint a moment. His epiphany, if that's what you want to call it, came years too late and by time he realized he was in love with Holden, he'd already been fully incased in denial for a good many years and he put effort into not dwelling on it, into trying to forget it with pussy and alcohol and weed. It never worked, not really, but Banky got very good at pretending it did. He never thought this would happen. Holden is looking at Alyssa, not at him, but Banky can't tear his eyes away. Holden wants to sleep with him. Banky can't believe it, his mind stuttered to a stop with his lips burning from a kiss that was brief and chaste and without any kind of passion and yet without a doubt the best kiss Banky's ever had in his life. Of course he's tempted. He's being offered everything he's wanted and craved and jerked off thinking about in some of his weaker moments on a golden fucking platter and he wants to say yes, wants to take what he can get. But Banky's always been a bit of a shit, give him an inch and he'll demand a mile. He knows himself, knows that he's greedy and possessive. He can't stand to have Alyssa sitting on his couch, let alone sharing his bed. He feels sick to see her touch Holden, kiss Holden. He isn't capable of watching them fuck and he can't be a part of it. What Holden is really offering is a reflection, a distorted image of what Banky wants and just close enough to make Banky want it anyway. Only Banky isn't stupid and there's a reason he's always denied what he felt, a reason he's never spoke up about it. There's twenty years of friendship ridding on the line and Banky isn't willing to risk it. He wasn't willing to demand all or nothing from Holden because he couldn't, and still can't, deal with the idea of Holden saying no and walking away and leaving his life forever. Banky will cling to whatever part of Holden that he can latch onto. Alyssa says no. She's in tears, all fucking dramatic, and leaving a red mark on Holden's cheek as she goes. Banky almost wants to applaud her for that; Holden deserves it for the fucked up mess he just dumped all over all of them. Holden stares at him in shock. \"She's right. I could never share you, Holden. And you're a fucking asshole.\" Banky tries to go to his room, but Holden catches onto his arm. \"I don't understand.\" \"You're fucking selfish, Holden.\" Banky snaps. \"You want us both, you don't want to choose, you want to have your cake and eat it too or however the fuck you want to put it. You want it to be easy and perfect? Well, fuck you. Life isn't like that. Fuck you for asking that of me, after everything we've been through. Jesus fuck, man, you've known me since the third grade! What made you think I could, even for a second, be satisfied with one fucking pity fuck from you to tide me over for the rest of my life. I'm worth more than that, you fucking fuck!\" He screams the last word, jerking free, and slams the door behind him as he slips into his bedroom. He falls down onto his bed and curls up. His eyes burn, but he's not some fucking pussy that's going to cry over some dickhead that's not even fucking worth it. He's not. He wants to cling to anger because that's better than whatever pathetic version of heartbreak he'll feel when he lets it go, if a heart can break after it's already been diced into pieces and flayed. His door doesn't lock and he's not really surprised that Holden comes in after a few moments. Banky keeps his face turned towards the wall, fingers clenched in his blanket, and doesn't say anything. His voice would only wobble, crack, and betray how close to tears he is. Holden climbs into the bed behind him, arm wrapping around. Banky goes tense but Holden doesn't stop. His breath tickles the small hairs at the back of Banky's neck. \"I don't think of you like that,\" Holden whispers. \"It would never be a pity fuck, Bank.\" \"It's not enough. You can't offer me this and not expect me to take it and demand more and more. I want everything, Holden.\" \"You can have everything.\" Banky snorts. \"Why, because Alyssa's gone and you finally realize you aren't getting her back this time. That you fucked it over good and you want to collect second best while you can?\" \"Damnit, Banky. You aren't second best. That's the whole point. I couldn't figure out who was first and who was second best.\" \"It shouldn't have been a challenge.\" Banky whispers back and closes his eyes against the wave of pain that accompanies those words. It should never have been a problem. If Holden had really loved him, he would never have looked at Alyssa in the first place. It's why Banky has never had a girlfriend that lasted longer than a few weeks; he loves Holden too much for them to ever compare. \"I don't know what you want.\" Holden admits. \"I think Alyssa summed it up. I might love you, Holden, but I'm not your whore. I'm not going to be the one to spread my legs for you because you lost the person you want.\" \"It isn't like that.\" Banky turns and lets Holden look him in the eyes, serious like he rarely is. \"Then you're going to have to prove it because after that little display I don't believe you.\" Holden stares at him and then nods. \"Prove it. Okay, I can do that.\" He leans forward, kisses Banky again. It's quick, chaste, just like before. Just like before, it feels searing and strangely permanent, like Banky will be able to feel those lips on his for the rest of his life. \"I can do that.\" ","Summary":" A/N: An alternative ending to Chasing Amy, because I watched it for the first time in years last ni"},{"Movie":"Chasing Amy","Title":"Another Ending: Part 8-THE END","Author":"FantasticalMusical","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10582399","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Banky's face is close to mine and I can tell he wants to say something. I can see him silently thinking of just the right thing to say. After a bit, he just gives me one of those big Banky smiles he knows I adore so much. I smile back at him just as big and so desperately want to say something too. Something to express the pure joy I'm feeling. But, what words are there to fully illustrate just how deliriously blissful I am? I rack my brain only to realize, there aren't any. But that's okay, because we don't need them. We've already confessed our love and vowed our loyalty to each other. We know how the other feels. After decades of friendship and love, we know the depths of each other's heart, mind, and soul. We're kindred spirits. Soulmates. So words aren't necessary. No, the only thing in the world that Banky and I will ever truly need is each other. Knowing this, nothing is spoken, and we just gently kiss instead. He lays his head on my shoulder and I look up to thank God for my beautiful life. We soon fall asleep in each other's arms and I begin to dream. I dream about celebrating high T.V. ratings...and holding hands in the very public arcade...and excitingly camping out to see Episode I...and promoting our other creations with more embroidered caps...and drinking glasses of chocolate milk in the kitchen of our new house...and missing our kids like crazy while they're at school...and, of course, his smile. I dream about Banky's smile. And I just know that someday, all of my dreams will come true. THE END \"i will love you till i die and i will love you all the time\" - Ladies and Gentlemen We Are Floating in Space (I Can't Help Falling in Love) by Spiritualized ","Summary":" Banky's face is close to mine and I can tell he wants to say something. I can see him silently thin"},{"Movie":"Chasing Amy","Title":"Another Ending: Part 4-Understanding","Author":"FantasticalMusical","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10574719","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Much later I'm lying flat on my back on the couch with Banky laying chest down on top of me. Both of us quietly resting in the afterglow. His head is tucked underneath my chin and my arms are holding him close. As much as I appreciate this comfortable silence my curiosity gets the better of me. \"What are you thinking about?\" \"The last time we were on this couch.\" This remark makes me squeeze him closer and I open my mouth to apologize again for proposing such a hurtful and idiotic idea. \"Banky I-\" \"Holden, don't. I'm not fucking fishing for more 'I'm sorrys.' I just…when I was sitting here, when she demanded that you choose. I thought for sure that would be the last time I'd ever see you again. I never thought in a million fucking years that you'd choose me.\" \"Well, you thought wrong.\" This makes him laugh a bit, \"Apparently. So, what are you thinking about?\" \"Hooper.\" This makes Banky laugh a lot. \"Why the fuck are you thinking about Hooper?\" \"I'm just eager to see the look on his face when we tell him about us, aren't you?\" Instead of a reply, he just gives me silence. \"Banky?\" \"We don't have to tell him you know.\" \"What?\" \"I just mean, we don't have to make any big announcement or anything. It's not anybody else's fucking business.\" This hurts my heart and confuses my brain. He's been dealing with his feelings far longer than I have. Yet, I'm the one who wants to shout from the rooftops, while he's content to hide from the world? \"Banky…\" He starts to sit up so I do too. He then rubs his hands over his face which is never a good sign. \"Look, I'm not fucking ashamed of you or us. I just don't want to deal with all the shit Hooper is bound to dump on me. I'm just not exactly 'eager' to answer a bunch of fucking questions or have to listen to the infinite 'I told you so's'…he'll just be so fucking smug as fuck…and nosy as hell. I just…Fuck, it's just too much and…\" There's that awful phrase again, 'just too much'. The last thing I want is his mind going back down that road. He needs time and space, that's reasonable. This isn't a big deal Holden, unless you make it one. Don't make it one! He's still rambling and is clearly getting upset. \"Fuck Holden! I don't know how to do this! I-\" He stands up, I assume, so he can walk away. Fuck that! I quickly dart my arm out and reach around his waist to keep him where he is. Looking up at him I say, \"Banky, it's ok, I get it. We can just keep this to ourselves for a while. If you don't want to tell anyone, we won't tell anyone.\" He closes his mouth and just stares down at me before whispering, \"Thank you, Holden.\" Banky needs more time. I can be patient. I can. It's not a big deal. Really. I'm fine with this. I'll be fine. ","Summary":" Much later I'm lying flat on my back on the couch with Banky laying chest down on top of me. Both o"},{"Movie":"Chasing Amy","Title":"Soul Searching","Author":"emeralddragonchild","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8198411","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: Sequel to \"Taking First\" Warning: Slight triggers for hate speech. The author does not share the opinions of the character (and, in fact, the character himself does not. He's just an angry soul). It's been a year. They're at a con –because when is there not one con or another to attend?– and Banky sees her first. He goes tense, can't even help it, and, of course, it draws Holden's attention. Holden follows his eyes to Alyssa, just sitting down and smiling at the woman accompanying her. Holden looks away, bites at his lip. Banky knows that expression, knows that Holden wants to go over and talk to her. Banky is almost sure that after a year he should be more comfortable in their relationship and not feel this burning jealousy, but he does. Holden nudges his foot under the table and catches his eye. He's smiling, eyes soft, and Banky forces himself to relax and smile back. He's glad when someone comes up for a signing; it gives him a diversion to focus on. Somehow, they get through the con. Holden's packing up, loading a box out to their car, while Banky stands off to one side and chats with a lingering fan about the future of Bluntman and Chronic, hands gesturing as he talks like they always do when he gets excited. He has his own projects, and Holden has Chasing Amy , which Banky tries very hard not to hate with a fierce and undeniable passion, but Banky still has ideas for the future and working with Holden excites him. The fan eventually leaves, urged away by security, and Banky turns to get the last of their display packed up. He freezes when he sees her, her fingers lingering on a display of Holden's work. Chasing Amy, which bares her face though with a few changes to avoid him having to pay her royalties. God, even after all this time he still hates her so fucking much. \"Hey, Banky. It's been a while.\" Banky bites down on the urge to call her a dyke, a cuntrag, a fucking bitch. He returns her greeting with one that's almost as civil. \"Alyssa.\" \"I guess, in the end, you won, huh?\" She finally looks up at him, the smile on her face cold and cruel. \"Well.\" Banky tilts his head back. \"I had the head start. Among certain other advantages.\" Like not being a fucking dyke ass bitch. She nods, like she'd been expecting that. \"I hope you two are very happy together.\" Banky's shoulders relax. \"We are.\" And it's the perfect truth. He's happy with his life, with where he and Holden stand. \"He told me, once, that I was the only soul on Earth he'd ever felt truly connected to. I wonder which of us he lied to.\" She says, pauses to let the words settle, and then walks away. Banky fucking hates her. And more than that, he hates how her words get to him, eat at him. Like she knew they would. When Holden gets back from his trip to the car, he's grinning. He wraps an arm around Banky and kisses him on the cheek. \"Ready to go home?\" Banky blinks at him, slowly. \"Did you tell Alyssa she was the only soul you'd ever felt connected to?\" Holden frowns, lets his arms drop away. \"You talked to her?\" \"She came up to me. Did you say that?\" Holden takes a deep breath, like he's preparing himself. \"I might have said something like that.\" \"What the fuck?\" Banky yells. \"So, what, you didn't 'feel connected' with my soul? Fuck you!\" \"I didn't mean it like that. I said that before I ever considered us. I didn't know you were a possibility then.\" It's a fair argument, except how it's not. Even before he let himself acknowledge his own feelings, Banky had long considered Holden his soul mate. Like those stoners they based the comic book off of: heterosexual life partners. It hurt to know that there was a time Holden hadn't thought that. \"What about now?\" Banky asks, trying to keep his voice calm. He's not always very good at calm, but he tries. Holden cups the back of Banky's head and drags him into a kiss. \"You're it, Bank.\" He says after they've parted, foreheads leaned together. \"She couldn't even compare.\" Banky lets out a breath and pulls Holden back to him. He can accept that, believe that, and lose himself in Holden's taste, the feel of his mouth. At least for now. ","Summary":" Note: Sequel to \"Taking First\" Warning: Slight triggers for hate speech. The author does not shar"},{"Movie":"Amelie","Title":"Amelie Daydreams","Author":"Snow Love Peace","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12241261","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: this is fanfiction, I do not own the copyright to the film Amelie and no copyright infringement is intended and no profits are made! this is a fanwork summary - Amélie Poulain was always a dreamy person and had a far off look in her eyes, but what did her daydreams actually consist of? Nino of course :) Song: Bjork - I miss you but I haven't met you yet Amelie Daydreams . Amélie Poulain wipes at the cafe's polished green tables with a cloth as she hums to herself and thinks of Nino. Her Cinderella boy. He still doesn't know her name and they haven't officially met, aside from the notes and random anonymous phone call she sent him...they still haven't spoken to him, but her head and her heart on her fire as she thinks of him. All she knows is what he left behind in that mysterious photo-album and she finds it such a strange-quaint hobby that he collected random broken and discarded photobooth portraits to collect together in an album. This is just like something she'd do: eccentric. and it makes her more convinced than ever that Nino and her are meant to be. As she cleans another table at the cafe and takes orders from the many customers that flicker in and out of the busy Parisian cafe, she thinks of Nino. Nino. Nino. Nino. Nino is always on her mind and when she's speaking to someone else or forced to listen to the radio or the buzz of the television, she is missing him. She hasn't met him yet, but she really misses him. The other people fade away and she thinks of his smile and his quaint hobbies, his hands swiftly diving into the photo booth bin's to get those discarded pictures. My Nino. . Sometimes as she pops a cherry jaw covered croissant into her mouth, she wonders how much she will miss him after she next sends him another letter. There's so much waiting to do in this cryptic game of love. . ","Summary":" Disclaimer: this is fanfiction, I do not own the copyright to the film Amelie and no copyright infr"},{"Movie":"Chasing Amy","Title":"Another Ending: Part 1-Proposition","Author":"FantasticalMusical","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10311570","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"No.\" I couldn't believe my ears. No?! After everything and everyone she's done in her life she says no to this, to me? How can I not be insulted by this? \"Thank Christ!\" Banky doesn't want to either. For some reason this hurts more than Alyssa's rejection. Yet, feeling insulted by Banky is the last thing I'm feeling…Banky ignites more of a feeling of curiosity and something else. Disappointment maybe? Why did he agree to it in the first place then? As quickly as I think of that question the answer immediately pops into my head. For me. He was going to go through with this insane request just because I asked him to. This flattery warms my heart. Wait, why do I care so much about this? Why are my thoughts so focused on my best friend when I should be paying closer attention to my girlfriend? \"You don't want this Holden.\" \"Yes I do. I've thought about this over and over and I'm sure of it. It's the only way to make things work for all of us.\" I glance over at Banky, his eyes are closed and his bottom lip has a slight tremble to it. I think he's doing all he can to keep himself from crying. I did that. I hurt him. All I want to do is make it better, but I honestly have no idea how. I'd go to him now, but I'm worried that'd just make things worse. For the first time in 20 years I'm at a loss with how to talk to Banky. I suppose it's just as well since apparently Alyssa has more to say. \"See that's what I'm talking about. \"all of us\"? Why include Banky in this at all? If you truly just wanted to be on par with me then why not ask me to bring one of my girlfriends to bed with us? Or try some toys? Or role play? There are plenty of ways to get you some more experience that don't involve your best friend who happens to be in love with you. Your best friend that, apparently, you're attracted to. How can you not see just how worse this would make everything?\" Now she's crying. I'm crying too and I don't even know when I started. I look back at Banky and his head is turned away, but his hand is wiping at his face, and it kills me that I just keep hurting him. I never meant to hurt anyone. This was just meant to be a solution to just get things back to where they were before. When things were easier. I just wanted a girlfriend that doesn't lie to me and my best friend to stop bitching so much. That's where I fucked up, because I was just focusing on what I wanted. I obviously didn't think hard enough on what these two wanted. Alyssa's done with her wild ways and just wants to settle down with me. Which probably would've happened if she hadn't lied about her past. Banky may bitch, but it's his way of being brutally honest with me. He's never lied to me and I have never lied to him. But, I think we both have been lying to ourselves. Banky just bitched so much about Alyssa because he was so scared of losing me to her. I pretended not to notice how much he cares for me, because I didn't want to deal with fact that I care just as much for him. Damn, is Alyssa still talking? \"Holden, you have to choose. I think Banky can agree with me when I say that we hate each other and we're not interested in sharing you. He obviously can't accept me as your girlfriend. And, to be honest, after tonight, I don't know if I can deal with such a...close friendship. Jesus Holden, if what you say is true, do you really think Banky's interested in being used tonight, just to be pushed away tomorrow? Even if he is, and calls a truce come morning, he'll eventually get tired of being the lovesick third wheel and'll bail. Best case scenario, we all do our best to pretend your proposition here didn't happen. The more time you spend building a life with me, is time you'd be losing with Banky. It happens, even to those 'normal couples' you seem to envy so much. Over time friendships change and sometimes even end. It sucks, but it's a part of life. Why do you have such a hard time accepting that? Why are you so desperate to keep Banky around that you think a threesome would be a good idea?\" \"Alyssa, I…\" My voice trails off, because I'm too stunned to think. Damnit, Banky was right. This is the time when I have to choose. Banky or Alyssa, I obviously can't have them both. Alyssa is becoming a slobbery mess and I don't dare look at Banky. I just force myself to think. To imagine a life without Alyssa. A life with no wife. No picket fence. No 2.5 kids. A life full of nothing, but comics. And Sega. And rehearsed Star Wars references and backwards caps and drinking chocolate milk while watching TV and his weird way with kids and that smile. I think of Banky's smile. Now, I force myself to think of a life without Banky. \"Banky. I choose Banky.\" Alyssa closes her eyes and nods with tears running down her face. Out of the corner of my eye I see Banky's head snap towards me and his eyes are wide with shock. Alyssa begins to stand to leave and I feel the need to say something. \"I'm sorry Alyssa. I'm so fucking sorry.\" \"Yeah. Me too.\" She hugs me and I hug her back. I feel like shit for hurting her. For chasing after her only to let her go. If only I dealt with my own drama first. Would I though? Would I had ever sat down and discussed things with Banky unless I was forced to? Probably not. Would the concept of love transcending gender ever even occur to me if it wasn't for knowing Alyssa? No, I would've stayed my happy ignorant self. Never risking having more with Banky in the fear of losing what we already had. She starts to walk out when she stops for a second to look down at Banky and say, \"He's yours again.\" I want to call her out on being a bitch to him, but I don't want to delay her departure. It's shitty of me I know, but I just want her gone. Because I need to know if I am in fact his again. Because I want to be. God help me, I so want to be.[Chapter 2] After she closes the door I finally bring myself to look at Banky. He's staring at the floor with his head in his hands. I wipe my eyes dry and gently sit next to him on the couch. I feel like I'm approaching a strange dog that could snap at me at any second. \"Banky?\" My voice is quiet and a bit raspy. I'm emotionally drained, but this conversation can't wait. We've both waited long enough. \"You shouldn't have done that.\" He whispers. I was expecting yelling and cursing. Then again the conversation is just beginning. \"Which part?\" This makes him raise his head and stare at me with disbelief. \"Which part?! All the parts you fucker! How could you do this? How the fuck is any of this even happening! FUCK!\" Now full of energy he's up and pacing the apartment yelling obscenities. He's good at yelling. He's good at a lot of things, but he really has expressing his rage down to an art. I act annoyed at his angry ramblings, but most of the time I'm fascinated by how and why he reacts so passionately to the small supposed injustices of the world around him. His rants, while fun to witness, are not usually about anything important. Never has it been about anything vital like it is now. I've never before had to worry about calming him down. Whatever inane thing it was that pissed him off, I always knew that he would get over it. This time it isn't inane. This time I don't know what he'll do. I'm up with him now, standing close, but not too close. I want to stop his pacing. I want to grab his arm, pull him against me, hold him and never let go. I want a lot of things, but this isn't about me right now. \"Banky I'm sorry. I can't say I'm sorry enough. You're right it was all wrong and just so stupid of me to suggest any of it. I wasn't thinking.\" \"YES YOU WERE! YOU WERE THINKING ABOUT YOURSELF JUST FINE!\" He stops his pacing and looks at me. \"Do you really think that of me? Do you?!\" \"What do you mean?\" He rolls his eyes and exhales in annoyance. I just keep feeling shittier, but there can't be anymore misunderstandings or dancing around the subject. Everything needs to be out in the open once and for all. Banky takes a few steps closer to me, looks me in the eyes, and in almost a whisper asks, \"Do you really think that I'm in love with you?\" \"Yes. Yes I do.\" \"Was there…I don't know…ANY OTHER TIME YOU COULD'VE TALKED TO ME ABOUT IT?! WHAT THE FUCK HOLDEN?!\" He's walking away from me now scanning the kitchen counter for something as he keeps throwing at me all the words he needs to say. \"WITH HER HERE! SITTING ON THE COUCH WITH ME! LIKE I NEED HER AS AN AUDIENCE IN THE FUCKING FRONT ROW TO WITNESS THE FUCKING DISASTER THAT IS MY LIFE.\" \"Your life isn't a disaster!\" \"WHAT THE FUCK ELSE WOULD YOU CALL IT?! I WAS GOING TO GO THROUGH WITH IT HOLDEN! I WOULD'VE DONE IT! FOR YOU!\" He finds what he was looking for, cigarettes of course. He takes a small time out from yelling to light one up and I take this opportunity to say what I should've said a long time ago. \"I know and I love you for it. I love you Banky.\" That stops him in his tracks for a minute. He's just standing there staring at the ground, slightly shaking his head, and taking the occasional puff of nicotine. I decide it's not enough to just tell him how I feel, I need to show him. However, I also don't want to act like a selfish dick again. I gotta do it right this time. He's too important to fuck this up. So I'll take it slow. As I walk towards him I say it again, \"I love you.\" He still won't look at me, but at least he starts to talk to me again. \"No you don't.\" I'm an arm's length away and I try to reach out to him, but he jerks away and starts to walk across the room again. \"Yes I do. Banky, I know I fucked up, and I'm sorry. I hurt you and I'm so sorry. But, if all this shit is what made me realize how I truly feel then I'm glad. Because I love you Banky. I lo-\" \"STOP SAYING THAT!\" He's staring straight at me now and his brown eyes are brimming with tears. \"YOU WERE GOING TO USE ME TO GET THAT DYKE TO TAKE YOU BACK NOT FIVE MINUTES AGO! THAT'S NOT LOVE!\" \"DAMNIT BANKY I WAS WRONG! OK, I WAS WRONG. BUT I'M TRYING TO MAKE THINGS RIGHT…FUCK BANKY I CHOSE YOU! IF I TRULY WANTED THE 'DYKE' I COULD'VE HAD HER, BUT I DON'T! I WANT YOU!\" \"YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE DONE THAT!\" The tears are flowing freely down his face and I'm too confused to respond. 'Shouldn't have done that' ? Those words make no sense. Of course I should have. Fuck, I should've done it ages ago. How could me finally realizing just how deep my love for him goes upset him like this? As if he's a mind reader he begins to answer me. No longer yelling, but speaking through the tears in a sad defeated voice. I prefer the yelling. \"It would be one thing if you had got tired of her bullshit on your own. But to...give her up. To choose me over her? When I know what she meant to you. How happy she made you. You were so close to that fucking fairy tale happy ending, that I know you've wanted your whole life. And you gave it all up. For a closeted fuck, who doesn't have a damn clue of how to make you half as happy as you make him. Who has to follow the legacy that will always be Alyssa fucking Jones. It's too much pressure in an already fucked up beyond belief situation. How the hell can anyone even begin to live up to that?! HOW?! I know I can't. It's just too much. All of this is just too fucked up and I can't handle it. I'm sorry Holden, but I just can't deal with this. I gotta get out of here.\" He's beyond crying now, but I can't seem to care. All I care about in that whole fucking tirade is, 'I gotta get out of here' They way he said it sounded so...final. Is he planning on leaving? He can't be! But there he goes, into his room and slams the door shut behind him. Out of nowhere this large lump appears in my throat and I try to call out to him, but nothing comes out. I start rubbing my face with my hands in an attempt to make the tears stop. I'm trying to stop my mind from racing, trying to stop the panic that's building up inside me. He can't leave. I can't lose him. I can't.[Chapter 3] Get a grip Holden. He hasn't left yet, so get a hold of yourself! He's surely in there packing a bag and will be ready to leave in a few minutes. I wonder where he'll go. Hooper's probably. Wait, no. NO! It's not over yet. It doesn't have to end like this. And I'll be damned if I'm just going to watch him walk out of my life. I go to the sink to get myself together. I wipe my face with a paper towel, drink a glass of water, and try to think of what to say to Banky. Then I decide, fuck it. It's not like anything I plan works out anyway, so I might as well just go with what my gut tells me. And right now it's telling me to get my ass in Banky's room. I don't bother knocking. Banky's sitting on his bed with a duffle bag full of clothes next to him and seeing that just makes me lose it. \"I'M FUCKING IN LOVE WITH YOU!\" Banky doesn't say anything. He doesn't react at all. He just stares up at me with an exhausted look on his face. Like he doesn't even care. Well, I do. I fucking care a lot. \"I've never lied to you Banky and I'm not about to start now. It hurt to imagine a life without her. It hurt a lot. At first. Then all I could see was a life with you. And it was good. Really fucking good. Then I tried to imagine a life without you and I wouldn't say that it hurt at all. No, a more apt description is that it almost killed me. It was like suddenly all the air left the room. So there wasn't anything to mull over, no pros and cons to consider. It was simple. A life without you isn't an option.\" I stop to give him a chance to respond. He doesn't. But he's not walking out the door either. I choose to focus on that as I sit next to him. \"I know you're scared. I am too. This is new to both of us, to say the least. But it's us Banky. It's you and it's me. I know we can make this work. I'm begging you Banky, please don't give up on me. I know I've messed up. Not just with tonight, but for taking you for granted. For avoiding this thing between us for far too long. I fucked up royally and I know I don't deserve it, but I'm asking anyway. Please, give me the chance to spend the rest of my life making it up to you.\" I reach out to him and this time he doesn't pull away. I place my hand on the side of his face and pull his forehead to mine. I can feel him tense up a bit, so I move my hand to the back of his head and start to run my fingers through his hair. He's not pulling away! For the first time in what feels like forever I smile. It's a small smile, but a smile none the less. I can feel him begin to relax and that's when he starts to speak. \"Holden?\" \"Yeah?\" \"There's still something that I haven't told you yet, and I need to.\" I'm careful not to let it show, but all I can think is, 'What now?!' We're finally so close to making progress. To taking our relationship to the next level. To looking forward and never looking back. His lips are finally only a breath away. I'm tired of the tears, the yelling, and the fear that he'll decide we're not worth all this trouble after all. I'm just so fucking tired. But, I just promised to make up for all my fuck ups and I meant it. Listening to him bare his soul to me is hardly any trouble, it's a privilege. So, whatever it is I know that I can handle it. That we can handle it. I pull back and hold his face in my hands, because I want him to see me clearly as I say this. \"What is it Banky? Whatever it is please know that we can get through it. I promise. Together I know we can do anything.\" At this he smiles. A true big Banky smile and I fall in love with him even more. \"I just need to tell you that I love you too, Holden. I love you too.\" ","Summary":" \"No.\" I couldn't believe my ears. No?! After everything and everyone she's done in her life she s"},{"Movie":"Amelie","Title":"Amelie","Author":"Terfle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11422109","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She's red of skirt and fair of face Picks up memories and starts the chase. Curious eyes like a French Snow White Unsuspecting Prince enters stage far right. She meddles and guides with intent to teach But a true love life is just out of reach. Listen to the man with the thin glass bones Serenity and contentment could be hers to own. If only she'd stop playing around with that goddamn gnome. ","Summary":" She's red of skirt and fair of face Picks up memories and starts the chase. Curious eyes like a Fre"},{"Movie":"Amelie","Title":"Flashlight Friendship","Author":"eya","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2074488","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Amelie, being an onlynchild, had no playmates when she was young. Her parents, her dadnparticularly, was overprotective of her that she missed out on muchnof her childhood. She spent time flashing a signal using hernflashlight by her window at night, with hopes that someone wouldndecipher them. Nino, on the othernhand, had too many playmates. He experienced much in his childhood—henspent hours in the wastebasket and was not able to get out until hisnteacher found him; he was mocked and laughed at by practicallyneveryone in his class. He longed for one true friend and so he sentnout messages in the night, just in case somebody was gazing out. One night, while Amelienwas pretending that she's performing a surgical operation on hernold teddy bear in her bedroom, her make-believe scalpel fell off hernbed. She scrambled to retrieve it as it rolled down her bedroom floornuntil it reached the wall where the window was. As she was getting upnafter picking her \"scalpel\", she bumped her head on thenwindowsill. She cried out a loud \"Ouch!\"—in French, ofncourse—and then massaged her head while bad-mouthing the protrudingnwindowsill. It was at that momentnthat she noticed something flashing at a distance. She gasped, \"Somebodynis sending me a message!\" and so her teddy bear operation wasnforgotten as she concentrated on deciphering the message from thendistance. \"Oh, that's an H-I!nThat's one word, HI!\" she exclaimed—excited and proud that shenhad understood the message. \"I'm gonna send onenback! Here.. H-E-L-L-O T-H-E-R-E.\" And so, at last, theynfound each other. But what happens now? Find out in the next chapter! ","Summary":" Amelie, being an onlynchild, had no playmates when she was young. Her parents, her dadnparticularly"},{"Movie":"Amelie","Title":"Lembrança","Author":"Flecha Estelar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12906342","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nino corria rua abaixo alegre, meio sujo de lama descontroladamente, mais uma vez fugia de uma confusão qualquer. Até que foi parando aos poucos prestando atenção numa garota do outro lado da calçada, de cabelos negros e curtos que parecia de uma atriz que havia visto uma vez. Mas seu pai disse que os filmes dela não eram para crianças ou sequer para garotos. Nino obseravara que ela estava com uma câmera não muito nova. \"Deve ser de segunda mão\" pensou ele. E tentou entender o que ela estava fazendo. Aparentava... não! Ela estava tirando fotografias do céu. E se perguntou da razão por ela estar tão feliz com um dia simples de verão na frança. - Porquê ela ri tanto? - murmurou subindo na calçada a observando sorrateiramente do outro lado. E olhou para céu. Logo de cara entendeu a situação. As nuvens tinham um formarto... diferente. Figuras, animais e entre outras coisas. Também sorriu. Estava acostumado com aquela visão no seu dia a dia e no início tentou mostrar aquilo para alguém. Seu pai era desacreditado e sua mãe, sempre ocupada mas carinhosa. Sempre concordava com ele e nunca perguntava nem mais nem menos. O que o entrestecia. Quase não tinha amigos. Já estava acostumado e no final a maioria dos garotos chamava-o de louco. Mas sua professora o chamou de algo que o intrigou \"Você é um sonhador!\" Em sua pequena cabeça, Nino achava que sonhadores eram pessoas loucas e que viam, ou até inventavam coisas que muita gente não vê. Mas com o tempo esqueçeu-se. Lembrou-se dos desentendimentos em casa e na escola por ter pensamentos e ideias diferente e ter outros interesses, como observar as pedras de diferentes tamanhos se completarem num muro velho perto de casa, ou os diversos formatos que uma mesma fruta poderia lhe fornecer. Principalmente morangos. Vira que a menina do outro lado da rua usava vermelho com pequenos detalhes brancos. Se perguntou quantas bolinhas vermelhas poderiam ter no casaco dela. Depois de um tempo, ouviu o grito de uma mulher chamando-a para dentro de casa. Se perguntou da razão por não ter se aproximado e perguntar o nome dela. Por mais que já saiba agora, poderia ter perguntado e talvez tivesse virado amigo dela. Sempre desejara uma irmã ao seu lado para falar e discutir suas ideias e interesses, mas seus pais já estavam satisfeitos com Nino e não pensavam em aumentar a família. Talvez ela fosse nova no bairro, pois nunca a tinha visto ou a vira em lugar algum. \"Hum, em que escola será que ela está?\" Se peguntou. E foi se demorando na calçada pensando na garota de cabelos curtos que usava vermelho. Nino se sentiu encabulado pela primeira vez em seus 8 anos, nunca pensou numa garota com tanto curiosidade. Afinal, elas nunca o interessavam. Sempre o chamavam de esquisito ou estranho e se afastavam dele. O tempo passou e acabou esquecendo o nome dela. Ficou tentanto quebrar a cabeça para lembrá-la. Até mesmo de seu rosto que devia ter mudado um pouco... Com que letra começava? \"A ou C ou... esqueçe isso!\" E a esqueçeu quase por completo. Depois veio uma época difícil para o garoto. Como era diferente e tinha seu jeito próprio de pensar, sempre trabalhou em diversos lugares, de formas inusitadas. Como guarda noturno ou até mesmo de papai noel no natal. Logo uma amiga o ajudou, por mais que o trabalho não seje lá essas coisas, aceitara. A loja de artigos eróticos não incomodava o rapaz, ou sequer o interessava. Ficava mais excitado com uma pintura mal pintada numa parede qualquer do que aquilo tudo a sua volta. Até que também arranjou um emprego num parque de diversões que havia sido aberto há algum tempo. E assim sua rotina continua firme... até que perdera seu precioso álbum que estava trabalhando nele há um bom tempo. Depois de 2 meses dos acontecimentos recentes, Nino não se sentia tão só como sua mãe havia dito. Seu primeiro e único relacionamento sério com uma pessoa que o entendia bem, e muito bem por sinal, o fazia sentir muito bem. Nino se sentia feliz por ter caído nos jogos meticulosos da morena, que o surprieendeu. Não esperava que havia alguém assim em muitas pessoas que havia visto no parque. O casal que havia saído para fazer compras, voltaram ao apartamento dela, onde Nino ajudaria Amélie em seu famoso bolo de passas que ele tanto ouvira falar. Ambos tinham uma relação ótima e sempre conversavam, terminando em alguns beijos e sorrisos. Nino que havia se sentado no sofá depois de lavar a louça para ela, vira a sua frente um objeto estranhamente familiar. Se levantou e olhou para a cozinha, para ver se ela ainda estava ocupada terminando de ajeitar o fogão, e olhou com curiosidade a pequena câmera vermelha que aparentava estar gasta mas muito bem conservada. Amélie que retirava o avental sujo de farinha da cintura, pondo-o numa cadeira próxima observando o namorado com um sorriso a câmera antiga, aproximou-se dele e apoiou sua cabeça no longo braço dele o abraçando por trás. - Essa câmera... - sussurou ele. - Hum? - Eu acho que a vi em algum lugar, era... - disse se interrompendo e lembrando-se do passado e algumas coisas. - O que houve? - Perguntou ela o olhando com curiosidade. - Você... onde conseguiu ela? - Perguntou se virando para ela meio ansioso. - Meu pai me deu quando eu tinha 8 anos. Quando ela dissera aquilo a verdade veio a tona para ele. Ele observou seus cabelos novamente e suas roupas. Tudo se encaixava. - Era você... - Disse apontando seu dedo indicador de forma confusa. Ela o olhou com dúvida. - Era você que tirava fotos das nuvens, e usava sempre vermelho? Ele peguntava com admiração. Um rubor violento atingiu Amélie fazendo-a se afastar dele um pouco enquanto desviava o olhar. Ela se perguntava de como ele sabia daquilo. E aquela reação respondeu a pergunta dele. Nino se aproximou e se abaixou para abraçá-la. - Eu vi um dia, você tirando fotos do céu. E não tive coragem de falar com você... - Dizia. Amélie não conseguia dizer nada. Queria, mas não conseguia expressar com palavras. A garota sorriu para ele. Nino não era tão alto. Ela quase o alcançava por completo. O loiro só queria assimilar que aquela garota que havia visto há tantos anos estava ali na sua frente sem saber desde agora. Amélie o abraçou carinhosamente ainda ruborizada. - Era você o tempo todo... eu nem acredito. Amélie estava tão supresa que alguém havia reparado no que ela fazia quando criança, que tudo o que lembrava daquela época era as reclamações dos vizinhos, e os olhares dos outros. Então apareceu Nino que a olhava com admiração. Até que a morena sentiu o bolo começar a cheirar pelo apartamento. Nino se recompôs e pôs de volta a câmara no lugar na cômoda. Ele a beijou carinhosamente com todo o cuidado. Fazendo ela retribuir da mesma forma. ","Summary":" Nino corria rua abaixo alegre, meio sujo de lama descontroladamente, mais uma vez fugia de uma conf"},{"Movie":"Amelie","Title":"Une histoire du bonheur","Author":"Renuka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5475120","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is a story I wrote as a culture assignment for my French class after watching Amélie . I know it's a little corny, but I figured I'd share it here anyway. The French isn't perfect, but I think it gets the idea across if you know French. If you don't, there's always online translaters. Please review. Disclaimer: I do not own Amélie or its characters. On the twenty-third of July, 1998, at exactly four forty-six PM, a dog barks at seventy six decibels, waking the six-month-old baby of Madame Bonnent from its nap. Moments later, in a café in Paris, a waiter spills an order of two sodas and an Orangina. At the same time, a euro coin falls from the pocket of a man riding a bicycle onto the Rue Mornay. The coin sits unnoticed approximately one-tenth of a kilometer from the Cannal Saint-Martin, where Amélie Poulain is skipping stones. Amélie watched as the last stone she had in her pocket sailed through the air and onto the water of the canal. It bounced of its surface three times before plunging under. Content, Amélie watched the ripples the stone created move outward, remaining concentric to the point where the stone had sank, and faded. She thought about everything that had happened to her in the past year, feeling her happiness swell. It had been nearly a year since she had met Nino Quincampiox. In the time she had known him, she had grown closer to him than she had to anyone else she had known. For the first time she didn't feel estranged from the rest of humanity, which was a pleasant change from the loneliness she had known from childhood. She began walking home, her cheerfulness translating into a bouncy gait that was nearly skipping. A smile was fixed onto her face, beaming out at the Parisians and tourists passing by on the streets. Most didn't seem to notice, but a few who did smiled back. The sense that she has done something good by making these people smile and share in her happiness adds to her pleasant feelings. Suddenly, she feels as though she is floating. All the way back to her apartment in the district of Montmarte she drifts, hardly noticing the busy city around her. At the small food stand outside her building, she stops to buy some fruit to eat with her dinner tonight. As she looks over the produce, deciding what she wants, she lightly dips her fingers into an open sack of grain. She enjoys feeling each of the small particles that press against her skin. \" Bonjour, \" Lucien greets her. He has been running the stand efficiently on his own since Mr. Collignon moved out of the city last September. \" Bonjour, \" Amélie replies, \" Donnez-moi deux figues, s'il vous plait. \" She watches with patient interest as Lucien carefully looks over the stock, selecting the two finest figs he can find. \" Tiens, \" he hands the fruit to her, wrapped neatly in a paper bag. \" Merci , Lucien.\" She takes the bag and walks over to the door of her building. Her plan is to call Nino before making dinner. She sets the bag of figs on the table. As she does, she hears the phone ring from its place on the sofa. After the second ring she has rushed into the living room. \" Allo? \" she says as she answers the phone. \" Allo, ma loutre, \" Nino's voice says over the receiver. Amélie still may not be anyone's little weasel, but she does enjoy being Nino's little otter. \" Ç a va, Nino?\" \" Bien. J'ai une surprise pour toi.\" \" Ah bon? Qu'est-ce c'est?\" \" Rencontreras moi à la gare à cinq heures et quart.\" \" D'accord. A plus tard.\" At exactly five-fifteen, Amélie walks into the same train station where she had first seen Nino searching for the torn fragments of discarded photos to add to his album. It was a quirk of his she found endearing, though she knew some considered Nino's choice of collection bizarre. She headed over to the photo booth now, expecting this to be the place Nino would be. Strangely, when she arrived there, she didn't find her boyfriend searching under the booth as she had expected. The area was void of people. Puzzled, she turned to leave, deciding to wait for Nino back at the entrance. As she walked away, she heard a sound behind her. Amélie turned and saw the space behind the photo booth's curtain briefly illuminated with the flash of the camera. She walked over and peaked at the strip of photos that slid from the outer slot of the booth. With a pleasant amount of surprise, she noted that the picture was of Nino. She picked up the paper. As she looked closer, she noticed the photo showed Nino holding up a small sign. Another strip of photos was produced from the slot. Amelie lifted this one and read the single word that was printed on the second sign. She held her breath as two more sets of photos slid out, identical but for the words on the sign Nino held in each. The four words of the four signs in the four sets of pictures were before her now, spelling out one question: Voulez-vous épouser moi? A gasp escapes Amélie's lips. She pulls back the curtain to find Nino, not holding a sign this time, but a small black box, opened to reveal a ring. A smile much bigger than the one she had worn earlier that day walking home spreads across her face. Her heart pounds excitedly in her chest. Elated, she answers in the affirmative. As she does, Nino leaps up from his seat inside the photo booth. At precisely five-twenty-one, they kiss in an empty section of a train station near an old photo booth. That same moment, a business man was running to catch his five-twenty train, hopping it hadn't left yet. If he had slowed down enough to glance over at the photo booth, he would have noticed something much more amazing than an over-grown camera. He would have seen two people in love sharing one of the happiest moments of their lives. ","Summary":" A/N: This is a story I wrote as a culture assignment for my French class after watching Amélie . I "},{"Movie":"Amelie","Title":"Nino","Author":"Griffinn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5936797","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Amelié es una película de Jean-Pierre Jeunet. Las frases en cursiva son aquellas en en que habla Amelié. Todos los lugares de París mencionados en el fic son reales, independientemente de la función que tengan algunos. La cafetería Café des 2 Moulins y el sex-shop donde trabaja Nino son los que aparecen en las películas. El 3 de marzo de 1973, a las catorce horas y treinta y dos minutos, una rosa abre su capullo y muestra sus espléndidos pétalos rojos a una temprana primavera. En ese mismo momento, una pareja se da un beso bajo la torre Eiffel de París, al igual que que en la otra punta de la ciudad, Isabelle Deroux fervientemente cose su nuevo vestido. A esa misma hora, Albert Quincampoix deja embarazada a su mujer, Nina Quincampoix, apellido de soltera Clavel. El padre de Nino, el señor Quincampoix era un fotógrafo que regentaba una pequeña tienda de revelado en la Rue de Rivoli . A Albert Quincampoix le desagradan las fotos mal reveladas, los fotomatones y la gente que grita. Por otra parte, adora la fotografía, las cámaras antiguas y los edificio altos. La madre de Nino, la señora Nina Clavel, es una mujer vivaracha. Trabaja como enfermera en el hospital Necker Enfants Malades de París, cuidando niños enfermos. A Nino a veces le gusta visitar a su madre y hablar con los niños del hospital. Nina es una mujer muy alegre, que sueña con poder viajar por todo el mundo, aunque su amor por Albert es suficiente como para hacer que se quede en París. Debido al amor y el cariño que sus padres le profesan, Nino creció feliz durante su infancia, aunque con algunos peros. Por las mañanas iba a la escuela Arènes de Lutèce , donde por desgracia se prueba que los niños son muy crueles. A pesar de ello, cuando el día acaba y Nino vuelve a casa, es feliz. Junto a su padre, le ayuda en el revelado de fotografías, descubriendo el misterioso arte de las imágenes atrapadas por la cámara. Y junto a su madre, tras volver del hospital, la ayuda a cocinar para su padre. Nino no tiene muchos amigos. Quizás el único conocido es George, un niño enfermo con el que juega a las cartas. George tiene cáncer desde una temprana edad, y aunque es muy feliz, a Nino se le hace raro verle totalmente calvo y pálido. Pero por desgracia no todo dura para siempre, y George murió muy joven. Y Nino se había quedado sin su amigo. Y un día, la desgracia llegó para Nino. Una noche, los padre de Nino, durante su cena de aniversario, sufren un terrible accidente, y Nino ha de irse a vivir a un orfanato hasta que sea lo bastante mayor como para irse. Pasan los días, las semanas, los meses y los años. Cinco años después, Nino deja el orfanato, ya que tiene la edad necesaria para vivir solo. Días después, acepta un trabajo como guardia nocturno, y ahí despierta su afición fotografiando pisadas en el cemento, hasta que conoce a Eva mientras trabajaba de Papá Noel en unos grandes almacenes, y esta le ofrece un empleo con un sueldo asequible en un sex-shop llamado Palace Video . Únicamente los miércoles, Nino se va a trabajar al parque de atracciones de París, en el túnel del terror. Entre sus aficiones, a Nino le encanta coleccionar risas y buscar entre los fotomatones de la ciudad para recoger los restos de fotografías que la gente desecha para luego pegarlas en su álbum de fotografías El 30 de agosto de 1997 la vida de Nino iba a dar un giro radical. Mientras rebuscaba y tarareaba por debajo de una máquina de fotomatón, Nino vio a la que para él era la mujer más hermosa que hubiese podido haber visto. De pelo negro, corto. Llevaba un vestido rojo y una chaqueta marrón, con unas botas negras que nada conjuntaban. Ambos se miraron durante un momento, totalmente mudos, pero ella se marchó, y Nino no hizo más caso a aquello. No hasta días después, cuando en otro fotomatón de otra estación de trenes de París, la volvió a ver. Hasta juraría que podía ver latir su corazón, pero Nino, despistado pronto dejó de hacer caso y corrió hasta un hombre al que llamaba a gritos, pero de el que este no hacía caso. En su infructuoso intento, Nino había perdido su álbum de fotos que por suerte Amelié encontró. Nino estaba destrozado. Ese álbum era todo lo que tenía, era como una novia que siempre estaría con él. Si Nino no lo volvía a encontrar, sería horrible. Por suerte Nino volvió a encontrarlo gracias a una muchacha, la misma muchacha que conoció en la estación de tren. Amelié. Y después… ¡todo! Los encuentros, los amigos, el encuentro final, la noche juntos… Eran uno: Nino y Amelié, Amelié y Nino. Juntos los dos… Han pasado dos años, y volvemos a retomar a Nino y Amelié donde los habíamos dejado, solo que ahora hay uno más: el pequeño Raymond, de tan sólo un mes. SU nombre es en honor al Hombre Cristal, fallecido el año anterior. Raymond es sólo un bebé, pero le encanta estar en los brazos de su padre mientras su madre le canta una canción. Y él sonríe. Después de comer, los tres salen a la calle. Tras una previa visita al Café des 2 Moulins , para que todos puedan ver un día más al pequeño Raymond, la pareja y su hija va hasta los Campos Elíseos para pasear. Y es un paseo muy largo, pero no les importa. Y cuando cae la noche, los tres llegan a casa, y Amelié prepara la cena. Nino baja hasta la frutería de Collignon, donde le pide a Lucien que le de un poco de canela en rama, pues Amelié va a ser su famoso pastel de ciruelas. Ese que Nino y Raymond adoran. Y cuando llega, Raymon está en su parque, jugando. Ve a papá y alza los brazos. Quiere que le coja. Y Nino así lo hace, llevándole hasta la puerta de la cocina, donde suavemente mueve la cortina, haciendo que Amelié salga sonriendo. Y Raymond se rié en los brazos de su padre, quien lo acuna, y Amelié canta… Y todos son felices. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Amelié es una película de Jean-Pierre Jeunet. Las frases en cursiva son aquellas en en "},{"Movie":"Amelie","Title":"Short one","Author":"Inuboyy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7416856","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hana heaved a relieved sigh. Finally, the day was over and she was free to leave. The next day was Sunday, which meant 24 hours of doing nothing but relax. She quickly changed from her maid uniform and came out into the open night sky. It was a full moon night and the sidewalk street was lit up by streetlamps as she walked home. Everything was surprisingly quiet. Hana felt a pang of sadness and worry shoot through her. Hero hadn't waited for her to finish her work like he usually did. Did something happen to him, or was he suddenly not interested in her anymore? It made sense- after all, she was poor and all she did was yell and hit him anyway. She kept on walking, thinking about him. Damn that showoff! Now he couldn't even stay out of her thoughts? Was she that dependant on him? Keep away…distract yourself ….her mind cried, but his smirking face would keep on coming back to her mind. Then a distraction came. She could hear distant yells and the voice of some people laughing ruthlessly. It came from down an alleyway, she was sure it was one of those rowdy boy-gangs picking on some helpless pedestrian again and she fastened her pace, walking towards the alleyway with no fear. It wasn't until she saw a crowd of well-dressed high-school boys surrounding someone she couldn't see that she stopped. A familiar voice said \"And you're Hana's boyfriend, aren't you…? She froze. The voice was undoubtedly Ryu Shiro's, and he'd said \"Hana's boyfriend\", so the one they'd be surrounding must be…. \"Hero!\" she cried. Shiro turned and looked at Hana with his piercing eyes and smirked \"Ah….the sweet little hana is here to save the day!\" Now that Shiro had moved, she could see Hero standing there, his face unmistakably handsome- only now he supported a deep purple bruise on his left cheek. He looked at Hana and sighed \"You're so troublesome, my Hana\" he mumbled \"Always in the wrong place at the wrong time.\" \"Wha-what do you mean? They hit you!\" she cried indignantly. Hero smiled and leaned back coolly against the wall- Hana caught his ever so slight wince and knew he was in pain- and said \"Well, I figured since they were plotting on taking you on while you came out of your office in that beautiful, revealing dress, I had to do something as your boyfriend.\" She gritted her teeth, slightly pink, and turned around with her fist raised to punch Shiro but he caught her wrist and pulled her towards him. He grinned and lowered his head, his lips almost touching hers and a death grip on her waist when came Hero's quiet growl \"Very wrong move, Shiro.\" And out of nowhere came a fist and knocked Shiro out cold. \"He-Hero..\" Hana stuttered, looking up at the blonde boy who pulled her tightly against his chest, smiling (and slightly wincing), and saying \"Yep. You are just so troublesome.\" She went red. \"You will not get away after hitting our president like that!\" the horde of Shiro high School boys advanced onto the two. Hero smirked \"It seems, my Hana, that we'll have to kick some major ass.\" Hana smirked back \"I agree whole-heartedly…\" XXX The streetlight flickered onto the sidewalk as two people walked on the lonely street. It was dark and the clock was striking ten. Hana helped Hero to walk, his right arm was around her neck and she put her left arm behind his back to support him. \"Hero, you idiot.\" She hissed, panting. \"Are you tired?\" he asked, worry flashing across his green eyes \"Let's sit sown for a while, come on-\" She helped him onto the bench that stood directly under the streetlamp, and then sat down next to him. He was breathing heavily, extremely bruised and felt hot: literally hot. She was sure he had developed fever. Although they had been able to defeat those Shiro high School boys, he hadn't been able to go unharmed. Hana looked down at the ground guiltily. It was her fault again. Every time someone would advance on her to punch or hurt her, Hero would shield her and take the hit himself so she could be safe. It was as if Hero was the one who saved her day all the time. He sat there right now, bruises all over him and a limp in his right ankle. It was all her fault. \"Hero..I-I'm so- so sorry..and-\"she mumbled, choking on tears.\"-and - thank-you..\" She was answered with a soft moan. She looked up at him to find his eyes closed and head nodding off. \"H-Hero..get up! I-I'll take you back to-to your place, you shouldn't- I can't- but I-\" she stammered helplessly, but his head nodded off and he fell on her shoulder softly, breathing deeply. His hot breath fell on her arm and he had a possessive arm around her clumsily. She smiled as she watched his lips turn into a comical 'O' shape. His blonde hair swayed to the breeze gently, and he let out a small snore. She laughed, and gazed at him, eyes softened. \"You know what- on second thoughts, let's just stay like this for sometime…\" XXX ","Summary":" Hana heaved a relieved sigh. Finally, the day was over and she was free to leave. The next day was "},{"Movie":"Amelie","Title":"déjeuner du matin","Author":"sheisawhirlwind","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10504637","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A series of \"morning after\"'s for one of my all-time favorite couples; the first is the actual morning after the end of the movie. Inspired by the poem Déjeuner du Matin by Jacques Prevert. / / / Il a mis le café Dans la tasse Il a mis le lait Dans la tasse de café Il a mis le sucre Dans le café au lait (Il a ramassé les grains de sucre sur la table avec son doigt) Avec la petite cuiller Il a tourné Il a bu le café au lait Et il a reposé la tasse Et il commence me parler: \"Good morning,\" Nino smiles at Amelie from his cup of coffee. \"Hope you don't mind that I helped myself to the kitchen.\" Amelie stands in the doorframe, clutching the beaded curtain, and replies, \"Not at all.\" She walks to him with confident strides (\" Go and get him, for Pete's sake!\" ) and asks, \"May I?\" He nods, bemused - and she sits herself on his lap. Amelie takes a sip of his coffee, warming her hands with the ceramic. He laughs softly and presses a butterfly kiss to the back of her neck. Amelie smiles from their cup of coffee. Then, she puts it down, turns and whispers, \"I was about to make some of my world-famous plum-cake last night. Should we make some?\" Nino takes her hand. \"How did you know that I love cake the morning after?\" he grins. / / / Il a allumé Une cigarette Il a fait des ronds Avec la fumée Il a mis les cendres Dans le cendrier Sans me parler Mais il me regarde toujours: Nino thinks that it's ironic that Amelie's father thought that she had a heart defect, but he was the one who would have a heart attack. It was really mild, and he'd been visiting a responsible old army friend, but still. Amelie couldn't and wouldn't sleep until Nino put their favorite record on and kissed her softly: on the corner of her mouth, her jugular, and her eyelid. One, two, three. To remind her that he was there, despite all the things that threatened her optimism towards life. So, after only a couple hours' \"rest\", Nino makes sure she gets out of bed and makes her some pain perdu. Nino needs to be strong for Amelie but today he's shaking. He needs to get rid of stress when it all seems to fester inside his chest. So to his camel coat he goes, and he lights a cigarette after he finishes eating and she drinks some tea. Deep inhale, exhale. Repeat. Before Amelie, he'd stare off into the distant sky and count the corners of buildings - now, he just sits across from her and looks at her to find a little bit of peace. Her hair is mussed from sleep and there's a faint pillow mark on the pale skin of her collarbone. Amelie is the one now looking out into the distance - perhaps counting the points on her plants' leaves, or the visible scuffs on M. Dufayel's wall. She taps her fork against her breakfast plate absently. Amelie is still wearing her pajamas - which is one of Nino's old and worn shirts that has a huge wine stain. Nino is dreamer and a bit of clothes-hoarder, and was never really planning on wearing that shirt again. Amelie, therefore, got to keep it when she decided the stain looked like a firework. Nino sees an eyelash on her pretty porcelain cheek, and automatically leans across the table to take it off gently with his thumb. That interrupts her worried reverie - and her dark, dark, beautiful eyes all of a sudden are focused right on him. Of course, he kisses her. Then he offers the eyelash on his thumb, and whispers, \"Make a wish.\" / / / They're sitting on the couch, curled up into each other. The smoke from his cigarette looks like ripped wisps of cotton in the gray morning light. Amelie wishes aloud that one could pluck smoke from the air and spin it into thread. \"It would make lovely dresses and scarves, I think. Nino, imagine blowing your nose into a handkerchief made of smoke!\" Nino laughs. A pair of dreamers, everyone calls them. His eyes bright, he joins in, pondering, \"What if you could spin cotton candy into thread, too?\" \"Nino, that'd just be sugar thread.\" \"Precisely. No one's done that before, I don't think.\" \"It'd melt onto your skin.\" Amelie makes a dreamy face. While she has a boyfriend, Amelie still likes the simple pleasures of life. Then something dawns her - and she grins wolfishly. \"You'd be so sticky, why, I'd have to lick you clean…\" Nino raises his eyebrows and slowly shakes off the ashen bits of cigarette into the ashtray. When Amelie's hands dance across his chest and her eyes light up, dark and sparkling, his half-finished cigarette gets tossed into the ashtray too, forgotten. / / / \"Why do you smoke?\" Amelie asks, her voice soft like wisps of cotton in the gray morning light. \"To look cool. But also to forget about wanting to look cool.\" \"...how does smoking help you forget?\" \"The shapes.\" Nino blows a slow stream of smoke out. He pauses and watches it fade, then asks her, \"Was that a pear, or an evergreen tree?\" \"Beats me,\" Amelie laughs. \"Well, then we'd better try again.\" Maybe, he'll impress her with his smoke rings. / / / Nous nous sommes levés Nous avons mis Nos chapeaus sur nos têtes Nous avons mis nos manteaus de pluie Parce qu'il pleuvait Et nous sommes partis Sous la pluie Sans une parole Mais nous nous regardons toujours: It's one of those days where Amelie just wants Nino to understand so she just looks at him, almost pleadingly. Sometimes, Amelie just doesn't feel like words can help. It's a rainy Sunday morning. (Their anniversary is coming up - Nino wants to do something special for her, so he's been working a lot this week. She has, too, but neither of them mention it.) After breakfast Amelie quickly takes their plates and washes them, instead of letting Nino wash his own like he likes to. \"Amelie, is there something wrong..?\" Nino touches her shoulder, but she just turns and looks at him. Nino understands. He helps to tidy the kitchen while she washes the dishes. Then she tosses him his hat and his camel coat - and they're off, into the rain, hands held tight. / / / They walk quickly and quietly. Her hand in his, Amelie pulls them both along, but it's as though she is searching for a new direction, not a destination. The pair walks past the train station, past the Two Windmills, past the dam. Eventually, they stop in front of a puddle in the middle of the cobblestone streets. Amelie looks down at their blurred reflections. \"Are you ever afraid for no reason?\" she asks. Nino thinks about being taunted and thrown around as a child, masturbating for the first time, big spiders, smelly priests, and chasing a mystery girl who he was beginning to love around Paris. Firmly, he says, \"Yes.\" She replies, only looking at the puddle, \"I am afraid that I am not the one for you, sometimes. Because I don't know things, or forget to say things. I am far from perfect.\" Amelie squeezes Nino's hand tight and bites her lip. He returns the squeeze and reminds her, \"Neither am I. I let opportunities pass me by and I forget things too - \" \"But why am I like that?\" Amelie asks, smiling bitterly. \"I live inside my head too much still. I'm scared to let you in to see the dirty parts of me.\" Nino wiggles his eyebrows and murmurs, \"I think I've seen the dirty parts of you...\" but when Amelie harrumphs, blushing, he nuzzles his head into her shoulder and says, quietly and confidently, \"No one is perfect, but you are the girl of my dreams, Amelie. I want you to be happy because you make me happy. I...I love you.\" Amelie turns from the puddle and looks at him at last. She whispers, \"I love you, too.\" / / / Et moi j'ai pris Ma tête dans ma main Et j'ai souri. ","Summary":" A series of \"morning after\"'s for one of my all-time favorite couples; the first is the actual mo"},{"Movie":"Amelie","Title":"Arsenic","Author":"Samantha Arsenic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3165255","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AnGirl Named Arsenic ChapternOne: Getting To Know The Family Wednesday,nJanuary 15 was a cloudy day and the skies were as gray as yourngreat-grandmother's wool vest that you hate so much. On this day anchild was born, but not just any child, a girl child. Her parentsnloved her very much but were profoundly illiterate and so theynsearched the dictionary for her name. Her father, Augustus ClivenJames Grayson the third, who dropped out of high school and became ancareer newspaper deliverer, wanted to name her Emulate. But since thenchild was just born and had no reason to feel the need to strive tonexcel in anything, other than refusing to cry, she was not namednEmulate. Also, her mother, Antoinette Christine Marie Grayson, whonhad a severe case of ADHD that prevented her from having a job that'dnhold her attention for more than ten seconds, didn't particularlynfancy the name and divorced her father on the spot, only to re-marrynhim five minutes later. But back to the child's name. Her mother,nin her profound wisdom (or lack there of) decided that the best namenfor the child was Arsenic. So the baby was thusly named. Asna child, growing up in modern day Needles, California; Arsenicnenjoyed many things. Some of her likes included, but were far fromnlimited to, small fluffy ducks, trees during autumn, the smell ofnfreshly baked bread, the sky when it threatened to rain cats andndogs, and cookies. God how the girl loved cookies. Her dislikesnincluded rainbows, sunshine, fluffy kittens and puppies, boys, andnpenguins. Satan how the girl hated boys. Hernparents' likes and dislikes are irrelevant, but I'll tell younanyway. Her mother was a fearful kind of person who didn't enjoyngoing out of the house, but rather enjoyed making up games andnfriends, and doing crafts. If Arsenic were to bring even a singlenleaf in from the outdoors, her mother would go ballistic and rampage,nlike your great Aunt Gertrude did when you spilled that coca syrup onnher white couch, it was horrible. Hernfather was the exact opposite of her mother, preferring to sleep outndoors under the stars, rather than set foot inside a house. He didn'tnenjoy games, invisible friends or crafts, but instead found joy inneducating little Arsenic in the subject of newspaper selling. It'snstill a mystery as to how the two of them ever managed to conceivenlittle Arsenic; it probably has something to do with the back doorwaynand a really good privacy fence. ","Summary":" AnGirl Named Arsenic ChapternOne: Getting To Know The Family Wednesday,nJanuary 15 was a cloudy day"},{"Movie":"Amelie","Title":"A riddle of character  Amélie","Author":"JaneXme","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7588229","Passage":"[Chapter 1] These riddles (the others are on my profile (duh)) are meant to be read all bundled up on a page by friends at school, where there are no hints provided by a category in which they belong. On fanfiction, were everything must be categorised, there is not much fun in guessing and cracking your brains for them. These are just for fun. Disclaimer: I do not own Paris, France, The awesome stairs in that awesome scene, Amélie, Amélie Poulain, a heart condition (luckily), the blind man, the old man, the other old and fragile man, the old and cranky man, the young and slightly weird man, the vegetables, a bike –oh wait, I do, a painting, another painting, nor another painting or another painting, nor copies of that painting, nor anything else related. I had a heart condition, a suïcidal fish I gave a man his childhood I made a blind man see My love loves me as well ","Summary":" These riddles (the others are on my profile (duh)) are meant to be read all bundled up on a page by"},{"Movie":"Amelie","Title":"Sunsets","Author":"dresdendollontheprowl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5193730","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 'Where does the sun go at night? I've always wondered...like where the grass goes during the winter or how the fireflies stay lit. It's silly, I know…I could just look it up in a science book and there it would be…but…when I was a little girl I'd try to catch the sun. When the sun would set, I'd run out of the house and as far as I could before my maman would call me in. Do you think it's silly, Nino?' Nino hopped onto his bike and stared off into the setting sun. ' Allons-y ,' Nino whispered as he held out his hand. *Allons-y-Let's go.(If this is wrong, I'm sorry. I dont speak french...but I tried!) ","Summary":" 'Where does the sun go at night? I've always wondered...like where the grass goes during the winter"},{"Movie":"Amelie","Title":"la véritable histoire du Cachalot","Author":"ylg","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2645143","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titre : La véritable histoire du Cachalot Auteur : ylg Base : Le fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain Genre : minable tragédie Rating : PG / K+ Disclaimer : la famille Poulain au grand complet appartient à Jean-Pierre Jeunet. Le poisson rouge responsable de cette affaire n'était même pas à moi. Dédicace : à la mémoire de Maurice, qui s'est débocalé l'été dernier. rest in peace . Ou plus exactement, rest in pieces , puisqu'un sani-broyeur, ça doit pas faire du bien. C'est con, un poisson rouge... oOo Quand la petite se mit à hurler, Mme Amandine Poulain crut qu'une catastrophe était arrivée. Elle se précipita dans la cuisine, s'attendant à trouver une mare de sang, et par terre un couteau, de la vaisselle brisée, ou bien la marmite à confitures qui serait tombée… ce genre d'horreurs qu'on croit toujours que les enfants sauront éviter. Mais non, rien de tout cela. En fait, ce fut pire. Sur le carrelage se débattait le Cachalot. Le poisson faisait flap-flap en se tournant et se retournant à grands coups de queue, sautillant au hasard de tomette en tomette. Il semblait monté sur ressort et la fixait de ses yeux ronds noirs tout vides. Et la petite hurlait. Son rythme cardiaque avait doublé. Elle n'avait qu'une idée en tête : que ce bruit affreux cesse. Oh, pas seulement les glapissements de sa fille, le bruit mou des nageoires sur le carrelage, aussi. Seulement, le spectacle l'avait figée sur place. Elle ne put qu'étrangler un cri pitoyable. Il lui fallut plusieurs secondes pour se remettre à penser de manière cohérente. Il fallait remettre la bestiole à l'eau, et vite. Mais comment ? elle ne pouvait même pas envisager de l'attraper à mains nues. La question ne se posa rapidement plus, puisqu'à force de gigoter, cet imbécile de poisson alla se fourrer sous le lave-linge. Elle tenta donc de l'en déloger en le ramenant avec la tête de son cher balai-brosse. Hélas, l'affreuse bestiole gluante s'ingénia, dans sa panique, à éviter les coups de balai salvateurs. Elle fut un instant tentée d'abandonner : depuis le temps, il devait déjà s'être, euh, noyé dans l'air. Seulement, si on ne faisait pas tout pour sauver son poisson, la petite serait inconsolable. Les réclames le disent toutes : là où le balai est devenu inefficace, l'aspirateur fait des miracles. Et vas-y que je te branche le bazar et que la force du nettoyage par le vide se chargera de ramener le poisson de sa planque. Son mari la sauva en soulevant la machine à laver récalcitrante à laisser passer le souffle de l'aspirateur, à grand renfort de coups de cric. En deux temps trois mouvements, le sac à poussière fut ouvert au-dessus du bocal vide. Dans l'eau désormais trouble, le poisson donnait de la gîte. Amandineeut comme l'envie de flanquer le bocal par terre, avec son occupant. Le rescapé faisait des bulles, nageant sur le côté, l'air de vouloir expirer dans les deux secondes. Pourtant, au fil des minutes, il reprit du poil, enfin des écailles, de la bête. Il se remit à nager bien droit et à faire le con parmi les saletés tombées dans son aquarium. Raphaël soupira et alla pêcher l'épuisette. Il remplit d'eau propre le pot à confiture qui servait de bocal de secours le temps du nettoyage hebdomadaire du bocal. Après son escapade à l'air libre, le Cachalot supporterait bien un séjour supplémentaire là-dedans, le temps de rendre à sa résidence un aspect présentable. Quand tout fut terminé, Amandine s'aperçut, de une qu'elle retenait son souffle, qu'elle relâcha soulagée et vaguement embarrassée, de deux que sa fille avait cessé de pleurer sans même qu'elle s'en aperçoive. Bon, toujours ça de pris. Quand deux jours plus tard, le Cachalot remit ça, l'épuisette était sortie, tenue à portée de main juste au cas où : heureusement. En un rien de temps, le poisson avait réintégré son bocal. Subsistait la question du caractère accidentel de sa chute ? Quoi qu'il en soit, Raphaël plaça sur le dessus de l'aquarium une pile de livres, afin de prévenir un troisième accident. Point n'en fallut tant : au bout de quelques heures, privé d'oxygène, le poisson se remit à tanguer. Il fallut retirer les livres. Et après encore trois jours, le Cachalot retrouva le carrelage. Cette fois une boîte à biscuit fut posée en travers du bocal, laissant sur les côtés la place pour que l'air circule, mais, pensait-on, l'espace n'était pas assez large pour livrer passage au poisson. Que nenni. Le fourbe trouva moyen de s'y glisser. C'est qu'il visait bien, l'animal ! s'il avait voulu, il serait devenu champion olympique de saut catégorie bubulle. Le caractère intentionnel des escapades ne laissait plus de doute. Mais, était-il épris de liberté au point de tenter sa chance dans le vaste monde, ou simplement suicidaire ? à cela, point de réponse. Oui bien sûr,la pauvre bête était neurasthénique, mais ça, hélas, je crois que les parents Poulain l'ignoraient. Amandine ne dormait plus. A chaque heure, elle pensait entendre le bruit répugnant des nageoires frappant le sol de sa cuisine, elle imaginait les sanglots déchirants de sa fille en découvrant son poisson mort. Plus d'une fois, elle fut tentée d'inviter un chat à la maison et de le laisser boulotter « accidentellement » le poisson. Dommage qu'elle ne sente pas le courage de l'achever en le piétinant, la prochaine fois. Non, la sensation du machin mou faisant squish-squish sous sa semelle, le bruit humide et mou de la chose écrasée sur le sol, la peur de voir le ventre exploser et répandre les intestins sur le carrelage déjà luisant de l'eau et du mucus couvrant les écailles… beurk. Elle n'avait qu'une terreur, ne plus trouver l'épuisette à temps, et en être réduite l'attraper par une nageoire pour le rejeter dans l'eau. Elle frémissait rien qu'à y penser. L'idée de petites nageoires humides et froides entre ses doigts… Pour un peu, elle préfèrerait encore griffer accidentellement son tableau noir. Un frisson la parcourut des ongles aux coudes, ses épaules tremblèrent. Bon, peut-être pas, finalement. Un matin enfin, alors qu'elle se levait d'une nuit de sommeil insuffisant, elle trouva sur le plancher son cauchemar réalisé. Dans la nuit, le Cachalot avait enfin réussi à mettre en silence fin à ses jours. Il avait dû sauter dans le courant de la nuit, et cette fois, personne ne l'avait entendu cogner et se débattre. Il gisait là, sa belle couleur d'orange prenant une teinte jaunâtre pisseuse. Sans trop y croire, elle le ramassa à l'épuisette et le remit à l'eau. Il avait bien résisté un temps incroyable la première fois… Mais non, cette fois c'était bel et bien fini : raide comme un bout de bois, il flottait à la surface, sur le côté. Elle en éprouva un étrange soulagement. Plus jamais elle n'aurait à s'inquiéter de la pauvre bête, elle allait enfin pouvoir dormir en paix… Hélas, son mari ne l'entendait pas de cette oreille : pour lui, Amélie serait inconsolable, si elle apprenait la mort du poisson. Non, garder le corps et l'enterrer en grande pompe au fond du jardin n'était pas une bonne idée. Pendant qu'il courait acquérir un remplaçant au malheureux poisson à l'animalerie la plus proche –ce qui n'était tout de même pas si près, dans leur petite banlieue, elle se chargea de faire disparaître les preuves. D'un coup sec du poignet, elle renversa l'épuisette au-dessus des toilettes et actionna la chasse. Le poisson mort dansa dans les remous, puis disparut. Une crainte terrible la prit de le voir refaire surface, refuser de passer le siphon. Voire pire, se mettre à nager en rond dans la cuvette. Si ça arrive, se dit-elle, je gerbe dessus… Heureusement, le cadavre avait définitivement disparu, noyé dans la conduite d'eau. Requiescat in pace. Pendant plusieurs jours, elle eut du mal à retourner aux toilettes et fit de son mieux pour ne pas regarder la cuvette, où elle craignait toujours de voir flotter le poisson mort, sous forme de cadavre raide, ou de fantôme évanescent. Puis ça passa. Elle se remit à dormir paisiblement. La petite ne s'aperçut pas de la substitution. Tout allait pour le mieux. Jusqu'à ce que le Cachalot (II) décidât de suivre les traces de son prédécesseur. Puis aux dires de son mari, le Cachalot (III). Puis encore le (IV). Quand de nouveau Amandine en trouva un cinquième à se débattre dans un flap-flap répugnant sur son carrelage, elle poussa des hurlements dignes de ceux de sa fille au jour de la première tentative de débocalation du poisson. Quand la crise fut passée, elle refusa toute négociation : c'était le poisson ou elle. Et c'est ainsi que par un beau dimanche ensoleillé, le poisson rouge connu sous le nom du Cachalot, deuxième du nom même si c'était un secret, fut rendu à la vie sauvage du canal le plus proche. Quand il la fixa de ses yeux ronds et vides, elle lui balança le bocal dessus, au plus grand mépris de l'écologie, dont après tout on se souciait encore fort peu à l'époque. Sa fille lui en voulut secrètement pour ce geste de colère, mais plus personne n'en parla jamais. Ainsi finit l'histoire des Cachalots, bubulles misérables mal-aimés. ","Summary":" Titre : La véritable histoire du Cachalot Auteur : ylg Base : Le fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain G"},{"Movie":"Amelie","Title":"In A Heartbeat","Author":"broken radio","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2245881","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: This is just a fanfiction, I don't own the rights to this film or anything related to it. IN A HEARTBEAT By. brokenradio The sun felt warm. The sheets felt soft. And the bed felt empty. Where was Amelie's one and only? Where was the boy who had promised to be by her side in the morning, as the sun came up? Perhaps great loves were so hard to find because they only last for moments at a time. Amelie normally enjoyed adventure, but Nino's unexpected departure left her heart sinking. He had promised. Oh, well something important must have come up. The government must have rang precious Nino and informed him of a dire tragedy in some obscure country across the ocean. For the president valued people like Nino, who had warm hearts and interesting hobbies. Yes, it had to have been some important government mission. Or perhaps a family member had suddenly been struck by a horrid disease, which even the greatest surgeons of France could not cure. And Nino must have run to the poor relative's death bed at once. But he promised. A cup of tea and a basket of croissants sat on Amelie's kitchen table. The tea called for Nino, and the croissants tried to comfort the distressed Amelie. (Not the least bit aware of their own tragic fates; namely \"consumption\".) Each tick of the kitchen clock cried Nino's name, and the portrait on the wall suddenly looked much like a certain boy. Amelie was a patient girl. But love only comes around every once in a hundred years or so. She would not risk her great love for anything. So out the door she walked, down the stairs she scurried, and out onto the street she ran. The door of Nino's shop opened, and Amelie peered in curiously. No Nino. The apartment? No Nino. The grocery store? No Nino. The park? No Nino. Nino was missing! He had disappeared off the face of the earth! Or at least from her neighborhood. Should she ring up the police? They would probably rebuke her for being impatient though. They would say that Nino had most likely gone out with friends, because that is what men do when they're away from their lovers. But not Nino. He promised. And he always kept his promises to Amelie. So there she was, where she had started. In that big, empty bed, with her little television to keep her company. The news was a depressing reflection of the world, one that Amelie did not care to see. The channel changed to a black and white movie, in which a couple waved their goodbyes as the woman departed on a train. Her face was streaked with tears, and soon Amelie's was as well. Wait! The train! Amelie had not yet checked the train station! That was bound to be where Nino was. Probably digging underneath the photo booth again, fitting pictures together, little fragments of life that we forget about. It seemed a strange time in the morning for Nino to be pursuing his hobby, but it was the only place that Amelie could think of at this point. She walked quickly, her black shoes tapping away on the concrete road. Her heart beating a hundred times a second, as if it were going to leap out of her chest. Tap, tap, tap. She could hear the trains roaring in, and the sounds of people scurrying out to work, to homes, to lovers. She drew a picture in her head, a picture of Nino coming out from underneath the photo booth and lightening up with a smile. He would run up to her and cover her face with kisses and apologize for leaving her that morning. And her face would light up and her heart would beat, and everything would be the way it was supposed to be. Tap, tap, tap. She spotted the photo booth. It was big, and empty and Nino was nowhere to be seen. Perhaps he had just left. Perhaps their paths had not managed to cross and he was on his way back to her apartment right that moment. Another train roared in. Through the windows, Amelie could spot dozens of people in each car, looking bored and tired and thoroughly displeased. It only added to her not-quite-perfect mood. But who was that? That boy standing among dozens of other people, yet standing out so fiercely against a background of gray. Amelie's heart skipped a beat, as Nino stepped out from the train and started walking toward the exit in long strides. She felt silly for having worried so much. Obviously, he was fine and healthy and on his way back to her. \"Nino!\" He kept walking with his head down. \"Nino!\" Yet again, he ignored Amelie's voice. What on earth could be happening? Had Nino lost his hearing in some outlandish adventure that morning? Amelie followed Nino. Her quick tap-tapping tried to catch up with his long, agile strides. She tap-tapped across the busy streets, through a quiet park, past a quaint neighborhood, and to a large bridge. It was a fairly large bridge, built of red brick and stone. Below it were dark, murky waters. Nino suddenly turned around to face her. \"Amelie, I'm sorry.\" He placed his hands on the railing of the bridge and sighed. \"You needn't be sorry. We can go back now if you like. Or if you're busy, I'll let you be.\" Amelie felt her heart leaping again. She couldn't read the look on Nino's face. \"Amelie, please, let me go now.\" His eyes pleaded with her, and his hands shook profusely. Amelie shook her head slowly in disbelief. Her eyes asked, what do you mean? \"It is a burden, that I carry every day, every hour, every minute. I know you call this your great love, but it is not my great love. It is my great burden, and I wish you'd let me go now. Just let me go, so I can leave and we can both go on with our lives. I don't want to break your heart, Amelie.\" She could not believe her ears. It couldn't be true. But it was. And Nino was trying to leave her. Amelie was a good person. She wished only for the happiness of others. She wanted the world to be beautiful and happy, and good despite the sad moments in between. But love could be a selfish thing. It didn't know of generosity, and sacrifice and pain. And Amelie could feel a monster inside her that would take what it wanted. \"No.\" The expression on Nino's face was one of a man who pitied. \"Let me go, Amelie.\" \"I said, no.\" Amelie was firm. Nino looked helpless. Like someone who had to go somewhere, but had nowhere to go. He looked down into the water, and a strange look entered his eyes. To Amelie's horror, he leaped up onto the railing and his body was soon falling down, down, into the black water. It was like watching a film in slow motion. He fell into the water with a splash. He didn't come up. He wouldn't come up. Amelie felt numb and shocked and she could no longer feel her heart beating. Sometimes, when a person experiences great shock, they are no longer aware of their own thoughts or actions. And before she knew it, Amelie was on the other side of the railing, and throwing her body off the bridge. She didn't bother to realize that she wasn't a good swimmer. And she didn't bother to realize that the river might just swallow her up as it did Nino. It was cold, and dark, and her breath was escaping her. She was only aware of her hands, as they flailed desperately in the water trying to find Nino. The sun felt warm. The sheets felt soft. And she felt Nino's hand underneath her own. Nino wasn't gone, and she wasn't drowning, and everything was as it should be. Amelie leaned over and covered Nino's face in kisses. Partly out of gratitude, and partly to make sure he was really lying there next to her. He slowly opened his eyes, and smiled at her. \"Good morning, Amelie.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: This is just a fanfiction, I don't own the rights to this film or anything related to i"},{"Movie":"Amelie","Title":"La Diseuse","Author":"ILoveTea","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6068246","Passage":"[Chapter 1] La Diseuse Amélie marchait parmi les stands et tentes qui offraient de nombreux divertissements. Elle prenait plaisir aux vues et aux sons du cirque. Soudainement, une gitane l'a appelée «Venez ici. Je peux voir votre avenir.» Amélie ne la croyait pas, mais elle est entrée dans la tente de la diseuse. «Montrez-moi votre main. Ben, c'est intéressant. Vous ferez des bonnes choses.» Amélie voulait répondre, mais la gitane l'a arrêté. «Je sais que vous êtes une bonne fille. Vous ferez de très bonnes choses. Vous avez un bon cœur.» Amélie était silencieuse. «Vous trouvez l'amour. Je le sais. Regardez les images. Méfiez-vous d'un homme avec des baskets rouges.» «Images? Baskets?» Tout était confus pour Amélie, mais la femme n'a pas répondu à sa question. Elle a caressé la main d' Amélie. «Normalement, je demande 5 euros, mais pour vous c'est gratuit.» Amélie a remercié la femme et est sortie de la tente. Elle pensait que c'était une expérience étrange. Elle a décidé de ne plus penser à cela, mais elle a décidé d'aller à une galerie de photos la semaine suivante. FIN A/N: Merci pour M. Tanamal et Méli.[Chapter 2] The Fortune Teller A/N: This is the english version of La Diseuse. I write this because there are readers who told me that they use Google Translate to be able to understand La Diseuse. Disclaimer: I don't own Amélie. Amélie walked among stands and tents that offered a number of entertainment. She took pleasure at the sights and sounds of the fair. Suddenly, an old gypsy woman called to her. \"Come here child, I will show you your future. Amélie didn't believe it but nevertheless she entered the tent. \"Show me your hand. Well, it's interesting. You will do good things.\" Amélie was going to respond, but the gypsy lady stopped her. \"I know you're a good girl. You will do very good things. You have a good heart.\" Amélie was silent. \"You will find love. I know that. Look at the pictures. Search for a man wearing red sneakers.\" \"Pictures? Sneakers?\" It was confusing for the girl, but the old woman didn't answer her. Instead, she caressed Amélie's hand. \"Usually I charge 5 euros, but for you it's free.\" Amélie thanked the gypsy and left the tent. She thought the experience was strange. She decided not to dwell on it again, but she also decided to visit picture galleries the next week. FIN ","Summary":" La Diseuse Amélie marchait parmi les stands et tentes qui offraient de nombreux divertissements. El"},{"Movie":"Chasing Amy","Title":"Everything","Author":"FantasticalMusical","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11028639","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"I'm so glad we made up.\" Alyssa says in the middle of a heavy make out with session with Holden on her couch. Between kisses Holden is able to get out, \"I'm so glad I had lunch with Bob.\" \"What?\" Alyssa asks with a smile on her face. Holden just laughs and says, \"Never mind.\" A few more kisses later Holden's pager goes off. He groans and reluctantly pulls away to check it. \"It's Banky. I should call him.\" \"No, don't. We were just getting started.\" Alyssa continues kissing Holden in the hope he'll forget all about his roommate and know only her. He allows this for a bit, but starts to pull away again all too soon. \"I promised I'd get back to him about the comic. It'll just take a minute.\" Frustrated Alyssa then says something that perhaps she shouldn't. \"He doesn't deserve a second of your time let alone a whole minute.\" No longer smiling Holden stands up and starts to look for her cordless phone. \"Look, I know he can be an ass, but he was just looking out for me.\" \"He was trying to break us up and nearly succeeded. How do you know he won't try again?\" \"Alyssa, where's your phone?\" She gets up too, folds her arms across her chest, and glares at him. \"Holden, answer me. Do you really think he won't try it again?\" He stops searching for the phone as he realizes nothing can happen until he answers her. Holden walks up to her, puts his hands on her face lovingly, and gives her a short kiss. \"I don't know if he'll ever try something like this again. But I do know that it won't matter. I'd like to blame him for our fight, but the true cause was my insecurity. No one can break us up Alyssa, except for us.\" Holden kisses her again, but this time it isn't short. Just as Alyssa is hoping to go further he ends the kiss and asks, \"So, about that phone?\" Any progress made is immediately destroyed. Alyssa pushes him away with an obvious scowl on her face and decides to start looking for that precious phone for him. She gets down on the floor and starts to look in the couch cushions, ignoring Holden the best she can. \"Please don't be mad.\" Holden then gets on his knees next her and tries to get her attention. Refusing to look at him she asks, \"What are you going to tell him?\" \"What?\" \"The comic. What have you decided?\" Holden figures this would be a good time to look under the couch as he responds. \"I'm going to tell him yes.\" \"WHAT?!\" Out of sight he closes his eyes, takes a deep breath to prepare himself, and then faces her. Alyssa looks at him now and it feels like she's looking at a stranger. \"You said you were sick of the shallowness of it. That you wanted to do something personal. You said th-\" \"I know what I said.\" \"Then why?\" \"Because it's fun. Working with Banky is fun. If I say no to this I'll always wonder what could have been. Plus, it'll hurt him hard if I say no and hold him back.\" \"That's funny. You hold him back? That's fucking hilarious.\" \"Alyssa, please.\" \"Why can't you see that he's the one who's been holding you back all this time? His only ambition in the world is to trap you, so he can live out his days doing nothing more than just trace and play video games.\" In anger Holden unconsciously narrows his eyes at her. \"He inks.\" \"Holden!\" \"Damnit stop! I made up my mind and that's it!\" Holden stands up and gives the room one last look. \"Fuck this. I'll just go, find a payphone, give us a few minutes to calm down and then I'll be back.\" Alyssa gets up and says to Holden, \"I'm not so sure you should come back.\" \"Alyssa, come on.\" He reaches out to pull her towards him, but she walks back a couple of steps to put some distance between them. Sighing he looks at her and says, \"The last few days without you were hell. I don't want to wait another few days to see you again. It was a fight. Not even a fight, a heated discussion. It's over now. Let's just move on as soon as possible.\" \"I hate him Holden. And don't you dare be mad at me for it, because he hates me right back. I thought things would be different. I thought you'd be pissed at him too. I sure didn't think you would be continuing the comic much longer. I figured we'd be living together soon and that I would never have to see Banky's fucking face again! Now you're telling me that, not only are you fine with him trying to destroy us, but that you're going to be spending endless days working beside him?!\" \"Alyssa, I'm telling you to let it go!\" \"Oh you're 'telling' me are you?! I'm just supposed to deal with the fact that he'll have access to you practically 24/7 and will be filling that time trying to poison us?! WELL, MAYBE YOU'RE OK WITH THAT, BUT I'M NOT!\" \"GODDAMNIT! WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME? WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO TO PROVE HE ISN'T A THREAT TO US?!\" \"You could tell him no! We both know you don't want to be a corporate sell-out. So do what you want and write something meaningful. And, God, just be rid of him so we can move on with our lives.\" \"That's not going to happen.\" \"Why? WHY THE FUCK NOT?! He has that much control over you? Are you that scared of being on your own?\" \"I'm not fucking scared and he doesn't control me! I AM DOING WHAT I WANT TO DO!\" \"BULLSHIT!\" \"BELIEVE WHAT YOU WANT! GOD, IT'S FUNNY YOU HATING HIM SO MUCH, BECAUSE YOU'RE ACTING JUST LIKE HIM! WHAT IS IT WITH YOU GUYS MAKING ME CHOOSE BETWEEN THE TWO OF YOU?! SERIOUSLY, WHY CAN'T I JUST HAVE A GIRLFRIEND AND A BEST FRIEND THAT AREN'T THAT CRAZY ABOUT EACH OTHER, BUT DON'T MAKE A FEDERAL CASE OUT OF IT? IS THAT TOO MUCH TO FUCKING ASK?!\" Alyssa just stares at Holden for a minute before speaking. \"He wants you to choose between us? When was this?\" \"It doesn't matter.\" \"It does to me.\" \"God Alyssa I don't know, a while ago. Before the painting even. It was just an empty threat meant to show his strong disapproval of us.\" \"So he threatened his friendship with you, because he 'strongly disapproved' of us before there even was an 'us'? Holden, how can you put up with all of his shit?! WHY DO YOU KEEP HIM AROUND? WHAT GOOD DOES HE DO YOU?! HE'S EMBARRASSING AS FUCK AND IS HATEFUL TO EVERYONE! HOLDEN, YOU DON'T NEED THAT IN YOUR LIFE. WHY CAN'T YOU SEE HOW MUCH BETTER OFF YOU'D BE WITHOUT HIM?!\" \"I TOLD YOU THAT ISN'T GOING TO HAPPEN!\" \"BUT YOU NEVER TOLD ME WHY. WHY THE HELL DO YOU INSIST ON KEEPING HIM AROUND?! WHY WON'T YOU DO THIS FOR YOURSELF? FOR US?!\" As Holden enters his apartment he sees the back of Banky's head and a hockey video game on the TV. The sight brings a small smile to his face. \"Hey.\" \"Hey Mr. Doesn't Return Pages.\" \"Yeah, sorry about that. I was busy.\" Holden sits down beside him and focuses his attention to the pixelated action on the pixelated ice. \"Too busy fucking that dyke to give your best friend a minute of your time. I get it.\" \"Banky don't. Besides, we weren't fucking. We were breaking up.\" \"Yeah right.\" Unfazed he continues with his game. \"No really. It's over.\" \"What happened?\" \"Let's just say, I can't give her what she wants.\" \"You have a dick, what more could she want?\" \"Funny.\" Banky steals a glance at Holden. \"Why aren't you crying and shit?\" \"Excuse me?\" \"You guys' first fight got you all teary eyed. I figured a full on break up with the bitch would have you balled up in a corner, rocking back and forth, and bawling your fucking eyes out.\" \"Nice to know what you think of me.\" \"Hey, I just know you were all retard crazy for her.\" This makes Holden chuckle a bit. \"Do you hear the words that come out of your mouth? 'retard crazy' who talks like that?\" \"I talk like that. So, why so fucking calm?\" Banky's game is ending, so Holden grabs the other controller, and waits for Banky to reset it for two players. \"I'm ok because I have other things in my life that I love more.\" \"Yeah? Like what?\" At this, Holden finally stops looking at the TV and looks at Banky. When Banky turns his head for a response, Holden answers with, \"You know what.\" Holden smiles at Banky and Banky smiles back as the two share a moment. \"So, you're like super retard crazy for me?\" Banky says, which quickly ends said moment. \"Oh God.\" Holden rolls his eyes as he sets his sights back on the TV. \"You know what I really love? Kicking your ass at all things Sega.\" \"Oh big talker! I was going to go easy on you, losing your old lady and all, but fuck it. It's on now!\" \"It's on like Donkey Kong!\" Banky immediately erupts into laughter and can't seem to stop as he tries to speak. \"Who talks like that?!\" Holden laughs too and says, \"I talk like that! Now, let's do this!\"[Chapter 2] \"Just focus on the fans and ignore her.\" \"Thanks, but I'm fine, really.\" It's been a year now since Alyssa first came into Holden's life. He regrets a lot of what happened with her, but never did he regret how it ended. Never. Since the break-up he and Banky got back to spending time together. Somehow Holden had forgotten how much fun being with Banky is. Of course Banky blames Alyssa for that, but Holden knows better. As easy as it would be to group her in with Yoko, the fact is Holden let himself drift away from his best friend. It was Holden's fault. Banky is either too blind to see that or too nice to mention it, yet neither scenario seems likely. So Holden is left baffled as to why Banky keeps giving him the benefit of the doubt. In the meantime both just move on and enjoy themselves while working on the comic, developing the show, and goofing off with each other. As for today, Holden is determined to enjoy it, despite knowing that Alyssa is somewhere on the premises. As they set up their booth Banky continues their conversation. \"Wish we could see what Hooper's got planned for this year.\" Holden chuckles at that and adds, \"Yeah, me too. But we'll just have to settle for announcing our expanding franchise to our many devoted fans.\" This brings a big smile to Banky's face. \"I still can't believe that it's even happening.\" \"Believe it my friend.\" Banky's pretty bummed he can't participate in whatever new publicity stunt Hooper's got whipped up, but is beyond excited with the way their career is going. He loves creating with Holden, and of course the money is nice too. Besides, missing the minority panel also means missing 'her'. Which is something Banky is completely fine with. The two sign comics, answer questions, take quick sidelong glances at the other and smile to themselves. Finally, the time comes to head towards their panel for the big announcement. The fans are ecstatic to say the least. The crowd stands, there are cheers, there is clapping, Banky can't stop smiling, and Holden can't stop staring at Banky. Seeing Banky so happy makes Holden happy, possibly the happiest he's ever been. Holden forces himself to look away and focus back on the crowd, back to waving, and yelling out his thanks. They leave to go backstage as the crowd continues their applause. Holden can't stop himself from immediately grabbing Banky and pulling him into quite possibly the tightest hug ever. This catches Banky by surprise, but he hardly minds it. He's so swept up in the excitement that he just hugs his oldest friend right back. In a deep corner of his mind Banky wonders for a half a second what it would be like if Holden was more than just his oldest friend. But just as quickly as the thought pops into his head he forces it out. Both of them are so caught up with themselves that neither hear the third party approaching. \"Well, isn't this sweet?\" Banky jumps away from Holden as if he was just burnt. Quickly, as an ingrained knee jerk reaction, he briefly is worried about what that hug looked like. But once he sees who interrupted their celebration any concern is rapidly replaced with seething hatred. \"How the fuck did you get back here?!\" Alyssa just lifts up the pass around her neck and gives a look that says 'how the hell do you think idiot?!'. \"Well, we've got nothing to say to you!\" \"Huh, I think Holden is able to speak for himself. Or am I wrong? Does Banky do all of your thinking for you now?\" Holden had been frozen in place since the second she spoke. Banky's right. Holden has nothing to say to her. He is baffled to why she would want to talk to him. Especially, after the way they left things. Why on Earth would she seek him out? Out of nothing but pure curiosity he says, \"Banky, can you give us a minute?\" The look on Banky's face makes Holden instantly regret his words. The immense joy from earlier is now completely gone. Now, he just feels like shit. Banky's happiness has become just as important to Holden as his own, more so actually. He makes a mental note to make it up to Banky and wants to voice this in some way right here and now in front of Alyssa. However, Banky doesn't give him the chance. Without saying a word he just storms off. Holden watches him go and hates himself. The past year they've been doing fine and two seconds in Alyssa's presence reverts Holden back to being an ass again. Angry at himself he takes it out on her. \"Goddamnit it Alyssa, what do you want?! What is so important you just had to show up right at this moment?!\" Taken aback Alyssa replies, \"Holden, I just wanted to congratulate you. It's not my fault your boyfriend is so pissy.\" \"He's not - is that it? Can I go now?\" \"Yeah, that's it. Sorry, don't know why I bothered.\" \"Well, next time don't.\" Alyssa just gives a quick nod to go with her angry glare and storms off herself. Holden stays put, hangs his head, and tries to gather his thoughts. He shouldn't have been so mean to her. He should be an adult about his feelings, but for whatever reason he can't. When it comes to Alyssa he just needs her gone. He can't treat Banky right when she's around. Which is crazy because he cares for him so much more than her. He cares for Banky so much more than anyone else. Maybe this should freak him out, but it doesn't. It helps knowing that Banky feels the same way about him. Holden then starts to wonder, not for the first time, if that caring between them could ever be more. When they were hugging just now he couldn't help but notice how good Banky smells. How nice it felt to be wrapped up in his arms. Holden's been thinking thoughts like this for a while now. He's always wondered certain things here and there during their friendship, but it was the Alyssa break-up that got him wondering things all the time. Maybe someday he'll get the courage to talk to Banky about this. But for right now all that matters is that Banky's hurt because of him, and he needs to fix it as soon as possible. Holden stands there so engrossed in his plan to apologize that not even the nearby yelling of, \"BLACK RAGE! BLACK RAGE!\" can deter him.[Chapter 3] 'Fuck him! Fuck her! Fuck both of them! Fucking fuck!' Banky's thoughts continue in this manner as he packs up the rest of their stuff. He knew this day was too good to be true. 'She just had to rear her ugly head and fuck everything up!' Banky wonders why he cares so damn much. He knows he lets his feelings for Holden get out of hand. He knows that this can't be normal. He knows that he shouldn't feel the jealousy that's surging through him at the moment. He knows that no matter how hard he tries to ignore it, his feelings for Holden are much more than friendly. Thinking this makes him lose control of his inner dialogue. \"FUCK!\" This causes a passerby to turn and take notice. \"What the fuck are you looking at?!\" Said passerby now hurries along their way. \"You're just always making friends aren't you?\" There it is, that voice. The most annoying voice that ever did exist. Her voice. Banky turns around to face the bitch and mentally prepares himself for the inevitable. For the news that Holden and her have settled their differences and his presence is no longer needed or desired. \"Look if you think I'm just going to fade the fuck away think again! Holden and I have serious business plans in the works that can't just be undone. So like it or not I'm not going anywhere!\" \"What the hell are you talking about?\" \"That's what this is about isn't it? Just go ahead and gloat, get it over with so I can just get the fuck out of here.\" \"Are you fucking with me?\" \"This is about you standing here trying to fuck with me!\" A moment of confused silence passes by until it dawns on Alyssa. \"Oh God. He never told you.\" \"Told me what?!\" Alyssa just stares at him while she decides just how much she should reveal. If anything. \"Fucking spit it out already!\" Alyssa is so over this. She thought she'd check in with Holden, be the bigger person, and wish him well. Apparently, that was a mistake. And now, she was just making her way out, but couldn't pass up a moment to give Banky a hard time. After all, he won didn't he? He won and she lost, so why can't she have her moment of pettiness? However, it seems Holden never quite clued him in on the prize he won. Probably because he's doubtful Banky would see it that way. Still, what a coward. Regardless, she should respect Holden's wishes and keep quiet. She should just walk away and never look back. She should stay out of it. \"Hey dyke! You're kind of wasting my time here. So either speak your mind or get the hell away from me.\" Alyssa suddenly doesn't give a shit about what she should do. \"Holden's in love with you. We broke up because he loves you more. We had something special, something real and he threw it away for the waste of space that is Banky Edwards! So fuck you! You have the luck of being a white male cashing fat checks with Holden by your side. But you're too much of an asshole to appreciate any of it! You just have to go on and be a dick to everyone that surrounds you. Except to Holden of course, your meal ticket. Is he still the exception now Banky? Now that you know that he's gone to the dark side?! Now that you know he really feels?! Still BFFs?!\" Banky is shocked to the core. He can't move, he can't speak, he can't think. He barely even registered anything that Alyssa said. His brain started to shut down shortly after the phrase, 'Holden's in love with you.' After what seems like forever, yet at the same time instantaneously, he replies in an almost whisper, \"What?\" \"You heard me you fucker. I hope you two will be miserable together.\" Alyssa knows she's being awful and childish and just plain mean, but she doesn't care. She leaves Banky to handle this news however he wants. She's determined to just walk away from all things Holden related once and for all. Banky's body continues to be as still as a statue, but his brain begins to start up again. 'Holden's in love with me? No. He can't be. First off he's as straight as an arrow. Then again everyone thinks I am too. I mean I am. I am straight! I am! I love fucking women! But, I've often wondered…what it would be like…to...to… Damnit! Ok this isn't about me, it's about Holden. Well, Holden and that damn bitch! She's just lying. Of course she's lying. She's nothing but a stupid fucking lying liar set out to humiliate me! Holden probably sent her packing and she was just being a stupid drama obsessed girl, trying to stir shit up. Yeah. It isn't true. It isn't.' Banky hoped to find comfort in his conclusion, but he feared he was just enjoying hanging out on that river in Egypt again. He knows that it's not normal for two people to have such a long friendship. He knows that he and Holden care for each other much more than the usual pair of friends. He knows this! He also knows that Alyssa is the first serious girlfriend Holden's ever had. That can't be normal. Being closer to thirty than twenty and never dating anyone seriously? 'Who does that?!' Well, Banky does that. But Banky hates people so that makes sense. But Holden? Holden loves people and how could anyone not love Holden? He surely does. Of course he does. Why else would that bitch get to him so much? Something tells Banky that even if she was the coolest chick around he'd still hate her. He'd hate her because she had Holden, and he didn't. Except that, now she doesn't. And why is that? Why would Holden kick her to the curb? Not only is Holden no longer interested in her, he hasn't looked at another girl since. 'That can't be normal. Can it?' Banky had just figured that their break-up was really hard for Holden. He was so in love with her, it literally made Banky ill. But the day of the break-up, that moment on the couch…Banky always assumed Holden was just giving him lip service. Just attempting to make up for being such a lousy friend for so long. Banky never took his words seriously. Banky never allowed himself to hope. But now, reexamining their friendship and processing Alyssa's words, Banky can't help but wonder. Banky is still stunned to the spot when a group of teens with light sabers whiz by, their faces filled with fear. Right behind them is a pissed off Hooper hot on their tails screaming, \"JUST USE THE FORCE YOU HONKY MOTHERFUCKERS! JUST USE THE FORCE!\" Banky, so lost in his thoughts, doesn't even notice.[Chapter 4] Things are starting to come to an end, so there aren't too many people Holden has to weave through to find Banky. As soon as he spots him Holden starts to smile and walks a little bit faster. 'Why does he look like someone shot him with a freeze ray?' The closer he gets the more concerned he gets and the faster he goes. As soon as he finally reaches him the planned apology is forgotten. He just wants to make sure Banky's ok. Holden grabs Banky's shoulder and asks, \"Banky, what's wrong?\" Not getting any kind of response Holden is officially scared. He quickly puts his hands on each side of Banky's face, lowers his tall frame to meet his, and gently speaks again. \"Banky, talk to me. Please. Are you ok?\" Banky begins to register just how close Holden is, how worried he looks, how good his hands feel on him, and how loved he feels in this moment. But he needs to hear him say it himself. \"Are you in love with me?\" Of all the things Holden thought he'd say, that sure as hell wasn't one of them. \"What? Banky, I…What?!\" Banky strengthens his gaze and refuses to run away from this. Not anymore. \"It's a simple question Holden. Just answer it.\" Banky's well being obviously isn't in any immediate danger, so Holden drops his hands and stands up straight again. \"Banky what the hell? Where is this coming from?\" Realizing that Holden is more than eager to run from this, Banky gains control of himself and finally moves to finish packing up their stuff. \"Your dyke came by here and said some things.\" Holden's heart suddenly starts racing and he has to remind himself to breathe. 'What the fuck did she say to him?! Oh God! OH GOD!' \"What things?\" Holden hopes to heaven that Banky didn't notice how shaky his voice is. \"She said you told her that you are in love with me.\" \"I never said that!\" Holden probably spoke that a bit too quickly and a bit too loudly. But it was the truth, technically, and he was glad to be able to honestly deny something in all this mess. Banky stops what he's doing and gives Holden a death glare. \"Then what did you say?!\" \"It doesn't matter.\" \"It does to me.\" Holden would laugh at how alike these two sworn enemies are, if this entire situation wasn't so fucking terrifying. Sighing, Holden picks his next words very carefully. \"Banky, today was going amazingly well before she showed up. Can we please take your advice from earlier and just ignore her?\" Banky just keeps glaring at Holden. Holden nervously keeps talking, hoping against hope he can talk his way out of this. \"Come on, let's go get something to eat and celebrate! We could even invite Hooper along. I haven't seen him all day, but he's gotta still be around here somewhere.\" Holden then starts to look around for Hooper in a lame way of avoiding Banky's furious face. Banky silently grabs the last of their stuff and heads out to the car. \"Banky? Banky!\" Holden trails behind Banky and wonders just what he's going to say to him. Holden catches up to Banky in the empty parking garage just as he slams the trunk shut. He has no idea what's going on in Banky's head and it's scaring the shit out of him. However, the look on Banky's face does make it clear that he is beyond pissed off. Holden then stands in front of the driver's side door to force Banky to deal with him. Banky, again, just keeps angrily staring not saying a thing. Holden feels like he's going to cry. He swallows past the lump in his throat, looks down at his feet, and forces the next words out. \"Please don't hate me.\" This instantly softens Banky's resolve. He just wanted to finally get things out in the open and stop all the fucking mind games. It then dawns on Banky that just because he's ready to deal with this doesn't mean Holden is. He just realizes how frightened Holden must be to say something like that. How could he think Banky would hate him?! Banky's been going about this all wrong. Banky then steps forward, runs his hand up Holden's neck and cups the side of his face. Holden raises his eyes up in shock and it kills Banky to see that they're brimming with tears. \"I could never hate you. Never.\" Holden then lets out a breath he didn't even know he was holding. He closes his eyes and a few tears find their way down his face. Banky quietly gasps out, \"Oh, Holden,\" before he takes Holden's face in both his hands so he can wipe the tears away. He slowly leans up to gently press his lips against one cheek and then the other. He starts to back away, but Holden wraps his arms around his waist to keep him close. Banky looks up to see Holden opening his eyes. He whispers, \"Holden….please?\" It's now that Holden lowers his mouth to Banky's and places a soft kiss against his lips. And Banky kisses right back. Their kiss is tentative…at first. Holden tightens his embrace, their lips begin to part open, tongues glide together, hands start to roam, and heads are moving to try every angle. Very gradually it's gone from subtle and sweet to very passionate. Banky's kisses begin to leave Holden's mouth and make their way across his jaw. He darts his tongue out and licks a trail down Holden's throat where he begins to suck. Between Holden's moans a few words slip out. \"Banky…yes…yes..I am. I am.\" Banky pulls back a bit, but manages to get out a, \"What?\" before getting back to nibbling on Holden's neck again. \"In love with you.\" This makes Banky stop and face Holden. They're both breathing heavily while holding each other, but Banky is the first to smile. And, as always, his smiles are contagious to Holden, so he smiles right back. \"I'm in love with you Banky.\" Banky simply replies with, \"I know.\" This makes Holden laugh and Banky quickly joins in. \"Oh, really 'Han'. Well, you could have fooled me.\" \"Well, I didn't really know until very recently.\" At this Holden cringes. \"Banky, I'm so sorry you had to hear it from her.\" \"Holden, I don't care. Besides, I didn't know it from her, I knew it from you. She just helped me face some stuff.\" \"What exactly did she say to you today?\" \"What exactly did you say to her last year?\" Holden knows this conversation is inevitable, but it still doesn't have to happen right here and now. \"I promise I'll tell you everything, but not here. Let's go home. We have even more to celebrate now!\" Banky decides not to push it. Besides, celebrating does sound nice. Still smiling he responds with, \"Fine.\" Banky reaches up to give Holden one last quick kiss before they make their way home. Yet, one turned into two, which turned into three, which turned into another 5 minutes or so of making out. Eventually, the two actually do part long enough to get inside the car. However, as soon as Banky starts it up Holden leans over and starts the kissing all over again. Banky does want to get home and get some real answers out of Holden. However, right then, Holden unbuttons Banky's jeans, pulls the zipper down, and slides his hand inside. So, right then, getting home is the last thing on Banky's mind. A few moments later, Banky's head is thrown back in pleasure because Holden's head is buried in his lap. Both are quite wrapped up with enjoying their new found love for each other, to say the least. So wrapped up that they don't pay any mind to the late hour, their very public display of affection, or the radio broadcast about an extremely disgruntled writer at a nearby comic-con.[Chapter 5] \"…WHY CAN'T YOU SEE HOW MUCH BETTER OFF YOU'D BE WITHOUT HIM?!\" \"I TOLD YOU THAT ISN'T GOING TO HAPPEN!\" \"BUT YOU NEVER TOLD ME WHY. WHY THE HELL DO YOU INSIST ON KEEPING HIM AROUND?!\" WHY WON'T YOU DO THIS FOR YOURSELF? FOR US?!\" \"BECAUSE I'VE LOVED HIM LONGER THAN I'VE EVEN KNOWN YOU! BECAUSE I LOVE HIM MORE THAN ANYONE! ANYONE! AND IF YOU MAKE ME CHOOSE IT WILL BE HIM! IT'LL ALWAYS BE HIM!\" Needless to explain, there wasn't much to say after that. Alyssa was quick to put two and two together and it was quite obvious she'd never have a future with Holden. Holden walked around for a while trying to get his head around things. He sure didn't plan on blurting something like that out, but he didn't regret it. After all, it was the truth. As he made his way back home, back to Banky in more ways than one, he became so sad. He now knew that he could never have a relationship, because Banky will always own his heart. But he was sad, so sad, because he also knew that Banky could never feel that way about him. \"Shows how much you 'know' huh?\" Banky says with a smirk as they make their way into the apartment. Holden laughs saying, \"Yeah, guess so.\" Never before has Holden ever been so happy to be so wrong. He watches Banky as he tiredly plops down on the couch to take off his shoes. He makes his way to sit next to him when he notices the blinking red light of the answering machine. He lets out a small groan and reluctantly changes course to go check it. As the tape rewinds, Holden sits on the couch and leans his head back so he can look at Banky. With his shoes off Banky tosses them to the side, leans back with exhaustion, and turns his head towards Holden. Holden smiles at Banky and Banky smiles back as the two share a moment. \"You have one new message. *BEEP* 'Holden? Holden if you're there pick up! Shit. I may have gone overboard this year. If you could get down to the police station with $1,000 bail or a lawyer I'd really appreciate it. Hurry!' *BEEP* End of messages.\" THE END That's it :) Never say never, but I feel done with this pairing. I heart them lots, but I fear I'm repeating myself too much. Anywho, thanks for reading and please, pretty please with sugar on top, leave a review :) ","Summary":" \"I'm so glad we made up.\" Alyssa says in the middle of a heavy make out with session with Holden "},{"Movie":"Breaking Dawn, 2004","Title":"LA MUJER Y LA MADRE ( ONE SHOT )","Author":"alejandra.yapariromero","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10085024","Passage":"[Chapter 1] LA MUJER, Y LA MADRE -Sabes extraño a la mujer que estaba en todo momento a mi lado ya sea bueno o malo pero te tenia a mi lado siempre, pero ahora estas cambiando ( me dice Edward con lágrimas en los ojos ) Lo siento pero esta soy yo ahora ( le digo con enojo ) No , esta no eres tú , tu NO ERES MI BELLA ,MI ESPOSA , MI AMIGA , NO LO ERES , quiero que mi esposa vuelva por favor , devuélvemela ( sigo viendo como está perdiendo la paciencia y me dice todo lo que callo todo este tiempo) -Yo no sé qué me pasa , sé que cambie pero no sé qué hacer para volver a ser yo misma desde el … desde que él se fue (me cuesta seguir hablando , siento el familiar nudo en la garganta y mis ojos arden por las lágrimas que quiero derramar ) siento que ya no puedo vivir más con este dolor (le digo y veo como la comprensión y el dolor cruzan por su bello rostro ) Yo sé que te cuesta seguir adelante pero tenemos 2 hermosos hijos que extrañan a su madre , yo extraño a mi esposa ( dice y me abraza siento sus lágrimas mojar mi blusa ) sé que fue difícil perderlo amor para mí también lo fue , el día que perdiste al bebe me sentí culpable por no haber estado contigo (dice y me doy cuenta que estas 2 semanas lo culpe indirectamente recordando todo me doy cuenta de que no hable en estas dos semanas , descuide a mi esposo también a mis hijos, pero ahora sé que necesitaba de este tiempo para recuperarme no solo físicamente sino también mentalmente por que perder a nuestro bebe me dolió mucho ) Pensar que ya no podremos tener más hijos duele Eddy duele ( a pesar de que siempre que lo llaman así se molesta a mí me deja llamarlo así , cuanto tiempo no le hable pienso y lo abrazo más fuerte ) saber que tal vez algún día te des cuenta de que puedes tener a una mujer completa que te pueda dar hijos y me dejes ….( no me deja terminar de hablar , su abrazo se hace más fuerte y me separa de él y mirándome a los ojos me dice: -Escúchame bien Isabella Cullen TE AMO y tú lo eres todo para mí no me importa si ya no podemos tener más hijos porque con los dos que me diste soy feliz y con lo traviesos que son , creo que tendremos mucha diversión ( me dice sonriendo con esa sonrisa torcida que hace que cada día me enamore más de él y me rio porque pienso en mi dos pequeños Rene y Ezequiel d años y en todas las travesuras que harán y me doy cuenta de que a pesar de que no tendremos aquí con nosotros a nuestro bebe tengo que agradecer por mis pequeños y vivir feliz amando a mi esposo y a mis hermosos hijos ) Tienes razón amor perdóname por haberlos dejado solos pero ya volví y no te dejare solo nunca más ( le digo mirándolo como lo que soy una mujer locamente enamorada que a pesar de estar casada con el hombre de mis sueños a un después de 10 años sigo amándolo como el primer día ) Solo tenía que darte tiempo de sanar mi niña ( y ahí está el famoso sobrenombre me dio hace 15 años y que cada vez que me llama así me saca una sonrisa ) Te amo mi niña y doy gracias a Dios por haberte recuperado ( dice y me mira con esos ojos de un color verde esmeralda con brillo que solo tienen para mí y me besa con todo el amor y pasión del mundo ) Soy una mujer con mucha suerte por tenerte a mi lado Pequeño ( le digo y él sonríe a un más por el sobrenombre que le di hace muchos años cuando ya estaba segura de que el seria mi príncipe , hay en sus brazos me siento segura y feliz porque tengo a un hombre que me ama y unos hijos a los que adoramos y daríamos la vida por ellos ) Mami ? ( escucho a mi Rene y siento que jalan mi pantalón y ahí está mi pequeña miniatura de Edward mi Antoni ) Mis bebes , como los amo los extrañe ( les digo y los abrazo y siento sus pequeñas manitas abrazarme fuerte y sus rostros sonrientes son mi mayor regalo , a pesar de no tener a nuestro bebe tengo a mis dos hermosos hijos y por ellos tengo que seguir adelante ) Demostrémosle a mami cuanto la queremos (dice Edward y pronto me encuentro en un apretado pero cálido abrazo familiar y pienso la vida no puede ser más feliz, cada día amanece y cada día será mejor si estoy con mis hijos y mi amado esposo.) ","Summary":" LA MUJER, Y LA MADRE -Sabes extraño a la mujer que estaba en todo momento a mi lado ya sea bueno o "},{"Movie":"Breaking Dawn, 2004","Title":"Breaking Daw part 2 : different ending","Author":"Panda Playground","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8705283","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bella slowly woke up. She felt a sharp pain going through her head as she tried to move it. She opened her eyes, but the light was too bright. She closed them again, afraid that the intensity of the light was going to burn them. She couldn't risk being blind, she couldn't risk never getting to see Edward or Renesmee or anything or anyone ever again. \"Honey?\" said a faint voice, and Bella felt a hand on hers shortly after that. It was a warm hand. This frightened her. She was as cold as ice, if a human touched her skin, they would have realized something wasn't right. \"Honey?\" The voice said again. It was her mothers, but Bella still didn't want to open her eyes. If her mother hadn't noticed something was wrong by the touch of her skin, she would realize it when she sees her daughter's red eyes. \"Maybe we should dim the lights. Perhaps, the light is too bright.\" An unfamiliar voice said. The lights were dimmed, and Bella dared to open her eyes. Perhaps her mother wouldn't notice the color now. \"Oh, honey! Are you okay? I'm so happy you're not too seriously injured.\" Bella saw her mother, but her father was also there, in the background, not knowing how to act or what to do. \"What do you mean injured? I feel fine...\" She said. Her voice was hoarse. \"You don't remember?\" the unfamiliar voice said. The man was wearing a white jacket. He was a... doctor? \"What happened? Why am I in a hospital?\" She asked, panicked. Her father came closer, embraced her mother. He cleared his throat. Bella then knew something bad had happened. \"You have been in an accident honey,\" He said, her mother started to cry. \" You were on your way back from school, when...\" He had to stop for a second. \"When you were hit by a truck.\" Bella didn't understand. An accident? Hit by a truck? \"It was a drunk driver.\" Her mother added. \"Where's Edward? What happened to him?\" she asked them, feeling as if someone ripped her heart out. Her parents looked at each other, not knowing what their daughter was talking about. \"Who is Edward?\" Her father asked. \"My husband!\" She exclaimed. \"Oh, euh, honey,...\" Her mother didn't know how to say this. \"You have no husband. You don't even know any Edward...\" \"Yes, I do! I married him! You were both there! And why are you being so sweet to each other? You're divorced, divorced people don't do that! You have Phil, mom, and you're with Sue now.\" She told them. \"What are you talking about? We never divorced...\" \"When did you marry this Edward?\" The doctor asked. \"Not so long ago, although I don't remember exactly. But it hasn't been longer than a year.\" she said. Her parents looked at her, with faces as if someone had died. \"What? Where is Renesmee?\" \"Who is Renes...Renesmee?\" The doctor asked, her parents just stared at her. \"My daughter! Edward's daughter! Dad, you have seen her before!\" Her mother had started to cry, and her father seemed as if he was going to join her. \"Bella,\" the doctor started, \" Your injuries after the accident were so bad that you slipped into coma. 4 years ago...\" Bella didn't understand. Were they telling her that she was crazy? That she saw things that weren't real? \"So, this Edward never existed. You never met him, let alone marry him. Renesmee isn't real either...\" Her mother added. Bella looked at her father to ask him to tell them she was right. But he stood there, shaking his head. It was then that Bella started to get her memory back. School had ended, and she couldn't get to her car fast enough. She had no friends, so there was no one she could talk to after school. Once on the road, she saw a trucker coming towards her. She wanted to do something, to avoid the hit, but there wasn't any time. \"So, Edward isn't real?\" she asked. They shook their heads. \"Renesmee neither?\" Again a negative answer. \"Alice? Carlisle? Esmee? Any one of the Cullens? Jacob?\" \"We don't know any of these people. And neither do you. We have been here every day, there is no way you could've met any one of them, let alone get married.\" \"Give me a mirror...\" she asked through her tears. When they handed her the mirror, and she looked at her face, she couldn't hold it back anymore. Tears began flowing down her face. \"What's wrong?\" Her mother asked worriedly. \"My eyes. They're...normal...I'm normal!\" Her mother came closer to give her a hug, but she pushed her away. \"Leave me alone!\" she yelled at them. But they didn't leave. They stayed until late at night, when they had to go home to get some sleep. She felled depressed. Finding out that the Cullens weren't real, that Edward and Renesmee weren't real, and that her best friend Jacob was also just an imagination, was the worst thing that could've ever happened to her. Including the accident. How was she going to survive, if she was just a clumsy normal person, if she was no vampire, without a daughter, without the love of her life? Without Jacob, and all the others? It was quiet in the hospital at this time of the night. She figured that there wouldn't be many doctors here either. She got up from her bed, feeling dizzy at first. That must be the concussion. Her legs were a little bit wobbly, but she could walk. She tiptoed to her door, opening it very carefully, trying not to make a sound. She was lucky, there was no one here. She didn't know where to go, but she was going somewhere. She found the stairs, just what she needed. By now, she had regained her strength, so she could even run up the stairs. Which was needed, because the door, that opens to the stairs, also forbidden for patients and visitors, fell shut with a loud noise. Not so long after that, she heard it opening and closing again, followed by a \"HEY! GET BACK HERE!\" It didn't matter, she was almost where she needed to be. Just a few more steps, and she was there. The doctor, she figured, was getting closer too. Apparently, she wasn't running as fast as she thought. She reached to door, and found herself on the roof. It was still dark. Good, that meant that she wouldn't see the way down. She walked towards the edge. \"STOP!\" she heard. She turned around, and saw the doctor running towards her. He stopped just in front of her. \"Don't do it! You have to much to live for! We thought you were paralyzed, and now you're walking! It's a sign that you have to live!\" he said. Bella took one step back, one step closer to the edge. \"If the Cullens, Jacob, and all the rest never existed, I don't want to exist anymore either.\" She said, and she let herself fall. The doctor tried to grab her, but was too late. Bella was falling, imagining the face of Edward in front of her the entire time. Right before she was about to hit the floor she said : \"I love you, Edward\". The end! ","Summary":" Bella slowly woke up. She felt a sharp pain going through her head as she tried to move it. She ope"},{"Movie":"Breaking Dawn, 2004","Title":"Rosile","Author":"lexilovefood17","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12283641","Passage":"[Chapter 1] [Type the company name] Rosalie & Emmett Written By Alexis Smith [Type the author name] Table of Context Chapter 1…Vacation Chapter 2…Time Alone Chapter 3…Brazil Chapter 4…The Voice In The Woods Chapter 5…Three Chapter 6…Pay The Price Chapter 7…The Cave Chapter 8…Homecoming Chapter 9…Heartbeat Chapter 10…Keep It A Secret Chapter 11…Staying Behind Chapter 12…Goodbye Chapter 13…Almost There Chapter 14…Birth Chapter 15…Peanut Chapter 16… Anouncement Vaction With things finally settling down around the Cullen household everything was feeling back to normal. Or atleast as normal as Vampire, Half Breed and somewhat disgustingly enough Shapeshifter coven family can be. After everyone left, once they where sure we where all safe and sound and that they had said there goodbyes to our family and especially Renesseme our not so merical baby girl we all decided it was time to go on a much needed family vacation. Last minute though as I watched Bella tying Renesseme's boots to leave out the door I decided not to join. Something... something just hit me deeply. Something that chewed at me and had been chewing at me since the day my adoptive father Carlisle turned me into a Vampire. \"Hunny Bun what do you mean you don't want to go? We've been planing this trip for weeks. After everything that just happened this family could really use some down time to bond\" said my percious husband Emmett. He's always trying to get me to have alittle fun and live alittle expecially lately. I was to set on Bella dying and preparing for mother hood and helping raise Renesmee wail Bellas resistance towards human blood bulit up I got real lost in someone elses happyness and forgot about my own. \"I know I just I think I could use some time on my own. I just need some space. Plus its almost moving time again and I have a whole new room to decorate and closet to plan for as well as yours buddy. Please go and have fun for me!\" Normally I would be selfish and not push Emmett to leave me expecially since I'd be on my own and mostly defenseless if anything where to happen. However I knew how much Emmett loved Ness and I didn't want to see him miss out on the big family vacation because I was loathing in self pity, again. \"No hey, if you don't go I don't go. We're a team! Don't you go forgetting that lil miss. Time alone with me is the best kind of time!\" said Emmet with a smile. Only a man of his harding rock solid muscle sature could pull off that kind of goffey smile he gave me. Like a big teddy bear made of rock. Unless however you piss him off then its like a teddy bear made of rocks that smashes you to death. \"Are you sure? I really think you'd enjoy the island much more then you'd enjoy helping me pick out rugs, fabric, and organizational bins and cabnits.\" \"Of corse I'm sure! Also I've learned a thing or two over the decades abouth decor so I think I know my was around two little ol' rooms,\" said Emmet with another smile one that let me know he understood and he would rather be with me in my time of need then on a trip to IsleEsme no matter what he'd miss out on. After telling the rest of the family that we decided we would stay home and hold down the fort as bummed as they where especially Ness they all piled into the cars and left. Unless something crazy happened they'd be gone for the next three months on a tropical island wail me and Emmett would be in rainy ol' Forks Washington. No matter the weather though me and Emmett could always make our own fun. Which is never something anyone wants to hear about or see. It gets pretty rough and dirty when me and Emmett have some real fun and time to ourselfes. Time Alone A month had gone by and me and Emmett had spent it mostly endoulged in eachothers bodys, lips and minds. There had been no planning or designing going on just alot of good old sex. Something we have never grown tired of. One thing I had grown tired of though was Forks. We had out lived our stay in my opinion a long time ago and if it was for those stupid wolfs we'd be long gone by now. It had rained for nearly the whole month. Every time me and Emmett ripped ourselfs appart to hunt we'd get drenced and I'll addmit forest wet and muddy sex is great but it makes an absolute mess and then cleaning it all up is just a waste of valuable time. If I was imortal in way that I knew I could never die I'd be fine with wasteing time cleaning but trust me a vampire can die as quickly as a human can. One minute you're there the next you're a pile of ashes. \"Maybe we should go on a trip. This rain is endless I can hardly focus on hunting let alone designing a bedroom or closet.\" \"Are you sure that's what's distracting you love?\" said Emmett as he pulled me down to the bed underneath his strong muscles. With his arms around me I felt like I was home. \"Well maybe it's not the only distaction I have but I am over the rain and we need to get out of this house for more than just a snack. Maybe we should go to the shore house in Brazil this time a year it's so beautiful out!\" \"That sounds perfect I'm game for alittle wild bore or whatever the hell they have in Brazil.\" said Emmett amd we laughed our way into another intense round of sex. Brazil The shore house in Brazil was completly incased by trees, wildlife, and fences as our privacy depended on it we traveled at night only, though the spring gloom helped our cover. First however we alerted Carili and Esme who where sadened that we wouldn't be joing them and where going on our own vacation but inevitably they understood why I needed distance from Renesmee. Thankfully our family owns a private jet and we where able to get there and settled in in a little more than a day. We spent the first few days finding the best hunting area and unpacking. People where not normally something I enjoy interacting with especially since they where instictavly drawn away from vampires which could cause some awkwardness. The night life in Brazil however is to die for. Finally I got Emmett to agree to go dancing with me, he loved dancing with family in areas he felt safe but being around a bunch of humas at night wail they're intoxicated and wobbling around no matter your ristance level it always felt like you where a starving lion who had just found his first easy pray in years. After a nice fill up hunting trip we set out to the streets of Brazil. We found a nice spot with killer band who was really going to town and we put on a small show for the crowd. Emmett insisited on being goofy the whole time which only made me love him more, which you never know is possible until it happens. Eventually however we went into calm slow dance and he help me tight and hummed along go the music into my ear. \"I'm so glad we came here Em' I really needed this.\" He hugged me tighter and we waited for the song to finnish and threw some money into the donation bin and began to walk back down the street to our car. \"Come in old lovers I can see all I can give all I can tell all!\" said a voice that seemed to echo from an old beat up phycic store called \"Anobi Leon\". Me and Emmett looked at eachother and said simultaneously \"Old lovers?\" \"Excuse me miss,\" I said in a sassy voice, I stoped beliving in phycics a long time ago, \"your cameras must be broken me and my husband are newly weds.\" \"No, no, no I see time in your love. Though it is not in your face. Perhaps old souls. Perhaps...\" the voice came to a dramatic pause. She was really selling it I have to say. \"Perhaps what?\" said Emmett almost afraid I think that is lady voice was about to call us out an that this night would end in a life lost. \"Come in children, come in and ask.\" \"Ask for what? No offence lady but I'm not buying it and neither is my wife and we've had a long night so good day to you.\" Emmett was clearly getting skiddish about the situation and with people still hanging around the streets it was time to go before a scene was made. \"Don't worry pretty girl you will have your chance to ask...\" \"What am I exactly going to ask? Shouldn't I know that before I ask?\" I said turning back to the door and rolling my eyes. \"What do you mean what are you gunna ask I thought she ment it as an us thing?\" said Emmett looking confused. \"Didn't you just hear her? She said I'll have my chance soon to ask.\" \"What, no she didn't?\" Emmet was clearly concerned a human with real physic abilities is never a good thing to be around for long. \"Oh someone must of just said sometning and it caught my ear don't worry!\" I said laughing and skipping down the side walk after a quick glance at my backside he remembered that all is good and good is all. We drove back to the shore house and decided it was time for a human old couple night which is a night where we don't have sex an just read and act like the old people we truly are. Around three a.m however Emmett per usual had ditched the books for a video games and since I had a small craving I decided I'd go for an early morning hunt. \"Hey I'll go with you just let me... oh oh ohhhhhhhh shit! Wait just one second babe I just have to... ohhh come on are you serious! Wow you all suck what is this football or snail racing you pansys!\" Emmett really gets into fake football or any football which he deserves some fun expecially after deciding to stay with me instead of going to the family trip. I'm not always the most exciting person. \"Have fun love ill be back within the hour and don't break the T.V this time please!\" The Voice In The Woods Hunting by myself was always a welcome. Emmett gets a little to into the sport of it and always makes it a competition I can't win, unless he lets me. I cought the wift of some local mountian lions and followed it just one of those would do the trick and more. So I waited and after a half hour or so I caught the scent and began the chase. Within minutes I was on the beast ready to bite into it's neck and fill my mouth and stomach up with nice warm blood then out of the blue I heard the same physic womans voice from the beat up old shop whisper. \"So it's true then yes? You are a vampire. No matter I will allow you to ask and pay my price for what you desire most my child.\" I released the beast and kicked it away knowing I had its scent for when I needed it again. \"Show your self! Show yourself or I will find you and you will not like the outcome!\" \"I have no face no true form. I am desire. Now ask so I may tell you my price.\" \"Desire? What the hell does that mean and I have everything I want so why don't you leave me the hell alone ghost town!\" \"Everything? So there is nothing you want? Nothing you would give you life your wealth… even your pecious husband to have?\" \"Leave me alone I won't be giving you or anyone else anything of mine!\" \"Relax child I do not want your money or your family. I have my price set if you have your question. If you do not wish to fufil you side of the bargin I will simply not fufil my end. But know desire has a way of feeding itself that not all can control. Now, ask your question. Ask for what you truely desire child.\" \"I... I don't,\" as creepy as this was for some reason I was feeling compelled to ask then a light switch went off in my head what do I have to lose if I have my family I have everything I need, \"ya know what whatever creep. Ginie I wish for a child that only my husband Emmett Cullen can give me. A child we can raise as our own and charis forever. One that will never die old and will live in our age with us forever. There are you happy? So what's your so called price?\" \"A tall order my dear, a tall tall order indeed...\" the voice faded out and diapered almost completely. \"Oh so now you're not gunna tell me your price. Oh wounder why! Maybe because it's impossible I can't get pregnate!\" \"No my child the impossible is only impossible if you belive it to be. My price is a child. A human male at the age of... three. Find the child and you will find your way to me.\" \"Why do you want a child? What am I supposed to kidnap someones kid? Whatever you know, whatever or whoever you are you're carzy just leave me be!\" \"That is my price! If you are to have your child you will do as I say this offer will only come once!\" Suddenly a clap of thunder shook me and I realized it was pouring out. \"Rose? Rose! Rosile where are you?\" said Emmett calling from a distance. \"Screw you!\" I said to the voice as I ran to Emmett. \"Emmett I'm here! What's wrong? What's happened?\" \"I won! Omg we where shit the fist half but after alittle half time we pulled it together and dominated!\" Enmett said as if he'd won the war single handedly. \"Really?\" \"Oh sorry for the dramatics. But hey lets go dry off, you're awfully dirty for someone who just hunted expecially for you. No offence love.\" said Emmett looking at me like I was dressed in a clown uniform at a Christmas party. \"What no I didn't even go hunting what are you...\" I said as I looked down and realized I was drenched in the blood of the mountain lion, \"but I... I guess I did hunt... but..\" I said looking back behind where I had came from. \"Lets get you home huny bunches and get you cleaned up, okay?\" said Emmett with a little concern in his voice. \"Okay yea I guess.\" Three Eventually I got Emmett to look past the fact that I couldn't exactly remember the hunt I went on or why it was so bloody. I would try lying but that would only make it worse, he always see's through my lies. \"Honey we should go out dancing again tonight I'm feeling in the mood! Something's pulling me back to those streets!\" I said as I twirled my way onto the bed next to him.\" \"Maybe we should give it a night to rest; it's not every day a vampire forgets a hunt...\" Emmett said as worried as it comes. I groaned but gave in and we had our first real old people night that we had had in a while. A few weeks went by and with our stay was coming to an end Emmett agreed to go out just to a different less sketchy part of town. We danced all night long. Eventually I came across a super cute boutique and began trying in every outfit and as usual Emmett found his way out of a shopping trip when Carlisle called to have him do something \" important \" that required him to go back to the shore house. I didn't mind though I loved shopping by myself, it meant I could spend a little extra money. Soon I came across the cutest little jacket unfortunately it was a blue and green jacket and look like it was made for a boy and I knew Ness would never wear it or fit into it because it looked as if it was made for a toddler. However I felt compelled to buy it. Soon after I cashed out and went to the car that Emmett left for me. Wail driving home in the rain I saw a boy walking down the side of the road all by himself. I stopped my car and pulled over knowing this boy was much to young be walking by himself and how dangerous it would be for someone as small as him to be without a jacket in the rain. I quickly grabbed the jacket and slowly approached the small child who coward in front of me expecting to be shunned. I spoke in a soft voice and asked about his parents and where he was going he pointed down the road and so I told him that if he trusted me I would take him to his family. He smiled and said yes though he was only a few years old he knew that meant he was getting in a warm car out of the rain and mud. I gave him the jacket so he could warm up faster and loaded him into the car and set off to find his home. He barley spoke but I could tell he was hungry I could also tell that he was poor, he had no shoes and his clothed where made as cheap as they come. \"What's your name cutie?\" He gave me a shrug and mumbled, \"Elle.\" \"Oh well that's a beautiful name sugar how old are you?\" He held up three of his fingers quickly and then bowed his head in discomfort again. \"Three! Wow such a big boy. Maybe not big enough to be on your own though make sure you stick close to your mommy and daddy for now on, okay?\" He nodded still looking into his lap. Three ... wow... three . For some reason that I couldn't explain I completely relaxed. I soon noticed the boy was drifting off. So turned up the soft song playing on radio and once I the boy had finally fallen asleep I began to drive of course. Pay The Price Not knowing where you're driving when you are choosing the location would usually concern a person about their mental state but I was completely fine. A part of me that I didn't know of knew where I was going and I trusted in that part. Eventually we came to an abandoned dirt road I parked my car and took the sleeping child in my hands held him tight and took off running to the devil knows where. \"Where are we going...\" said the boy in a half asleep voice. \"Home sweetie I'm taking you to your home remembers?\" \"Okay...\" he said as he dozed back off. I had no reason to lie to the boy I just did. I had no idea where I was taking him all I knew was that it was deep in the forest. Finally after almost 20 minutes of high-speed running I came to the entrance of a cave. I was finally here or wherever here was at least. I cradled the boy slowly rocking him so he'd stay asleep. \"So you've come to pay my price child?\" \"What price? Who are you? Show yourself!\" I said in a whisper like yell that only vampires can to, it's to high pitched for most human but this voice felt supernatural. \"Hahaha... you've forgotten so soon. Ahh, your heart is pure. Your desire however is rotten. It has taken control of you dear. No worries what you don't know others close to you will never know. Now lay the child on my table dearie.\" \"What are you talking about I don't desire anything except an explanation!\" \"Lay the child down on my table and you will see all you wish to know my child.\" \"Fine but you better not touch him!\" \"Yes child... lay him down...\" The voice sounded suspicious but a part of me needed to know what she was talking about, what I had forgotten and another part of me really wanted to give her the child for an inexplicable reason. Slowly I laid the child on a hard table made of rock. Then as I backed away it seemed as if nothing was going to happen. All of a sudden the boy's eyes popped open and where completely blood shit his face began to lose color and I could smell blood in the air. I tried to run to him but some type of force field was blocking me out. I looked away horrified at what I had just done and fell to my knees feeling helpless to help the child. \"Help me! Please help me! I want my Mommy!\" he screamed as the air was slowly sucked from his lungs. \"There, there, child it will all be over soon. Look my dearest Rose look into his eyes see what you desire had brought you!\" \"Go away you monster! Burn in hell! What have you done, you promised you wouldn't heart him?\" \"I made no promise. But you knew what had to be done. A true mother will sacrifice anything for her child, even the life of a poor innocent helpless child. Look, look, what your desire has brought you child!\" Mother? What is she talking about? I thought to myself. How would this random voice know what I wanted more than anything in the world, unless... we had meet before. I forced myself to look up and gaze into the eyes of the dying boys whose blood was pouring out of him as he reached for me. I quickly looked back down more horrified than ever. \"Look my child for you will never have the chance to know the truth again.\" \"I don't want anything from you, you, murderer!\" I covered my nose and ran out of the cave and barfed up a bunch of blood. I ran to my car and drove home a complete mess. The Cave I ran to Emmett completely flustered only when he asked me what was wrong. I had no answer. I knew where I had been I just didn't know why or with who. I felt the loss of someone and I felt it strongly. Only I had no idea who it was or when I lost them. Emmett began to be extremely worried and asked me to retrace my steps. Eventually we came to a cave that looked extremely familiar I told him it was a deep cave and something awful was inside it. I turned away as he went to investigate. \"Honey, this cave is barely 6 feet deep,\" he said as he walked back out. \"No, no it's big and there's a table and... And... I... I don't remember...\" \"Rose,\" Emmett said grabbing my shoulder, \"what is going on? Should we call it quits and maybe call Carlisle and have him come check you out?\" \"No, I'm fine Emmett I just...\" and the I got hit like a load if bricks all of a sudden I wanted to tear Emmett's clothes off and make love to him the way vicious dogs do to each other and I wanted to do it inside the shallow cave, \"I just needed a reason to get you out here and into that cave so I could tear you apart myself wild man!\" He was shocked and confused but quickly got into it and that cave which had never been more useful until that day. After a few days of cave man and women fun we sent back to house and began to pack to go home. Emmett was as confused as he was worried and with everyone already on their way home we were ready to be reunited it had been a long three months away from our family. Homecoming Seeing Nessie again was amazing being able to kiss her and hug her felt like nothing I ever felt before. Ness was the sweetest little girl on earth. She held me so tight I began to regret skipping out on the family trip. \"How was everything baby girl? Did you have fun with mommy and daddy?\" \"It was so, so, much fun Aunt Rosie I wish you were there! Next time you are definitely coming!\" \"Oh of course dear I'm so sorry I didn't some I just had some boring grown up stuff to do with Uncle Emmett in Brazil.\" \"It's okay I just missed you!\" \"Aw, I missed you too love.\" Slowly everything calmed down and everything seemed to be going back to our normal. Ness was in school and we began plans for our new house. We had been back for almost two months and I just felt off. Edward knew but didn't say anything because he knew better than to start a major panic. \"Rose I think we should go with the white wood floors there just so in right now!\" said Alice wail we were talking flooring for the kitchen. \"Yeah it... it looks great Alice... Um... could you just... excuse me?\" I ran to the sink and began to throw up blood. \"Rose are you okay! Carlisle come quick!\" Thus the mass panic began. \"No, no, I'm fine Alice I'm fine I just...\" and I threw up again. \"Rose what did you feed on last? How does your stomach feel right now? When was the last time you ate?\" Carlisle was going down his list of doctor questions quicker than I could answer. \"Uh some deer and kind of weird right now and not that long ago three days?\" I all of a sudden was light headed and wasn't in the mood at all to talk. \"I'm fine please just...\" \"You see Carlisle I knew there was something wrong with my wife! Ever since we went to Brazil she's been just different forgetting stuff and now puking!\" Emmett had barged in the room on an Em'page. \"Look I'm fine I just need to lay down...\" \"No you're not fine Rose... this isn't normal...\" Emmett had calmed down, and now looked like he was ready to cry. \"Let me just take you up stairs and run some quick test,\" said Carlisle trying to calm the masses everyone was staring at me like I was an alien. At least now I know how Ness felt before we discovered there was more of her kind. \"Okay, I'm right behind you and if everyone could relax that'd be great,\" I gently snapped at my family. The Heart Beat \"Alright just sit up here. You know the drill old timer,\" said Carlisle trying to hide his concern with a big doctor smile. I took a deep breath, rolled my eyes and sat down on his doctor's chair with my arms crossed. \"I feel fine really this isn't necessary.\" \"Oh I'm sure you're fine but that big rock looking fella' standing over there,\" he pointed to Emmett who sighed and relaxed his stance \"he's the type that's got to have proof so let's get through this and we can all go home in one piece okay?\" I smiled and took all his little test and passed until... until he went to check the breaths on my stomach. He pulled my shirt up a bit to press the stethoscope to my stomach and right as he was going in he made a strange face then pressed it to my stomach and yanked his hand away and called out. \"Oh dear lord… What is that! How is this possible! What happened to you in Brazil?\" \"Carlisle? What are you talking about? What did you hear?\" Emmett was shouting and so was Carlisle they were about to go at each other or more so Emmett was about to go after Carlisle because he was looking at me with this crazed look that he wouldn't explain. Finally Esme came in and Emmett backed off after grabbing me off the table I was to stun to say anything I had no idea what he was talking about. \"What is going on in here? Carlisle explain yourself,\" said Esme in her mother voice. \"Here take it! Take it and listen to her lower abdomen! Listen!\" Carlisle passed the stethoscope to Esme and stood away in disbelief and shock. Emmett put me down he would never disobey Esme because he knew Esme would never hurt any of us not even for Carlisle. She slowly put the scope to my stomach making the same face as Carlisle right before it touched my skin and then pushed onto my skin and listened closer. \"Oh my... Oh my god...\" she slowly stood up, \"Rosalie... how...how can this be...,\" she looked back at Carlisle. \"What? What, god dammit,\" said Emmett getting carried away with anger and confusion. \"She's... somehow she's... she's pregnant son...\" said Carlisle in a low sad tone. \"That's a sick joke Carlisle why would you ever...\" Emmett was shouting at the top of his lungs so I knew I had to break my silence before the others came in and a fight broke out. \"He's right Emmett, I can feel it! I mean I feel awful! I've been vomiting! I hide it... Just ask Edward...\" I said with my head bowed down. \"What honey it's not possible I mean how could this happen how and not 7 billion tries ago? What do you mean ask Edward he knows and I don't is that a thing now? Please help me out I am super confused!\" Emmett said at the full level of frustration that I was feeling for the past 4 months. \"I... I don't know Emmett I mean I know there has to be something that I forgot that made me this way but Edward can't find anything in my memory and Alice... well she hasn't seen my future in a while I just thought it would pass...\" \"What? Alice to, wow. Well if this isn't a family members against Emmett committee then I don't know what is.\" He looked at me shook his head then began to walk out of the room right as I went to open my mouth and plead for him he ran back and hugged me tightly. \"Screw all you sons of bitches I'm gunna be a dad!\" He screamed so the whole house could hear, then he began twirling me around and making a bunch of strange happy sounds and yells. Esme and Carlisle smiles and in a split second went from scared to happy. With our family truly anything was possible, which is what made us so dangerous. Emmett had a way of changing any heavy serious mood to a happy giddy one though. \"Emmett if you twirl me one more time I'm going to kill you love,\" I said in the kindest way possible as happy as I was I still felt like shit. \"Oh, oh sorry, sorry love. My bad, sorry!\" Then he leaned down and kissed my stomach then sat me on the doctors' chair and grabbed the stethoscope and listened to my stomach with a huge grin on his face. Keep It A Secret \"I can't wait to tell Jake! I'm finally gunna not be the only kid,\" said Ness when we broke the news that she was going to be a big cousin and possibly sometime soon. \"No honey that's not a good idea. This needs to stay between the families. We need to know you can keep this a secret, until the baby is born at least. No questions,\" Bella said to Nessie in a stern but loving manor. Surprisingly somehow I didn't think about that when I decided we should tell her I was so caught up in the excitement of the moment it slipped my mind that the wolves may want to kill me if they find out. Bella was right this baby is somehow a growing full non-blooded vampire so its highly, highly, doubtable that any nasty, smelly, ugly shape shifter will ever be imprinting on him or her which in the end means me and the baby are easy bait. The rest of Sam's pack won't care if Ness is hurt when her adopted Aunt and unborn non-related cosine are killed at their hand or teeth they'll consider themselves misunderstood heroes like they almost did when they found out Bella was pregnant with Ness. Only Bella was human still so I'm sure deep down they would never have gone through with it in the end. I however I'm a known dog shunner and a full vampire. The only differences that made me feel almost human was the need for more blood, but not human blood the site of human blood was sickening me for some reason unlike it had when Bella was pregnant, and the accessional lack of breath or energy. Also though I never fully slept I could feel myself right on the edge of giving in. The vomiting, which could naturally happen to vampires if they ate human food for show, also made me feel almost human it made me feel extra weak and extra emotional. Ness was sad she wasn't the type who enjoy keeping secrets for long and no one knew how long it would be before the baby was born realistically it could be a few weeks, a few months, years. No one knew. The mystery of my pregnancy however would soon begin to spark a wide spread panic through the vampire world if others found out. Which is why we decided it was time for is all to leave for good, the further away from people who may attempt to interfere with our lives the better. We called the Daniles to say farewell and let them know we were moving to Isle Esme for a few years to have some family growing experiences with Renesmee, they were sad to hear there would be no party but eventually we all said out goodbyes over the phone. Soon we were all packed and ready to go. Staying Behind \"I don't think we can take Ness away from Jacob Edward. Not for that long. We don't even know anything about this baby and I know Rose was there for me but we have to protect our daughter she is half human still and this baby for all we know could be somehow a... anyways I'm sure Emmett, Esme, Carlisle, Alice, and Jasper can handle it and we can always visit them and call it we just can't move right now,\" said Bella to Edward in a pleading voice that he fully understand. \"I agree...\" said Edward looking at Bella intensely, \"I love my family and I know they can do this without us. Ness is going to miss them. I have a feeling she thinks we're taking Jake with us which would defeat the whole purpose of moving.\" \"Maybe we should invite Jake over for dinner tonight it's been a few weeks and I know he's got it in his mind we're taking our daughter away from him for good. I'm sure Ness will feel better with him next to her when we tell her. He makes her want to be stronger.\" \"Okay love, I'll call him and invite him over,\" said Edward with a sigh as he walked to the bedroom to grab his cell phone. \"Renesmee, take a bath Jacobs coming over for dinner tonight! Anything special you want me and daddy to cook you?\" \"Yay! Okay mom and maybe let dad cook steak, you can make the mash potatoes I mean you can do what you would like I'd appreciate-\" \"Okay, okay, ha-ha, we all know I can't cook love its okay! Now go clean up,\" said Bella as she laughed and rolled her eyes at Renesmee who smiled laughed and skipped into the bathroom with a change of clothes and a towel. \"Okay well it's either a good thing or bad thing he mumbled on the phone the whole time, cause he's either gunna yell all night till we tell him the have that idiot look all over his face or shut up for once pout all night and have a heart attack when we tell him. I'm routing for the first one.\" \"You awful Edward! We all know he's gunna pout all night he wouldn't chance causing a scene in front of Ness.\" \"True but this is different.\" \"Well we'll see then I guess.\" \"Fifty bucks?\" \"You're on!\" They laughed and then began to cook. After Ness's six hour shower she entered the kitchen and found Jake sitting at the head of the table with a drink making small talk with her parent's wail they cooked. \"Jakey! I didn't even hear you come in\" Ness yelled as she raced over to hug Jacob. \"Probably because you had your music set on \" blow the roof off this house \",\" said Jacob as he moved his chair out so she could run straight into his arms for a big old long overdue wolf hug, \"I missed you kid!\" \"I missed you to Jacob,\" said Nessie in a small voice then she quickly gave him a kiss on the cheek and sat in the chair right next to him. \"Okay everything's done dig in,\" Edward said as he but steak, corn and potatoes on the table. \"Dang, what's the occasion? You don't call me for weeks then you cook me a feast fit for a King. I'm getting kind of a weird vibe ya know,\" said Jacob as he relaxed in his chair and took a sip of his drink wail staring Edward in his eyes. Edward took a deep breath and Bella rolled her eyes. Renesmee didn't know what to do so she began to fill her plate, \"thank you daddy and Jacob you are a King! Well kind of, one day when I'm older I'll cook for you every night like this! I promise!\" Ness's endless need to please everyone made the mood between the adults soften immediately. \"Of course lovey,\" said Edward with a smile. \"I can't wait Ness,\" said Jacob with a wink. \"Oh yes you can and you will. Wait a long ling time,\" Bella hissed under her breath. Jacob cleared his throat and straightened up. \"Well if you two aren't hungry,\" Jacob said to Bella and Edward which bought him a small laugh from Ness, \"I won't let this failed attempt at making me happy or okay with this move go to waste. If this is my last meal with Ness for god knows how long...,\" Jacobs's eyes began to tear and he cleared his throat again, \"then I'll enjoy it to the last second.\" Ness sunk back down into her chair and Bella couldn't hold it in any longer. \"Well Debby downer this isn't your last meal with Ness, me or Edward because... we've decided to stay here.\" \"What? Sorry but what,\" Ness's voice was in a mix of panic and confusion. \"The family can move without us we still have grandpa Charlie to look out for.\" \"Mom! That's completely unfair... I mean I want to stay but I want to see the -\" \"The Island will be there for us to visit it's not going anywhere anytime soon,\" Edward cut her off before she reviled the secret to Jacob. Ness looked at Jacob with wide eyes as if she had just realized he was there and the quickly looked back at her father. \"Yea, yea, the Island...,\" Ness said as she slumped back into her seat then she continued in a sad low tone, \"I'm just really going to miss them... what if something happens!\" \"If something happens we'll be on the first flight over baby girl,\" said Bella as she tried to consul Ness wail walking over to kiss her on her forehead and put Renesmee on her lap. \"Ness the Cullen's are bad ass what could possible happen to them that Alice couldn't see coming and that Emmett could punch to death,\" Jacob said carelessly trying to brighten the mood. Ness shot him a look of horror and ripped out of her mother's arms and ran crying to her room. \"Renesmee! What did I say?\" Jacob said standing up looking at Edward for an answer. Edward sighed as Bella ran after Ness to comfort her. \"It's nothing Jacob it's just this is a big change for her, for all of us. She'll be fine.\" \"I may not be a mind reader like you but I can tell when people aren't giving me the full story,\" said Jacob as he began to stand defensively in front of Edward who stood up to meet Jacobs gaze. \"Look family business is family business for a reason. We love you Jacob and love what you do for Ness, but you don't need to know everything. Ness is safe we're all safe and happy that's all that matters. If you try to dig-\" \"If you try to dig I'll never forgive you,\" Ness said sternly as she walked back into the kitchen, knowing she was the only one who could get Jacob to leave it be, with her mother behind her she looked into Jacobs eye's as Edward backed away from him and said, \"like my father said there some things that have to stay between the Cullen's for the safety of everyone just like with your wolves. I'm fine trust me I just... needed a minute.\" \"Okay Ness, I'll do anything for you sugar pie, come here,\" said Jake as he knelt down to Ness level in order to give her a tight hug. Later that night after a few bags of popcorn and a few movies Jacob left content with the night and happy to know his Nessie was going to be with him for a lot more years and Bella was fifty bucks richer. Goodbye As heartbroken as I was I knew deep down that Edward and Bella wouldn't be coming with us. Renesmee could barely withstand the three month long vacation away from Jacob let alone years. I also knew that Bella and Edward needed to protect Nessie from whatever came out of me eventually. With four months to go and a heavy heart we boarded onto out jet and headed for the Island. After a few short days we finally arrived it was a beautiful and tropical as ever. A true place where we did not have to hide our self's, where we could be free. Carlisle calculated we had about 5 years before we all needed to go home again to work in order to sustain our wealth and many houses cars and other inquiries. Hopefully we would have a mostly grown healthy child then who could control his or her thirst for blood as Renesmee could. Almost There As the months flew by with endless shopping and redecorating my pregnancy seemed to come to an end. I was out of breath so often I had to have Emmett bring me kills because I could no longer chase them down for any long distance. Every pregnant woman deserves an Emmett. Emmett bent to my every wish and catered to every need that he could. \"I can honestly say I never thought the day I looked so much like a whale with huge weird boobs would come and I would hate it so much,\" I said with a sigh as I looked into our bedroom mirror with my shirt off. \"Honey buns you are absolutely stunning! I mean no one on this planet can work a pregnancy like you can and you breast are fantastic! I'm sure gunna miss them when they're gone,\" Emmett said as he walked over to give me a light hug and kiss on my neck. He wrapped his arms around my chest and glued his body to my back, buried his head in my hair and began to kiss me repeatedly. \"Are you ready for month number nine picture day! I am! Come on get dressed month nine waits for no body and you could pop anytime now so let's get a move on it people,\" Alice said as she barged in our room with a smile on her face and camera in her hand that she was waving back and forth as if it was bait. \"Okay, okay we're coming just one minute sis,\" said Emmett and he began to kiss me more intensely. Alice scuffed at him as I laughed then she gave us a 15 minute warning and walked down stairs. \"Okay come on lets go this could be the last pregnancy photos we get and I'd like to enjoy it without Alice's anger,\" I said jokingly to Emmett. \"Whatever you say love bug, your wish is my command,\" Emmett said as he bowed to me kissed my hand and walked into his closet to put his outfit on. Soon we were both dressed and went down to the beach and Alice took pictures of us in every different pose and background as she could possibly find making jasper set up props and test angles. Both boys where happy to be relived of picture duties after Alice gave us all the all clear although Emmett was careful not to show it and Jasper and him went off for a much needed hunt. \"These pictures came out perfect Rosie! Are you sure you aren't hungry though? I could call Emmett and have you being something back,\" Esme said. Esme was always that kind of Mom and Grandma she always wanted to make sure we were all full and satisfied. Having the dogs over for a big dinner was her favorite she could cook lots of food and stay busy and on task making sure everyone would have more than enough and to make sure they had plenty of leftovers to bring home to feed their families. \"I'm fine really Esme I ate a lot yesterday and I've been able to keep it all down luckily,\" I said with a laugh that brightened up her face, \"man I have to rearrange those books again something's just not right!\" Nesting was a real thing. No matter what if I saw a pile of some movies, cd's, books anything even my room had fallen victim, I had to rearrange everything. I think it was slowly driving everyone mad being more or less so stuck on island full of the unknown let alone with me making noise always moving everything around. The nursery got the worst of it we had redone the room at least 30 times in the last few months. Everything just needed to be perfect or as perfect as it could get. \"Honey I think it's time to rest you can finish the books tomorrow,\" said Esme in a sweet voice wail she rubbed my back she was always moming me, now more than ever but I always appreciated it. \"Okay Ma just tell me Emmett I went to bed and ask him to please be quiet when he comes in tonight, goodnight everyone,\" I said as I began to walk human speed up the stairs. Esme nodded and Carlisle and Alice said goodnight. Birth The next morning I could tell something big was going to happen. Emmett brought me a mountain lion, my favorite, and i couldn't even look at it. Strange aches throughout the day slowly began to indulge me body in a world of pain. Everyone kept asking questions and trying to rub my body to relax me but they only made it worse and I soon began lashing out and treating everyone including Emmett. Carlisle however ignored my threats and helped me walk up stairs to his doctor office he had set up for when the baby was to be born. Esme quickly ran into action setting things up for the baby and Emmett stood at the door not knowing what to do or where to go. Alice and Jasper ran to lock all of the windows and doors. Suddenly a burning sensation ran down my legs and covered my butt it felt as if acid had been poured onto my legs. My jeans began to decompose and Carlisle yelled to Esme to change me into a gown, he believed my water had just broken. He examined a few drops and realized quickly that it was a bunch of venom. The baby was coming quickly so he had no time to waste investigating every inch of the matter. \"Oh god get it out of me! Please Carlisle get it out! Its hurts to much, I can't do this,\" I was screaming so loud it broke a few of the mirrors in the room. I grabbed Esme hand tight and apologized repeatedly. I had no idea what for I just knew I was sorry. She tied my hair back and told me to start taking deep breaths in and out. \"Emmett! Come grab her foot and hold it tight Esme grab the other one,\" Carlisle said as he waved Emmett to come quickly. \"What? Me? Okay, okay, okay, okay, I got this\" Em' was all but ready to pass out. \"Get over here Emmett or so help me god I'll skin you ass alive,\" I was in s much pain my emotions didn't know how to react and everything just seemed to be pouring out of me, literally. \"Okay, hold her feet tight! Push Rose! Push! There ya go! Give me another one Rose! Push! Come on push hard really bare down Rose! Don't be afraid!\" Carlisle was couching me as Emmett was watching the whole thing wail he held my hand and my right foot in that moment watching him smile wail I was in immense pain I hated him, I truly hated him. I looked over at Esme and she was doing the breathing techniques she had taught me wail looking more serious and ready to go as she ever had before. \"One more Rose,\" Carlisle said with a smile. \"Oh my god, I see something,\" Emmett yelled. \"What? What is it,\" I said frantically with a cracking voice. \"Come on Rose focus one more big hard push,\" Carlisle said as the all ignored my question. I screamed breaking more glass and held onto Emmett's hand so hand I cracked it a little and grabbed the table till it bent in and pushed with all that I had left in me. From down stairs I could hear Alice and Jasper cheering me on. Then all of a sudden i felt free. Then I heard the cry of an angle. I always picture a child of mine to have blond hair, blue and blue eyes like I did as a human as well as all of my siblings and almost all of my parents families sides had. However she had black hair thick round cheeks and light dark brown eyes. She looked just like Emmett. It was a miracle, she was a true miracle. I looked at her afraid to touch, we all looked at her being held in her grandfather's arms catching the gaze of amusement and bewilderment from all of us as she squirmed and cried out. Carlisle smiled and said as lout as he could, \"It's a girl! It's a girl! She beautiful!\" Esme laid my foot down as did Emmett and she took the baby and ran a quick eye, and ears test along with a few other quick health test then she cleaned our baby swaddled her up loosely wail she continued to cry increasingly louder and walked her over to me. \"Your baby is crying for you Mama,\" she said looking at our child with a smile trying to sway her to get her to calm down. I looked at Emmett with wide eyes, \"Is it real Emmett? Are you sure? How can we be certain this isn't some cruel trick?\" I was in an immediate state of panic afraid that i would lose everything the moment I got it. Emmett leaned in close and whispered into my ears, \"There's only one way to find out.\" He kissed my head and I sat back up, my body had already healing its self and I could feel everything except for my breast returning to normal as Emmett's hand slowly was. Esme kissed her forehead and slowly handed her to me. She almost instantly relaxed and opened her eyes for a split second looked at me, then to Emmett who waved down to her, as if to check and make sure it was us holding her. She then threw her hands over her head and feel asleep in true baby fashion. \"I can't believe this. Emmett we... we have a daughter... a living breathing healthy baby girl of our own... she's perfect... wow I mean she just looks so much like you Em'!\" The panic was slowly disappearing and Esme and Carlisle picked up then left to give us a minute alone. As a family. Peanut Two hours later and the awe had still not left us. Every noise she made we died for. Every heart beat every breath every small movement we watched carefully and couldn't get enough of. Every time she moved it was like she had hit a mile stone and we were the proudest parents in the world. Parents. I see now why Bella and Edward took so long to get use to hearing that. \"What should we name her love,\" said Emmett as he gently stroked her hair. \"I... I think we should name her... Penelope. Peanut or P for a nickname, since she's such an adorable, precious little peanut!\" \"Penelope... Alice-Esme Cullen?\" \"Perfect.\" \"You think Bells is gunna be mad?\" \"No, she'll just be happy she's better at mushing names together than you.\" We laughed without taking our eyes off of our little P. \"Wow this is really happening. I'm a... father. Rose you did so good you baby baker did perfect recreating my face onto a baby girl, I love it so much it hurts me.\" \"Gee, Hun thank you. I did it just for you love.\" We kissed it was the first time we had taken our eye off here and we both looked back quickly and laughed when we realized how afraid we were that she would be gone in that split second of a kiss and how crazy that was. Then all of a sudden baby P began to purse her lips and cry almost three hours had gone by since her birth so I knew she must want to feed. Esme walked in with a bottle of human blood with Carlisle close behind both with a smile on their faces. She handed me the bottle and I placed it onto her lips. She sucked it once the opened up her eye's gave me a horrified look and tried to wiggle out from it I repositioned it and she began to cry loudly. Jasper and Alice came running up the stares and slowly I began panicking. \"She doesn't want human blood? How peculiar! Jasper could you retrieve a deer break its legs and neck but don't let it bleed out any,\" said Carlisle creating a plan B out of thin air. Emmett began to mumble and look at me and the baby back and forth just he wasn't looking me in the eye and I was super confused and holding a wailing infant in my arms. \"Wait! Wait a second,\" Emmett yelled stopping everyone and gaining all of their ears to hear what he had to say next wail he was looking at me but not at my eyes, \"Rose! The answers right in front if you,\" he said with a smile. \"What do you mean son,\" Carlisle asked confused as we all where. Then Emmett turned to Carlisle and yelled to the ceiling \"Her boobs! My wife has huge boobs,\" I yelled his name and he lost his smile and continued, \"honey buns breast on pregnant people don't grow for nothing, I have a feeling she wants whatever is inside of them!\" \"That's not a bad idea Rose everything except for your breast hove gone back to its normal size maybe your body somehow understands the baby has to nurse from you still. Go ahead try it!\" Carlisle looked at me like some Science experiment. Which i for sure was, one that was much crazier than Renesmee. All eyes were on me. \"They're rock heard and she has no teeth,\" I cried back. \"Mm\" Emmett said with closed eyes, we all knew what he was thinking and honestly after him watching me birth a child all gross and ugly like that, I was super turned on by it; but there was much more concerning things to do before I have time to think like that. \"Let's just put her to your breasts, I'll help you,\" Esme walked over as she gave a glare for Carlisle and Jasper to turn around. Alice ran over eager to see what was going to happen, it rare that she gets to be surprised like this she also hadn't seen the baby yet and was ready to say hi to her new niece. I undid the gown and brought Penelope up to my breasts nipple. All three of us gasped when her head relaxed and small razor like fangs came out and almost instantly clamped onto my nipple and began to feed. \"Does it hurt,\" Emmett said gently as he put a hand on my thigh and looked at Penelope on my chest. \"No, no it feels... just... natural... if that makes any since,\" I said as I laughed and watched my baby girl feed on my breast so peacefully. Esme wrapped me up so Carlisle and Jasper could turn back around. \"She looks just like you Em'! Wow she's perfect! Look at that hair Esme, wow,\" Alice said as she stroked P's silky black hair. \"What's her name,\" Jasper said walking up to the bed. \"Penelope Alice-Esme Cullen.\" I said, proud as could be. \"You did well with the middle name Em' I like what you did there,\" he said with a wink at Emmett who rolled his eyes, \"welcome to the world baby P.\" Announcement ","Summary":" [Type the company name] Rosalie & Emmett Written By Alexis Smith [Type the author name] Table of Co"},{"Movie":"Breaking Dawn, 2004","Title":"Twilight Revamped: Can love win or will it be lost forever","Author":"Twihardcullenfan12345","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9369708","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Twilight Revamped: Can love win or will it be lost forever I watched in awe as a shooting star flew across the sky. It was really beautiful and it was actually the first that I had seen. \"Make a wish love\" a musical voice said behind me as cold hands wrapped around my waist. I turned my face to see Edward smiling my favourite crooked smile.\"I don't need to\" I whispered softly. He leaned in slowly until his face was inches from mine and i could feel his cold breath on my face. I leaned in covering that small distance and pressed my lips against his. His lips moved with me. I deepened the kiss but Edward pulled away. \"Sorry\" i said blushing. \"Its OK love just wait until you're a vampire so you would be less fragile\" he said. \"I'll wait\" i said. \"Hello Alice\" Edward said not looking away from me. I turned around as he released me. \"Come on Bella, i didn't make you sleep all day for nothing, you have rested so we need to help me decide some things about your wedding\" she said skipping gracefully over to me. She took my hand and dragged me to her room. \"Sorry love\" I heard Edward yell from behind me. Evil Pixie I muttered and heard laughter behind me. I followed her inside her room and sat on the sofa. \"OK, I have invited 3000 people and I need you to tell me what guests you want to invite\" she said happily. I stared at her shocked. I knew I didn't have 3000 friends but I didn't say anything about that. \" I want to invite Jessica,Angelina,mike,Eric and the pack\" I said. \"OK, now we have to decide about the cake,decoration and the arrangements\" she said. I groaned, this was going to be a long night. After seven hours we were finally done. I went downstairs and saw that everyone was I the living room. \"I'm going home, goodbye\". Rosalie and jasper just nodded. \"Goodbye dear\" Esme said. \"Goodbye Bella\" Carlisle and Alice said. \"Bye Bellsey Boo\" Emmet yelled making me jump. \"Do you want me to drive you love\" Edward asked. I nodded. I followed him to his car and smiled as he opened the car door for me. I sat in the car and put my seatbelt on as Edward started the car. The ride home was quiet. Both of us were lost in our own thoughts. \"Love we're home\". I looked up and said \"I'll see you later\", he nodded. I went to the door, I turned around just in time to see Edwards car speed away. I went inside and yelled \"Dad I'm home, do you want me to make you something to eat\" i asked. \"No I'm good\" he yelled back and I chuckled as i saw that his concentration was on the basketball game on TV. \"I'm going to bed\" I said. \"OK\" Charlie said. I went up to my room and opened my window. \"Edward\" I hissed as i looked around in the dark. I heard a chuckle behind me and turned around to see that Edward was sitting on my bed. He opened his arms inviting me in. \"Give me a human minute\". I went to the bathroom, quickly brushed my teeth and took a bath. I put on my shirt and jeans. I went outside to see that Edward hadn't moved an inch. I went and hugged him, he laid me down beside him and I snuggled into his side. \"I love you\" I said sleepily. \"I love you too\" he said. I drifted to sleep as I heard Edward humming my lullaby . ","Summary":" Twilight Revamped: Can love win or will it be lost forever I watched in awe as a shooting star flew"},{"Movie":"Breaking Dawn, 2004","Title":"intentando volver a amar","Author":"litzy de pattinson cullen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10065552","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Intentando volver a amar Prologo ¿Qué pasaría si después de la partida de Edward, a Bella se la llevaran los Vulturis?, Bella se convierte en princesa Vulturi y también la consentida de todo el palacio, sobre toco de Aro y Alec , su nuevo hermano, ella se convierte en la alegría del castillo y lo cambia todo. Edward se entera de la ubicación de Bella y va en su búsqueda para arreglar y deshacer aquella trágica despedida, pero, ¿Bella seguirá amándolo? ","Summary":" Intentando volver a amar Prologo ¿Qué pasaría si después de la partida de Edward, a Bella se la lle"},{"Movie":"Breaking Dawn, 2004","Title":"Acacia&Chris;(Breaking Dawn Inspired Story)","Author":"ahlexah","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8758913","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Since I was born, I remember seeing Chris' face all the time. He was always at our house. Always with my mom, never alone with my dad, and always holding me. Then I remember when I was five. My dad and Chris would fight, my mom would try to break it up. Chris would just take me out and spend time with me. \"Let's go get some ice-cream.\" he'd say. Then when I was ten. He'd come over everyday and since my mom was at work, he'd make sure I did my homework. And now I'm 13. My dad works from 9:00am to 5:00pm. My mom works from home but in her office in the basement. She drops me off school and Chris picks me up. I'm never allowed to do anything I wanna do without clearing it with Chris and my dad. My dad is very protective. But Chris is just way too over-protective. I had told them I needed some kids to come over to finish a project for school. They were okay with it. When they showed up, Chris freaked out, because it was two boys. They were just my friends. He made them leave right away. I had gotten so mad at Chris, i failed the project on purpose so he'd get upset. And I hadn't talked to him for two weeks. Then my mom told me I was being ridiculous to Uncle Chris and acting like a brat. She had always told me to call him uncle but it never stuck and it felt weird. Chris just felt better. Today, it is Christmas Day. I ran downstairs to open my gifts. My dad, mom and Chris were downstairs waiting for me. We all exchanged gifts. Chris had gotten me this ugly half bead/half string bracelet. he said it's a bond bracelet. I didn't mind being with him, but the bracelet was ugly. \"Put it on.\" he said smiling. \"No, not now.\" I said putting it away. \"Acacia, don't tell him no.\" said my mom. I glared at her returned to cleaning my gifts. My mom called me over. She was sitting right next to Chris on the couch. \"Listen now, I am not gonna do this on Christmas Day. SO you better listen or Chris will take you right home, do you understand?\"she asked. I nodded. \"APologize.\" she said pointing to Chris.\" \"I didn't say anything bad!\" I argued. \"Nanc, she's fine.\" he said, grabbing my arm and pulling me to his lap. he hugged around my waist. Just then my mother's mom. walked in. My grandma. I really couldn't stand her. They always hugged and kissed me all over. It killed me. They pinched my cheeks and gave me things like picture books for Christmas. She talked my parents out of buying me a cell phone for my birthday. My grandma's red lipstick always got on my cheeks and it was like impossible to get off. Last time she visited, I needed everyones help scrubbing my cheeks. First they said hello to my dad. \"You look great!\" she exclaimed to him. Well, my father is only 32, pretty young for a dad with a 13 year old. She started making her way over to us. \"Cacia! Come give your grandma a big kiss!\" she yelled across the room. I just sat there on Chris' lap, refusing to move. My mother looked at me with the 'get your ass up now, or you're grounded' look. I moaned, still sitting still. \"Hey, be nice.\" said Chris harshly into my ear. My Grandma ignored it and came up to me. Without me standing, she reached over and hugged my neck causing Chris to almost suffocate. She held on for so long and then when I thought she'd got up, bent down to shower me in kisses. Big, red, wet ones. I'd had enough and pushed her away. She flung backwards, landing on the coffee table. My dad stood up at the same time as Chris. I stood up, Chris still holding both my hands. My dad looked furious and pointed upstairs. I walked up, followed by my dad and Chris. My mom helped my Grandma up. I walked into my room and they followed. \"What the hell Acacia!\" yelled my dad. \"You don't even know how mad your mom is, I'm telling you now, one more thing and your home for the day, got it?\" \"Yes.\" i said and he closed the door. Now it was only Chris and I. He looked like he was gonna kill me. I laid back in my bed. He walked over and pulled my arms so I was sitting up. \"If you stay home all day, guess who's staying with you?\" he said, pointing to himself. \"And I'm letting you know now, if we stay home, it's not gonna be fun.\" he said. \"She was drowning me with kisses!\" I yelled. I really hate all germs and people, except my mom, dad, Chris and my Aunt and Uncles. \"Chris you know I hate that!\" I protested. \"You didn't have to push her!\" he said. \"Your mother is going to ground you, and make you apologize, so you better go down and get it over with now.\" he said, opening the door. I walked out followed by him. We walked downstairs. My mom and Grandma were sitting at the kitchen table. My dad was looking through the fridge. \"Ms. Cullen, there's something Acacia wants to tell you.\" said Chris. I started to talk, then stopped, getting distracted by her lips. Chris yanked my ponytail and I apologized. \"It's okay mama, come here.\" she said, patting her legs. I wasn't doing this again. I turned around and glanced at Chris, who made the same look my mom made before. I started walking towards her. \"You know ma, she has to go get ready.\" said my mom. I was so happy she saved me from that. I walked up to my room and wondered what I should wear. What do you wear to a house full of werewolves? Thats where we were going for Christmas. Their my mom and Chris' friends. I've been there before. There's one 15 year old, Seth. He's really fun and doesn't care what I do. Then theirs Paula, Sam's wife. She's so sweet and gets me anything I want. And then Paula and Sam's kids and nieces and nephews all live with them. It's a lot of people in one house. I always have fun. Then Seth winds up taking me to do something fun, then my mom finds out and i'm in trouble. Fun right? Just then my mom walked in. \"What're you gonna wear?\" she asked. \"I don't know yet. What are you supposed to wear to a werewolf house?\" I replied. \"Cacia, you've been their many times before.\" she said. \"Yeah, but its Christmas.\" I argued. \"Wear a dress. Your red one. Your black hair looks amazing with it.\" she said. I rummaged through my closet and found it. It was such a beautiful dress. My dad had gotten it for me last year for my birthday. I actually lost weight since then, a lot. SO it still fits, and is sort of loose. But its beautiful. I slipped it on. I got my shoes on. Then I curled my hair. Long lock of black hair. It was gorgeous. i was gorgeous. I know I sound conceded, but I am pretty. And I know it. Everyone does. I'm pretty without make-up. Unlike the girls at my school, that cake it on. They look like barbies. My dad told me if I ever wore that much makeup he'd rip my face off. Knowing him, I believed it. I heard my mom call my name from downstairs. Everyone was dressed and ready to go. We all piled into my dad's car and left. I had to sit in the middle, between Chris and my Grandma. I begged him to sit in the middle, but he said no. SHe kept holding my hand, and hugging me. I looked at him once and moved onto his lap. My dad kept looking at me through the mirror. When we arrived at the Wolfe's house, we all got out and went in. There were Christmas decorations everywhere. And a hell of a lot of people. I was overwhelmed at first. I don't like meeting new people, or saying hello, or hugs and kisses. I scoped the room for Seth, but he was nowhere to be found. My mom and dad went around saying hello. \"Acacia come here.\" said my mom, smiling. She obviously wanted me to meet someone. I pretended i didn't hear her. \"Go.\" said Chris. \"I know you heard her.\" I turned and he was standing right behind me. I rolled my eyes and walked towards my mom. She introduced me to some big, tan lady. SHe reminded me of my grandma, except a lot darker. \"Nice to meet you darlin. Your gawgus! Gawgus!\" she said hugging me. My face was buried in her boobs. As soon as she started talking with my mom again, I walked away. I ran up to Chris, who was holding a drink. \"Did you see Seth?\" I asked. \"He's at home. He's sick.\" he said swallowing. My mouth dropped open. \"Are you kidding? What am I supposed to do all day?\" I asked. \"All the cousins are here! Go talk with Elisa.\" he called her over. He introduced us. I didn't talk once. I pulled him over to the side. \"Can you just take me home?\" I asked. \"No, Acacia, if I tell your mom I'm taking you home, she's gonna think you've done something bad.\" he said. \"Please?\" I begged again. \"No! Now go do something, or your gonna be bored all day.\" he said. I trudged away from him. I walked into the basement where all the cousins were playing. There was about 20 of them. And the oldest was Seth, 15, who wasn't even here. Everyone was screaming and running around. I fell onto the couch and just sat there watching everyone. A few minutes later Chris came down and said hi to everyone. All the little girls hooked onto his legs. He tried to shake them off and sat on the couch next to me. Ever since I was born, and he imprinted on me, he's never been able to stay far away from me. I threw my head back and tried to fall asleep. But with all the noise it was kind of impossible to do. \"Do you wanna go eat something?\" he asked. \"No, I'm not hungry.\" I said. \"You didn't eat dinner last night, you din't eat anything this morning, how are you not hungry?\" he asked. Then his eyes widened. \"Are you doing this again?\" he said loudly. I know what he thought was going on. Last year, I had starved myself for a long time. I got really skinny and really sick. \"NO, i'm just not hungry.\" i said calmly. \"Go upstairs and eat something, now.\" he said in his stern voice. \"Chris I'm just not hungry!\" I yelled. \"Come on!\" he said. \"No, I'm not hungry, and I'm not starving myself again!~ My god, Chris, you always think its something bad! Just let me be!\" I said. ALl the cousins were looking at us now. Chris grabbed my wrist and pulled me upstairs. He led me t the table of food. He handed me a plate. I knew there was no use in fighting with him, because I'd wind up in trouble anyway. I took the plate and dropped a few french fries on it. Then I walked away. \"Thats not all your eating.\" he said. \"Chris, please, stop, i'm fine. I'm not hungry i'll eat later. i will.\" i said to him. ","Summary":" Since I was born, I remember seeing Chris' face all the time. He was always at our house. Always wi"},{"Movie":"Breaking Dawn, 2004","Title":"Twilight","Author":"Sasha Pattinson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8688279","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Haiii~~~~nama saya Sasha...dan ini fanfiction saya yang pertama! So, maaf kalo rada2 gaje,typo,campur-campur bahasa inggris atau lainnya...saya buat fanfiction karna saya terinspirasi dengan manga, film,novel yang pernah saya lihat. Salah satunya The Twilight Saga Series . Jadi ada banyak serinya..nah sekarang saya mau ngambil yang seri 1 yaitu Twilight . Yang menceritakan tentang awal cerita cinta Edward and Bella. Tapi disini saya nyeritainnya kalau salah satu anggota The Cullen itu jahat, So Enjoy! (^o^)/ But, IF YOU DONT LIKE, DONT READ! And don't forget to comment :) Twilight Twilight © Stephanie Meyer Pairing : Edward Cullen & Bella Swan Genre : Romance, Drama, Supernatural, Crime (just a little) Rated : T (Teen 13+) This is TOTALLY FAN FICTION SashaPattinsonFanFiction© \"Wahh\" ucapku sambil menguap. Aku mengucek mataku. Aku membuka korden jendelaku. Kulihat di sekitar rumah ayahku hanya hutan belantara yang sangat dingin. Tak seperti di Phoenix, sangat panas dan gersang. Aku Isabella Marie Swan anak dari Charlie Swan dan Renee Dwyer. Orang tuaku bercerai. Selama ini aku tinggal bersama ibuku. Ibuku menikah dengan pemain baseball liga kecil yaitu Phill Dwyer. Aku tau ibuku tak bahagia bila tinggal dirumah bersamaku, jadi aku memutuskan untuk tinggal di Forks bersama ayahku. Ayahku seorang kepala polisi yang disegani di Forks. Hari ini adalah hari pertama aku pergi ke sekolah baruku. Forks High School. Murid berjumlah 357. Sekarang 358. Segera setelah merapikan tempat tidur, aku segera ke kamar mandi untuk membersihkan diri. Setelah selesai, aku segera turun kebawah dan menghabiskan sarapanku bersama Charlie. \"Sudah mau berangkat?\" ujar ayahku pelan. \"Ya.\" jawabku singkat. \"Aku mempunyai sesuatu untukmu\" ucap ayahku. Aku pun mengikuti ayahku menuju garasi mobil. Dan WOW... ada sebuah truk merah muda yang sudah mulai berkarat. \"Hadia untukmu\" ucap ayahku. \"Hah?Untukku? Wow..terima kasih dad ...\" ucapku. \"Ya sama-sama,cepatlah berangkat, jangan sampai telat di hari pertama.\" ucap ayahku sambil meninggalkanku di garasi. Dengan segera aku mengeluarkan truk usang itu keluar garasi dan segera berangkat ke sekolah. Tak sulit menemukan sebuah sekolah dengan papan nama yang besar. Aku segera memarkirkan truk usang ini di depan sebuah ruangan yang bertuliskan \"TATA USAHA\" aku segera mematikan mesin truk ini yang suaranya sangat menderu keras. Dengan langkah cepat aku segera masuk ke gedung sekolah. Secara tiba-tiba aku bertabrakan dengan seorang pemuda yang berkulit dingin dan pucat. Dengan gesit ia menangkapku yang hampir jatuh. Aku bertatapan dengan mata hitamnya yang tajam. \"M-maaf..\"ucapnya terbata-bata sembari menahan napas. \"Y-ya.. tak apa...\" ujarku. Dengan cepat ia pergi dari hadapanku. Aku pun segera melanjutkan jalanku. Sampailah aku di kelas pertamaku yaitu kelas biologi. Aku segera memasuki kelas biologi dan terkejut bahwa pemuda yang aku temui itu juga ada disitu. Saat aku melewati kipas angin, tiba-tiba ia menutup hidungnya. ' apa ada yang aneh denganku?' batinku sambil memperhatikan tampilanku. Aku menyerahkan surat ijinku kepada Mr. Molina. Mr. Molina menyerahkan buku dan menyediakan tempat duduk disebelahnya. Tiba2 ia duduk menjauh. ' ada apa sih dia?' batinku sambil mencium bau rambutku. baunya strawberry seperti sampo yang baru aku gunakan tadi pagi. 'orang aneh' batinku. Pelajaran pun berlangsung. Selama jam pelajaran, ia terus melihat kerahku. Dan saat aku meliriknya, ia langsung berdiri tepat saat bel berbunyi. Ia keluar kelas sebelum yang lain berdiri. Istirahat pun tiba, aku duduk bersama teman-teman baruku yaitu, Angela, Eric, Mike dan Jessica. Mejaku bersebrangan dengan lelaki pucat itu. Ia menatapku dengan penuh kebencian. Aku tak tau apa maksud pandangannya yang tajam itu. Aku segera memalingkan wajahku dan menghabiskan makananku. \"Hei Angela, siapa mereka?\" tanyaku penasaran. \"Oh? Mereka? Mereka adalah The Cullens. Yang berbadan besar nan kekar itu Emmet, yang disebelahnya yang berambut pirang dan berwajah cantik itu Rosalie, yang disebelahnya lagi itu Jasper seperti orang sakit dan ia bersama Alice yang berperawakan mungil seperti peri, dan yang terakhir itu adalah Edward Cullen, sangat tampan, tapi sayangnya tak seorang wanitapun dapat menarik perhatiannya.\" jawabnya. \"Wow\" responku. \"Hei, siapapun yang kalian bicarakan, mereka datang\" ucap Eric tiba-tiba. Aku terkejut melihat mereka berjalan menuju tempat kami. Secara tiba-tiba 'Emmet' menarik tanganku dan membawaku menjauh dari teman2ku. \"Hei! Lepaskan aku!Hei! apa mau kalian?\" Ucapku memberontak. Dia tetap menarikku tanpa mengucapkan satu kata sedikitpun. Aku tetap mencoba untuk melepaskan genggaman tangannya yang sangat kuat. Tiba-tiba di depanku muncul wanita rambut prang itu. Dia membawa ikatan berwarna hitam, ia langsung menutup mataku. Aku tak bisa lihat apa-apa. Hanya warna hitam. Aku menghapalkan setiap langkahku. Dengan konyolnya aku juga menghitung setiap langkahku. Emmet menggiringku ke suatu ruangan sunyi yang lumayan kecil. Disana aku langsung dilepaskan ikatan kepalaku yang untuk menutup mataku, sebelumnya tanganku diikat kebelakang. \"Ouch!\" kepalaku terbentur. \"Uuuuuu...emmm sepertinya darah sudah mengalir dari itu...\"ucap Emmet sambil memegang kepalaku yang sudah berdarah. Dia menjilat darah itu dan tiba-tiba ia menjadi seperti sangat ganas, \"Em.\" panggil Rosalie. \"Sorry\" ucap Emmet. \"Well,well what we've got here...a delicious human\" ucapnya. Setelah mendengar kata-kata itu aku terkejut. \"H-h-human?\" tanyaku terbata-bata. \"Yap, we are the vampire, blodsucking demon\" ucapnya. \"Rose, jgn bermain-main dgn dia\" ucap seseorang yang suaranya aku tidak kenal. \"James...\" ucap seorang wanita. Mereka berciuman dengan penuh gairah. Aku menutup mata entah kenapa. \"Jadi dia?\" ucap si wanita tersebut. \"Apa 'dia' akan menariknya?seperti umpan?\" lanjutnya. \"Ya bau darahnya yang sangat menyengat pasti akan memicunya\" ucap Rosalie. \"Lakukan\" ucap wanita berambut merah itu. ~SashaPattinsonFanFiction©~ ~SashaPattinsonFanFiction©~ \"Edward!\" sapa Alice dengan gembira. Dia tak menjawabnya hanya dengan muka tanpa ekspresi. \"Ahh...\" Alice tiba-tiba berhenti dan melamun untuk sementara. Edward memasang muka khawatir. \"What is it Alice?\" Ucap Jasper. \"A-a-aku melihat Bella, di kamar kecil yang gelap dan...berlumuran darah...aku-aku menciumnya dari sini...\" ujarnya. \"Yeah...aku juga\" ucap Jasper. Edward langsung berlari secepat kilat. Beberapa menit kemudian, ia sampai di depan pintu. Ia mendobraknya, dan ia melihatku yang berlumuran darah. Tiba2 James datang. \"Well, who's here?Edward. Kau lihat?Darah. Darah manusia. Yang telah kaudambakan selama ini...sekarang sudah ada di depan matamu... nikmati\" ujarnya sambil meninggalkan kami berdua. ' Gawat!' batinku sambil mencoba untuk melepaskan ikatanku. \"Ugrhh!\" gerangku sambil melepas ikatanku. ' sedikit lagi...ayo Bella sedikit lagii...cepat!ahh terlepas!' batinku. \"Bella\" ucapnya dengan rasa kekhawatiran yang sangat dalam. \"Maafkan aku\" ucapnya sambil memegang pipiku dengan tangannya yang dingin. \"Maaf, aku t-t-tidak dapat menahannya...\" ucapnya sambil menggigit leherku. \"Ouchh! Ahhhh\" teriakku. Tiba-tiba ia berhenti. \"Bella! I'm so sorry...\" ucapnya. \"Arghhh...arghhh panas...leherku arghhh\" teriakku.' apa ini...zat yang sangat membakar!arghhhh seseorang lemparkan air untukku!arghhhhh panassssssss!arghhh' . \"Bella\" tiba-tiba Alice muncul. \"Edward! kau harus menghentikannya! ambil racun dari dalam dirinya! sekarang!\" ucap Jasper. \"Ada pilihan lain?\" tanyanya. ' bodoh cepat ambil racunmu kembali!' . \"LAKUKAN!sekarang! dia hanya punya beberapa menit terakhir!\" teriak Alice panik. \"Baiklah\" ucapnya sambil menggigit ku di leher. \"EHMM...\" . \" Edward stop, darahnya sudah bersih...edward...\"ucap Jasper. Setelah kejadian itu aku pingsan. Saat aku terbangun aku sudah di rumah sakit. Ibuku di sebelah ku. Edward, dia sedang tertidur. \"Mom?\" ucapku saat membuka mataku. \"Bella...\" ucap ibuku lega. \"M-mom...apa..apa yang terjadi dengan ku?\" tanyaku sambil menahan rasa sakit dileher. \"Bella...kau tidak ingat?\" tanya ibuku. \"No\" ucapku sambil menggelengkan kepalaku. \"Ohh Bella...saat kau kabur dari Forks, kau pergi ke Phoenix, lalu kau diajak Ayah Edward untuk menginap di hotel mereka, tiba- tiba saat kau naik tangga, kau terjatuh dan membenturkan kepalamu...banyak sekali kaca yang menancap di lehermu...untung saja mereka dengan cepat mengatasi keadaanmu...\" ucap ibuku sambil mengelus kepalaku. \"Edward...di-dimana dia?\" tanyaku. \"Dia disana tertidur pulas dan tak meninggalkanmu.\" ucapnya dengan tatapan mata coklatnya. \"Mom, bisakah kau tinggalkan kami berdua?\" tanyaku dgn penuh harapan. \"Sure, aku akan ke kafetaria\" ucapnya sambil meninggalkan kami berdua. Tiba-tiba Edward terbangun dan langsung duduk disebelahku. \"Kau tak apa?maaf kan aku...karna aku..kau jadi seperti ini...seharusnya aku melindungi sejak awal\" ucapnya dengan perasaan bersalah. \"No, aku taka pa, sebenarnya...harusnya aku yang lebih waspada...\" ucapku membelanya. \"Bella,seharusnya kau tinggal disini, Jasper akan menghapus memorimu tentang keberadaan kami.\" Ucapnya. \"Hah? NO! Aku tak mau tinggal disini...walaupun aku tau kau bukan manusia, tak apa aku tak peduli! No...kau tak bisa menghapus memoriku...aku tau keberadaan kalian harusnya dirahasiakan...aku akan melakukannya...\" ucapku panjang lebar. \"Baiklah...aku akan berjanji akan melindungimu dimana pun dan kapanpun...\" ucapnya sambil mengecup jidatku. ~SashaPattinsonFanFiction©~ ~SashaPattinsonFanFiction©~ ~1 Bulan kemudian~ *telepon berdering* \"Halo?\" jawabku. \"Bella, ini Edward, apa kau punya waktu kosong minggu ini?\" tanyanya dgn penuh harapan. \"Ya\" jawabku dengan senang. \"Begini, aku punya sepasang tiket untuk pergi ke taman rekreasi, apa kau mau?\" jelasnya. \"Ya, minggu ini aku bebas. Kapan?\" tanyaku balik. \"Sabtu besok jam 8 pagi, kujemput kau.\" Ucapnya. \"Oke,bye\" *pip* kumatikan teleponku dengan penuh kegembiraan. Inikah kencan pertamaku? \"Aaaaaaaaa\" aku berteriak di dalam kamar. Membayangkan bahwa aku berkencan dengan lelaki yang paling tampan di SMA. ~Pada Hari Sabtu~Jam 7.30 pagi~ ' aku harus cepat!ini kencan pertam ku! Aku harus cepat!' setelah selesai berpakaian aku langsung turun kebwah dan langsung menyambar roti dan susuku, kumakan rotinku dan kuteguk susuku. Aku mengelap mulutku yang kotor karna terkena susu. Aku memperbaiki penampilanku. Lukaku di leher masih berbekas, tapi tak akan terlalu terlihat bila tertutup rambutku. ~8.00~ *Pimpim* sebuah mobil Volvo dating menjemputku, itu adalah mobil Edward. Aku segera keluar rumah dan menguncinya dan aku langsung berjalan menuju mobil dan kami berangkat. Sesampainya di taman rekreasi kami menaiki beberaa wahana yaitu rooler coaster,haunted house, dan wahana ekstrim lainnya. ~19.30~ 'sudah mulai gelap' batinku. \"Ayo kita naik yang itu\" ucapku sambil menunjuk biang lala. Kami pun naik ke wahan itu. Pemandangan malam pun terlihat sangat indah. Tiba2 Edward memegang tanganku. \"Bella, I love you\" ucapnya sambil memegang pipiku. \"Me too\" ucap ku sambil menatap matanya yang emas itu. Kami berciuman dengan mesra. Inilah ciuman pertamaku. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~THE END~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ","Summary":" Haiii~~~~nama saya Sasha...dan ini fanfiction saya yang pertama! So, maaf kalo rada2 gaje,typo,camp"},{"Movie":"Breaking Dawn, 2004","Title":"Minkey Wedding","Author":"minkey0921","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9493005","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 3 bulan sebelum Hari H…. Febuari 2013 Minho tersenyum pada seorang lelaki dan berjabat tangan dengannya. Ia mengucapkan terima kasih pada lelaki itu, begitu juga seorang gadis yang berdiri disampingnya. Ia tersenyum dan mengucapkan terima kasih pada lelaki itu. Minho lalu membungkukkan badannya dan berpamitan dengan lelaki itu, ia menggenggam tangan gadis yang bersamanya dan melangkah meninggalkan gedung. \" kau suka tempatnya kan ? \" tanya Minho . \" apa aku masih harus menjawabnya ? \" tanya gadis itu kembali sambil tertawa kecil. \" araaa… aku ingin yang terbaik untuk kita .. \" jawab Minho, ia mencium tangan gadis yang digenggamnya. \" araaa .. \" jawab gadis itu. 8 Desember 2012 . Minho membawa satu buket bunga lily putih, bunga kesukaan Kim Gwiboon, kekasihnya. Ia berjalan mendekati Gwiboon yang tidak menyadari kehadiran Minho. Ia masih asik mengobrol dengan temannya. Minho mencoba menenangkan dirinya yang nervous, telapak tangannya mulai basah dan saat dia mulai dekat dengan Gwiboon, Gwiboon menoleh dan terkejut melihat Minho. Minho berlutut dengan satu kakinya dan memberikan buket bunga itu pada Gwiboon. Minho menyanyi sebait lagu Lee Seunggi – Will You Marry Me untuk Gwiboon. Gwiboon menutup wajahnya, ia tidak menyangka Minho akan melamarnya seperti ini, dengan cara berlutut seperti ini, dan sehari sebelum ulang tahun Minho sendiri. Tanpa Gwiboon sadari, Gwiboon meneteskan air mata, bukan air mata kesedihan tapi air mata bahagia. Gwiboon tertawa kecil dan mengangguk dengan pasti. Terdengar suara riuh dari teman-teman Gwiboon yang menyaksikan moment itu, mereka bersorak dan ikut bahagia dengan keputusan Gwiboon. Mereka mengucapkan selamat. Minho mengeluarkan kotak kecil dari saku jasnya, sebuah cincin putih simple dengan berlian yang menghiasinya, cincin yang sempurna untuk jari mungil Gwiboon. Minho memasangkan cincin itu di jari manis sebelah kanan Gwiboon. Senyum gadis itu semakin lebar dan air matanya menetes lagi, ia memandang cincin yang begitu pas dijarinya. Lalu ia merasa ada dua tangan yang memeluk pinggangnya. Minho menggendong Gwiboon dan berputar layaknya anak kecil. Gwiboon memeluk leher Minho dengan erat seolah takut Minho akan melepaskannya. Minho menurunkan Gwiboon dan menghapus airmatanya, Minho merapikan rambut coklat Gwiboon dan mencium kening gadis itu. Gwiboon memeluk Minho tanpa ragu, membenamkan wajahnya di dada bidang kekasihnya. Januari 2013 Minho dan Gwiboon mulai disibukkan oleh persiapan pernikahan mereka, mulai dari gedung pernikahan, gaun pengantin, undangan, makanan, dan semua yang mereka butuhkan. Walaupun Gwiboon adalah seorang designer tapi ia memilih untuk mempercayakan gaun pengantinnya pada Nicole dan Jessica sahabatnya. Mereka ingin pernikahan yang sempurna karena pernikahan adalah sesuatu yang sakral dan hanya akan mereka lakukan satu kali seumur hidup mereka. Gwiboon terlihat sedikit setres dengan semua persiapan ini, seperti orang-orang bilang persiapan pernikahan lebih sulit dan melelahkan dibandingkan dengan pernikahan itu sendiri. Tapi ia tidak sendiri, Taeyeon adiknya ikut membantunya dalam memilih ini itu, dan terutama Minho. Minho tidak pernah meninggalkan Gwiboon, ia juga selalu menemani Gwiboon kemanapun Gwiboon memintanya walaupun ia sendiri cukup sibuk mengurus perusahaannya. \" yeobo.. pink or purple ? \" tanya Gwiboon. Mereka sedang memilih warna untuk undangan pernikahan mereka. \" hmm…. Kenapa harus pink atau ungu ? \" tanya Minho. \" kenapa tidak pink atau ungu ? \" tanya Gwiboon balik . \" but baby, it's too girly .. \" jawab Minho. \" well, I'm a girl .. \" sahut Gwiboon. Minho memutar bola matanya. Saat-saat seperti ini adalah saat yang melelahkan, saat mereka memiliki perbedaan pendapat dan keras kepala mempertahankan keinginan mereka masing-masing. Terkadang ibu Minho akan menjemput Gwiboon dan membawanya pergi untuk menjauh dari Minho, karena kalau tidak akan ada perang diantara pasangan itu. Gwiboon menarik lengan Minho sambil menunjukkan dua undangan yang dinggenggamnya, Minho menghela nafas lalu menggeleng. Gwiboon mengerutkan alisnya dan wajahnya berubah menjadi kesal, ia mulai mengeluh dengan keputusan Minho yang menginginkan warna lain selain pink atau ungu. Volume suara Gwiboon semakin nyaring dan membuat Minho mulai kesal. Minho mengacak rambutnya lalu mencium bibir Gwiboon agar gadis itu tenang. Like a magic, Gwiboon diam tanpa mengeluh atau mengeluarkan sepatah katapun. Minho menatap undangan yang bertebaran diatas meja dihadapannya, tidak mempedulikan Gwiboon yang masih mematung. Minho menarik satu undangan dengan warna putih dan hitam, undangan itu cukup unik karena berbentuk seperti jas pria. \" how about this ? it's cute right ? \" Minho menunjukkan undangan yang digenggamnya pada Gwiboon. Gwiboon hanya mengangguk pelan. Minho tersenyum menang dan menyerahkan undangan itu pada seorang karyawan yang akan membantu mereka mengurus undangan itu. Minho kembali menoleh pada Gwiboon dan menarik Gwiboon agar duduk dipangkuannya. \" apa kau ingin diam seperti ini terus menerus ? \" \" kau curang Minho… I hate you.. \" ucap Gwiboon menatap Minho tajam. \" no you don't .. \" Minho tersenyum. \" yes, I do! I hate you so much.. \" jawab Gwiboon. Minho tertawa mendengar jawaban Gwiboon, tapi Gwiboon semakin merajuk. \" okay, I hate you too .. \" ucap Minho simple . \" WHAT ? \" teriak Gwiboon. \" yang boleh bicara seperti itu hanya aku Minho, kau harusnya membujukku, mengucapkan kata-kata romantis, mentraktirku es krim atau membelikanku baju baru atau sepatu atau parfum atau apapun itu…. \" Minho menutup matanya mendengarkan omelan Gwiboon, tapi senyumnya tidak pernah hilang. Ia senang mendengar Gwiboon mengoceh seperti ini, ia membuka matanya perlahan dan menatap wajah Gwiboon yang hanya berjarak beberap centi dari wajahnya. \" kau sudah selesai ? \" tanya Minho. \" hmmm belum, masih banyak yang harus ku katakan padamu… \" jawab Gwiboon. \" and what is it ? \" \" I love you… \" Gwiboon menunduk dan mencium Minho, Minho tersenyum dan menarik Gwiboon agar semakin dekat dengannya. Mereka tenggelam dengan kegiatan mereka sampai akhirnya ada suara seseorang yang memanggil nama Minho. Mereka dengan terpaksa melepaskan satu sama lain. \" umm, sorry, I'm interrupting you guys.. \" Minho menatap seseorang yang memanggilnya, \" Deanna…. \" Minho mendorong Gwiboon pelan dan berdiri dari posisinya. \" Minho.. I can't believe we meet in here… \" gadis yang dipanggil Deanna itu mendekati Minho dan memeluknya secara bebas. Gwiboon mengerutkan alisnya menatap gadis itu. Minho sendiri merasa tidak nyaman dan menoleh pada Gwiboon. \" hey Minho, I miss you so much.. \" ucap gadis itu lagi. Lalu gadis itu menoleh pada Gwiboon. \" siapa dia ? \" Minho mundur satu langkah dan menarik Gwiboon agar mendekat padanya, \" Deanna, this is Kim Gwiboon.. my wife .. Gwiboon-ah, this Deanna, my… old friend.. \" \" what ? your wife ? old friend ? are you kidding me Minho ? \" tanya gadis itu . Gwiboon terlihat agak kesal, \" yes. I'm his wife .. what do you want ? \" Minho tau benar jika Gwiboon sedang kesal dan cemburu. ia memeluk Gwiboon dari belakang. \" ada apa Deanna ? \" tanya Minho. \" kau sudah menikah Minho ? \" tanya gadis itu. \" akan… \" sahut Gwiboon. \" aku tidak bertanya padamu… \" ucap Deanna. \" aku tau, tapi kau bertanya pada suamiku dan aku berhak menjawabnya.. \" jawab Gwiboon. \" apa maumu ? kau siapa ? \" \" dia tidak tau siapa aku, Minho-ah ? \" \" dia tidak perlu tau karena tidak ada hal penting tentang dirimu .. \" jawab Minho. \" what ?! \" \" aku pikir urusan kita sudah selesai disini, let's go home .. \" ajak Minho. Gwiboon memasangkan kembali jas Minho yang tadi dilepasnya, mengambil tasnya lalu meninggalkan gadis itu sendirian tanpa menoleh. \" siapa dia ? \" tanya Gwiboon . \" let's talk about it later. I'm hungry now .. \" jawab Minho. Minho bersandar disofa dengan Gwiboon yang berbaring dipangkuannya, Minho mengusap lembut rambut panjang Gwiboon sambil merapikan poni gadis itu. Mereka memang tinggal bersama disebuah apartemen walaupun belum menikah, karena ibunya Minho yang menyuruh mereka. Mrs Choi bilang, mereka bisa mulai belajar untuk memahami karakter masing-masing sebelum terikat dalam pernikahan yang sesungguhnya. Gwiboon banyak belajar selama mereka tinggal bersama, Gwiboon semakin tau kebiasaan-kebiasaan yang Minho lakukan jika ia sedang dirumah, banyak yang Gwiboon pelajari selama ia tinggal bersama kekasihnya. \" lalu ? \" \" yeahh, kami berpisah lalu aku kembali ke Seoul lalu bekerja memiliki perusahaan, pada suatu hari aku harus menemani sahabatku Jonghyun untuk datang ke fashion show, lalu ia mengenalkanku pada seorang designer muda, seorang gadis bernama Kim Gwiboon dan—\" \" stop! Bukan itu maksudku! \" Gwiboon bangkit dan duduk disamping Minho. Minho tertawa. \" lalu ? \" \" kenapa kalian berpisah ? lalu kenapa ia masih memelukmu ? apa kalian masih berhubungan ? \" \" bukankah aku sudah menjawabnya ? kami berpisah karena tidak ada kecocokan diantara kami. Aku tidak pernah berhubungan dengannya selama di Seoul, sebelum mengenalmu sampai saat ini.. aku tidak tau, yaahhh… american style maybe ? kau tau kan di amerika skinship tidak masalah.. \" Gwiboon diam, mencoba mencerna kalimat calon suaminya. Ia lalu berdiri dan berjalan menuju dapur untuk mengambil puding strawberry. Minho tau, saat ini Gwiboon sedang cemburu. Gwiboon akan langsung mencari puding strawberry jika ia merasa cemburu atau emosi, ia bilang puding strawberry bisa menenangkan dirinya. Minho berdiri dan beranjak dari sofa, mendekati kekasihnya. \" kau cemburu ? \" tanya Minho. \" ani.. \" jawab Gwiboon singkat tanpa memandang Minho. \" Gwiboon… \" \" kau masih menyimpan perasaan padanya ? \" tanya Gwiboon. Minho terkejut, \" what ? Gwiboon, bagaimana mungkin kau berpikir seperti itu ? \" Gwiboon hanya mengangkat kedua bahunya. Puding ditangannya sudah habis, ia lalu mengikat rambutnya seperti buntut kuda dan meninggalkan Minho masuk kedalam kamar. Minho mengikutinya. Gwiboon berbaring diatas kasur lalu menyelimuti dirinya dengan selimut tebal, Gwiboon memejamkan matanya dan berusaha untuk tidur. Tapi ia tau usahanya akan sia-sia karena ia merasakan Minho yang berada dibelakangnya. \" Gwiboon…. Gwiboon-ah…. \" Gwiboon berbalik dan menatap Minho, \" aku tidak menyimpan perasaan apapun untuk Deanna, jika iya, aku tidak akan melamarmu, aku tidak akan bersamamu karena aku pasti memintanya kembali sejak dulu.. apa kau meragukanku ? \" Gwiboon menatap Minho lama, lalu menutup matanya. \" I'm sorry Minho… I just.. you know… this…. Persiapan ini membuatku….. \" \" sssstttt… let's forget about it.. \" Minho mencium kening Gwiboon. Minho berbaring dan menarik Gwiboon agar mendekat padanya, Minho memeluk Gwiboon erat. Menjaga gadis cantik itu dari dingin. Gwiboon mendongak menatap Minho dan membelai wajah pemuda itu. Gwiboon tersenyum, ia merasa begitu bahagia dengan apa yang ia miliki saat ini. Menjadi seorang designer, memiliki butik, Minho dan pernikahan mereka yang akan dilaksanakan sebentar lagi. \" I love you Choi… \" \" I love you too Mrs. Choi Gwiboon.. \" Gwiboon tertawa kecil dan mencium Minho. Febuari 2013 \" ya! Bagaimana mungkin kalian bisa salah ukur ? \" teriak Gwiboon. Jessica, Nicole, Jonghyun dan Dongwoon menutup telinga mereka, hanya Minho yang tertawa kecil. \" Gwiboon-ah, kami tidak salah ukur tapi sepertinya kau bertambah gendut .. \" ucap Jessica pelan. \" MWOOO ?! AKU BERTAMBAH GENDUT ? MAKSUDMU SEKARANG AKU GENDUT ? AKU TIDAK LANGSING LAGI ? BODY KU TIDAK BAGUS LAGI ? HAH ? \" keempat temannya kembali menutup telinga mereka karena tidak tahan mendengar teriakannya. \" a..ani Gwiboon-ah … \" Nicole menjadi gagap. \" Minho-yaaaaaa …. \" rengek Gwiboon. Minho tersenyum dan menarik Gwiboon kedalam pelukannya. \" I'm fat Minho-ya . I will be the fattest bride in the world .. \" rengeknya. Ia membuat suara seperti menangis walaupun semua tau kalau ia hanya berpura-pura. \" ya! Kim Gwiboon, kau terlalu berlebihan .. \" sahut Jonghyun. \" shut up jjong! Aku tidak berlebihan, Jessica sendiri yang bilang kalau aku gendut .. \" Gwiboon kembali membenamkan wajahnya di dada Minho. Minho hanya membelai punggung mulus Gwiboon yang tidak tertutup karena gaun pengantinnya memang sengaja dibuat dengan model punggung yang lebar. \" okay. Kami akan membenarkan gaunmu .. lagipula pernikahan kalian masih 3 bulan lagi .. \" ucap Nicole. \" NO! \" jawab Gwiboon. Minho menatapnya, \" aku akan diet.. beri aku waktu hmmmm… \" Gwiboon berpikir mungkin menghitung. \" beri aku waktu 1 bulan .. jangan pernah kalian ubah ukuran gaunku! Understand ? \" Jessica dan Nicole mengangguk, \" uwaaa, Kim Gwiboon benar-benar… \" Dongwoon berbisik pada Jonghyun. \" ya! Son Dongwoon, kau akan tau bagaimana rasanya jika kau menikah nanti … \" sahut Minho. \" menikah ? hahaha… aku bahkan tidak memiliki kekasih .. \" jawab Dongwoon. \" ask Nicole .. \" sahut Jonghyun. \" ya! \" wajah Nicole bersemu merah. Begitu juga Dongwoon. \" yeobo.. bantu aku melepas gaun ini .. \" kata Gwiboon pada Minho. \" kau ingin dibantu Minho ? bukan kami ? \" tanya Nicole. \" ya! Aku masih marah pada kalian .. \" Gwiboon menjulurkan lidahnya pada Jessica dan Nicole. \" marah ? kenapa kau marah ? kami tidak salah apa-apa.. yang gendut itu kau Kim Gwiboon, bukan salah kami gaunmu jadi tidak cukup.. \" sahut Jessica. Wajah Gwiboon kembali terlihat emosi, \" JESSICAAAAAAAAAAA ! \" Minho menggendong Gwiboon dan membawanya ke ruang ganti dan menutup tirainya. Minho mengikat rambut panjang Gwiboon dengan berantakan, Gwiboon masih saja mengomel tentang betapa jahatnya Jessica yang mengatainya gendut. Minho hanya diam, tangannya mulai bergerak menurunkan ritsleting gaun Gwiboon, melepaskan gaun itu dari tubuh Gwiboon lalu memasangkan kembali dress yang Gwiboon gunakan tadi. Gwiboon masih mengeluh hanya saja suaranya tidak senyaring tadi, Minho melepas ikatan rambut Gwiboon dan merapikannya dengan tangannya sendiri. Minho tersenyum walaupun sebenarnya ia juga sangat lelah dan stres dengan semua persiapan ini, tapi sebagai laki-laki ia harus lebih kuat daripada Gwiboon. Jika ia saja terlihat lemah, bagaimana ia bisa menjaga Gwiboon ? \" Minho-ya.. \" \" hmm baby ? \" Minho menunduk untuk memasangkan sepatu heels Gwiboon. Gwiboon menarik Minho agar kembali berdiri. \" apa aku benar-benar gendut ? \" tanya Gwiboon serius. Minho tersenyum, tidak langsung menjawab ia membuka tirai, memanggil Jessica dan Nicole untuk mengambil gaun pengantin Gwiboon lalu memeluk Gwiboon. \" tidak, jika kau gendut aku tidak akan kuat menggendongmu lagi.. \" \" tapi gaunnya .. \" Minho mencium bibir Gwiboon yang mencibir, memeluk pinggang mungil gadis itu dan menariknya agar semakin mendekat. Mereka bertahan dengan posisi seperti itu beberapa saat sampai bunyi handphone Minho menginterupsi mereka. Minho mengeluarkan handphonenya dari kantong celananya, ibunya. \" yoboseyo .. ne…. hmmm, ia merajuk karena gaunnya tiba-tiba tidak muat…. Ne ? ahh … \" Minho menyerahkan handphonenya pada Gwiboon. \" umma .. \" Gwiboon menerima handphone Minho dan pergi menjauh, mencari tempat yang sepi, \" ummaaaaa \" Gwiboon kembali merengek. Minho keluar dari ruang ganti dan mendekati Dongwoon dan Jonghyun, duduk di sofa yang memang disediakan untuk pengunjung. Minho mengusap wajahnya. \" melelahkan Choi ? \" tanya Jonghyun. Minho mengangguk. \" aku pikir orang menikah sangat gampang, ke salon meminjam gaun atau ke butik untuk membeli gaun yang harganya fantastis, wedding organizer, lalu hanya duduk santai sampai waktunya tiba .. \" sahut Dongwoon. Minho tertawa, \" tidak sesimple itu.. bagaimana dengan pemilihan warna, model, tempat dan konsep ? kalian tau kan, aku dan Gwiboon sangat berbeda .. kami sering berdebat bahkan ibuku akan menjemputnya jika kami memulai perang kami .. \" \" perang ? \" tanya Jonghyun dan Dongwoon. Minho tertawa lagi. \" ya, perang .. \" Gwiboon muncul dengan senyum kecil, sepertinya obrolannya dengan Mrs Choi membuatnya tenang. Mrs Choi memang sangat menyayangi Gwiboon. Gwiboon mengambil tempat duduk diatas pangkuan Minho.. \" Minho-ya .. ayo pulang .. \" \" baiklah .. \" mereka berdua berdiri, berpamitan pada keempat sahabatnya dan pergi. Gwiboon tidak tenang, entah sudah berapa kali ia mengubah posisi tidurnya, ada yang mengganggu pikirannya. Ia berbalik menghadap kekasihnya yang tidur pulas, wajahnya yang tenang tanpa terlihat setres sedikitpun. Gwiboon beranjak dari kasur secara pelan agar tidak membangunkan Minho. Ia berjalan keluar kamar menuju dapur. Gwiboon membuka kulkas dan mengambil pudding strawberry favoritnya, dan menaruhnya diatas meja makan, Gwiboon tidak menyentuh puddingnya ia hanya menatap kosong makanan itu. Ada sesuatu yang mengganggu pikirannya. Gwiboon masih bisa mengulang pesan yang ia baca. Sebuah pesan dihandphone Minho yang sangat mengganggu pikirannya dan hatinya. Pesan dari Deanna. From : 08938976324 I'm sorry Minho, but I'm just realize how I miss you.. I'm just realize I can't forget you. I still have a feeling for you.. Come back to me baby, I promise I will change… Love, Deanna Sampai saat ini Minho tidak tau jika ada pesan seperti itu dihandphonenya karena Gwiboon tidak mengatakan apapun setelah itu, dan Minho juga tidak memeriksa handphonenya sama sekali. Gwiboon menghela nafas pelan lalu memotong sedikit pudding dihadapannya dan menyuapkan pudding itu ke dalam mulutnya. Banyak pikiran negatif yang masuk kedalam otaknya. \" apakah pilihanku menikah dengan Minho sudah tepat ? apa Minho benar-benar mencintaiku ? apa kami akan sanggup menjalani pernikahan ini ? \" Gwiboon bertanya pada dirinya sendiri dan menundukkan kepalanya. \" apa kau masih meragukanku ? apa kau tidak yakin dengan pilihanmu ? \" Gwiboon terkejut mendengar suara Minho. Ia menoleh kearah suara dimana Minho berdiri dengan rambut berantakan, wajah sedih, dan hanya menggunakan boxernya. Minho melangkah mendekati Gwiboon dengan ekspresi yang sangat mudah ditebak, emosi dan sedih . \" apa kau meragukanku Kim Gwiboon ? \" tanya Minho. \" Minho… aku.. \" \" apa semua yang kita lalui dan persiapkan belum cukup untuk meyakinkanmu.. \" \" Minho.. bukan begitu.. maksudku.. \" \" apa ? kau tidak mencintaiku ? \" \" aku cemburu! Aku cemburu! Aku takut kehilanganmu Minho! Are you happy now ?! \" teriak Gwiboon. Ia menangis, menutup wajahnya lalu pergi masuk ke dalam kamar meninggalkan Minho sendirian. Minho hanya berdiri tanpa bergerak, merasa bingung dan tidak mengerti apa yang terjadi. Gwiboon membenamkan wajahnya ke bantal dan menangis, entah kenapa ia merasa sangat lemah dan takut. Mungkin karena ia sudah cukup setres dan membebani tentang persiapan pernikahan ini dan dengan datangnya pesan yang sangat mengganggu itu ia semakin merasa setres. Gwiboon mendengar suara pintu yang dibuka. \" Gwiboon-ah .. \" \" leave me alone Minho-ah .. \" \" Gwiboon .. \" Minho menarik tubuh Gwiboon agar menghadap padanya. Gwiboon mencoba melawan, tapi seperti biasa, usahanya sia-sia karena ia tidak akan mungkin kuat melawan Minho. Gwiboon menangis semakin keras dan Minho mengguncang tubuhnya. \" Gwiboon! Ada apa ini ? apa salahku ? \" \" don't leave me Minho.. please don't comeback to her…. \" Gwiboon memeluk Minho erat, ia memeluk Minho dengan sekuat tenaga. \" Gwiboon.. Gwiboon… tell me what happened ?! \" \" Deanna… pesan…. \" Gwiboon melepaskan pelukan Minho dan menutup wajahnya. Minho langsung beranjak dari kasur dan mengambil handphonenya dengan cepat lalu membuka inbox dan membaca pesan yang berada di urutan paling atas, dari nomor yang tidak ia kenal….. mata Minho membesar dan ia sangat terkejut dengan apa yang ia baca. Ia bahkan melepaskan handphone yang ia genggam.. ia menatap Gwiboon yang masih menutup wajahnya. \" Gwiboon…. \" Gwiboon akhirnya menatap Minho, wajahnya basah karena air matanya, \" darimana dia bisa mendapatkan nomormu ? kalian bertemu ? date ? then she took your number ? \" \" Gwiboon, I don't even know how can she get my number .. I swear to god, I never meet her except with you in last month .. Gwiboon, I'm so sorry, I never know she texted me like this .. I'm really sorry Boonie .. \" Minho menghapus air mata Gwiboon. \" don't leave Minho… \" Gwiboon memeluk Minho. \" no baby.. no… I'm staying here.. I will never ever ever leave you .. \" Minho memeluk Gwiboon erat, menghirup aroma tubuh Gwiboon yang familiar untuknya. Minho mencium pundak Gwiboon berulang kali, Gwiboon terus membisikkan kata ditelinga Minho bahwa ia takut, ia mencintai Minho dan tidak ingin jauh dari kekasihnya. Minho tetap memeluk Gwiboon seraya berbaring dan menarik Gwiboon berbaring diatas tubuhnya. Minho mengusap rambut dan punggung Gwiboon, kembali membisikkan kata-kata untuk menenangkan calon istrinya. Gwiboon berbaring diatas dada Minho, air matanya tidak mengalir lagi. Minho mencium puncak kepala Gwiboon, mengangkat dagu Gwiboon dan mencium bibir Gwiboon dengan lembut. Gwiboon awalnya diam, tidak merespon ataupun membalas tapi akhirnya menyerah dan membalas ciuman Minho. Maret 2013 Tidak pernah ada pesan ataupun gangguan dari Deanna lagi karena saat Deanna mengirim pesan kedua kalinya, Gwiboon langsung mencari dimana gadis itu dan melabraknya. Gwiboon tidak akan membiarkan siapapun mengganggu hubungan mereka. Dan Mrs Choi juga sudah memberi gadis itu pelajaran karena sudah mengganggu Minho. Gwiboon ditemani kedua ibunya (Mrs. Kim dan Mrs. Choi) pergi mengurus hidangan makanan untuk pernikahan Minho dan Gwiboon nanti. Dengan usul Mrs Kim yang menunjuk restoran milik sahabat dekatnya dan kebetulan Mrs Choi juga pernah merasakan masakan di restoran itu. Gwiboon terlihat bersemangat, ia menggumam dan bernyanyi kecil. Lagu yang Minho nyanyikan saat melamarnya…. \" Gwiboon-ah something special ? \" tegur Mrs. Choi. \" umm no .. \" jawab Gwiboon tersenyum. \" then why you look so happy ? \" tanya ibunya, Mrs Kim. \" ummm, Minho kind of romantic this morning… \" jawab Gwiboon. \" oh ya ? mind to share ? \" tanya Mrs. Choi. \" no….. it's our secret umma .. \" Gwiboon tertawa kecil. \" Eunsoo-ya, our little girl…. \" ucap Mrs. Choi. Mrs Kim mengusap rambut Gwiboon lembut. Gwiboon berlari memeluk Minho yang menunggunya di sebuah mall bersama Jinki, sahabat sekaligus teman kantor Minho. Minho mengangkat tubuh Gwiboon dan berputar, membuat Jinki tersenyum dan menggelengkan kepalanya. Minho mencium sekilas bibir Gwiboon dan menurunkannya, dibelakang Gwiboon muncul Mrs Kim dan Mrs Choi. Jinki membungkukkan badannya. Mrs Kim dan Mrs Choi bergantian memeluk dan mencium pipi Minho. Gwiboon terlihat mencibir. \" what now princess ? jealous with your umma ? \" ucap Mrs Kim. Minho tertawa dan memeluk Gwiboon. \" Minho love me more umma .. \" Gwiboon menjulurkan lidahnya pada ibunya. \" I know I know … let's go Yoonhe, we have to find another accessories .. \" jawab Mrs Kim . Mrs Kim dan Mrs Choi berpamitan untuk berjalan-jalan sedangkan Minho, Gwiboon dan Jinki makan disebuah restoran didalam mall. Gwiboon juga sudah menghubungi adiknya agar langsung datang setelah pulang sekolah. \" bagaimana tadi ? \" tanya Minho. \" lancar.. semua sudah diurus .. \" jawab Gwiboon. \" apa kau memesan ayam ? \" tanya Jinki. Gwiboon memutar bola matanya. \" kau bisa mabuk karena ayam Jinki hyung .. \" sahut Minho. \" no Minho, kau akan mabuk jika minum wine .. \" ucap Jinki. Minho dan Gwiboon menghela nafas. \" eonnieee … \" Gwiboon menoleh. \" Taeyeon-ah .. \" \" annyeong Minho oppa, Jinki oppa .. \" sapa Taeyeon. \" annyeong Taeyeon-ah .. \" jawab Jinki. \" kau sudah makan ? where's Kai ? \" tanya Gwiboon. \" belum.. dia pulang ada kencan dengan pacar barunya .. \" jawab Taeyeon. \" Taeyeon-ah kau sudah mendapatkan gaunmu ? \" tanya Minho. \" belum oppa, kau tau.. school being suck dan kalian tidak pernah mengajakku pergi! \" ucap Taeyeon. \" pergilah hari ini .. \" kata Minho. \" sendiri ? I hate you oppa .. \" sahut Taeyeon merajuk. \" siapa bilang kau sendiri ? kau bisa pergi bersama Jinki hyung .. \" jawab Minho. \" kenapa aku ? \" protes Jinki. \" karena tidak mungkin aku atau Gwiboon .. \" jawab Minho. \" tapi umma kalian juga ada disini, kenapa tidak bersama mereka .. \" tambah Jinki. \" mereka sibuk oppa, tolonglah temani Taeyeon… \" kata Gwiboon lembut. \" fine…. Ayo Taeyeon \" \" OPPA! AKU BAHKAN BELUM MEMESAN MAKANAN! \" April 2013 Hari ini hari Sabtu, Gwiboon berdiri didepan kalender dan menghitung hari menuju pernikahannya. 32 hari lagi ia akan resmi menjadi Mrs. Choi Gwiboon. Senyumnya mengembang, ia tidak sabar menanti pernikahannya dan memulai kehidupannya sebagai istri Minho walaupun saat ini mereka sudah seperti suami-istri. Gwiboon mencintai Minho melebihi ia mencintai mimpinya sebagai designer. Dan Gwiboon selalu berterima kasih pada Jonghyun yang sudah mengenalkan mereka hingga mereka bisa seperti ini. Tidak ada yang spesial dalam pertemuan pertama mereka, tapi Gwiboon memang tertarik pada Minho sejak hari pertama ia melihat pemuda itu. Gwiboon masuk kedalam kamarnya dan Minho, Minho masih tertidur pulas karena lelah semalam ia pulang begitu larut. Gwiboon duduk diujung kasur dan menatap Minho, membelai wajah Minho dan tersenyum. Tak ada lagi perasaan ragu dalam hati Gwiboon. Minho adalah satu-satunya pemuda yang pantas untuknya, yang memang dilahirkan untuk menjaganya, untuk menemaninya, untuk menjadi ayah dari anak-anaknya, untuk memeluknya. Gwiboon menunduk dan mencium kening Minho lama, lalu ia merasa ada dua lengan yang memeluk pinggangnya. Gwiboon menarik dirinya dan menatap Minho. \" kau sudah bangun ? \" tanya Gwiboon. \" belum.. \" jawab Minho. \" ya! \" Minho tersenyum, \" let me sleep for a minute baby.. \" \" just sleep then .. \" \" no, I want to sleep with you .. \" \" okay but you won't have a breakfast .. \" \" I don't care. You are my breakfast.. \" \" CHOI MINHO ! \" 27 April 2013 \" siapa saja yang ingin kau undang ? \" tanya Gwiboon. \" kita sudah membuat listnya sayang .. \" jawab Minho. \" aku tau tapi apa kau ingin menambah listnya lagi ? \" \" no .. you ? \" \" no .. \" mereka kembali sibuk dengan urusan masing-masing. Mengecek dan menghitung undangan pernikahan mereka yang datang hari ini. \" kau ingin mengundang mantan kekasihmu ? \" tanya Gwiboon. \" who ? \" Yuri, Seohyun, Sulli, Jiyeon, Jiyoung, Su—\" \" stop! No Gwiboon .. \" \" whoaaa, you're such a playboy Minho-ya . if you're cheating behind me, I swear I'll kill you .. \" \" I know I know .. \" \" siapa yang akan menyebarkan undangan ini ? \" tanya Gwiboon. \" sisihkan undangan untuk rekan kerjaku, teman-teman designermu, orang-orang yang kau anggap penting . untuk mereka kita sendiri yang mengantarkannya, yang lain seperti teman sekolah, kuliah dan model-modelmu biar Jinki hyung yang mengurusnya.. \" jelas Minho. \" kau yakin tidak mengundang gadis-gadis itu ? \" tanya Gwiboon sekali lagi. \" Kim Gwiboon! \" Minho melirik Gwiboon tajam, Gwiboon berdiri dan pergi dari ruang tengah mereka berlari masuk kedalam kamar tidur. \" pastikan berat badanmu tidak bertambah lagi Gwiboon-ah .. \" kata Jessica. \" neeeee … \" \" kau begitu cantik Gwiboon .. \" puji Nicole. \" yes, I am .. \" \" Gwiboon… kau benar-benar yakin ? waahh, I can't believe you will married soon .. \" kata Nicole. Gwiboon mengangguk tersenyum. \" kau akan menjadi pengantin wanita tercantik di Seoul Gwiboon . kau benar-benar seperti putri kerajaan .. \" tambah Jessica. \" Gwiboon-ah … \" gadis itu menoleh. Jessica, Nicole, Jonghyun dan Dongwoon mundur. Membiarkan pasangan itu menatap kekasihnya satu sama lain. Gwiboon dengan gaun putihnya yang panjang dan glamour, Minho dengan tuxedo putihnya.. keempat sahabat mereka tersenyum melihat mereka begitu sempurna didalam balutan gaun dan jas buatan tangan mereka sendiri. \" you're like a princess in fairytale Gwiboon-ah .. you are….. perfect \" Gwiboon menutup wajahnya karena tersipu malu, Minho melangkah mendekat dan menarik tangan Gwiboon agar tidak menutupi wajah cantiknya. Minho mengangkat dagu Gwiboon dan menciumnya, Gwiboon memeluk leher Minho agar Minho semakin dekat dengannya. \" ehem ehemmmm … the wedding isn't here guys … \" sahut Jonghyun . Minho dan Gwiboon melepaskan ciuman mereka dan tertawa, Minho memeluk Gwiboon lalu mencium kening gadis itu . 9 Mei 2013 Terdengar suara bell gereja dari kejauhan, orang-orang sudah ramai. Ada yang mengobrol, ada yang sibuk memainkan handphonenya ada yang saling menyapa satu sama lain karena sudah lama tidak bertemu. Begitu banyak orang yang datang untuk menjadi saksi pernikahan Choi Minho dan Kim Gwiboon. Ada juga beberapa wartawan untuk meliput moment sakral itu, mereka memang bukan artis tapi mereka termasuk orang penting di Seoul, Korea. Gwiboon tidak terlihat dimanapun begitu juga Minho. Jika orang-orang sering bilang pasangan pengantin tidak boleh melihat satu sama lain saat detik-detik pernikahan, kalimat itu tidak mempan bagi mereka. Disini lah mereka, dibelakang gereja ada sebuah taman untuk berdoa. Mereka berdoa masing-masing untuk kelancaran acara ini, memantapkan hati masing-masing jika memang inilah yang terbaik. Gwiboon membuka matanya dan menatap Minho. \" Choi Minho.. kau yakin ? \" Minho menatap Gwiboon tepat dimata coklat gadis itu, \" aku tidak pernah seyakin ini dalam hidupku.. \" Bibir pink Gwiboon mengulas sebuah senyum manis, Gwiboon memang cantik tapi tidak pernah Minho melihat Gwiboon secantik ini, didalam balutan gaun pengantin yang mereka pesan, dengan sapuan make up minimalis tanpa merusak kecantikan Gwiboon sedikitpun, rambut coklat keritingnya yang panjang dihiasi oleh mahkota bunga, lehernya yang dihiasi kalung pemberian ayah kandungnya. Minho tidak sedang menatap Kim Gwiboon sang designer muda, tapi ia menatap Kim Gwiboon sang bidadari yang akan menjadi istrinya. Minho mengulurkan tangannya dan Gwiboon langsung menyambutnya, tangan besar Minho begitu cocok ditangan mungilnya. Menggenggamnya erat, memberi kehangatan tidak hanya pada tangan Gwiboon tetapi juga hatinya. Jantung Gwiboon berdetak tidak karuan tapi ia tetap melangkah disamping Minho tanpa melepaskan genggaman tangannya memasuki gereja. Taeyeon muncul untuk menjemput kakaknya, Taeyeon tersenyum melihat pasangan itu.. ia sangat iri dengan kakaknya dan ia terus berdoa semoga suatu saat nanti ia akan mendapatkan pasangan yang sempurna seperti Minho. Ia akan menjadi seperti Gwiboon, menikah dengan orang yang mencintai dan dicintainya. Taeyeon juga tidak hentinya memuji Gwiboon, karena Gwiboon benar-benar cantik. Taeyeon memeluk Minho dan mencium pipi kakak iparnya itu lalu menarik tangan Gwiboon. \" kau cantik Taeyeon-ah, Jinki hyung yang memilihkan gaun itu ? \" Minho menunjuk gaun yang Taeyeon kenakan. Gaun putih selutut yang simple tapi tetap mewah karena dihiasi beberapa payet dan diamond. \" umm.. Jinki oppa bilang aku terlihat dewasa dan tidak kalah cantik dari Gwiboon eonnie .. \" jawab Taeyeon. Minho dan Gwiboon tersenyum. \" umma-ya .. eotteoke .. \" Gwiboon merasa panik. Ia sudah mencoba mengatur nafasnya tapi ia tetap merasa panik. Ia butuh pudding strawberrynya. \" where's my pudding ? \" \" I don't bring it Boonie .. \" jawab ibunya. \" ummmaaaaaaa …. \" Pintu ruangan terbuka, Jinki muncul membawa sebuah kotak, \" Minho bilang kau pasti membutuhkannya, jadi ia menyuruhku untuk membelinya .. \" Gwiboon menerima kotak berisi pudding strawberry kesukaannya dan tersenyum, \" thankyou Jinki oppa .. \" \" no need Gwiboon .. \" Jinki tersenyum. \" just relax okay .. \" Jinki melangkah keluar ruangan tapi Gwiboon kembali memanggilnya . \" bagaimana dengan Minho ? \" tanya Gwiboon. \" ia baik-baik saja .. \" jawab Jinki. Semua orang berdiri menantikan kedatangan Gwiboon. Pintu gereja terbuka lebar, Gwiboon dan ayahnya muncul dan melangkah pelan. Gwiboon sangat gugup, ia bahkan mencengkeram lengan ayahnya dengan kuat, takut jika ia akan jatuh. Ayahnya menggenggam tangan Gwiboon hangat, ia tau bagaimana perasaan Gwiboon dan Minho karena ia juga pernah berada diposisi mereka. Gwiboon berusaha tersenyum tapi sia-sia, bibirnya tidak bisa diajak bekerjasama. Gwiboon membasahi bibirnya yang kering secara tiba-tiba, mengambil nafas panjang dan menghadap kedepan . puluhan pasang mata menatapnya dengan takjub, ada yang memberi pujian betapa cantiknya dia, betapa beruntungnya Minho dan betapa sempurnanya mereka menjadi pasangan. Mata Gwiboon menatap lurus pemuda yang berdiri didepan altar menunggu kedatangannya. Gwiboon menunduk dan kembali membasahi bibirnya, jantungnya semakin berdetak kencang, ia mengeratkan genggamannya pada tangkai bunga lily putih favoritnya. Langkahnya semakin dekat, jarak diantara mereka semakin dekat sampai akhirnya tanpa Gwiboon sadari ia berada dihadapan Minho. Ia tidak bisa mengalihkan pandangannya dari Minho. Pemuda itu tidak pernah mengganggu pemandangan matanya, ia bahkan berharap dan terus berdoa agar bisa diberi kesempatan untuk menatap wajah itu selamanya.. Ayah Gwiboon menyerahkan anak gadisnya pada Minho, Minho menarik tangan Gwiboon agar naik keatas altar bersamanya. Seorang pendeta memulai acara pernikahan mereka, tapi Gwiboon maupun Minho tidak mendengar apapun karena mereka terpesona dengan apa yang ada dihadapan mereka masing-masing. Sampai akhirnya pada pengikraran janji pernikahan. Dimulai dari Minho.. \" I, Choi Minho.. take you Kim Gwiboon to have and to hold… \" \" for better for worse .. \" Gwiboon menyambung kalimat Minho. \" for richer for poorer … \" \" in sickness and in health … \" \" to love… \" \" to cherish as long as we both shall live…. \" \" I do …. \" ucap Minho mantap. Gwiboon menatap mata besar Minho sebelum mengulas senyum, \" I do… \" (the vow is belong to Edward Cullen and Bella Swan wedding) Minho menunduk dan mencium Gwiboon. Suara tepuk tangan memenuhi ruangan, riuh teriakan para tamu membuat gereja semakin ramai. Mrs Kim dan Mrs Choi tidak dapat menahan air mata yang menetes karena bahagia, akhirnya dengan segala persiapan pernikahan kedua anak mereka bersatu dalam ikatan pernikahan. Taeyeon yang duduk dibelakang piano tersenyum lebar melihat kakaknya, ia tidak dapat menyembunyikan kebahagiaan yang ia rasakan. Begitu juga para sahabat mereka yang datang untuk menjadi saksi pernikahan itu. Minho melepaskan ciuman mereka dan menatap istrinya, pandangan Gwiboon mulai kabur karena ada air mata yang siap mengalir dari mata indahnya. Ia tidak bisa mengalihkan pandangannya dari wajah Minho. Rasanya, ia sulit bernafas karena Minho sudah mengambil nafas dari tubuhnya untuk ia simpan dan itu artinya Gwiboon tidak akan bisa hidup jika Minho tidak bersamanya. \" I love you with all my heart Choi Gwiboon .. \" \" I love you with all my heart, my life, my breath… I love you Choi Minho.. \" Air mata itu akhirnya jatuh .. Minho menarik tangan Gwiboon keluar dari gereja, mereka berjalan seraya dilempari kelopak bunga mawar putih dan merah oleh anak-anak kecil yang tidak lain adalah keponakan mereka sendiri. Ada Yoogeun, Lauren, Kyungsan, Jisun dan lain-lain.. Minho dan Gwiboon memasuki mobil pengantin yang sudah disiapkan dan mereka melambaikan tangan pada semua tamu dan keluarga yang hadir. Resepsi pernikahan mereka diadakan disiang hari, disebuah ballroom hotel megah di Seoul. Ruangan itu didekorasi dengan konsep kerajaan romawi yang sangat cantik. Didominasi oleh warna gold dan putih, ruangan itu terlihat begitu megah. Begitu juga kedua pasangan yang menikah, terutama Gwiboon yang masih menggunakan mahkota bunganya. Banyak tamu undangan yang datang, lebih banyak lagi dibandingkan yang datang ke gereja. Mereka memberi ucapan selamat pada pasangan itu dan mendoakan mereka agar mendapatkan yang terbaik, cepat memiliki anak dan lain-lain. Semua acara lancar, tanpa ada gangguan apapun. Teman-teman artis yang Gwiboon kenal seperti Hyorin, Tiffany, Yoona dan yang lainnya pun datang dan menyanyi diacara resepsinya. Menghibur tamu dan terutama sang pengantin dengan Cuma-Cuma tanpa bayaran sedikitpun. Semua keraguan Gwiboon hilang, tak ada lagi yang Gwiboon takutkan, tak ada lagi pikiran negatif yang mengganggu Gwiboon. Yang ada saat ini hanyalah rencana menjalani kehidupan barunya sebagai istri Choi Minho, pemuda yang dicintainya dan akan selalu dicintainya. Jika orang sering bilang malam pertama adalah malam dimana pasangan suami istri akan melakukan hubungan intim, maka Minho dan Gwiboon tidak termasuk pasangan yang seperti itu. Minho dan Gwiboon memang tinggal bersama, tapi Minho tidak pernah sekalipun menyentuh kehormatan Gwiboon. Dan Gwiboon sampai detik ini masih virgin. Minho sangat menghormati Gwiboon, jika di keesokan paginya kita menemukan Minho dan Gwiboon masih tertidur tapi dalam keadaan naked, mereka hanya making-out tanpa melakukan hal yang lebih, yang menghilangkan kehormatan Gwiboon. Malam ini, setelah semua acara selesai Minho dan Gwiboon segera pulang ke apartemen mereka. Berbaring didalam kamar yang sudah didekorasi sedemikian rupa agar terlihat cantik dan berbeda. Banyak bunga bertebaran dilantai dan kasur mereka. Tidak terlihat berantakan justru membuat kamar itu begitu romantis. Mereka bedua begitu lelah dengan acara yang mereka jalani hari ini, dan disinilah mereka. Minho berbaring dengan Gwiboon diatasnya. Minho memeluk Gwiboon erat, senyumnya tidak hilang sekalipun ia lelah. Hari ini hari yang terlalu membahagiakan hatinya, ia tidak mau melewatkan sedetikpun tanpa tersenyum dihari ini. Gwiboon menggambar sesuatu didada Minho dengan jari telunjuknya, \" Minho-ya .. \" \" hmm … \" \" apa yang kita lakukan dimalam pertama kita ? haruskah kita seperti pasangan lain ? \" \" maksudmu ? \" Gwiboon mendongak dan menatap Minho, \" haruskah kita… making love ? \" . Minho tertawa mendengar kata-kata Gwiboon . tapi alis Gwiboon mengerut. \" kau mau ? \" tanya Minho. Gwiboon terlihat berpikir, \" ani… aku hanya ingin seperti ini, berada dalam pelukanmu malam ini .. \" \" right then, making love can wait .. we have thousands night to making love .. \" jawab Minho. \" cheesy! \" Gwiboon memukul pelan dada Minho. Gwiboon menunduk dan mencium Minho, membelai wajah Minho dengan lembut dan Minho bisa merasakan cinta yang besar yang Gwiboon tunjukkan melalui sentuhannya. Minho yang lebih dulu menarik diri saat ia membutuhkan udara untuk bernafas. Minho tersenyum dan mencium pipi Gwiboon. \" I love you Minho.. \" \" I love you too Gwiboon.. \" ","Summary":" 3 bulan sebelum Hari H…. Febuari 2013 Minho tersenyum pada seorang lelaki dan berjabat tangan denga"},{"Movie":"Breaking Dawn, 2004","Title":"Desventuras Cullen","Author":"SarahCullen29","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10780338","Passage":"[Chapter 1] POV Rose Hoje de manhã já acodei ouvindo gritos de Edward e Alice. Os dois pirralhos me acordaram! Depois que meu pai viajou a casa está um caos! Esme teve que ir para uma excursão botânica com suas amigas. O que significa que eu e Jasper estávamos responsáveis de tudo. A mistura de gritos de Edward, Alice e Jasper ecoava pela casa, e pelo que pude ouvir já sei o que aconteceu, foi uma aposta! - E QUEM DISSE QUE FOI VOCÊ QUE GANHOU? FUI EU! FUI EU!- Gritava Edward, aquele garoto era tão mimado que merecia um Oscar! - JASPER FAÇA ALGUMA COISA! EDWARD TRAPACEOU! NÃO É JUSTO! - Eram os gritos de Alice agora, apelando para Jasper. - Parem já com isso! Quem foi que...- Jasper foi interrompido quando Alice empurrou Edward na mesinha de... VIDRO DA MAMÃE... PLASK! POFT! PACK! Tinha um abajur na mesinha... - VOCÊS ENLOUQUECERAM?- Gritei e nem percebi o quanto descabelada eu estava. - Calma Rose... eles só...- Jasper tentou falar mas eu não deixei. - ESTAVAM DESTRUINDO TUDO! ALICE VAI TOMAR UM BANHO E EDWARD VAI LIMPAR ESSA BAGUNÇA TODA! - Se não o que?- Edward estava mesmo me testando, ele ia ver só... - SE não eu vou ligar para o papai agora mesmo! É claro que eu estava blefando. Papai tinha ido trabalhar em outra cidade do Alasca, depois de uma grande catástrofe na linha do trem, várias pessoas estavam feridas. Nem quis ficar ali para ouvir os resmungos do Edward e fui para a cozinha preparar o café. POV Edward - Bom dia Edwa... O que rolou aqui? Você descobriu que é gay?- Disse Emmett, eu não suportava suas brincadeiras... - Haha Emmie, muito engraçado mesmo... Emmett desceu rindo da minha cara, mas eu queria mesmo ouvir o que aqueles dois iriam conversar. - Bom Dia Flor Do Dia!- Disse Emmie, com a maior cara de pau. - Quero que você leve Alice para comprar um abajur e uma mesinha novos para o corredor, seus ''caçulinhas'' prediletos estragaram os da mamãe.- Disse Rosalie. - Sim eu estou bem...- Emmett não sabia que estava brincando com fogo.- Opa! Eu não posso... Tenho um racha para ir... - Você vai naquela cidade com Alice comprar uma mesinha e um abajur novos! SE NÃO... Eu vou ligar para o... - Papai tabom! tabom! Eu levo...- Um longo silêncio na cozinha...- DEPOIS DO RACHA!- Emmett saiu em velocidade vampiresca, foi até a garagem e pegou o Volvo. - GRRRRRRR! EDWARD! Eu sei que você está me ouvindo, eu mesma vou até a cidade, mas vou ligar para o papai quando voltar...- Rose me disse e um um arrepio veio até a espinha. Carlisle podia ter compaixão e ser um pai muito bom. Mas ele saiu de casa porta a fora dizendo todas as regras, não posso ir contra a elas! Álias! ele pode dar uma surra em mim em Alice.[Chapter 2] POV Rose Hoje de manhã já acodei ouvindo gritos de Edward e Alice. Os dois pirralhos me acordaram! Depois que meu pai viajou a casa está um caos! Esme teve que ir para uma excursão botânica com suas amigas. O que significa que eu e Jasper estávamos responsáveis de tudo. A mistura de gritos de Edward, Alice e Jasper ecoava pela casa, e pelo que pude ouvir já sei o que aconteceu, foi uma aposta! - E QUEM DISSE QUE FOI VOCÊ QUE GANHOU? FUI EU! FUI EU!- Gritava Edward, aquele garoto era tão mimado que merecia um Oscar! - JASPER FAÇA ALGUMA COISA! EDWARD TRAPACEOU! NÃO É JUSTO! - Eram os gritos de Alice agora, apelando para Jasper. - Parem já com isso! Quem foi que...- Jasper foi interrompido quando Alice empurrou Edward na mesinha de... VIDRO DA MAMÃE... PLASK! POFT! PACK! Tinha um abajur na mesinha... - VOCÊS ENLOUQUECERAM?- Gritei e nem percebi o quanto descabelada eu estava. - Calma Rose... eles só...- Jasper tentou falar mas eu não deixei. - ESTAVAM DESTRUINDO TUDO! ALICE VAI TOMAR UM BANHO E EDWARD VAI LIMPAR ESSA BAGUNÇA TODA! - Se não o que?- Edward estava mesmo me testando, ele ia ver só... - SE não eu vou ligar para o papai agora mesmo! É claro que eu estava blefando. Papai tinha ido trabalhar em outra cidade do Alasca, depois de uma grande catástrofe na linha do trem, várias pessoas estavam feridas. Nem quis ficar ali para ouvir os resmungos do Edward e fui para a cozinha preparar o café. POV Edward - Bom dia Edwa... O que rolou aqui? Você descobriu que é gay?- Disse Emmett, eu não suportava suas brincadeiras... - Haha Emmie, muito engraçado mesmo... Emmett desceu rindo da minha cara, mas eu queria mesmo ouvir o que aqueles dois iriam conversar. - Bom Dia Flor Do Dia!- Disse Emmie, com a maior cara de pau. - Quero que você leve Alice para comprar um abajur e uma mesinha novos para o corredor, seus ''caçulinhas'' prediletos estragaram os da mamãe.- Disse Rosalie. - Sim eu estou bem...- Emmett não sabia que estava brincando com fogo.- Opa! Eu não posso... Tenho um racha para ir... - Você vai naquela cidade com Alice comprar uma mesinha e um abajur novos! SE NÃO... Eu vou ligar para o... - Papai tabom! tabom! Eu levo...- Um longo silêncio na cozinha...- DEPOIS DO RACHA!- Emmett saiu em velocidade vampiresca, foi até a garagem e pegou o Volvo. - GRRRRRRR! EDWARD! Eu sei que você está me ouvindo, eu mesma vou até a cidade, mas vou ligar para o papai quando voltar...- Rose me disse e um um arrepio veio até a espinha. Carlisle podia ter compaixão e ser um pai muito bom. Mas ele saiu de casa porta a fora dizendo todas as regras, não posso ir contra a elas! Álias! ele pode dar uma surra em mim em Alice. Continua... Olá pessoal! Obrigada pelos reviews! Rosabela Indelicada, adoro suas histórias e muito obrigada pelo comentário. Eu já ia esquecer esse capitulo, mas como vi suas mensagens, vou continuar não se preocupem. Só estava com alguns probleminhas no site e não conseguia postar o segundo capitulo, então eu editei esse aqui, mas o problema foi resolvido. Continuem olhando, qualquer dia desses eu posto o outro ~SarahCullen ","Summary":" POV Rose Hoje de manhã já acodei ouvindo gritos de Edward e Alice. Os dois pirralhos me acordaram! "},{"Movie":"Chasing Amy","Title":"Maybe?","Author":"FantasticalMusical","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10606995","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Music is blaring in the crowded club, forcing Hooper and Holden to yell very loudly. Banky just slowly glances around, drinks his beer, and takes in his surroundings. \"You two still here?\" \"Yeah, we didn't know if there was more to the \"show\" or not.\" Holden says. \"Hey bitch, I performed the hell out of that!\" \"It was lip syncing!\" \"Oh, honey. You haven't been to too many gay clubs have you?\" Holden just gives him a look before saying, \"So now what?\" Some guy wraps his arm around Hooper and whispers something in his ear, making Hooper smile. \"Now, I'm gonna go get some. It's almost midnight, so I strongly suggest you two make like Cinderella.\" \"Why?\" \"You two are too pretty to be alone here at midnight on New Year's Eve. If you're not kissing someone, someone will kiss you. You dig?\" \"WHAT?!\" Both Holden and Banky yell simultaneously. \"Bye bitches.\" Hooper dances away with the mystery man, leaving Holden and Banky staring awkwardly at each other. Finally, Banky yells over the music to Holden, \"How the fuck do we get out of here?\" With only 10 minutes until midnight, Holden looks down from the second floor balcony for the nearest exit. As he scans the place, he thinks back to the last, and only, time he and Banky kissed. That awful horrible night that changed everything.[Chapter 2] Holden lays down on the couch, drained of any energy to drag himself to his room. He just lays there alone with his thoughts. 'How could things have gotten so fucked up? Alyssa's gone. She's not coming back. It's over. The best relationship in my life and I fucked it up. She's gone.' After a few minutes, or a few hours, Holden was too far gone to know, Banky comes out of his room. He marches up to the couch and stands there. He's obviously pissed off and glares down at Holden. \"I realize, compared to her, I'm shit, but Jesus, Holden! Does this friendship mean anything to you? Do you fucking care about me at all?!\" Shocked, Holden sits up, dries his tears, and thinks to himself, 'How can he ask me that?' Then flashes of public passive aggressive insults, ditching him at the train station, and going days without even talking to him, pop into his mind. Holden's thoughts then turn to, 'I've already lost one amazing person today, I'll be damned if I'm going to lose another one.' \"Banky, I'm sorry I made it so you have to ask that. Of course I care about you. You're my best friend.\" Banky's glad to hear this, but still refuses to let go of his anger. He has some pride after all. \"You shouldn't have been so eager to use me. Fuck you, Holden! I never would've used you! Never!\" Standing now, Holden decides to stop moping about Alyssa, and fix the damage he's caused with Banky. Somehow in the past few weeks he managed to make his best friend feel worthless. Looking back now, it's obvious what a jerk he's been, but at the time he just didn't realize. \"I didn't think of it like that. But, I'm still sorry. I'm so fucking sorry, Banky.\" Holden steps towards him, but Banky just makes a bee line to his room again. Holden watches him go, never before feeling so defeated. When Banky reaches the door he stops. He keeps his back to Holden, and asks, \"Can we just pretend that this night never happened?\" Holden still wants to discuss things. Banky never really denied being in love with him. He agreed to the threesome. And, while Banky has reasons to be upset, this whole situation feels more like a fight with a boyfriend, instead of with a best friend. And the mere idea of losing Banky hurts just as much, if not more, than definitely losing Alyssa. He wants to explore this, but Holden wound up losing Alyssa due to his selfishness. He won't let it happen again. If this is what Banky wants, then he'll give it to him. \"If that's what you want.\" \"It is.\" \"Okay. It didn't happen. None of it.\" \"Okay.\" Banky still stands at his door for a beat, then says, \"Goodnight Holden.\" He then goes into his room, quietly closing the door behind him. Holden retreats to his own room and soon passes out from being so emotionally drained. The last thought before he slips into unconsciousness is, 'How the hell are we going to act the same, when everything is now so different?' Meanwhile, Banky's thoughts keep him up all night. 'FUCK! FUCKING FUCK!' Banky knows he cares for Holden a lot. He's always put up with his shit more than he should. Banky hates people and Holden always wants to be so Goddamn social. Dragging his ass to parties and bars, when he'd much rather the two just stay home and play Sega. He remembers a long time ago Holden asking him how he planned on getting a girlfriend if he never leaves home. Banky thought to himself, why would I want a girlfriend? They're nothing but drama and annoying as fuck. He knows where to go to get laid if the mood suits him, and he has stacks of magazines which are more convenient anyway. He doesn't feel like he's missing anything, because any potential girlfriend socializing is already fulfilled by Holden. Holden's funny, smart, and talented, shares his interests, and just gets him. Holden has always got him in a way no one else ever did. That is until recently, when that dyke bitch showed up. Before her, things were great. Yeah, Holden was all he ever wanted or needed, but the dyke bitch's presence made it known to all that Holden didn't feel the same way. And it hurt. God it hurt so much. To be pushed to second best. It hurt like hell knowing he was no longer a priority to Holden, but instead just an option. It hurt knowing that his love for Holden would never be returned. Yeah, he loved him. He's his best friend of decades who he works and shares a home with. Of course he loves him. But, being in love? He wasn't in love with Holden. He wasn't. Was he? Banky just now realizes that he didn't wipe his mouth. After Holden kissed him, he didn't wipe it away. It didn't gross him out. It surprised him, to say the least, but…he didn't mind it. And then he said 'Sure'. Why did he say that?! WHY?! Because he wanted to make Holden happy? Because he wanted to keep Holden in his life? Because, maybe a small part of him wanted it? When she said no he truly was relieved, but it was relief that he wouldn't have to touch the dyke bitch after all. He should've been relieved that he didn't have to touch Holden! FUCK! Banky then can't keep the following words out of his head, 'Just as, in a way, I'm attracted to you.' They repeat on a loop over and over in his mind, 'attracted to you, attracted to you, attracted to you'. For some reason, that Banky just isn't ready to deal with yet, the words make him smile.[Chapter 3] Come morning, neither man wants to leave their room in fear of seeing the other. Banky, finally decides, 'Fuck it!' and ventures out of his room first. He gets himself together, stuffs a pop tart in his face, and then sits at the drawing table. His first instinct is to get in his car and run away, but he chooses to have faith in Holden. He promised Banky they could ignore last night and just move on. He will give Holden the chance to fulfill his promise. Eventually, Holden slowly walks into the room and Banky takes note of how disheveled and cute he looks. 'NO! Not cute! Damnit Banky, fucking stop it!' \"Hey.\" \"Hey.\" Yeah, this is gonna be easier said than done. Banky then has an epiphany. He'll just keep it to business, besides they do have a lot to discuss. \"Holden, the network people left a message. Again. Do you want to do the cartoon or not? It's fine if you don't. Really. I don't even care anymore, but we should tell them some-\" \"Let's do it.\" Banky was taken aback by this. \"Really?\" \"Yeah, it'll be…interesting. We've gotta cut Jay & Bob in of course.\" \"Yeah, ok. Ummm. I'll just call them back then.\" While Banky's on the phone, Holden takes a moment to just look at him. He thought Banky would be more excited, and is kind of disappointed he isn't. Regardless, he's just glad Banky still wants to do the show, because it means he still wants to be with him. Even if it's just a working relationship, it's a start to getting back to the way things were. But, did Holden really want that? Just last night, Holden was so ready for more, to move their friendship forward. He truly saw it as a way of being closer with Banky, not using him. He wanted the two to share a moment. But, just a moment. After all, Holden was already in a relationship. Plus, he figured it would take Banky forever anyway to accept the same-sex attraction he was feeling. But now things were different. Alyssa is gone for good and if Banky could deal with it…then maybe? Or maybe Holden just imagined it all. Maybe, he took Hooper's words too seriously, when they should've just been silly comments. It doesn't even matter. He promised Banky to just ignore it all, and he's going to keep his promise. If Banky wants to talk about it, he will. In the meantime, Holden will try to forget about how good it felt to have his mouth on Banky's and instead just keep it shut.[Chapter 4] So months passed. More issues were made, the cartoon got a premiere date, and Holden and Banky continued to live in denial. The awkwardness faded away, bit by bit, and their old familiar banter became easier with each passing day. Christmas Eve came and the two decided to stay home and play drinking games to It's a Wonderful Life . The two were sitting on the floor, pleasantly drunk, when Holden gets a genius idea. \"I should give you your present now, because I'll be too hung over in the morning.\" \"Yeah! Bring on the free shit!\" Banky says a bit too loud with a smile on his face. \"Ok, hold on.\" Holden said smiling too. While Holden's in his room, Banky grabs his gift for Holden from the bookshelf. They both plop back down on the floor and exchange packages. Holden, however, just sits there so he can watch Banky open his present. Banky tears into it like he was 5 years old again. \"Fuck me! Oh my God! Holden, how did you get this?!\" It was a bootleg copy of the infamous The Star Wars Holiday Special . Banky can't tear his eyes away from it and is so happy he could cry. \"I have my ways.\" Holden's beyond happy to see Banky enjoy the gift. Banky finally tears his eyes away to look at Holden and neither of them can keep the smiles off their faces. \"God, mine already was lame, and now compared to this, it just sucks ass.\" \"I'm sure it's fine Banky.\" Holden then breaks eye contact to unwrap his present. It's a framed page of a comic, titled Bank Hold-Up . At closer inspection he sees that each panel is a stage in their lives. First it's them as kids meeting on the playground, the next is them as teenagers sharing a cigarette, then they're sitting outside on their stoop, and the last picture is them behind a booth at a comic-con. Holden is speechless. Banky, thinking Holden doesn't like it, says, \"It sucks, I know. You know I hate shopping, so this was just easier. Sorry.\" It was half true. Holden quietly responds with, \"Don't be sorry. Banky, I love it.\" Maybe it was the booze. Maybe it was the memories this gift triggered. For whatever the reason, Holden is literally moved to tears. Banky notices something is off and through his drunken haze he could swear that Holden was crying. \"Holden?\" Holden looks up from his, as of now, most prized possession and immediately places it on the couch to pull Banky into a hug. Banky doesn't know what to say, so he doesn't say anything. He just closes his eyes and enjoys being in Holden's arms. Holden tucks his face into Banky's shoulder for a minute to get control of himself, then whispers by Banky's ear, \"I love it. I…love… it.\" Holden begins to slowly release his arms from around Banky, but keeps his face close to his. As Holden hesitantly pulls away, he winds up moving his forehead to Banky's. He then cups Banky's face with his hand saying, \"Banky…I…love…yo-\" Banky quickly pushes Holden away and stands up saying, \"You're drunk.\" He then starts to pick up the scattered beer bottles and shot glasses, the entire time facing away from Holden. However, this doesn't stop Holden from keeping his eyes glued to Banky's movements around the room. Eventually, the silence becomes too loud for Holden so he says, \"I'm not that drunk.\" Banky sees there isn't anything left to clean up, so he grabs his movie. \"Well, I am. So, I'm gonna go pass out. We'll watch this tomorrow, ok?\" Banky then forces himself to look down at Holden. Still sitting on the floor, he just nods to Banky. \"Ok then. Night!\" Banky heads to his room, closes the door behind him, and immediately starts to hyperventilate. He throws himself on his bed and covers his face with a pillow during his mini freak out. Trying, without success, to calm the thoughts running through his head. 'He's drunk, he didn't mean it! He didn't mean it! He didn't mean it! But, what if he did? It doesn't matter, because he didn't. But, if he did. If we…our friendship as we know it would be over. And then, if we didn't work out…No. Some doors just shouldn't be opened. Besides, it doesn't matter, because he didn't mean it. He didn't mean it. He didn't.' This train of thought continues until Banky finally does pass out, just like he said he would. In the next room over, Holden hangs his most prized possession up on his bedroom wall, gets into bed, and then cries himself to sleep.[Chapter 5] The next day they easily pretend nothing happened and The Star Wars Holiday Special is watched without incident. But as soon as he can, Holden makes up some excuse to get the hell out of there. \"I promised Hooper I'd see him before the year ends. Today's as good as any. Wanna come with?\" Holden only asks this, because he knows Banky will say no. He hates going to the city, and probably also needs a break from…whatever this is. \"No, I'm good. Pick up some egg nog on your way back though, ok?\" \"Will do.\" He practically runs out of there. Consumed with his over analytical thoughts, Holden never even feels the time go by. Before he knows it he's knocking non-stop on Hooper's door. By the time he answers, he seems less than pleased. \"What! Holden?\" \"Would you say Alyssa's gay or bi? Or just experimental? Do you think everyone's like her, but just too scared to act on it? Or is she just a freak of nature, fucking anything that moves? I mean, she turned straight for me rather easily. It can't be that easy to turn gay. Can it? And why exactly, in God's name, are you so sure that Banky's fostering feelings for me?\" Hooper just stares at Holden before replying with, \"Merry Christmas to you too Holden. Won't you come in?\" \"Thanks.\" They make their way to Hooper's living room and sit down. \"You know I had plans today. I had special plans of doing exactly nothing, and here you are ruining everything. Making me get up! Bitch, you owe me.\" \"Fine, whatever. So, what's the answer?\" \"Honey, you asked so much! Where do I begin?\" \"Why do you think Banky's in love with me? Because, I'm pretty sure his feelings are purely platonic.\" \"Does that disappoint you?\" \"Don't fucking answer a question with a question. Why do you think that?!\" \"Okay! Geesh! First off honey, we can smell our own. Second, anyone can see he's over the moon for you! There's missing your bro when he gets a girl, and then there's wishing you were that girl. Banky obviously fell into the latter. Does it upset you?\" \"No. I'm not upset. I'm…confused. I'm so fucking confused.\" \"Well, Banky probably is too. I doubt he ever let his mind truly go there. He's probably convinced himself he just loves you as a friend. But, someday he'll be forced to face it all, and then…well, I don't know what then!\" \"Damnit. You were supposed to be my Yoda. You're supposed to make sense of all this for me.\" \"Well, here's a precious piece of advice, instead of talking to me talk to him!\" \"I've tried! Kinda. Fuck! It'll just piss him off and if I push the issue, he'll bail on me. I can't have that happen. I can't lose him, Hooper.\" Holden then takes a deep breath and continues. \"Besides, I seriously doubt there's actually anything to talk about. I'm thinking your gaydar may need some recalibrating.\" Hooper takes a moment to really observe Holden. \"No honey, I'm pretty sure it's working just fine.\" \"I think I need to just forget all of this. I need to just focus on the comic and the show. Eventually, everything else will just go away.\" \"Yeah, you do that. That'll work.\" Realizing Holden didn't catch his sarcasm, Hooper thinks to himself, 'Forget it. This is their drama to handle.' He's happy to listen, but nothing he says will really matter. So on to other things then. \"You forget all about this gay bullshit. But before you do, you should totally see my show on New Year's Eve!\" \"Show?\" \"Yes! I will be putting on quite the show at this new club! You should bear witness to my awesomeness and then you can leave. Remember honey, you owe me.\" Holden smiles before agreeing. \"Fine, I'll be there.\" Hooper throws his arms up in the air in celebration yelling, \"Yay!\" All Holden can do is laugh. Of course Banky doesn't want to go. It's a gay bar, in the city, on New Year's Eve. Banky has zero interest in this. He wants to get away from all things gay, why on Earth would he go to this? \"Please?\" \"Alright.\" Because, Holden, that's why. He'd do anything for Holden.[Chapter 6] So now the boys are racing against the clock, hoping to get out of the club before they're molested by a bunch of strange men. Ok, that's an extreme exaggeration. They both know it, but at the same time after everything, they just want to run away. \"How about those stairs over there?\" \"Fine! Let's just get the fuck out of here!\" Holden wants to leave just as badly, but does Banky have to be so fucking pissed off? As they leave they notice TVs being turned on all around them, showing the ball about to drop. Holden looks back at Banky only to receive an angry glare. They wind up making it outside to an alley, with just a couple of minutes before the new year. \"Thank Christ! God, why the fuck do I let you talk me into these things! I didn't even want to be here!\" \"OK, Banky! OK! I get it! Kissing a guy is just about the worst thing that could ever happen to you! I'm sorry I scarred you for life, alright! You're a hundred percent hetero! And just the thought of anything otherwise puts you in a disgusted rage! I GET IT! SO PLEASE, I'M BEGGING YOU, JUST SHUT THE FUCK UP ABOUT IT!\" For Banky, Holden's little speech seems to have come out of nowhere. For Holden, he's surprised he hasn't said these words, and more, sooner. He and Banky just stand there staring at each other. Not able to keep it together any longer, Holden averts his gaze down to his feet and furiously wipes at his eyes in an effort to get the tears to stop. Scared, embarrassed, and just so fucking tired of it all, he turns the other way and puts some distance between him and Banky. It's very obvious that Holden's upset. Hurt and upset and it's breaking Banky's heart to see it. Just like Holden never meant to hurt him all those months ago, he never meant to hurt Holden now. He was just trying to protect the friendship. Everything he did was an act to keep the friendship alive, but now he realizes how impossible that is. Things are different now, whether they deal with it or not. But, can Banky really deal with this? Deal with Holden feeling….something…after all? 'Do I feel...something...for him?' As soon as he asks himself this, he realizes it's an asinine question. Of course he does. He loves...No. He's in love with Holden. 'I'm in love with Holden!' Banky had always thought that admitting this would surely be the end of Holden and him, the end of the world, the end of everything! Yet, the universe still exists, the Earth is still turning, and Banky and Holden are still standing in this alleyway. Banky starts to realize that accepting this truth doesn't have to be an ending, but instead can be a beginning to something good. It could be something really amazing. Thinking this puts a ghost of a smile on Banky's face. The smile is short lived though as he realizes that it's not going to be the start of anything unless he actually does something. However, a lifetime of denial is difficult to overcome, so Banky begins to talk himself into action. 'Do something Banky! Holden's walking away from you and possibly walking out of your life...so fucking do something already! Stop being a fucking coward and do something! Panic is starting to build inside of Banky as he watches Holden get further and further away and he's still unable to move. 'Banky Edwards do something! Do something! DO SOMETHING! FUCKING DO SOMETHING! ' \"You didn't…scar me.\" This makes Holden stop and slowly turn around. \"Banky?\" All around them is the sound of the city counting down the seconds until the New Year. For Holden, it was the countdown to the most important moment of his life. Will Banky admit there's something between them? Or will this just be the mother of all let downs? The hopeful look on Holden's tear stained face is enough to finally spring Banky into action. He marches towards Holden, takes one last swig of his beer, and lets the bottle drop to the ground. The city screams \"TWO! ONE! HAPPY NEW YEAR!\" Banky pulls Holden's face to his and, at last, the two kiss. A real kiss with lips opening for more, bodies pressed together, hands grasping for dear life, and the need for each other stronger than the need for air. The next morning Banky is lying naked in bed, with an equally naked Holden next to him fast asleep. Banky reaches over to run his fingers through Holden's hair, smiles to himself, and wonders, 'Why the fuck didn't we do this sooner?!' THE END ","Summary":" Music is blaring in the crowded club, forcing Hooper and Holden to yell very loudly. Banky just slo"},{"Movie":"Breaking Dawn, 2004","Title":"Forbidden Love: The Twilight Saga - The Next Generation","Author":"NickJWifey95","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11074678","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys so it's been a while since I posted anything sorry about that, but I just have so much to get down, and I'm back in school now until May. Maybe I'll post more on Spring Break but I need more comments in order for me to do so. Here's a new story for my Youtube channel watchers and I decide to put it on here as well. So enjoy :). CULLEN/HALE/WHITLOCK FAMILY: Edward and Bella: [Cullen] Lily Collins as Renesmee Cullen - girl Carlisle and Esme: [Cullen] Francia Raisa as Adrian Macy Cullen - girl Emmett and Rose: (Hale/Cullen] Taylor Spreitler as Lennox Dorothy Hale-Cullen - girl (momma's girl) David Lambert as Dorian Sullivan Hale-Cullen - guy (daddy's boy) Jasper and Alice: [Hale/Cullen] Peyton List as Andrea Jane Hale-Cullen - (girl momma's girl) Riley Newman as Jayla Meadow Hale-Cullen - (girl daddy's girl) WOLF FAMILY: Sam and Emily Oldest Daren Kagasoff as Anthony Uley Second oldest Jake T. Austin as Julian Uley Third oldest as oldest Bradley Steven Perry as Gabriel Uley Youngest Cierra Ramirez as Avery Uley - girl (daddy's little girl) Jared and Kim: Ashley Argota as Kiara Cameron Paul and Rebecca: Hayden Byerly as Jude Lahote Maia Mitchell as Callie Lahote Embry Call Seth Clearwater Leah Clearwater Jacob Black In this story of the Cullen family, Adrian is the first hybrid vampire, before Renesmee, than the others. Then there's the wolf pack with the new generation of their kids. What happens when imprinting take control over their lives or finding their mates and be one big happy family. What would happened when they move back to Forks? Will things change for them? Will they find love? This story has a lot of family drama problem, relationship problem, drug issue problem, and abuse.[Chapter 2] Alright here's the first chapter, please no negativity about my script writing. I'm not really great with grammar so please don't correct or say mean things about. I enjoy writing since 2011 and I think I know when my grammar not good or not I don't need to be told by others. Unless you understand or enjoy it. And some of my writing have been approve by then but others haven't so please be nice about it. I don't take criticism very well, thank you. (Just to let you guys know I have learning disability so don't take my writing the wrong way I'm still learning now that I'm in college I will be learning a lot better.) Chapter One: Born This Way _Meanwhile with Renesmee and Adrian_ Renesmee: *looks at Adrian* are you sure this is a great idea? Adrian: of course it's a great idea Seth, Jake will be surprise to see us Renesmee: but will get in trouble Adrian: please I get in trouble all the time, it's no big deal Renesmee: it is to me, you're supposed to be my Aunt, and get me out of trouble not into it Adrian: now that you got that out of your system are you ready Renesmee: *smirks* okay let's do this Adrian: *gets ready to jump off the tree* 1... Renesmee: *also gets ready* 2... Adrian: 3... Go Both girls jump on their imprints on the boys wolf form when they came close Jacob on Renesmee and Adrian on Seth. Both guys stop and looked up startled, both boys growled at them, and the girls quickly got off them and Renesmee said to Adrian. Renesmee: *whisper to Adrian* told you it was a bad idea Adrian just rolled her eyes. The boys transform behind the trees, looks angry at the girls. Jacob: are you too crazy?! Renesmee: sorry we just wanted to have some fun Seth: that could be dangerous you too could have gotten hurt Jacob: *folds arm across chest and glares toward Adrian with a disappointed look* and Adrian you should know better than to pull that stupid stunt Adrian: *act innocent, then folds arm grumpy* why does everybody assume it's me? ?: because it always is All four teens turn around to find a not so happy Edward, Carlisle and Emmett. Adrian *says low voice* uh-oh? Carlisle: Adrian Macy Cullen! Adrian: daddy I can explain Carlisle: nope, I'm tired of hearing your excuses, let go home and talk punishment Adrian: *sighs, nods* I know, I know you talk, I listen Carlisle: that's right Carlisle grabs Adrian by the wrist, Adrian looks toward Seth and mouth 'help me!' Edward:*steps out and folds arm and stares down at his daughter* Renesmee... Renesmee: come on dad you saw what happened, you know what I'm thinking, so just punish me already Edward: *sighs* will disgust in the cottage with your mother. Boys the girls will be on punishment for a while, so no visit time for either them until Carlisle and I say it's okay Jacob: we understand, come on Seth, and let's head back on patrol. Before they realize we gone missing. The boys stayed in the woods, while everyone else head back to their places. _Meanwhile with Andrea and Jayla_ Andrea: Jayla I know you have my shoes now give it to me Jayla: I don't know what you're talking about Andrea: you know exactly what I'm talking about, the high heels blue sparkles shoes. I know you took them. Jayla: why would I want your hideous heels? I hate them, I wear converse and high tops? Andrea: but you always did adore them Jayla: so doesn't mean I like them, doesn't mean I want to wear them. Andrea: ha, you admit you liked them Jayla: *roll eyes* ugh… grow up I did not take your hideous high heels Andrea: *yells frustrated* mom! Jayla: baby Andrea: tattle tale Alice: *comes into the room* yes Andrea Andrea: Jayla called me a tattle tale Jayla: actually my point *continues reading her book* Alice: what's going on girls? Andrea: Jayla took my blue sparkles high heels. I lend it to her before when we took it to the school dance and she hasn't given it back Jayla: for the last time, and I repeat, I did not steal your shoes! Andrea: yes you did! Jayla: did not Andrea: did too Alice: girls! Both of them look toward their mother. Alice: if I was human right now I would be getting headaches with the two of you constant bickering. Its need to end now. Andrea you have to listen to your sister when she says she didn't take it, And Jayla, you're the oldest you must come to me or your father if you're sister bothering you and try not to not kill each other, understand. Andrea/Jayla: yes ma'am Alice: good now girls your father and I will be going on hunting trip with your grandparents don't wait up you have school in the morning Andrea/Jayla: we won't mom Alice: and no fighting while we're gone, be on your best behavior around your Aunt Rose and Uncle Emmett, promise Andrea/Jayla: *smiles innocently* we promise Once their mother left, both girls' glares at each other and Andrea said to Jayla. Andrea: I want those shoes back where you found them *leaves room* Jayla: *micks her sister* I want those shoes back where you found them, please bitch Andrea: heard that! Jayla: good! _Meanwhile with Aaliyah and Dorian_ Aaliyah: *reading a book in her grandfather study* Dorian: *comes in* mom ask if you want to go hunting with Aunt Alice and Uncle Jasper Aaliyah: *looks up* I'm pretty sure Aunt Alice knows my answer already Dorian: oh would you stop moping around. There's a reason why we move back to Folks Aaliyah: I know for Aunt Adrian and Renesmee. It sickens me why they love the wolves so much. Dorian: their Seth and Jacob imprints, you know the wolf's law Aaliyah: yeah and they also know the law to what happens if they break the treaty and I don't want to leave again Dorian: grandpa says we have to leave every 3 or 4 years or people will notice were different Aaliyah: this is sick! For once in my life I wish we were born normal Dorian: I know what you mean? I'm still trying to find my mate Aaliyah: wait what about you and Tanya? Dorian: Uncle Edward said I can't see her anymore Aaliyah: Uncle Edward not your father Emmett is you could see who ever in hell you want Dorian: yeah well try telling to the noisy mind reader of an Uncle of yours Aaliyah: I don't know why he tripping over Tanya anyways, she doesn't seem that bad Emmett: he said I'm too old for her Aaliyah: wow lame excuse doesn't he know that he's older then Aunt Bella Dorian: yeah... I brought that up, don't ever mention it to his face and think it to him again. He doesn't like talking about Aunt Bella past when she was human Aaliyah: but mom told me that Aunt Bella had a choice and we didn't, we were born this way. We don't know if were either vampire or human were just normal hybrid kids that look like teens to the humans but adopted by vampires Dorian: well I guess that something you would have to tell Aunt Bella about _Meanwhile with Adrian_ Adrian: *on the phone with Renesmee* sorry got you in trouble Nessie, I'm supposed to be your Aunt the one that supposed to get you out of trouble not into it Nessie: but I like his side of you Aunt Adrian, you're more of the fun Aunt just don't tell Aunt Alice or Aunt Rose that Adrian: *chuckles* I won't, how long did Edweirdo keep you lock up for Nessie: 1 week, because I should have not listen to you when I knew it was a bad idea Adrian: man... He got soft on you I got 2 weeks from my dad. Something about how I should be the responsible one around you guys and not get you in trouble Nessie: that's seems fair I mean it was your idea Nessie: I guess you're right, for now on I'll try my best to keep you guys out of trouble They both burst out laughing together knowing that would never happened, Adrian smiles and continued talking to her niece, she loves being all the girls favorite Aunt. Because one she is mostly like them, she understood them and her not strict like Bella, Alice and Rose are she more laid back and no parental authority. Jayla: *comes into Adrian's room* Aunt Adrian if it's okay if you bring me and a friend of mine to a party tonight Adrian: cant dad took my keys away for 2 weeks Jayla: please... Aunt Adrian, please... Adrian: no way and beside your dad will kill me, didn't he say no Jayla: well I'm telling them myself yes, and they will never know I can play around with my mom vision she'll never see me missing Jayla power is she can manipulate other people gift. (You'll find out the others power soon.) Adrian: hold on *on the phone* call you back Ness, major criss at the big house Rose and Emmett were watching the children while Carlisle, Esme, Jasper and Alice all went out hunting. Nessie: okay bye Adrian and Nessie both hung up their phones. Adrian got of her bed. Adrian told Jayla to be quiet as she stood by her father study. She made sure Rose and Emmett weren't around and hold out her hands and pulled the desk draw open with her mind and took out the keys to her car and it landed in her hand. Adrian has the power to manipulate objects with the mind. So she can manipulate objects with her mind... And she could protect a shield around her and others, kind of like Bella power. Adrian: *whispers* come on let's go Jayla: *whispers back* aren't you forgetting something Adrian: oh right, Dorian! Dorian: -comes into the room- what? Adrian: can you hide our scent for me please so my dad won't know we been in here Dorian: sure. Wait what you two are up too something are you? Adrian/Jayla: no Dorian: Aunt Adrian Adrian: don't Aunt Adrian me, I'm the adult here, I was born first before all of you Dorian: but aren't you grounded Adrian: -roll eyes- whatever, just do what you're told young man, or else I will tell your father, you were in his jeep without a license Dorian: you wouldn't Adrian: I would Dorian: you know you are evil Aunt when you blackmail you're nephews Adrian: but I'm good aren't I Dorian: a little too good pull that stunt on me like that Adrian: just do it, we don't have much time before the others come back Dorian: fine Dorian walks into the room and hide all there scent in, and Dorian said to them. Dorian: okay you're good Adrian: thanks newfew, come on Jayla before my brother Emmett and my sister Rosalie catch us So the girls snuck out of the house and Adrian took her car, and the two of them cruise together to the party.[Chapter 3]  ","Summary":" Hey guys so it's been a while since I posted anything sorry about that, but I just have so much to "},{"Movie":"Breaking Dawn, 2004","Title":"Never Letting You Go","Author":"NickJWifey95","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10331516","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is a spanking story dont like dont read. This is a Seth Clearwater Love Story, because he's my favorite beside Jacob since I can't use Jacob because that would be weird I used my second choice. So again if you don't like spanking don't read because I'm not forcing you. Summary: Marissa Black daughter too Billy and Sarah Black. Sibling to Jacob, Rebecca and Rachel Black. Marissa is the baby of the family, she is love by her family and the pack and also the Cullen's. Marissa is 12 years old and will experience things she never thought a 12 year old would never experience. With Jacob as Marissa illegal guardian since their father pass, they all been through so much. But to the family comes first and they would never let that go. ... So their dad not alive in this, this event happen a few month after their father death. And yeah the older sisters will be in the story, because I read a bunch of stories like this with the older sister out of the picture or the dad passing away, I always wonder the other way around. But anyways here's the chapter. ... Warning: Spanking Punishment, don't like don't read. |Chapter One| Black Family Marissa's POV Its been a couple of month since our family heard about our father passing. Its really hurting us all, first we lost our mother, now our father. I was pretty young to remember my mother I was only a baby when she pass, but my siblings all tells me about her and Jake said that every time he looks at me and our older sister it remind him so much of our mother. And any time we look at Jake he remind us much of our dad. Ever since Rebecca and Rachel move out to live with their imprints. Its just been me and Jake. His real name is Jacob but our family calls him Jake. Yes I know about the family secrets and that the legends are true. I wasn't suppose to hear about them being true. So once I overheard a conversation I wasn't suppose to here and I got in trouble for it. Somehow eavesdropping is a big no no in the family. You would think I would get grounded, or do chores, get something taken away for a couple of weeks, no my punishment is much worse than that I get spanked. Technically we all did, but now it's just me. Yes our family is very old fashion, but that how we all been raised. I am now 12 years old, in a couple of months I'll be 13. Jake said that I'm growing up to be more like mom everyday. I usually do all the cooking and cleaning in the house because 1) Jake can't cook at all and 2) I always do these kind of stuff ever since my dad was alive and he been a wheelchair. Jake was out with Renesmee, and I was at Rachel and Paul house doing my homework, until Jake comes back. I love Renesmee she cool so is the rest of the Cullens, her parents are very overprotective of her because they never allow her to go to La Push alone. She looks almost 17 years old but that's because she growing pretty quickly but actually 7. Everyone in the family found their imprint except me. Yeah im too young only 12 and Jake won't allow it, he even told the guys if they ever imprint on his little sister he'll kill them, and he isn't kidding either. I couldn't find it unfair because Quil imprint on Claire and she was Emily cousin, Emily was okay with it but Sam on the other hand wasn't because he was an over protective Uncle/godfather. So hopefully one day i'll have an imprint like my siblings but I'm hoping pretty soon. Rachel: Marissa, Jacob on his way back from the Cullen to pick you up get ready, did you get your homework done? Marissa: yeah almost have science and you know how much I hate science Rachel: *smiles* I know but next time ask me for help alright if you need. I dont want you to get in trouble from Jake because you didn't complete your homework I nodded my head and she kissed the top of forehead while I packed up my stuff. Jake always been strict with me about my school work because, I always do it at the last minute. Just then I heard a motorbike roar from outside, singling Jake was here! Marissa: Jacob! I said when enter the house, and smile and ran to him and hug him, and he hug back before pulling away ruffling my hair which he knew I hate and immediately fix my hair. Jacob: hey baby girl ready to go I nodded and said goodbye to Rachel giving her a hug and I fist pump Paul before he wraps his arm around imprint and kiss her. Jacob then remind Paul that they had a tribe meeting tonight and ask Rachel if she could watch me again. Jacob: please Rach only for 1 night Rachel: cant i have to work to night? why can't you ask Rebecca to do it? Im sure she misses Marissa Jacob: *sighs* alright, I'll ask her when we get home Marissa: I don't need a babysitter Jake I can take care of myself Jacob: *shakes head no* no I can't take that risk Marissa: *whine* why not Jake Im a big girl now, I could take care of myself Jacob: that's enough Marissa, when I say no I mean no, don't push my buttons today I'm in no mood to deal with you right now Marissa: what did I do? Jacob: its nothing you did, usually when we have tribe meeting something doesn't always go the way things planned to be Although Jacob is Alpha now and Sam is his second command. They work together with the pack now and usually Jake is always stress about meetings. So I never push him when he's around because usually that would put my but on the line. Marissa: can I come please instead of being home Jacob: no their a reason your not suppose to be their, and you have school tomorrow and bed time is at 9 Marissa: what's the reason? Jacob: Marissa I have my reason and I'm not telling you why? Because it's none of your business it's the pack business. Marissa: *pouts* fine Jacob: come on let's take you home Marissa and wave by to Paul and Rachel before walking over to Jake's motor bike. Usually we take his car because Jake never allows me to ride his motorbike but now that Im 12, he somewhat changes his mind we wear a stupid helmet. Jacob hand me my helmet, and I told my arm and pouted at him, and he gave me the 'don't tess me look', before I snatch it from and mumble under my breath hoping he did here but, he did with his stupid wolf hearing because I never get away it. He grabbed a hold of my hand before I try to run and smack my but 3 times and wince in pain from his strong arms. Jacob: don't be disrespectful young lady, and I don't ever want to hear that type of language from you again, do I make myself clear I just nodded not looking at him, earning me another smack to my backside and I jump and rub my stinging backside. Jacob: what was that? Marissa: *mumble* yes sir *rubs her bottom* Jacob: that's what thought Jake got on his back and I slowly got on behind him carefully because my but was still stinging from the couple of smacks I receive from Jake because his hands were so strong. I wrapped my arm around Jake tightly afraid to fall off, and I buried my head in his back of him, and Jake drove us home. When we arrive home, Jake parked his bike in the garage and I hope off hand him my helmet before running out of the garage and into the house putting my stuff down with Jake following behind. I went to watch some tv but Jake stopped me before I did. Jake: did you finish your homework? Marissa: yes Jake: mind if I take a look to make sure you did it I frown and hopped out of the couch and over to my school bag, and sat down with Jake at the kitchen table and took out my school work and my check list. Jake looked over my homework too make sure I did everything and I was nervous when he came across my science homework and I played around with sleeves nervous, I always did that when I'm nervous or shy around people I don't know. Jake: your science is half down, I want you to finish this, then I want you to take out dishes out of the dishwasher as punishment for lying to me Marissa: but I didnt lie, I just told you what you need to here Jacob: yeah that's lying Marissa: but I got my other homework done Jacob: I don't care, I wanted all of it done, and you lie to me and you know how I feel about liars Marissa: *mumbles* you lie to me all the time Jacob: *raise eyebrow at me* what was that? Marissa: you heard what I said? Jacob: don't get your attitude with me, you're the one that didn't get your homework done and lied about it Marissa: what's the big deal it's just homework? Jacob: it is so a big deal. You need to stop neglecting your responsibilities and start being more responsible Marissa: *roll eyes* whatever Jacob: *pissed off* that's it had it with your attitude and back talk Jake got up from the table and over to where the wooden spoon. I froze, was he really going spank me with that. Please tell me this is so some sick joke. He usually just use his hand or the hairbrush. Marissa: Jake please not the wooden spoon! I'll be good next time I promise! Jacob: *comes over with the wooden spoon* Marissa you been giving me attitude and back talking a lot, when I tell you to do something you do it with no black talk understand I started crying but manage to choke out a 'yes sir'. Jake sat down on one of the wooden chairs in the kitchen, and called me over, I got up and walk over to Jake, he unbutton my jeans and pulled them done to my ankle, he pulled me over his lap and started spanking with his hands first kver my panties. Smack! Smack! Marissa: *sobbing* Jake ow! please Im ow! sorry He ignore my cries and pleas and kept going, for about 3 minutes with his hands. He gave me a couple minutes to relax, before pulling down my panties. Marissa: *covers her hand bottom with her free hand* no Jake please no more! It hurt so much *sobs* Jacob: Marissa Black you know why you're in position, now move your hands before I move it for you or I'll give you 15 instead of 10 I immediately move hand not wanting another and gasp at the first smack with the wooden paddle. After the last smack, I broke down crying and Jake pulled me up and pulled me in a hug and kiss my forehead and said to me. Jacob: now are you going to do the rest of your homework and unload the dishes I nodded and respond with a yes sir before wiping the tears with my sleeves, Jake pulled my panties and jeans back in place making flinch as the fabric of my clothes touch my bottom and I rubbed it. I sniffled and Jake set me back on the hard wooden chair, and I wiggle around a little bit trying to find a comfortable position before finish my science homework in silent but with Jake help of course.[Chapter 2] Hey guys hope you like sorry took to long to post this chapter almost forgot about this story. Hope you like, comment please would mean a lot and sorry this chapter is a bit short. |Chapter Two: Nightmares| Marissa's POV After I done my homework, I unload the dishes from the dishwasher while Jake called Rebecca to look after for me tonight. When I was done I told Jake I was finish, and since I was done with my homework, he ask if I wanted to watch a movie and I gladly accepted. We watch one of my favorite movies The Wizard of Oz. Jake was sitting up while I was laying on my stomach and my head on his lap as he ran his hand over my hair like my mother usually does after situation like this, because I didnt dare want sit down on the couch after a spanking. When Rebecca came by Jake left for the pack meeting and Rebecca and bake a decorate cookies together, until it was time for bed. I showered, brush my teeth put on my night gown, and Rebecca tuck me in and kiss the top of my forehead and said good night. I miss having my other big sister around. She was in Hawaii and had a husband but they got a divorce. She then move back home and decide to move back in with me and Jake after hearing about dad dying. But, then Embry imprint on her and Rebecca move in with him and left us again but this time a block away, like Rachel. Sometimes I wish we were like normal famiy with mom, dad, sisters and brother all together. Before all the accident, imprinting and the family secret of course. A lot of you may ask how come Jake my guardiane and not my older sisters. Well the reason being because my brother is stricter than my sisters because they let me get away with everything. The social worker saw something in my brother that made him the right choice to look after me and of course Jake gladly excepted. After Rebecca tuck me in I immediately feel asleep in a not so peaceful dream I was running in the forest from something. It was dark probably at night. I then saw something that freak me out. Instead of standing in two feet I was standing on four. I was werewolf, more like Jake coloring. I was freaking out after I look myself in the mirror. Then something came out of no where and push me into the tree. I started panicking, I looked up and saw a red head girl, with red eyes, vampire. It smirk at me and I started backing away. It bite me and I screamed and everything went black. I scream to someone trying to wake me up but I kept hitting and hitting until I heard a familiar voice. ?: relax Marissa its me Jacob I open my eyes and notice it was him, and I broke down crying in his arms. Jacob: shh... Its okay, wanna talk about it Marissa: no its stupid Jacob: Marissa nothing you say is ever stupid Marissa: fine, I was running in the forest then out of no where I turn into a wolf If Jake eyes got any bigger I didnt think it was possible, I have a feeling he knows something I dont. Jacob: what did you look like? Marissa: almost similar to yours but smaller, and then all the sudden someone with red eyes tried to attack me and their was no one their to save me not even you Jacob: Marissa you know that would never happened, because 1) your not a werewolf 2) I wont make that happened 3) I would never let anything hurt you Marissa: but what if I do turn into a werewolf, Im a Black its in my blood Jacob: but Im not sure if female can turn into one, in generation it always been males, not sure about the females but Leah is different were not sure if it will happened to you Marissa: are you sure? Jacob: a-absoutely Marissa: okay, but you wont let anything happened to me even if I do Jacob: I promise Marissa: promise to be their for me if I do change Jacob: cross my heart, and hope to...no just cross my heart Marissa giggles and hug Jacob he smiles and hug back and looks toward the clock and sighs and kiss the top of forehead. Jacob: okay go back to bed you have school in the morning Marissa: but Im not *yarns* tired Jacob: *chuckles* I see otherwise Marissa: how did the pack meeting go? Jacob: okay, but not saying anymore becuse you need to stop stalling go to bed Marissa. *frown* night Jake Jake kissed the top of my forehead before leaving my bedroom and I tried to get some sleep. I woke up again around 5:30 feeling grumpy. I had another nightmare but dont feel like going into anymore details. I usually get up around 6:45 because school starts at 8, but it takes me a while to look perfect for school. I got up, to brush me teeth, then I decide to go to the kitchen to start making myself something to eat. I decide to make myself some cereal, and I ate some. Jake came in looking tired and notice me awake. Jake: you okay, your up early Marissa: yeah couldnt sleep any more so I decide to just go ahead and get something to eat Jake: alright then. Its still to early so I'll let stay up and I will go back to sleep. Wake me up when your ready to gi I nodded and Jake left the room. I finish my cereal , wash the dish then took a quick shower. I picked out the clothes I wanted to wear. Cured my hair like those memerid curls which took a while because I wanted to look perfect. Then put a little bit of make up on, then I notice the time 7:25 Jake and I usually leave the house at 7:30. So I woke Jake up told him i was ready to get ready. He brush his teeth put on a teeshirt and short, before grabbing his keys, I guess we were taking his car today and the two of us headed out as we were off to my school.[Chapter 3] Hey guys hope you like, sorry its been so long since i posted but here I am now and enjoy. :) Chapter Three: The Third Wheel| I sigh as my teacher and I were the only ones left outside the school doors, waiting for Jake to come pick me up but he never showed up and I was beginning to worried. But then again he probably late because he was always at the Cullen's because of Renesmee. Teacher: come on sweetheart lets get inside and call someone to get you My teacher never like Jake. In fact, she use to have Jake in one of her classes before and she would find him always irresponsble. Well thats what I heard. Usually i thought the teachers would treat me differently because they would compare to how great my brother is but boy was I wrong. Suddenly I notice famailr car pulled in the drive way it wasnt Jake, it was of course Renesmee and I was totally right about him being with her. Jake got out of thw car with Renesmee and quickly ran over to me and pulled me into a hug. Jacob: baby girl Im so sorry, something came up at the Cullens and had to be their Marissa: its okay Jake I understand the Cullens are more important then your sister Jacob went to say something but the teacher pulled him a side and gave him a good firm talking including my behavior at school which I did not have a good day at all. Renesmee and I both stayed silent, neither one of us speaking to each other. We usually hang out all the time but then she got older and spend more time with my brother and Im always end up being the Third Wheel when it comes to them. Jake finish talking to my teacher and he said to me in a stern voice. Jacob: let's go Marissa Marissa sigh and wave bye to her teacher before following Jake and Renesmee too the car. When we arrive at the Cullen's place i almost step out of the car but Jake immediately locked the doors before I left. Jacob: not so fast Marissa: Jacob please can we talk about this at home and then you could deal with me their Renesmee: um... i'll let you two talk Renesmee quickly got out of car and into the house wishing I could go with her but Jake not letting me leave until I start giving him answer. Jacob: what happened today in school? Marissa: I dont know what your talking about Jacob: you know exactly what Im talking about. Your teachers been saying you dont to your homework and schoolwork, and your behavior in class is not up to the teacher standers Marissa: *looks down* Im sorry Jacob: no your not look me in the eye and tell me that Marrisa looks up at her brother who was not happy with her and Jake said. Jacob: what has gotten into you lately? Your attitude, back talk, disrepect, not doing what your told to and disobey authority is unlike you Marissa: I know! Everyone expect me to br not what i am right now. Im just tired of all this Jacob: tired of what Marissa: nothing forget it you wont care Jacob: but, Im listening. Its just you and me no one else Marissa: Jake were not alone we know that everyone is listening inside in our conversation can we talk when we get home Jake: *sighs* sure but then you and I are going to have a stern talking to you later about your behavior lately understand Marissa: *nods head* yes sir Jacob let me out of the car, and I quickly got to the front porch of the Cullen with my back on and Jake and I walk into the house upstairs and was met by the whole Cullen family. Jacob: Marissa you go a head and start your homework and you better have it all done before we leave here tonight Marissa: *roll eyes* yes brother dearest The guys snickered and I felt Jacob hard glare on me from behind my head, but I ignore and sat down at a table and started doing my homework and everyone left me alone to do other things to keep them occupied. ","Summary":" This is a spanking story dont like dont read. This is a Seth Clearwater Love Story, because he's my"},{"Movie":"Breaking Dawn, 2004","Title":"twilight saga: renesmay's story","Author":"melodycathood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8750306","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my story so hope you like it. this happens when jacob and renesmay are older. Jacob and Renesmay being in there older age of love, they are every happy well its not the ending . A new danger threats when Sam and the pack are angery that Jacob and Renesmay are in love. As Sam comes to try to get them to break up Jacob fights for his true love. Sam swore to not let this happen so weeks, and weeks of hearing nothing from imagine Sam has lost. Three months after not won word from the packs, he feels a threat. Jacob hears a a grand howl in the wind, but he had never heard this kind of howl before so Jacob tells Renesmay to go to her parents house were she was to stay as Jacob leaves to fight for his love. After jacob has left to protect renesmay from any harm, he was going to try to talk sam out of it, but sam was in no mood to talk it out , so when jacob was not looking sam attacks jacob, as he struggles to not fight, jacob knew what he would have to do to live in peace and quit with Renesmay. So Jacob quickly springs up and runs away Sam chases after, jacob runs, and runs but could not lose him, but then jacob hears that grand howl again and Sam fell to the ground. jacob leaves to find were he and Renesmay would be safe.[Chapter 2] Chapter2 see if Jacob will return to his love renesmay After jacob was threat by his own pack he feels there's no won to help him. As jacob heads back to Bella's house to see if Renese was ok when he got back, but no won was home so he went to Charlie's to see if anyone was there. When jacob got there,Charlie answered the door and jacob quickly asks for Renesmay and Charlie says ( no boy haven't heard from them for awile ) as jacob looks disapointed, he says ok then leaves in a rush to find were Renesmay was. After a day has past Jacob was screaming and then it hit him were she was. As jacob rushes through the woods he run a fast as he could but then he hears that grand howl again and stops and falls to the ground and passes out. Three hours after he had pasted out he had finally woke up in a dark cave with an vampire and a wolf over him jacob yell and then the wolf explains who he is, his name was logan and the vampires name was melody and they explained why jacob was here the couple was just like him and Renesmay and they've been looking for more couples who were like them so they could fight together and win. Then Jacob rememberd why he was sad in the first place because he had lost his one true love and then the couple was saw how lonely jacob was so they said ( look love comes and goes and if you love something set it free and if it lovea you it will come back just like in this case) and then out of the dark in the wind cave was renesmay and edward, and bella, but jacob could only care about renesmay and how safe she was.[Chapter 3] Chater 3 After jacob finds renesmay he still faces the danger of sam and the packs, as jacob hugs renesmay, he told er she was in danger but he would protect her, he also said that she was to stay with melody wile logan and jacob go and fight. As renesmay bages for jacob not to go he tells her i promise to return as soon as i can. When jacob leaves he tries not to turn back. When jacob and logan approach the wolftori they say ( we have come because we have news about the packs and vampires) as the wolftori look confused they say (yes?) In confusment . As jacob and logan tell them about they had news that wolfs and vampires are dating, but before they told them it was jacob and renesmay, the wolftori stand and say (this is an outrage we must stop this at once ) then jacob and logan look down at the ground and say ok then i guess well just leave As they were walking out the door jacob say NO this is not going to happen with them on our backs as well he screams we are the ones who are dating me and renesmay are, now you can stop us from dating but you can never stop us from loving each other. Then just then the voltory walk in and say i hear. Wolfs and vampires are dating? Yes they are me and renesmay are and you can do whatever you want to me but please dont hurt renesmay. But then the wolftori say never in the world will we allowed vampirres and wolfs to date and we will keep our rule. ","Summary":" This is my story so hope you like it. this happens when jacob and renesmay are older. Jacob and Ren"},{"Movie":"Breaking Dawn, 2004","Title":"Jacob and Renesmee","Author":"tris.and.four.16","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10179141","Passage":"[Chapter 1] *Jacob POV* chapter 1(Bonfire) It's been 8 years since the volturri came for Renesmee and to be honest,since then our lives have been looks about 18 now, she's stoped growing about a year and a half ago, not that im complaining,but it's just been a little akward between me and Ness 'e been avoiding her beaucause lately whenever im around her i feel like all i want to do is kiss her and hold her so close she can never leave this is new to me, all her life since iv'e imrinted ,i have been her brother,her friend,her protecter but never her lover and now that's all i want but how do i tell her that if i havent even told her i imprinted on her. Bella and edwad asked me not to tell her so she can make the connection herself but so far nights when were in her room alone watching scary movies she curves her body to shape mine and buries her face in my i catch her staring at me ad i wonder what shes thinking in that beautiful mine of hers. i have never has the with bella and edwards permission i'm gonna tell her .they've finally agree that i have waited long enough. i drive up to the cullen's house in my new car esme bought me for my birthday a 2014 silver lexus really is like a mother to me. i walk up to the porche but edward opens to door before i even knock and ges strait to the point. \"are you sure?\" asked Edward \"aboooout?\" i asked \"Renesmee told us were your going 's right, a bonfire with the u sure thats it's a good idea\" \"look i know it's not ideal but i wanna give her another chance at figuring it out on her own before i tell her. billy is gonna tell Quileute ledgends as always and hopfully she gets it\" \"what i meant was are you sue you wanna tell her?\" i took a deap breath and tried to remember that thou they may look the same age she was still his daughter. \"look,Edward i'm sorry ,i know you wanted me to wait but i cant,not enymore.i love i need to know i she loves me to\" before he could answer Ness was running down the staires sceaming \"JAKE!\".she ran up to me and gave me a big hug. I held on to her even after she let go scared that after tonight she may never wanna see me again for lieing all these years. finnaly i let go ,she said her goodbyes and we were ness realises we were pulling in to my house she got confused look on her face so i answered the question that was clearly in her head \"bonfire meeting\".as we got out of the car she saw all the pack members old and ,Paul,Embry,Seth,Brady,Collin and Sean. \"ooooh so the big bad alpha calls a meeting and all his beta's come running\" she says sarcastically.\"how do you know i called this meeting?\". she stopes walking and glars at me \"ok so i called this meeting\"i confess.\"but i called it beacause i want you to hear one of the Quileute ledgens\". she smiles and we walked over to my we have mingeled a little my dad calles us to sit so he can tell the ledgend and i watch Renesmee. *billy* i can see how important this is to jacob so i promisd him i would try my very est to make it clear to Renesmee. \" 's not like love at first sight, really. It's more like... gravity moves... suddenly. It's not the earth holding you here anymore, she does... You become whatever she needs you to be, whether that's a protector, or a lover, or a friend.\" i look over at Nessie realising the she dosent know much about imprinting so i go on. \"Imprinting is the involuntary mechanism by which Quileute shape-shifters find their people they were destined to be with. When a shape-shifter imprints on a specific person, he becomes unconditionally bound to her for the rest of his life. When it happens, the experience is described as being gravitationally pulled toward that person while a glowing heat fills him; the connections of everything else become severed, or simply secondary, and only the imprintee is left to matter, leaving the shape-shifter with a deep need to do anything to please and protect the person. the imprinter is deemed to be the \"perfect match\" to the imprintee; he will be anything she may want or need\". *Renesmee* the more i listening to Billy talk about imprinting the more confused i get beacause what hes saying about how the shape-shifter do enything to please his imprint remindes me of why i have had a crush on Jacob for MY GOD am i jake's imprint.\"no\" i whisper so low a normal human coulden't hear me but i was surounded by wolves Billy's story stoped and all eyes fell on silent allowed me a moment to process. \"no\"i repeatd. \" . . you didin' lied to me.\"i asked stuned. i couldent beilve jacob the man iv'e loved for so long has been lieing to me. \"Ness\" his hands move to touch mine and i pull away i have never done that in shock i stand he does the same.i realise that there were people staring at me waiting for me to talk to might be thinking i needed privacy but no i needed answers now. \"i-i-i can't even\" words were lost to me. insted i felt my heart break and tears fall on my cheak. \"Nessie, let's go inside\" said jacob. \"NO!\"i screamed \"i want the truth right now!\" probrably making the pack uncomftorble they get up and try to leave \"sit!\" they do as i say cleary this was all set up for me, they all knew. a little calmer i turn to jacob and say \"i'm trying to-\" i put both hands on my head trying to keep it from exploding. \" trying to think .what possible reason you would have .to lie to me. God jake you know- we talk about the most random stuff every day,all day but you couldent be bothered to mention -hey i got new parts for that bike weve been fixing up and i ordered isidious 2 we can watch tonight oh! and by the way I IMPRINTED ON YOU!\". \"oh god ,oh god ,oh god\". i didint really know why i was freaking out ive loved jake forever and now i find out were soul mates thats awsome but its the lieing part i cant get passed. \"Renesmee carlie cullen you need to calm down im .if im not the guy you wanna be with then-\" \"Jake thats not it\" i interupt him. \"its not?\" he askes \"no\" i laughed.\"you really don't see it do you?\" the look of confusion mad me laugh. \"i'm in love with you, you idiot\" cofusion turned to pack smiled i even heared a fiew \"oooh\" i almost forgot they were there. \"whats the problem then\" he asked with a smile \"the problem Jake? 're really slow at picking stuff up arent you? the problem is that my entire life with you was a .your . there just .empty. lies\" more tears stream down my face. Jacob stepes forward forward and i step back \"don't\"i say half hartedly he raises his hands in surender and i let him approch me he wipes away my tears and i place my face in his hands and snifel \"i love you .SO .much\" sayed Jacob no mader how upset i still cant bring myself to give up the chance to tell him \"i love you too\" a single tear falls on his cheak and i snifel in his hands. \"Ness i NEED you to know all our talks and our jokes\"i chuckell. \"and especilly my promises were all i did- yes i know i had no right to-it wasent my choice to make i did was give you a chance to have a choice. so Ness whats your choice?\" i coould feel all the eyes on my the the only eyes i was focused on were Jacob's and the thought of waking up to thoses eyes every my anger was gone. \"kiss me\". \"what?\" asked jacob \"kiss me you fool or ill go kiss seth\" i sayed with a smile seth looks at me and sayes.\"WHAT!\".Jacob laughes and leanes in and kisses me like i never imagend a kiss could feel filled with passion and alot of touching. we heared alot of \"aw aw\" and \"oooooh\" from the guys and billy sayed \"guys?\" once they realise we wont be stoping enytime soon they just get up and walk in the house with our lips still glued together.[Chapter 2] *bella pov* chapter two (heart) as we watched the fire burn and lisend to the sound of the crackel the soud of jacob's car pulled me away from th comfort of edwards arms. \"she's here...\"i anxious to breath louder and i stand hand in hand walkes in the house and closes the door with a slam. \"renesmee\" i say with suprise,shes never slamed a door in her live ,wich is weird to say but renesmee has always been the most peaceful personne i know,i guess she gets that from her aunt alice. as nessie moved to go to her room edward speaks up for the first time since the car pulled up. \"nessie..\"edward called her souding annoyed i know it must bug him not reading her mind but out of respect i asked him not to, to just let her tell us herself how it went. renemee slowely turns around saying in a sarcastic tone \"oh! hi mom,hi dad omg! guess what jacob, imprinted on me. yeah thats right he told me tonight. but then again you already knew diint you knew this whole time and didint say a word.i mean i cant believe you guys\"she took a breath and when her rant went on she souded so sad it would break eny mothers heartwatching tears fall from a daughters cheek \"daddy... how could you do this to me,you saw in my head everyday and you said saw what having him pulling away from me did to me and you sayed you mom,i should be so excited right now kowing that the one i have loved for as long as i can remember loves me back. i should want to jump aroud and share with my mom all that happend tonight but i can barely look at you both. never have i thought to two most loving and wonderul people i know and parents could do this to here we are\".she runs her hand across her cheek drying her eyes and turns to walk away. i wannt to follow her or say my side of the story but my feet are stuck and i feel a knot in my throuht but thankfuly my hand finds the strenght to tighten its hold on edwards \"wait...!\" he says. \"can u just give us a minute to explaine... please?\". after a minute of thinking it over she says \"ok\". we sit across from eachother and i hear edward be more volnerabel then i have ever heard him and it warms my cold heart. \" ... im going to tell u why i,myself didint tell you. now i can tell you its because i wanted you to have a choice like i told jacob ,wich is true but,its not the whole truth .the whole truth is that the day you were born was also the day your mother picked your name wich i know dosent sound like much but...\" he took a beap breath. i didint know where he was going with this. \"it was one of the fiew moments in your mothers pregnancy that i felt excited to be a other was the first time i heard you tell your mother and i you loved us and that you liked the sound of our voices before you were even born,in when i delivered you i felt joy,and happyness and guilt. i felt guilty because a fiew days before you were born grandpa carlisle had just told us you were breaking your mother's bones\" he tightens his grip on my hand and continues.\"and i told her i couldent live with out her and she said i wouldent, beacause i would have a part of her and that you would need me and i asked her if she really thought i could love you or even tolerate you if you took her away from with you in my arms i realised that i never wanted you to know about that moment of weakness and fear i had over loosig the one i loved beacause now i have two beautiful girls that i would risk my life to and your mother. so when jacob told us he imprinted i could see in his mind the love he had for you but i could also see the dangers the wolves face and i guess i was trying to make up for not enjoying you before i saw or head i know it was selfish and im sorry but when your mother decided she wanted you to be abel to grow up not knowing you were destined to be with jake and that she wanted you to experince falling in love not knowing you were supposed to.i agreed and we are so so very sorry\". with tears in her eyes renesmee gets up and rushes over to us.\"daddy...mom...i forgive you i understand why you did it but you need to understand that no matter what happens with jake i will always be your little girl and u dont need to feel guilty about whant you said to mom about me i understand you were sacred to lose her.i love you both so much\".and with a hug we said our good nights.[Chapter 3] (IM SORRY IF THIS CONFUSES YOU BUT ABOUT A MONTH AFTER JAKE TELLS RENESMEE THE CULLENS,JAKE AND HIS PACK (QUILL,SETH,LEAH,SEAN,JAY,LUKE AND JASON) ALL MOVED TO ALASKA AFTER ONE OF CARLISLES PATENTSS ASKE HIM ABOUT HIS SECRET TO LOOKING SO AN THEY STILL LIVE THE SAE WAY (THE CULLEN FAMILY IN A BIG HOUSE IN THE WOODS AND BELLA EDWARD ND RENESMEE IN A SMALLER BUT BIG HOUSE ABOUT 250 FEET INTO THE WOODS AND THE PACK LIVE IN A NICE LARGE HOUSE TOGETHER.) *renesmee pov* chapter three (2 1/2 months later) \"but,why?...\" i asked. it has been two and a half moth since jake told me he imprinted on me and since then life has been pretty were at grandma and granpa house and mom and dad are on the couch watching football with uncel emmet,uncle jasper,aunt alice,aunt rosalie and grandma as i sat on jake's lap i was trying to convice mom and dad to let me inrole in school this semester. \"no renesmee.\" said mom. \"dad!?\" i asked \"no\"said dad \"oh my god!... GRANDPA!\" grandpa carlisle came out of his office in what i like to call super-speed. \"yes,darling what is it?\" \"can you please.. tell mom and dad that its perfectly safe for me to go to school this semester\"i begg \"school? you know most teen would love the oppertunity to not go to school. have you even explained to your parents why you wanna go\" i realised then that i havent and that i should, while makeing a good case .so to make my point i get up from jake's lap and reach over for the remote and turn off the game.\"hey's\" and wow's\" are hear all around. \"sorry but i need you to listen...\" with everyones eyes on my i explaine. \"ok you know i love you,all of you as much as i possibly can but i feel like im being suffacated.i mean im either here,at our place or at jake's. i need to eperience the world even if my world can only conciste of alaska. i dont wanna spend my life looking over my shoulder makeing sure the volturi isent gonna kill me.i want to be as normal as i can be wich is gonna be hard enough concidering to fact that i'm only half i want friends.i saw the pictures mom took her seniour year and it looks like you had great friends.i want that...please\". everyone takes there attention from me to my parets who are watching eachother. \"she has a point\".says aunt rosalie. a surge of joy runs threw my boddy as the other members of my family start to agree. \"yeah i know she does...\"says dad \"EDWARD WAIT!\"says mom \"mom?\" i ask,curious about her anger \"love,what is it?\"askes dad \"i just...i dont know.\"says mom \"mom come on,... please..?\"i ask she turnes to look at my dad. \"we keep doing the selfish thing when it comes to her,but...if she joins us next semester what will people think. obviously we would have to say shes our foster sister but...its bad enough i need to preted your not my husband as i watch all the girls melt everytime we strt a new year but...how am i supposed to stop being her mother after i fought so hard to be her mother?\"she confesses my famillie joins me in our realesation that we missed the most obvious reason for her dissaprouval. as my attempts to comfort her with a hug i walk ver to the couch and get down on my knees while seeing the small smile on my fathers face realising that he must have read my thoughts an knows what im going to ay i smile back and look at my mother. \"mom...\" she looks at me with a face that tells me if she could she would cry. \"mom. do you reember the night jake told me about him having imprinted on me?\"i ask \"of course!\"she sayes with a smile. \"well that night i also told you that no matter what happens i will ALWAYS be your little girl..?\"i asked \"yes i your right,just beacause i cant be your mom in public dosent mean im 'll be the same with school\" \"seriously!\" \"yes.\" with a big hug i say \"ohhh thank you,thank you,thank you\" \"all right nessie's going to school with us sweeeeeet!\"says uncle emmett once i did my rounds of family members reciveing hugs and congradulations i made sure to get my promise from dad that he would inrole me in school with them by morning bacause school started in two weeks. jake walked me home. ","Summary":" *Jacob POV* chapter 1(Bonfire) It's been 8 years since the volturri came for Renesmee and to be hon"},{"Movie":"Breaking Dawn, 2004","Title":"Claw Out My Heart","Author":"midnitemusic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6521771","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Bells, hurry up! We're going to be late to school! And it's the last day! Hurry uuupppp!\" I pounded my hand against the oak door, trying to get Bella to open the door to the bathroom. Do you know what's worse than sharing one bathroom with a 18 year-old girl, and a chief of police? Nothing. \"Max, I'll be out in a minute, I'm just having a bad hair day, and it looks like a bird's nest, so just give me a sec!\" I groaned, knowing that Bella's version of a second is about an hour. \"Bells, open the door and let me in; I'll help you with that knot you call your \"hair.\" I heard Bella groan, clearly frustrated, before she opened the door and yanked me inside. \"Yikes, you weren't kidding, looks like something curled up on your head and died.\" I surveyed the tangle of hair on the top of her before I grabbed a conveniently placed brush, and got to work. After about 5 minutes or so of yanking the brush through her mane, I finally stepped back and looked at my masterpiece. \"Viola!\" I said as Bella turned to look at herself in the mirror. \"I love it!\" she squealed, \"You're a genius!\" \"So I've been told; now, come on, we've got to get to school!\" I grabbed the collar of her shirt and literally dragged her down the stairs and to the front door. \"Bye dad!\" we called back to Charlie, already halfway out the door. \"I'm still not used to calling him dad….\" Bella said once we were inside the car. \"You? Imagine me! He's not even my real dad!\" I said while laughing. \"Hahaha, right, whatever.\" We arrived at school and got out of the car. As usual, most of the guys within seeing range stopped and stared at me. Ugh, this school is just full of perverted idiots. \"Ugh, I feel like a troll standing next to you.\" Bella said, all the while glaring at the guys that were staring at me. She can really act like a sister at times. \"What? Stop putting yourself down! Your beautiful too, and the guys in this school are just looking for a pretty face so they can 'get it on'!\" I said, raising my voice at the end. \"You're kidding me! Look at you; you're Mrs. Tall, dark, and beautiful, while I'm Mrs. Short, pale, and plain.\" Bella huffed, looking down at the ground. Before I could even say anything, a new voice cut in. \"Well, I don't know if it means anything to anybody, but you're the most beautiful girl I have ever seen.\" \"Edward!\" Bella exclaimed, running into his waiting arms. \"I've missed you!\" She kissed him lovingly on the lips. \"Ugh can you guys, like, wait until I get out of the room? Or better yet, save it for after you get married.\" I said, a disgusted look crossing my face. Bella blushed and glared at me, while Edward just chuckled. \"You know how she hates it when you remind her about it.\" He said, grabbing her hand and holding it. \"How could she not remember it? She has a huge rock on her hand that probably weighs the same as a small dog! It's impossible to forget with that ring on her finger!\" I lifted Bella's hand up as if to say \"see?\" Bella snatched her hand away and glowered at me, her whole face flushed. \"Aw, well isn't it the lovely engaged couple?\" \"Emmett…\"Bella groaned, looking annoyed, but the huge vampire just grinned at her. Yes, I did say vampire ; I knew all about the Cullens and the pack, but I haven't really met anybody who was a wolf. Right about now, if somebody told me they were a unicorn, I would have probably believed them. \"Oh come on! How come when he says that, all he gets is \"Emmett…\" , while I get a whole speech from the soon-to-be-groom over there?\" I said, jerking my head towards Edward, disbelief written all over my face. \"That's because while I know you could harm me badly, and possibly kill me, Emmett can kill me with just two fingers.\" Bella said with a isn't it obvious? look. Emmett laughed while I pouted. \"Aw, looks like Maxy is upset.\" Jasper said, striding towards us with Alice sashaying by his side. \"Emmett, I wouldn't do that if I were you,\" Alice said, looking up at the gigantic vamp with an amused look. \"What? You mean this? \" Emmett strode over to me, picked me up, and spun me around while I yelled at him to put me down. \" Erhem.\" Em put me down, and we both looked in the direction of the person who cleared his throat. \"Oh great, it's Mike, the delusional yellow lab.\" Edward must have heard my thoughts because he looked like he was going to burst out laughing anytime soon. \"Uh, you erhem ed?\" Rosalie snapped, always being the impatient one. Mike looked at her, then turned his attention towards me. I could already tell I was going to need to get Em and Jazz to hold me back to prevent me from ripping out this kid's throat. \"Yeah, I was wondering, Max, would you like to go out with me, you know, to celebrate getting out of this hellhole?\" he asked, ending the question with a nervous chuckle. \"Um, sorry, I can't, I, uh, um, I got to, uh….\" Alice, seeing I was hesitating, decided to step in. \"She can't go because she's going to celebrate with us.\" I threw her a look that clearly said thank you for saving me from a date with this pup, and then nodded in Mike's direction to confirm what Alice had just said. \"Oh, um ok…I guess I'll see you soon? I hope? Maybe you can come visit me at the store or something…?\" Man, for someone who tries to act cool, this guy can be really insecure! \"Uh, yeah, maybe. I'll try to stop by.\" Translation: I'll visit you when hell freezes over, and when Bella can play sports. And for those of you who haven't seen Bella play sports, consider yourselves lucky. More then one person has lost a tooth from when she tried to play football. I watched him walk away, then turned to Alice. \"Thank you, thank you, thank you! I owe you big time! You're a legend, and you dominate, and you're a boss!\" I said while hugging her. Emmett laughed. \"In Max's book, that's the highest level you could get!\" I pouted, pretending to be mad. At the exact same the bell rang. \"Ok, well see you guys later.\" I said, using my signature goodbye. (It's just a salute using only your pointer and middle finger.)[Chapter 2] \" 3…2…1… FREEDOM!\" The last bell rang, signaling the end of the last day of school. Instantly, all of my friends surrounded me, and we all talked excitedly. \"I can't believe it's the end of the school year!\" \"I know!\" \"We're finally free from this jail they call a school.\" Everybody laughed at my comment. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw someone waving frantically at me. I fully turned my head towards the person, and noticed it was Alice. \"Oh hey guys, I have to go. But I'll see you later. Bye!\" I waved at the crowd as I walked away. Alice instantly snatched my arm and hauled me over to where the others were standing. \"Ok, so what Rose and I were thinking was that, you know, since you love us and owe me for saving you from Mike, is that we get to dress you up for when you go to party at our house tonight?\" That's Alice for you; she gets straight to the point. \"You weren't kidding about the whole party thing? I thought you just came up with that to cover for me!\" I screeched, knowing that if I allow Alice to dress me up, she'll go to the extreme. \"Of course I wasn't kidding!\" Alice said outraged,\" It's important for you and Bella to have a normal human experience, and since hanging out with mythical creatures isn't anywhere near normal, you could at least attend a graduation party with some of your friends.\" I stared at her blankly. Emmett chuckled. \"I think we have to dumb it down for our human friend here.\" He turned to me and spoke slowly, sounding out each vowel, \"Hanging out with vampires = not normal, graduation party = normal, and when you add it all up it sums up to you going to the damn party whether you like it or not!\" I glared at him. \"Jeez Em, thanks. That helps so much.\" Please note that I was using sarcasm, and that it's really sad that I have to point that out. \"Great, so you guys can ride home with us and we can start Max's and Bella's beautification process as soon as we get home.\" Rosalie chirped. \"You mean to say I'm not beautiful?\" I put a hand over my heart and feigned being hurt. \"Puh-lease, it's just that you're not…um... girly enough.\" Alice tried. This time Emmett beat me to the punch. \"And what is that supposed to mean?\" he mimicked in a high pitched voice. I shot him a look. \"It just means that Max is too big of a tomboy to actually look girlish. Even her nickname! Why not just stick with Makayla? It's a pretty name… \" Rosalie huffed. I was about to object, but now that I thought about it, she was right: I skateboard, I play baseball, I play football, and I hate dresses and skirts with a passion. Plus the closet I've come to putting on makeup, was when I was asleep and Emmet smeared some lipstick on my face. \"Eh, you have a point.\" I admitted. \"Great, let's go so we can get there on time, you know, before Esme begins to cook.\" Jasper started dragging us down the hall. \"Wait, what about my bike? I can't leave my baby out there to fend for herself! Someone can ruin the paintjob or run her over! I can not leave that beauty out there!\" I stomped my foot like a three year old, then started tugging my arm back. But because Jasper is so dang stubborn, not to mention insanely strong, he just hung on tighter. \"Your motorcycle is already at our house. Jeez, your almost worst than Emmett. All you two talk about is 'car this, car that. Oh did you see that knew car model? It's the bomb.\" Bella snickered. \"The bomb? Please tell me you don't actually say that.\" She asked, giving me an incredulous look. \"Of course not!\" I shrieked, \" Just because I like Rock from the 80's doesn't I talk like I was from that time period!\" Alice glared at me. \"Hey! I used to talk like that, so shut up!\" She stomped ahead, but the effect was dampened because of her petite body. I chuckled. \"Now let's go before Jasper pulls my arm out of its socket.\" Jasper gave me a sweet Southern smile, and we got in the silver Volvo, heading towards my torture.[Chapter 3] \"Don't tell me you're leaving already?\" Alice whined, clinging onto my arm like an annoying piece of lint. \"Would you like some cheese with that whine?\" I chuckled at the corny joke, \"Alice, yes, I'm going, so buh-bye!\" I tried pulling my arm away, put she just hung on tighter. \"But Maaaaax!\" She pouted and stomped her foot. I stopped, looked at her, then her foot, and laughed. \"Please tell me you did not just stomp your foot! Only spoiled girls do that! On second thought...\" I trailed off. She let go of my arm outraged. I smiled at her innocently; knowing very well that she figured out it was just part of my plan. I saluted to them, and ran out of the house. Grinning like the idiot I am, I hopped onto my bike. Call me a geek, but I'm obsessed with motorcycles and cars. And right now, I was riding the love of my life. An 883 Sportster hugger Harley-Davidson...yup, this beauty's got it all. I rushed to my house, not even bothering to throw on my helmet. I know, I'm such a rebel. *Insert eye-roll here.* I pulled up to my drive way, only to see a Rabbit pick up back out and drive away. Pushing my kickstand down with my foot, I glanced over my shoulder and caught one last look of the fleeting truck before going inside. \"Hey Char- um, Dad! I'm back!\" I slammed my keys down on the table and sauntered over to the living room, where I saw Charlie sprawled out on the couch. \"Hey, move over,\" I lightly pushed his legs off to make enough room for me to sit down, \"Who'd just pulled out of the driveway?\" \"Oh, that was just Billy and Jake; remember them? You met once when you were 12.\" He tore his eyes away from the football game long enough to give me a stern look, \"Where were you anyway? Where's Bella?\" I shrugged and swiped some chips from the bowl in Charlie's arms, \"Cullen's,\" I said through a mouthful of salt and vinegar crisps. He mumbled something and pulled the bowl closer to his chest. \"You kids spend too much time with those people. Especially Bella. It isn't healthy.\" I snorted and wiped some imaginary tears away, \"Yeah, unhealthy. You make it sound like we're gonna develop cancer from hanging out with our friends.\" He shot me a somber look and sighed. \"I'm not saying that; it's just that those kids are real strange. They don't even look like teenagers. I just wish you'd stay cut back on visiting them. They're starting to mess with your mind.\" I rolled my eyes. \"Whatever you say, Pops. Now can we just watch the game? Huskies are up by ten.\" Charlie chuckled and sat up. \"And this is why you're my favorite son.\" He ruffled my hair, and I swatted his hand away. \"Har Har. You're so funny, Dad . May I remind you that you're no longer a teenager, so you have no permission, what so ever, to say anything remotely funny or sarcastic.\" I shot him a smug smile. His response was to grumble and steal the last of the chips. I automatically reached over him to snag some of the snacks, but my hand was met by an empty bowl. I grabbed the bowl, and with one final glare, I walked to the kitchen in search of more of the greasy goodness. With a satisfactory smirk, I lounged for the bag on the counter, and emptied its contents into the awaiting bowl. Don't I sound so smarticle today? I grabbed the bowl and started to head back to the couch. Just then, a searing pain coursed through my body. With a yelp, I doubled over, spilling the chips every where. The last thing I remember hearing was Charlie yelling my name just before my world went black. \"Max!\" I struggled to open my eyes when I felt someone gently touch my shoulder. \"Max, wake up.\" The hand rested on my arm again, but this time it felt hot. I winced, but slowly realized that it wasn't burning me. It felt...nice, almost. \"Come on, Max; open your eyes.\" I obeyed and reluctantly parted my eyelids. I was met by the glare of the sun, but after a few minutes of squinting, my eyes adjusted to the light. I sat up and looked around. I was in a clearing. In the middle of the woods. Alone. Well, kind of. A peaceful breeze rippled through the trees. The grass I was laying on was a luscious green, and as soft a kitten's fur. I once again felt the heat on my arm and turned my gaze to it. It was a tan hand. I followed the hand up to a bronzed arm, and from the arm, to the neck. I paused, my stare lingering on his throat, too frightened to look at his face. \"Max. Please. Look at me.\" He cupped my chin lightly with his sturdy hand, and brought my face up. Brown. Dark brown eyes was what I was met with. I stared into them, feeling myself drown in their chocolaty appearance. They say the eyes are the windows to a soul, and his were wide open. Cheesy, huh? He brought one hand up and brushed some hair out of my face, ever so gently. I cringed at his touch, and tried to back away, but he put that same exact hand behind my head to prevent me to. He stared at me, taking in my appearance, from my small chin, to my hazel eyes. When his eyes met mine once again, I felt as if all the air was sucked out of me. His eyes held so much love and compassion yet at the same time a look of lust and need. He leaned in and kissed me, just a bare brush of his lips at first. I closed my eyes involuntarily, and savored the fleeting taste of his lips on mine. Then his lips crashed upon mine, and he kissed me strongly and hungrily, as if I might disappear at any second. I whimpered as he pulled back, and opened my eyes, once again falling into the hypnotic spell of his. \"Remember Max; I love you. And I always will. No matter what. I'll love you 'til the day I die, and will continue to do so even after.\" He pecked me softly on the lips, then disappeared, fading into the thin air. I felt a tear role down my cheek. It felt as if my heart was just torn in two by a man I didn't even know.[Chapter 4] I woke up in what I guess you could call a cold sweat, except for the fact that I was burning hot. It felt as if my entire body was aflame, and like I was bitten by a thousand fire ants. I saw Bella's sleeping figure on the bed across the room, and Charlie's form on the ground in between the two beds. I felt the need to say something, but my throat was so dry. Spying a glass of refreshing water on the nightstand next to my bed, I struggled to raise my arm to reach it. I downed the entire glass within five gulps, and instantly craved more. After ten minutes of trying to get up, I gave back and laid down in my pool of sweat. Yeah, I know. Ew . I tried to go back to sleep, but every time I closed my eyes, the image of that boy danced behind my eyelids. Who was he? In my dream, I felt as if I've known him forever. When he sat next to me, I felt peaceful. When he touched me, I felt safe. And when he kissed me, I felt an emotion beyond the largest form of love. How is it possible to feel all that for a guy I haven't even met? Last time I checked, it wasn't normal to love a complete stranger. With a sigh, I surrendered into the sleepiness that crept up on me. \"Is she better?\" \"Does she look better?\" I groaned and rolled over, smacking my arm against something hard. \"Ow,\" I mumbled, slowly separating my eyelids. I was met by Emmett's somber face. He chuckled. \"If anyone should be saying 'ow', it should be me . If I recall, you weren't the one hit across the face...but you sure look like you were.\" I grumbled and tried to sit up, but failed miserably. Em slipped his arm around my waist and hoisted me up so my back was resting against the bed post. \"Wow, thanks Em. You sure do know how to make a girl feel beautiful.\" Note the sarcasm. He brushed some hair out of my face and held my gaze. \"You are beautiful, Max.\" We stared at each other, all the while butterflies were in a frenzy in my stomach. \"Erhem. Sorry, I don't mean to be interrupting, but I'd like to make sure my step-sister isn't dying from a deadly disease, because if she is, then Charlie's going to kill me.\" Bella shimmied up to the bed and pushed Emmett over to make enough room for her to sit on the bed. \"You're so caring, Bells. Don't strain yourself from trying to help me.\" I rolled my eyes. \"I try. So, how'd you feel? 'Cause honestly, you look like death.\" \"I'm fine,\" I replied curtly. I don't know if it's just me, but being told I look like hell doesn't really boost my self esteem. \"Uh huh, sure. Being out cold for a week sure is fine,\" Em's voice dripped with sarcasm but was laced with concern. He held my gaze for a minute before I looked away and blushed. Whatever happened earlier freaked me out. It's not possible that I'm falling for my best friend, right? \"Really. I'm fine. There's nothing wrong wit- did you say out cold for a week? \" I glanced incredulously at Bella, waiting for her to tell me that he was kidding. \"Yeah. You were sleeping for an entire week. We called a doctor and he said you had an intense flu. He said you should wake up the next day, but you never did. You really scared us.\" Bella sniffled and didn't meet my gaze. I swallowed. There was a possibility that I wouldn't wake up. I clutched the sheet until my knuckles turned white. \"Bella, could you give us a minute? It looks like she's freaking out.\" Bella nodded and stepped out, silent tears streaming steadily down her cheeks. Em and I sat there in silence for a while, me hyperventilating and him watching me closely. \"Come here,\" He mumbled, pulling me towards him. I clutched his shirt and quietly cried. He hulled me onto his lap, never breaking our embrace, and softly rocked us back and forth, all the while muttering soothing words. \"It's ok, Max. You're fine. There's no reason to cr- It's your family, isn't it?\" When I didn't respond, he sighed and continued to stroke my hair. I cried harder when he mentioned my family. My parents, siblings, and grandparents all died in a building collapse when I was just ten. The thought of ending up like them, a cold, dead corpse buried under layers of dirt, really freaked me out. I shook and sobbed for a good fifteen minutes. My bawling finally settled down into little hiccups, and I remained on Em's lap. \"You ok?\" I nodded and snuggled closer to him, still slightly frightened. He rubbed my lower back comfortingly. \"I'm sorry you had to see me...break down like that. It's just it's so hard to think about it sometimes-\" He cut me off. \"Sh, it's not your fault, ok? We've been over this. The building collapsed due to its weak structure, not because of your 'bad karma.'\" He paused to push some hair out of my face, \"Believe me, Max. Someone as beautiful, nice, caring, sweet...\" He trailed off, leaning in closer with every word he said. \"Just tell me when stop,\" He breathed, gently cupping my face with his cold hands. I lifted my chin, my lips already parted involuntarily to meet his. At first the kiss was slow, gentle, pleasant. We broke away for a second, but then, with a growl, he lounged back in. He kissed me roughly, pushing me up against the headboard and getting on top of me. I straddled his waist with my legs and kissed back just as feverishly, trying to keep up with his inhumane speed. He fiddled with the hem of my sweatshirt, and impatiently yanked it off, leaving me in only my tank top. I huffed into the kiss, disappointed that he was taking control, and broke the kiss for a second to tear his shirt off. He grinned, never taking his lips away from mine. My back started to feel sore from being pushed up against the hard wood headboard, so with all my strength, I flipped us so I was on top. He looked stunned for a second, but then just pulled me closer. \"You always liked being the one to lead,\" He mumbled in between kisses. He pulled away and attacked my neck, leaving a trail of fluttery kisses where ever he touched me. His hands roamed my curves as his lips made their way down to my midriff, then back up to my neck. I rolled my eyes, and decided to tease him a bit. I pushed down a bit so I could reach his neck. I bit, licked, and kissed his entire neck until I found his sweet spot. I was on the brink of giving up. I gave one last final attempt, and kissed the tender spot right under his ear, and stopped, shocked, when I heard him moan. I pulled back and smirked at him. \"Oh shit,\" He murmured. I leaned back in and kissed his sweet spot, almost laughing as I heard him suppress some moans. \"C'mon. Don't hold your moans back. They just turn me on,\" I whispered seductively into his ear. I licked the spot under his ear again and smiled as I heard him growl. \"Bitch. I swear, you're going to be the death of me,\" He said through gritted teeth. He clutched the sheets as I lowered myself a bit more to get a better view of his face. \"You say that like it's a bad thing,\" I purred playing with the zipper of his pants. He hissed and jerked upwards, holding the sheets tighter. His hands shot out and pulled me up to him. \"Max. I. Want. You. So. Badly.\" He moaned and pulled me even closer to him. I smirked at him. \"To bad. You'll just have to wait.\" And with that I jumped up and sauntered out of the room, adding an extra swing to my hips. \" Max! \" I laughed as I heard Emmett yell my name, and ran out of the house and hopped onto my bike. Who would have thought I just had a heavy make out session with my best friend?[Chapter 5] Much to my disappointment, I didn't get very far. What I was planning to be my big escape ended up being a complete fail. I was about two feet away from the drive way when a searing white hot pain erupted through my body. I doubled over with a yelp. My motorcycle keeled over, with me still on it. I hit the road with a harsh crack, but it was nothing compared to the pain coursing through my body. It felt as if my bones were breaking. I swear I could hear them cracking. My skin was spread tight over my now expanding bones. I cried out in pain, trying to clutch my head to try to prevent it from exploding. I heard a distant voice yelling my name. I tried to conjure a response, but I could only manage a stifled scream of pure agony. I shivered violently, which is ironic considering that my temperature probably read over 200. My shivers soon subdued, as did the feeling of my bones being torn apart. I shook my head and struggled to get up, but get this; I was standing on four legs...and I had fur . ~~Jacob's POV~~ I slapped Quil's hand away and brought the plate closer to my chest. \"Aw! Come on, man! One taco! Just one ! I'm starved! Please!\" His eyes kept darting to the platter full of tacos that I held protectively. I stuck my tongue out at him and the others, and just smirked, satisfied, as I heard them continue to whine. I heard the screen door slam open and turned my head expectantly towards Sam, who now stood in a huff in the doorway. \"We got some fresh meat, guys. New pup from Forks just shifted today. Jacob, Seth, follow me. I'm going to be needing help on this one.\" With that he stalked out of the house, without so much as a glance behind to see if we were following. I mean, he was the alpha...what else was to be expected? I stood up and randomly handed someone my plate, which was still entirely full which delicious Mexican food, and jogged after Sam, with Seth close on my heels. \"Sam,\" I called as soon as we caught up with him, \" What's the deal? A new wolf? But how? Even if you didn't tell us someone was showing signs of shifting, we would have felt it through your thoughts.\" Sam sighed and swiped his hand swiftly through his buzz cut. \"I was just thinking the same, Jake. It was last minute, literally. Even I didn't know of it. But, there's a catch; you're not going to like it.\" My throat dried up as panic filled my body. 'Please, PLEASE don't let it be Bella.' I sped up, hoping to get to our designation faster. But as I thought about it, my thoughts seemed to shift; if it was Bella, then that would give us more of a chance to be together. If she became a werewolf, then that blood sucker wouldn't be able to stand her, and he'd dump her. And I'd be there for her. We would share thoughts, become one, even imprint on each other; a double imprint. I ran even faster, but this time out of eagerness. But the sight before me wasn't one that I expected; much less wanted. ~~Max's POV~~ Not long after my discovery, I ran into the woods, ashamed and frightened. What the hell am I? Last time I checked, turning into a six foot tall wolf wasn't exactly normal . I paced along the woods, thinking about the, erhm, situation I was in. It wasn't long after that I heard some commotion going on towards the entrance of the woods. Curious, I jogged over to the side of the road, slightly crinkling my nose at the sickly sweet smell hanging in the air. I tilted my head in utter confusion at the sight before me: Emmett was crouched, poised as if he was going to attack. Now imagine that, then add threehuge men standing in front of him, with one of them shaking in what seemed to be pure rage. \"I swear, you mutts, if you don't leave right now, I'll rip your heads off!\" Em lounged at them but I quickly put myself between him and the strangers. He collided into me with a sickening thud. I yelped, then quickly stepped away from him. He smelled like he was dipped in a vat of over poweringly sweet vanilla. The smell overwhelmed my senses, leaving me a bit dazed. \"I suppose this is the pup? He's kinda small...\" The younger looking one of the men scrutinized me. I growled at him. The older man chuckled slightly. \"Ignore Seth. He can barely tell the difference from a grape to an orange, much less the gender of a wolf. Listen up, we'll explain everything to you, but first we need you to phase back; do you think you could do that?\" I rolled my eyes to my best extent and glared at him. \"Sam, it might help if you explain how to do so.\" Why did this guy seem so familiar? I feel like I should recognize his face... \"Ok, just think calming thoughts; breathe in deeply, then exhale slowly- wait! Go behind the bushes! Aw crap, Jake toss her your shirt.\" I managed to make a mad dash towards the bushes before I completely phased back to my human form, correction, my naked human form. A black shirt came my way and I quickly pulled it on. I sighed when I saw that it went down to my mid-thigh. I stepped out from the cover of the leaves and walked right up to the men. I peered at them and poked the youngest one in the arm. \"Um...if you're wondering if we're real, we are. And your poking is kinda hurting...\" He trailed off and laughed at my sheepish face. The guy who I presumed was Jake flicked him in the ear and turned towards me. \"Hey, I'm Jacob Black...do I know you from somewhere?\" I tilted my head slightly to the right, a habit of mine when I'm thinking, then broke out into a huge smile. \"Oh my God! Jake! I haven't seen you in years!\" I jumped and hugged him. He seemed startled at fist but then comprehension dawned on his face. \"Max? You're kidding! Maxy! I've missed you!\" He picked me up and twirled me around. \"You know him?\" Emmett leered. Oh...I forgot he was here. I started to take a step towards him but I instantly stopped. I can't stand that sweet scent. \"Yeah, sure I do. We met when I was about 12, plus, he's obsessed with my sister.\" I poked Jake's stomach and smirked at him. He flicked my head. Pretty soon, we were wrestling on the ground, with me pinning him down. I was just about to make a joke about how he was getting beat by a girl when Em spoke up. \"You never told me you were friends with the flea bags.\" He sneered at the guys while the others glared at him. Jake slowly stood up and stealthily hid me behind him, like he was protecting me from Emmett. I peeped my head around Jake's back and looked on at the fight that was surely going to unravel. \"Look, we're not here to start a fight. We're just here to recruit the girl then we'll be off your land.\" Sam, who I guessed was the leader, stepped forward. \" Over my dead body! \" Emmett growled, ready for attack. \"That could be easily arranged,\" Jake spat right back. Before I could intervene, he attacked, and all hell broke lose. ","Summary":" \"Bells, hurry up! We're going to be late to school! And it's the last day! Hurry uuupppp!\" I poun"}]