[{"Movie":"Monte Carlo, 2011","Title":"Between Two Worlds","Author":"kittykat1357911","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9862817","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Between Two Worlds By Destiny Faltemier Chapter 1 Some teenagers lose one parent it's not common when you lose both. I did. Two weeks ago I lost my parent in a car accident. Now I'm moving tonight all the way to France where my grandmother lives. Usually when choosing a place to live most people like me don't choose France. I was already packed. Most of my things are probably already there. I just had a few thinks to take. My friend Lexi helped me finish packing. I'm nervous as ever. I'm gonna miss California. Lexi put the rest of the things in the trunk. We drove to the airport. I hugged her goodbye after getting all my things inside. I waited for half an hour for the plane to get here. It was time for the then hour ride. I slept most of the way; I was on Facebook with Lexi talking about things we'd usually talk about. As the plane was getting closer to ground I could see the lights of the town I was landing in. It felt like forever getting off the plane, but when I got out I saw my grandmother waiting for me. I hugged her. \"Hello dear.\" \"Hi grandma.\" \"How was your flight?\" \"Long.\" We grabbed my things and walked out. It was night fall already. I got into the car. Five minutes of being in the car, we finally go to the house it was a fairly big house. A boy was standing on the porch. \"Grandma who's that guy?\" \"Luke Belington, his dad passed away and his mom left when he was six, he is in the same grade as you.\" \"Does he live you?\" \"Yes, yes he does.\" I looked back at him. He was very handsome, with short black hair. We got out of the car. My hands were filled with stuff. \"May I help take some for you?\" \"Oh, yeah thanks?\" I said giving him some. \"I'm Luke.\" \"I'm Katie, nice to meet you.\" I said shaking his hand. \"You too.\" He said smiling. He looked at with his bright blue eyes. ","Summary":" Between Two Worlds By Destiny Faltemier Chapter 1 Some teenagers lose one parent it's not common wh"},{"Movie":"Monte Carlo, 2011","Title":"To New Beginnings and Different Endings","Author":"Shamelessly Radiant","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12348677","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Grace Grace admits- only to herself- that she may have had ulterior motives for volunteering with the Marchand Family foundation. It isn't that the things she told her mom and Rob- her dad (that's going to take some getting used to) aren't true, because they are. Her need to find herself, without restrictions, without anyone knowing her is definitely not a lie. Her need to feel like she can leave a mark on this world, even without being someone special, just as an ordinary Texas girl, plays a big part. As Ghandi once said: 'you must be the change you want to see in the world', and she comes back from Monte Carlo feeling lost, feeling bereft of something she never truly had. Just seeing all those people, with their money and decadent live style, throwing money around like used tissues; people able to be that change, but unwilling. She wore someone else's skin for a week, someone else's clothes, shoes and jewellery, and wondered at the kind of person Cordelia was. (She did not like the answer) A spoiled, stuck up brat who believes the whole world turns around her, and whom cares nothing about others except how she can use them for her own gain. But then, Grace spent the week lying, stole a flight, pretended to be someone else. Cordelia's skin was a misfit, but the way Theo looked at her in it made it feel real. And then, of course, he found out. In the end, Paris was a way to prove herself (to herself), to shake of high school and all its awkward glory, to find out if she could be someone worthy, someone confident, someone beautiful. She wore the skin of a girl considered all of the above and didn't particularly like it, but did want it. Realised, that she too had the means to make a mark on the world, if only by taking a chance. She couldn't give millions of dollars or Euros or whatever, so she would give herself. Besides, she doesn't feel ready for college at all. And fine, she also doesn't have the money, or the energy to start looking for it. She tells her parents about the project she happened to discover in Paris, since she never told them about Monte Carlo. Emma would have, but she was too busy celebrating her engagement with Owen and Meg was off touring the world with Riley- she had definitely not seen that one coming, but she is happy for them. Happy for Emma Perkins, who deserves the world and is starting to see it (though Grace is sure Emma would say the same thing about her) and happy for... her sister, and that will take some getting used to too, but she likes it, in a strange way that grows on her. Grace figures it is her time now, and signs up to help build schools in Romania, without much second thought. And it is only when she lies in bed at night that she allows herself to think of her ulterior motives at all, allows her brain to fantasise about them- or about the person they come down to: Theo. She isn't naive, or so she would like to think, and she isn't doing this for the wrong reasons either. She genuinely wants to help those kids, wants to be a part in their search for a brighter future. It is only in her wildest dreams that she pictures the possibility of running into Theo, as unlikely as she knows it is. He told her (or Cordelia) himself: he has never been to those schools. Mostly she just thinks that he will see her on a picture maybe, and spare a second to think about the girl that made him think it was okay to feel differently. She catches the first possible flight to Romania, doesn't bemoan the fact that she has to fly commercial too much, and mostly sleeps through the flight. At the airport she is greeted by a sweet man with a heavy accent who introduces himself as Florin and insists on carrying her bags. In the car, he makes her laugh with his tales about the kids, and warns her for a menace called Cami. He has paint on his knuckles, and stops in the middle of the road to take in a stray dog; telling her that the school adopts those, too. Grace barely gets the time to put down her (one) bag in her tiny bedroom before she is ushered downstairs, to meet the kids, to start painting, to water the plant, to run errands. She is so busy she can barely catch her breath, and as time goes on she feels something change. The need to be someone special, the search for validation becomes less. She sees the stars in the kids' eyes, the way they tug at her sleeves, the way her bedroom walls become a giant collage of children drawings, and the plant in the corner starts blooming. She sees the walls take shape behind her brush, sees Florin pick the children up and throw their little frames into the air, introducing them to a kind of flying so much more magical than private jets with warm nuts. The man always has paint on his knuckles, and she sees why the third week she's there: every time a child is sad he pretends to fall into a freshly painted wall, hands in fists to not damage it too much and then paints the children's faces with his coloured knuckles. The dogs always barge into the bedrooms at night, randomly choosing someone to accompany through the night, and Grace has barely a thought to spare, trying to wrestle for the pillow with Blackie, or Socks, or one of the other five dogs that walk their halls. (She prefers those to the white cat, however, Felina always ends up claiming the whole bed.) Cami steals the paint brush and hides behind apple saplings and carrot seedlings, but she is the sweetest girl in the world. Once, she catches Grace crying, missing home a bit, missing Monte Carlo too and goes to get Felina and Socks, leaves them to fight over her lap as she makes Grace some lemonade. \"It's a secret,\" she giggles, as Grace asks the recipe but then stands on tiptoes to whisper in her ear: \"My mummy always says: add sugar for lemonade, and a drop of honey to make sunshine.\" Grace soon figures out that Alma is the life of the organization, the one that never sleeps, pouring over finances and report cards, buying paint and light bulbs, and so she makes it a habit to bring the woman tea at night, but only when Grace is the only one that can't sleep- many nights there are two cocoa mugs on the woman's desk, and a boy or girl nodding off on the bench. They always wake up in their own beds the next morning, with a sweet on the night stand. The Romanian sun has healing powers, and Grace basks in its rays. It's exactly three months after she arrived, and one month after she resolved to learn whatever lesson Monte Carlo was meant to be, and to stop dwelling about what could have been that a whistling sound stops her in her tracks, almost makes her crash her bike into a car. And it is him, Theo, and it is only when she sees him that she realises she has managed to leave Cordelia's skin completely behind, crawl back into her own, her body creating new cells with her DNA to say goodbye. She is ready to start over. She is ready to be herself, just as she is; no one special, an ordinary girl from Texas, but one that can make even the shyest boy smile, get a secret recipe from a girl, and put stars in children's eyes. \"Theo. What are you doing here?\" \"I'm working. What are you doing here?\" \"I'm volunteering.\" She sees the wonder on his face, the easy going smile she missed so much, and thinks perhaps not all is lost. She is ready to start over, maybe he is too. \"I don't think that we've properly met. I'm Grace Bennett.\" The tightening of her cheek muscles and the pull at the corner of her eyes clue her in to the fact that she can't stop smiling. He takes her hand, a bit hesitantly, but then wraps secure fingers around it and holds it as if he is never going to let go: \"Theo Marchand.\" His hand in hers feels like a promise of more to come, and his scent wraps around her; pulling her in, the breeze tickling their hair, hinting at possibilities. And Grace thinks that now, she is the one with stars in her eyes, and perhaps he put them there, or perhaps they have been there all along. Theo It takes Theo three weeks to stop wallowing and suck up his pride enough to ask his father for the girl's name. He has always been too curious for his sake, anyways. Why change that now? Bernard Marchand gives his son an enigmatic smile but has the good grace to not comment on it. And about that... \"Grace\" \"Grace?\" \"Yes, Grace Bennett I believe she said. She also asked me to tell you that you were right. She is different.\" \"And you tell me this now, papa?\" \"I did not think you'd care to hear this three weeks ago, Theo,\" he says, placing his hand on his son's shoulders. \"She lied to me- to us.\" \"Oui,\" his father says simply. \"She pretended to be someone she was not.\" \"Oui.\" He kind of pauses, because that's mostly it, and well, it is not so impressive out loud as it was in his head. \"May I remind you that she also went to great lengths trying- and succeeded- to stop Cordelia and save the auction, that she did everything possible to meet expectations, and that she raised more money than I could have possibly hoped for?\" \"But that was Alicia!\" he argues. \"Peut-être,\" his father shrugs, \"but Alicia is a dear old friend, and I've never seen her do something like this. She took a fierce liking to Grace. Told me she wished Cordelia was more like her. Now tell me, son... would you have been happier had it been Cordelia from the beginning?\" \"No.\" Theo's shoulders slump, affirming the truth in his words. \"Ah voila, there you go then. I am not going to defend her actions, and I think Grace would not approve if I did, but I do believe she was wrong when she said she was no one special. She inspired Alicia, and me, and might I venture- you.\" \"I want to go to the schools, papa.\" Theo says, nodding firmly. \"I want to start doing something real.\" His father simply smiles. Theo did not lie to Grace, not one second, except maybe when he walked away from her. Walked back to his fancy, expensive car, took the key from the valet and drove away, to his luxurious home with its pool and its stables and its sprawling gardens, and felt-again-as if he was faking his way through before he decided to not let himself feel anything at all and grabbed a bottle and his phone to invite some friends. Now, he thinks it is time to suit action to his words, to find something meaningful to do, to make a change. He goes to Africa first, inspects buildings, safety and the health of the food. He talks finances, dormitories and investments. He interviews teachers and sometimes helps paint. He visits all the projects, or tries to, and stays at least a week, listens to concerns and needs, and writes up a report each night, including the children's requests. He ends up in Rajasthan, where he stays a month, and spends it falling in love with teaching and sleeping on a cot. It is not what he is used to at all, mattresses hard and pillows too soft, food simple and only one course, but it is everything he needs. He has never felt more real. Perhaps, he is ready to forgive Grace, or better yet, ready to thank her. Without her, this change would have never happened, and he would still be in Monte Carlo, feeling as if everything was a twisted fairy tale, not significant, not real. She was different, and she still makes him feel different, and he wonders if his father kept track of her, knows where she is. (It turns out, much later, that yes , his father kept track of her, unbeknownst to the both of them and let fate play out the way he wanted it to.) The moment he sees the girl on the bike, he knows it is her, and there is nothing more important than not losing her again. Theo has spent three months only allowing himself to think about Grace Bennett sporadically, pretending she did not affect him as much as she had, and practising whistling every night. These things are not related to each other, but yes, of course they are. They meet in the middle of the street, children looking at them through the window, and she smiles more beautifully than Cordelia ever could. \"Theo. What are you doing here?\" \"I'm working. What are you doing here?\" \"I'm volunteering.\" And it fits; it fits so perfectly, just as the children, and Alma and Florin, just as the black dog with white feet that is wagging its tail behind her, and the white cat lying in the sunshine. It is as a puzzle, the pieces falling into place, because this is the place they were meant to meet again, both of them acting out of a desire to not let the Monte Carlo experience go to waste, to stop faking their way through life. (and yes, he suspects Bernard Marchand might have engineered this, but he is only more grateful for it) \"I don't think that we've properly met,\" she says, holding out her hand, \"I'm Grace Bennett.\" He takes her hand, a bit hesitantly, but then wraps his fingers tightly around it and holds it without meaning to let go again: \"Theo Marchand.\" Her hand in his feels like a promise of more to come, and her eyes are brilliant, beautiful, inviting him closer. The breeze tickles their hair, hinting at all the possibilities they are about to see. And Theo thinks that he feels different again, or perhaps he never stopped feeling different since he met her, since she barged into his life and changed the way he saw everything, rearranged and put it all in perspective and gave him something to hold on to. A/N: Reviews make a writer's day. ","Summary":" Grace Grace admits- only to herself- that she may have had ulterior motives for volunteering with t"},{"Movie":"Monte Carlo, 2011","Title":"Monte Carlo","Author":"XSammyJaneStinsonX","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8026553","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A new Begging I walked out into the winter midnight, It was snowing as the snow fell out of the sky it hit the pavement making it sparkle. I'm grace you remember me from when we went to Monte Carlo and pretended to be Cordelia, my life has been good since then, I have gotten on with my live I work in a nursery helping children and raising money for there health. I live with Meg and her boyfriend now Theo never came back I saw him that one day and then when he found out I was just a normal girl he went off and went back to his life with his dad. Our dad and Mum had passed away so we have nobody now. Emma is engaged to Owen and they are getting married in the summer which will be pretty soon, They live next door to us so that is pretty good. As I said I live with Meg and her boyfriend Meg and I are really close now and we do loads of things together like a normal sister's do. I think we became close after the trip to Monte Carlo but when our parents died that brought us closer to each other. As I was walking down the snowy pavements I spotted some people new people moving into a house next door to us. Their was a young boy and he turned and smiled, I nodded my head and I went into my house, I wiped my feet has Meg came around the conner, she scared the living day lights out of me. \"You know Meg, you shouldn't really do that, Make people jump like that I could have been a little old women and now I could have had an heart attack\" I said grinning. Meg Rolled her eyes. \"Yeah, yeah Grace, Look come inside.. you need to look on the news...\" She said pulling me inside. I sat down on the sofa and my eyes widen. \"oh god! She back! Cordelia!\" I screamed and hit my head. \"Listen why don't we go to the new York where she is at and teach her a lesson, that she can't get away with Cancelling things that our important...\" Meg said which made my eyes widen. \"Have you completely lost you're mind, I can't go back there she hates me and remember what happened I was in the last time the same place... people thought I was her and I never stopped it...you tried to stop us...we can't go down that road again... this couldn't be happening...we can't go and see that girl. \"Grace...I know you're sister can be a bit you know forceful but this could be the chance to make everything right, become friends with her...\" Riley said. I didn't believe we was doing this...great this was going to turn out...insane. ","Summary":" A new Begging I walked out into the winter midnight, It was snowing as the snow fell out of the sky"},{"Movie":"Monte Carlo, 2011","Title":"Under the Romanian Sun","Author":"s0urskittles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7589144","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Another head aches, another heart breaks; I am so much older than I can take. And my affection, well it comes and goes I need direction to perfection, – All These Things That I've Done; The Killers { monte carlo } It was hard not to miss her. Everywhere he turned, he found her. He found her in the horses he would ride; he found her in his car; he found her in every meeting he went to talk about the building of the schools. He found her even when he was just sitting by himself, in a room she'd never been in, in a place he'd never shown her, doing things she'd never even known about. Whatever he was doing, wherever he was, he found her. And when he found her, he missed her so much it hurt. Buzz. Buzz. He looked down at his phone, the feeling a vibration against his leg snapping him from his thoughts. He looked around his hotel room. It was one a couple blocks down from Hotel de Paris, where Cordelia (and Grace – the name he could use because he now knew it) had been staying. Had it on been a week since he found out who she really was? It felt like a whole year. He already missed her. Sure, he still hurt, but he had forgiven her the second she told him that it hadn't been a lie. He was just being stubborn about it. It was a message from his father, something about another charity event Theo was required to attend. He let out a frustrated sigh and scrolled through their conversations until he stopped at the message he had been subconsciously looking for. It had been from the fifth of July, and Theo, for some reason, had kept it. 1 New Message: Father Theo – Grace is on her way to the airport now with her friends. She says goodbye and she wants me to tell you that you were right. She is different. Not that you needed me to tell you that. – Dad Theo shut his phone with a satisfying snap and threw it on the bed next to him, not bothering with a reply to the first message. His father had sent that message four days ago, but he had refused to answer it. So that was it then. She was probably back in the States where she belonged and he was here, in Paris, hurt and confused and alone. Would he ever see her again? He guessed not. Why did it matter, anyway? He was supposed to be mad at her. He was supposed to be glad that liar was out of his life. He hated liars almost as he hated selfish people. He sighed and fell back against his bed. He could feel a headache coming on. He often got them whenever he was stressed or worried about something. Why couldn't he get Grace off of his brain? This had never happened to him before, whatever 'this' was. He had never felt this way before. He had not been lying when he told her that she made him feel different, in a good way. Nothing had seemed fake about her when he had told her that. Now, everything was fake. She wasn't the person he had thought she was. She was just some normal American who wanted to live in the fast life for a week. That's all. But if that was the case, why couldn't he keep his mind off her? It seemed that whenever he tried not to think about her, he ended up thinking about her anyway. He often thought about the night they sat on the bridge and watched the fireworks. He would play La vie en rose in his head and close his eyes. He could still see the look on her face; the way the lights made her eyes sparkle; the way her lips curved up into an enchanting smile. And then, without meaning to, he would wonder if she was thinking about him, too. In those moments he would picture her sitting at home with her two friends, or perhaps out somewhere, laughing about how they fooled everyone with their prank. Sometimes he would even picture her talking with some other guy, her smile lighting up her face like it used to do with him, and in those moments he would feel a pang in his heart and shake his head, as if forcing the thoughts out of his own head. He sighed and sat back up, angrily brushing a hand through his tangled curls. He needed to get over this, over her. Theo didn't believe that he could fall in love with someone over the course of a week, but he could very well see himself falling in love with Grace, had they gotten to know each other more. He knew he really liked her. Not that it mattered now, of course. Not when she was headed back to America and he was due in Romania in a month. That thought made him smile. After weeks and weeks of begging his father – more heavily so this past week – he was finally going to do something. He would be working with the schools over there, over-seeing them as they're being built. It was usually a job for his father but after the auction went off without a hitch – well, besides the whole Grace/Cordelia mishap – he proved to his father that he could do it. And now he was finally getting the chance he wanted. He was going to get the chance to help out those kids as he told Grace he wanted to. Grace. Even when he wasn't thinking of her, he was. To say he was excited for Romania was an understatement. He couldn't wait . Not only would he be able to help out like his father for once, but it would also get his mind off of… Other things. Just four more weeks, he thought to himself. Four more weeks and he would be able to forget all about Grace Bennett and the affect she formally had on him. / Theo slid on his sunglasses, a smile spreading slowly across his face. He slipped his jacket off and folded it on his arm, as it was too hot to wear it. Romania was much hotter than he had expected, and his dress jackets were too much for the unforgiving sun. Romania. He was actually here. He had been for about two weeks now. When his father mentioned the prospects of Theo taking over the work there for his father, Theo jumped at the chance. He had been dreaming of the chance to do just that for months – years, even – and he had been dreaming of getting the chance to leave Monte Carlo for a while. Think of all that he could do there; all the people he would get the chance to help. And now here he was, doing just that. The past fourteen days had been focused sorely on the paperwork and planning and none of it was very exciting. Sure, he was helping with the designs for the school that was going to be made, but he hadn't been anywhere besides the apartment he had been staying at, the office where he and his colleagues worked, and the few (nice) restaurants in the next town over (which was much nicer than the town they were working in, even by Theo's standards). He hadn't even been to the existing school yet. When he asked of it, to check up on the progress, the associate who had been in control of overseeing the school seemed very enthusiastic. The school – though small and otherwise undeveloped – was thriving and the children were more grateful than she could ever have imagined. The volunteers, too, she added, were all very enthusiastic. Mostly American, they were all hard-workers and she would be sad to see them go in the summer when the program was over and the new batch of worker would come in for the fall to winter program. At the word 'American' Theo's mind flashed to a familiar face. He had been doing so well in trying to keep his mind off of her and though she was always there in the back of his mind, he rarely really gave her much thought. He was always so busy and that was fine with him. The less he thought her, the better. His life had been much simpler – better, one might even say – before he had met Cordelia Winthrop-Scott. Or Grace Bennett. Whichever one. Maybe even both. And it was much better now that she was out of it. Much better. Biting back a sigh, he curled his fingers around his jacket a bit more. He was not going to let thoughts of the past ruin this day. Today was the day he was actually going to do something with his life. He was going to begin to make a difference today. Forcing the smile back on his face and his thoughts of Grace into the back of his head, he glanced up at the buildings he was walking beside. Romania was not as he had expected, though originally he didn't know what to expect. He had never been out of France aside from the time he went to Italy after his mother died, simply because he had never seen the need to. What was he to expect? As bad as it sounded, he had almost expected Romania to be more of a third-world country sort-of-thing. He had tried to research Romania to see what it looked like, but all that came up were a bunch of maps. So he had just decided to leave it be until he saw it in person. And Romania was nice, for the most part. He had been shown the nicer parts when he was flown in, obviously – like when they flew into what he assumed was the nicest airport in the country – but now he was walking the streets in a humble town of which he couldn't pronounce the name, and now he was standing in front of the school that had been built, about to go in. Come on, Theo, he thought to himself, just take a step and walk in. What are you so afraid of? He knew what he was afraid of. He was afraid of not being of any use, of disappointing the people he was working with and worse, his father. He was afraid of making a mistake and not living up to the high expectations everyone set for him. And deep down, way at the bottom of his soul, he knew that he afraid because he was about to step into the one place he would be reminded of Grace everyday. He had been miserable during the weeks after she left. He had refused to do anything but work and he had neglected his friends. There had been an internal battle – one side insisting that it was good the liar was gone and out of his life, the other getting up to buy a ticket to next available flight to Texas. Thinking back on it, he couldn't count how many times he had been close to buying his way to see her. Not to apologize, because both sides agreed he had nothing to apologize for, but to just see her, to just hear her voice. Eventually, of course, one side reigned triumphant and he shut his laptop for good. Because he is Bernard Theodore Jacques Marchand the Third and he is too damn proud to look back. And he was going to do this. With that mentality running through his mind, he nodded his head and walked into the building and jogged up the stairs, narrowly missing a brunette American walk into the same building to begin her work for the day by seconds. / \"Superb,\" Theo commented as stood up for the little child who appeared to be painting the alphabet. So far he had liked what he had seen. As he followed the builders upstairs, he marveled at how far along this project had come in such a short time. Years ago, when his father had first told Theo of his idea, it had seemed like just a petty dream. Now, now it was really coming along. It was incredible. Theo was only half-listening as the men in suits talked about how the model was only a 'rough draft' of what was to come. Still, even he, untrained in the eye of an architect, could see that he model was well constructed. It gave him a good idea of what was to come and that's all he needed, so to him it served well. It was in the following moment that everything changed. If he had decided not to take that moment to look out the window, if he had decided to keep his eyes focused on all of the older, much more serious company he was with, his life would be much, much different. But he had turned to look out the dusty, old window, and he had caught sight of the girl that had been in the back of his mind for months. And in that moment of seeing her, of rushing to the other side of the window to conform that it was her, and then rushing down the stairs and out onto the street with a name he could not pronounce, all bitter and annoyed thoughts of her and the past flew from his head. Instead he was liberated of the suffering he had endured by not being able to see her. And when he had whistled – it had taken him two whole days of trying endlessly to perfect it to get it down – and she turned around from surprise, he couldn't stop the wide smile from spreading across his face. She was just so perfect. How could he had been able to be mad at her for so long? Why had he been so stubborn? \"I'm volunteering,\" She said when he asked her what she had been doing there, her smooth voice still laced with surprise. It certainly was a surprise to see her there; that was for sure, but the best kind of surprise possible. And to think that she was volunteering – he had been completely wrong about her, like he knew he would be. With the days following the 'big reveal,' he had tried to convince himself that she had never cared about the children, just the fifteen minutes of fame. Now he could see that she did care about the children, and that was something he secretly knew the whole time. How foolish he had been. They shook hands and smiled at each other, realizing this was the time to start anew. To really work on them; with their real selves. And maybe he was still being stubborn in saying that she wasn't 'real' when they were together in Monte Carlo. Because in the elevator, after the confusion with the robbery, she told him to think of the girl he had showed the fireworks, that that was the real her. And he believed her. So here they were, starting over. He walked with her to the post-office as she explained how she had taken the job in Romania – how college would be starting soon and she wanted to do something with herself before the semester began – and how she was offered a volunteer job working with the kids. Technically it wasn't volunteer work – the money offered was below minimum wage – but Grace didn't really care about the money. It was more about the kids. \"Auctioning off my necklace didn't seem like enough,\" She joked at once point, even throwing on a faux-British accent (which was remarkably similar to a real one, Theo observed), as she took the mail from the worker. Even though her tone had been light, he could see she was uncomfortable with the mentioning of the scandal. He wanted to comfort her and tell her that he wasn't angry, not anymore, but no words came out. She quickly shook it off though and began to talk about how adorable the children were and how well it was all going. Theo wanted to ask her so many things and learn so much about her trip, but judging from the length of the walk there and how short the walk back would be, he made a quick decision in his head and (quite randomly) mentioned how he hadn't been to many restaurants in the area yet. He assumed she saw where he was going with it because she gushed about a little Mediterranean place a few streets over that he just had to try. They set a time and place to meet and he returned to the men in suits, apologizing for the brief delay, feeling better than he had in months. { texas } \"You're where? \" Grace asked in disbelief, her cell phone positioned in between her shoulder and ear. It had been four weeks and two days exactly since she had left Monte Carlo with a half-empty suitcase and fully broken heart. On the other line she could hear giggling and a muffled ' shh! ' before her step-sister decided to put her attention back on the conversation. \"Naples! You know, in Italy?\" \"What happened to Tuscany?\" She couldn't believe that Meg, the girl often referred to as 'Stick Up the Ass' (behind her back, of course), was in Naples with a guy she had met a little less than a month ago (three weeks and five days, to be exact). It was so far-off Meg's used-to-be personality that Grace wondered if she was still talking to the same person. \"Oh, Tuscany got a little… Old,\" Meg said before giggling again, \"And anyway, if Riley and I plan to get through Europe and South America –\" \"Wait, now South America? \" \"– By August,\" Meg finished, ignoring her sister's snarky, unbelieving comment, \"We're going to have to move pretty quickly from place to place. Can't stay in one place for too long or else we'll miss the next one!\" Somewhere in the background Grace heard a grunt and an 'even if that place is amazing and worth the extra stay' and she had to laugh. Even though this New Meg had taken over her Old Meg, Grace's step-sister still managed to keep a tight-schedule while being completely spontaneous. Have you ever heard of anything more contradictory? \"Anyway, I have to go. I'll call you when we get to Austria, okay? Love you, bye.\" And just like that, Meg was gone. Grace shook her head and pressed her hand to her forehead. Conversations with Meg – whether it was the old one or new one – always leave Grace feeling exhausted. She glanced around for any sign of an Advil container, only to realize she must have packed it away with the other medicines. She smiled at the thought of her trip. She was leaving tomorrow to go to Romania, where she would be for the rest of the summer. Romania! How cool was that? While her future classmates would talk of their trips to the Cape or some cruise down to Mexico, she would talk of her trip to Paris and Romania. She stopped packing for a moment as she pictured herself surrounded by classmates at the library, them looking up at her admiringly as she told of her adventures. She would be the center of everyone's attention; their trips unimportant in comparison. Okay, so maybe that was a little far-fetched, but the thought was the first thing to make her smile in a while. She glanced at the time, willing it to go more quickly. In less than twelve hours she would be on her thirteen-hour flight into Romania. She couldn't describe her excitement. It was bubbling up inside her, threatening to burst out if she didn't act quickly. She had hoped that packing would take her mind off it, but clearly it wasn't working like she had hoped. Still, she had started, so she had to finish. It took her until dinnertime to finish packing, at which her mother cried over lasagna and Robert kept mumbling about how 'both his girls, gone, for the whole summer.' She really tried to hold it in, but even Grace had a watery smile at the realization that this would be the last sit-down meal she'd have with her mom in a while. They hugged over the salad and Grace even held Robert's hand as sort of a peace offering before being forced to her room like she had been when she was a child. \"You have to get up early tomorrow and I want you well-rested,\" Her mother told her as she gingerly kissed her little girl's forehead. Grace was about to point out that she was missing the thirteen-hour flight (she was not going to stare out the window the whole time), but decided against it and went up to bed. It was not surprising that when Grace finally laid in her bed – after she had checked and double-checked every last detail of her luggage and flight to save trouble in the morning – that she was thought of Theo. It was something she did every night, without fail. Whether she was tired or not, whether it was for five minutes or an hour, she religiously devoted a part of her day to thoughts of him. And how could she not? She had practically fallen in love – No, not love. She had known him for all of three days. It is impossible to fall in love with someone over the course of three days. She had simply developed a crush on him. Yes, that was all. Nothing more. So why did it feel like so much more? Most of the time it was torturous to think of him. She would go over every last detail of the auction in her head, thinking of how stupid she had been; and how right he was to have left and never looked back; and of how nothing had hurt her more in her life. She had missed him so much, those following weeks. Still did. She just wanted to hear his voice, his laugh, and the way her name seemed to roll effortlessly off his tongue. Or Cordelia's name. Whatever. She yearned to hear his voice. He could speak in English, French, German, Gibberish, even; it didn't matter. Just as long as he was speaking. She was starting to forget what it sounded like – his voice. It was getting lost in her memory. She sighed and curled into her blankets, turning to the side. Though it was almost seventy degrees out, she felt the need to snuggle into the warmth of her bed. She stared at the floor, which was illuminated by the moonlight that poured through her window, and wondered what Theo was doing at that exact moment. Due to the seven-hour time difference, it had to be close to six in the morning. She pictured him sleeping as she was trying to and felt a deep desire to join him. Not to have sex or do anything like that, just to cuddle and be with him. She groaned and turned on her back to the face the wall, pressing her hand to her forehead. After all this time, she still had it bad. Would this ever go away? Would she ever stop thinking of him? She guessed not. / It was around six in the morning two days following Grace's flight that she was up to begin her volunteer work. To be honest, she didn't quite know what to expect. Claudia, the woman in charge of the Romanian school, had shown Grace and a few of her fellow workers a video on what they would be doing. Though it had been helpful to a certain extent, it hadn't served the purpose Grace expected Claudia had hoped it would. It was a good thing Grace had Demetri. Demetri was a local Romanian that had also volunteered with the school. Unlike Grace, he had worked with this program before in Africa, where the first school had been built. Demetri had quickly become a friend of hers. He spoke English, albeit not very well, but well enough that they could have conversations. He had tan skin that looked like a delicious kind of coffee and olive eyes. He was tall (and gorgeous) and extremely nice. They had planned to meet at the school and walk in together, but so far there was no sign of him. Deciding she couldn't wait any longer, Grace decided to just go it. It was more of an apartment building at first, with stairs and many rooms, and she remembered Claudia saying something about it being the first room on the right on the third floor. So that's where Grace went, and that's where she found what she assumed was the school. It was just a room, really. There were tables that served as desks in one area and a big, colorful rug in another area with a few beanbags and some shelves filled with books. There were posters on the surrounding walls and a space for the alphabet to be written on the front wall. \"I'll want you to do that with the kids,\" Claudia instructed at the orientation the previous day, \"So they can get familiar with it.\" All-in-all, it looked like her old preschool classroom. It seemed simple and nice enough. Now it just had to be filled with kids. Grace had always been good with kids, or so people would tell her, and she was familiar with working with them. She was babysitter for about four years (what teenaged girl wasn't?) and she used to tutor fifth-graders in Math. But she had no experience with Romanian children. Though they would be teaching the kids English, if they had a question to ask her in Romanian, she wouldn't be able to help them. That would make her feel awful. Maybe she would ask Demetri to help her learn the language. Smiling to herself, she flipped through the lesson plans on the front of the desk while she waited for the others. They were four other volunteers and Claudia, and one-by-one they came. At seven the children arrived and they would stay until three o'clock. Grace and the others would be required to stay until four to talk of how the day went and how the next day would go, and they, too, were released to do whatever they please. And the next day it would start all over again. It went like this for weeks. Grace fell into a seamless routine; she went to the school, she worked, she went home and freshened up, she read, she went out with Demetri and some of the others, she went home, she slept, and she got up the next morning to begin it all again. It wasn't boring, it was just… Predictable. She and Gabriel often went to Café Algiers, a Mediterranean restaurant a few streets over from the school. Grace had picked it because it reminded her of Meg, who she was strangely missing. She called Emma every night because she knew Emma would always be home, but Meg was harder to reach. She was certainly homesick and thought of her mother and step-father every day. She thought fondly of Carl and the waitressing job she left behind; she thought of Emma and Owen and their charming house with the white picket fence and dimmer lights; she thought of her own, warm bed and her shower. She thought of Theo, too, of course, because old habits are hard to break, but the distraction of the job was enough to keep her mind of him for the most part. And she was thankful for that, because it was time for her to get over him. She needed to move on and accept the fact that she would never see him again. And it wasn't like she was going to see him again, had he never found out about her true identity. Either way, they would have never worked out. She wouldn't be surprised if he had met someone new, either. With a face and personality like his, she doubted he'd stay single for much longer, if he already weren't seeing anyone now. And even though the thought of him helping someone else with their poor Polo skills or showing another girl fireworks was painful, it was good for her. It was time to move on. It was like any other day to Grace. She woke up at five-thirty, took a quick shower, and got to the school around six-fifteen. (She had learned the second day that no one ever really showed up right at six, so there was no point. Grace hated being the first one there in any situation; it brought too much attention to herself.) She and Nadia, one of the girls who attended the school, worked on the alphabet, alternating the colors between pink and purple. She and Demetri took a break to get the kids sandwiches for lunch and discussed what they would do that day after school. And then she went back to work on the alphabet with Nadia until Claudia asked her to run to the post office. Grace had been to the post office before when she first attempted to send a letter to her mother. Unfortunately, the mail had gotten lost somewhere over the Atlantic and it was too expensive to try again, so she stuck to sending e-mails on the one computer they had at the school. She knew the way well because, like everything in the small town they were located in, everything was within walking or biking distance. She told Demetri where she was going and asked him to take over her job with the alphabet before heading downstairs to where her bike was. She had bought it off of Claudia for fifteen U.S. dollars. It had used to be Claudia's daughter's bike, but when she left for college, Claudia wanted to get rid of it. Now Grace used to go everywhere. Demetri and Ellie, a fellow American volunteer, also had bikes, so the three of them would often go riding together on their days off. She slipped her purse into the basket and began her ride to the post office. It was a pleasant enough day, though the cool weather made her wish she was in Texas, or even in Paris. The sounds of people working and chatting blended into background noise as she made her way down the narrow streets. She smiled at passing locals walking in the street and made a turn into a narrow parking lot. It was then that she heard a loud whistle. The sudden noise startled her and she looked back, stopping her bicycle in it's path to glance back at the man she'd be trying not to think about for weeks. He started running towards her and she did the same, wheeling her bike next to her. Could it really be him? She didn't believe it. It was surely a trick; she missed him so much that she had begun to 'see' him in things that weren't really there. But soon they were standing face-to-face and she delightfully realized that he was indeed real. \"I am working, what are you doing here?\" He replied when she asked him what he was doing here in Romania. The smile on his face made her feel elated because it meant that he was just as excited to see her as she was to see him. Did that mean he had missed her just as much? \"I don't think we've properly met,\" She said, sticking out her hand in front of her, \"I'm Grace Bennet.\" She felt a rush as his hand took hers and she knew she must have looked like an idiot with the smile on her face. He was really here. He was really in front of her, giving her a chance to prove herself once more. / How many people got a second chance like this? She was going to get a chance to show him who she truly was, real name and all. They had picked a time and place to meet to have dinner together, and her over-active imagination began to picture how they'd talk for hours, sipping cheap wine (the drinking age is eighteen in Romania), catching up with one another again. As she walked into the school, that small, stupid smile on her face, she couldn't help but think how good he looked. And how stupid she was to ever let him go. And how now that he was giving her a second chance, she wasn't going to make that same mistake again. So, I saw the lack of Monte Carlo stories and decided to write one! I just adore Grace and Theo and I wanted to know what happened once they met again in Romania. I hope you guys will like the plans I have for these two loveies. ;) ","Summary":" Another head aches, another heart breaks; I am so much older than I can take. And my affection, wel"},{"Movie":"Monte Carlo, 2011","Title":"Confused","Author":"Musicfutbolfan6","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7940671","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is a short one shot that I might turn into something more depending on the feedback. I want to point out that this has thoughts of girl/girl relationship. I don't wish to offend anyone. So review your thoughts. Emma couldn't pin point the exact moment her feelings had changed. She couldn't for the life of her locate the moment her feelings had been split for three different people. The blonde was greatly confused as she sat on a plane back to Texas mulling her feelings over. She glanced at her boyfriend who was fast asleep on her left before peeking over to the smaller brunette next to her and smiling. Grace was curled up against the window seat her dark brown hair framing her face, her nose slightly wrinkled and her shoulders tense from the uncomfortable position. Reaching over Emma brushed the obscure chocolate tresses behind Grace's ear. As if Grace had been awake the teen shifted, her head now lying on Emma's shoulder, face hidden in the crook of the twenty-one year olds neck. Grace let out a sigh of contentment and her arms wrapped around Emma's waist. The blonde smiled even bigger at the adorableness of her best friend. Choosing to run her hands through, the younger girl's locks, Emma started to think about her dilemma again. Grace was her best friend. She was beautiful, smart, kind, witty, brave, funny, everything, Emma looked for in someone. Grace was amazing. She was her best friend, why wouldn't she be spectacular. But there was the problem. Grace was her best friend . It wasn't the fact that Grace was a girl; Emma had grown up with many liberal thoughts. Her parent's not caring if she'd marry a girl or a boy, all they wanted for her was to find someone to love her the way she loved them. So again it wasn't the fact that Grace was a girl, or the fact that she was three years older than the eighteen year old. It wasn't even the fact that they'd talked about dating, sex, and marriage. It was the fact that Grace was her best friend. God, she was starting to hate those words. That's just it, Grace was her best friend. Grace was someone and she was no one. Grace had it all, she had a future. She'd found love with a sexy French boy. She'd found her life. And what about her, well Emma, had nothing. She didn't have a future. She hadn't found love with a rich boy. She'd be going home to marry her sweetheart that although she did love him, he didn't hold a candle light in comparison to Grace. Worst of all, Emma hadn't found her life. In fact she was reminded why it was nearly impossible for her to find her life. Emma had known dropping out of high school was risky. She knew that. Yet, she did what she felt she needed to do because Emma knew she wasn't going places. She wasn't smart. She knew that. And so when Meg had come along to Paris with them, she couldn't help, but feel worthless. Emma closed her eyes recalling the conversation Meg and she had on the beach with Grace in between them. \" I picked out a dress for you, I did your makeup. Why are you picking a fight with me?\" Emma questioned aggravated. \" I wasn't!\" Meg replied. They argued a bit more until Emma opened up her big mouth. \" Who died and made you bitter!\" Meg shut up as Grace shot up and scolded the blonde. \"EMMA! Meg wait!\" Emma had never regretted anything more in her life except maybe not telling Grace about her feelings. She had felt like such a jerk. Emma didn't want it to go as far as I had, she truly felt guilty. So when the two older girls had met at night and Emma had handed Meg over the necklace. And the two of them had hugged, Emma's feelings finally settled in. Emma always believed what she felt for the brunette was loathing. Meg had everything Emma wanted. She was the person, Emma wanted to be. But since that hug those feelings had cleared and changed. The loathing she felt wasn't that instead it was respect, shame, guilt, and love. And that led Emma back to the beginning. Stuck on a plane with her best friend's arms wrapped around her waist, her boyfriend/fiancé next to her, and thinking about a brunette wrapped up in an attractive Australian's arms, mulling over the feelings she had for the three. ","Summary":" A/N: This is a short one shot that I might turn into something more depending on the feedback. I wa"},{"Movie":"Monte Carlo, 2011","Title":"New York Socialites","Author":"notcarpediem","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9067095","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: \"Here are your fries, sir.\" Blaire Harrington set down the heavy ceramic plate down on the checkered table cloth. She wiped a few beads of sweat of her forehead and tightened her messy dark brown ponytail. The man with sun drenched brown hair and tan face nodded. She refilled his glass of iced tea. The girl sitting across from him wrinkled her nose and shook her empty glass. Blaire rolled her eyes and refilled the girl's glass too. She was a typical-Texas girl: bleached blonde waves, tight red shirt that was tied up above her stomach, and short denim shorts. As Blaire reached over to shove her the glass, she coughed. Typical-Texas girl whined. \"Owen, the waitress just coughed on my food. Tell her to replace my burger.\" Blaire rolled her eyes and snatched the plate off the table. She stomped away, her black Mary Janes sqeaking across the black and white tiled floor. She pushed open the heavy kichen door and tossed the plate in a sink. \"I need another order for a burger, please.\" Blaire walked out and sat down in a folding chair behind the cashier area. \"Brat.\" \"Oh please, Blaire. Calm down.\" A voice interupted Blaire's thoughts. Golden blonde curls fell down into her face. Serena Carter leaned down over Blaire. Her fruity but expensive Bumble and Bumble perfume filled Blaire's nose. \"Hey girly.\" Serena sat down in a chair next to Blaire. She was dressed in the mandatory light blue dress, white apron, and black heeled Mary Jane shoes for the Texas diner the two of them worked at. Blaire leaned on her arms. \"Girls like that make others think bad of Texas. All I just want to do...is just...go somewhere like Paris or New York. To fit in. I don't belong here. I mean...\" Serena rubbed Blaire's head. Serena laughed. \"Don't worry honey. We'll be leaving to New York in two days. There, you can fit in with all of the Gucci and Chanel models you like. And I'll enjoy the vacation I deserve.\" Her pink stained lips sparkled in the light. She adjusted the pin on her crisp dress that read \"Serena\", and then got up to help a waiting group of football players at an empty table. The cook tapped the bell on the counter. \"Order up, Blaire.\" Blaire picked up the plate and strode back over to the table she had been serving earlier. The Texas girl was applying a thick coat of lipstick and staring at herself in a compact mirror. Blaire handed it to the girl. \"Here you go.\" Blaire picked up an empty hot sauce container and wiped it clean. The girl squinted at the food. She opened up her sticky mouth. \"That looks burnt. Ew.\" Sweat formed on Blaire's upper lip as she fought the urge to punch the girl. \"I'm sorry, but if you ask for another plate we'll have to charge you triple for your meal.\" The girl snapped her compact shut and groaned. Lamplight brushed against Serena's skin. It was dark was tired. Her feet were sore from wearing her dorky Mary Jane heels. She let the light Texas wind blow her curls around. The fuzzy dark blue North Face jacket that she wore over a her dress kept her warm but made her look stupid. Serena's flats patted across the damp sidewalk. She rubbed her arms and kept her head up as she passed buildings. A truck engine roared behind her. Serena whirled around, and smiled. Her boyfriend, Drew, was sitting in his black Ram 4X4 truck. He waved to her. Serena hopped up and down, happy. She opened up the passenger door and slid inside. The smell of his Calvin Klein cologne and freshly cut grash met her nose. \"Drew? What are you doing here?\" Drew shrugged as he turned the steering wheel. \"I though you would be tired, so I decided to pick you up. Babe, you do need a vacation.\" He ran his finger through his brown hair and lifted his sunglasses up, reavealing swoon worthy green eyes. Serena leaned on his shoulder. \"Thanks, honey. I'm glad you're supporting me going to New York.\" \"Yeah. It'll be great for some relaxing. Serena, you work too hard.\" Drew reached over and turned the radio on, shaking her off. Music filled Serena's ears. A cold chill shivered up Serena's spine. \"Drew? You okay? You seem kind of, well, off.\" Drew stared straight ahead. \"I'm fine. I mean, it's not every day you send your girlfriend off to the fabulous city of New York. The city of fashion, glamour, luxury. I'm fine.\" Serena slammed her hand down on the leather console. \"I knew it! You're nervous about me leaving. Well, Drew, you don't have anything to worry about. I'll be okay.\" She snapped. \"If you say so.\" Drew hit the brakes and stared out at the blinking street light over the intersection. \"If you say so.\" He echoed. \"That's it.\" Serena unlocked the car door. She picked up her purse and tote bag off the floor of the truck. \"I can't stand it anymore. You're so protective. Just...let me be! If i want to go, you can't stop me.\" Her yelling voice escalated across seats. Drew parked over to the side of the road. \"Fine. Get out. Have your dream vacation in New York. Don't call me to tell how much fun you are having.\" He reached over and opened the car door. Serena's jaw dropped. \"Are you...breaking up with me?\" A few loose curls from her tangled bun fell into her eyes. \"I don't know. Lately, I don't know anything.\" Drew crossed his arms and stared at Serena. \"Call me if you change your mind. If not, we're through.\" Serena stomped out. Tears streamed down her face as she cried all the way home. \"Thank you, Aunt Kristen.\" Serena smiled politely and handed her empty plate to Blaire's mom. \"The roasted chicken was delicious.\" Mrs. Herrington laughed. \"Thank you, Serena. It's a pleasure to have you eat dinner with us on the night before you girls go off to NYC.\" Blaire's mom pulled a strand of brown hair behind her ear. She picked up her daughters plate, and then her step-daughter Vivian's plate. Vivian March acted uninterested. She tied a few of her brown curls back with a hair tie. Vivian was tired of listening to Blaire and Serena talk about NYC. Before her dad had married Blaire's mom, Kristen, she had had a happy life. Boarding school, Ivy League college, shopping sprees, trips, etc. Now, she was in some gritty Texas town with her step sister, who worked at a diner. A diner. Vivian's old friends would of been disgusted. Vivian looked across the table at Blaire. She was extremly pretty, with dark brown hair and blue eyes that sparkled when she was happy. Her elegently sloped nose made her face pretty and gorgeous. Sitting next to her was Serena, Blaire's best friend and cousin that was a year older than her. Serena had golden blonde hair, ice blue eyes, and sunkissed skin. They were both pretty enough to be models, but Vivian felt that she had alot more style than either of them. She had dark brown hair, emerald eyes, and ivory skin that was slightly toasted with Texan sun. Vivian smoothed down her ah-dorable navy blue BCBG dress and clenched her toes, which were clad in a pair of nude flats. Even though it was only a vacation going off dinner, Vivian felt that any occasion could use some class. Once Blaire and Serena would leave for New York, she was flying back to Princeton and taking her time decorating her dorm with her roomie, Elle. Kristen Herrington cleared her throat and glanced at her husband. Steve March picked up his glass of red wine and tapped his butter knife against it. \"Attention, girls. Attention.\" Vivian stared at her dad. He didn't exactly belong in Texas, wearing his black suit and graying hair. \"Well...\" He looked over at Kristen, who was busy staring at the cheesecake in the middle of the table. She glared at him, and he coughed. \"Blaire. Vivian. Your mother and I have been thinking...\" \"Step-mom.\" Vivian said, admiring her Essie polished nails. Mr. March glared at Vivian. \"Anyway, we thought about how much fun Blaire and Serena were going to have in NYC, so...\" He fingered his red wine glass rim. \"Steve,\" Kristen licked her lips. \"Please keep going.\" \"We decided that Vivian will be going with you two to New York! Yeah!\" He reached for a plate of cheesecake. Blaire's mouth dropped open. \"What? N-O! Vivian's already been there. She'll ruin our trip. Right Serena?\" She turned her head to her cousin, who was rubbing under her eyes. Vivian looked at Serena closely. Her eyes were slightly red and there were tear stains on her under eye circles. Had she been crying? Serena bit her lip. \"Are you sure, Uncle Steve?\" Mr. March nodded. \"You need a responsible adult while you two are there. Vivian's already finished one semester at Princeton, and you guys ahve just now finished high school, so...\" \"THIS IS SO NOT FAIR!\" Blaire wailed. The glasses on the table shook. Hey guys, This is based off of Monte Carlo after I watched it on a spur-of-the-moment descion of boredom. Two of the main characters are from Gossip Girl, so they go to Cecily von Ziegesar. Story line goes to the movie, but it will defiantly be alot different. Hope you enjoy! Oh and if you finish this chapter, go check out my other stories. Read on! ","Summary":" Chapter 1: \"Here are your fries, sir.\" Blaire Harrington set down the heavy ceramic plate down on"},{"Movie":"Monte Carlo, 2011","Title":"When In Romania","Author":"theYellowDello","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7307903","Passage":"[Chapter 1] -\"Grace, I think someone needs to point out to you that your rich, handsome, frenchman of a boyfriend is totally kissable.\"-was the first thing I heard as I shut the apartment door after a long day of tutoring schoolchildren. I sighed at the prospect of having this conversation again for the thousandth time while I set down my bag, kicked off my shoes, and ducked into the bathroom of our small one-bedroom apartment in an effort to evade my over-zealous roommate. \"He's not my boyfriend, Leila, and I'm fully aware of his...kissable...ness.\" The memory of kissing a french boy is not one easily repressed, let me tell you. \"You say that like you have some experience,\" my new-ish friend urged, once again searching for information on our relationship. \"I can't believe you've been hanging out with that boy for the past two weeks without even attempting to smooch him!\" \"It hasn't been two weeks. He arrived in Romania just nine days ago, and I've only seen him a few times,\" I reminded her. \"Still! You two have the hots for each other. We can all tell. And Ana was saying how he saw you out the window and ran after you something desperate.\" Leila pushed me onto my bed and stood with her arms folded, staring at me, waiting for me to spill. I never did hold up well to this particular variety of peer pressure, and I think she was beginning to pick up on it. \"Fine! Fine. I met Theo at the beginning of the summer. Happy?\" Maybe if I gave Leila just a bit of something to moon over, then she'd finally shut up. \"No! You've got to tell me everything! You two have a history! How can I support you emotionally if I don't even know what it is? Seriously, Grace, you are making it impossible for me to complete my duties as a good roommate and charity-volunteer-sister-lady.\" She gave me her most serious look. \"Oh gawd, you are so ridiculous,\" I told her. \"Please, Grace? Pl-eeease?\" she pleaded, going so far as to get down on her knees and beg, taking my hand in hers. Geez, what was wrong with this girl? After living with me for six weeks she already feels she's entitled to all the details of my life. \"Leila! Just stop it-okay?\" \"Not until you promise to tell me what's going on between you and that complete dreamboat that prevents you from kissing him every ten seconds. He'd let you, you know,\" Leila said. \"No, I don't think he would,\" I said. I had left in a rather pathetic position after all. There was no reason to believe he would forgive me so simply, not after I'd lied to him so thoroughly. No, our chance was over. I blew it. Leila seemed to have picked up on my doleful mood, because she sat up on the bed with me, still grasping my hand, and asked softly, \"What happened?\" Ooh, she was good. I was reminded of the way Emma would comfort me when I was agitated. \"Well,\" I began searching for words, \"I lied to him. He only liked me because I wasn't fake, because I was different and honest, and I was lying to him the whole time.\" I had been trying to avoid even thinking about this anymore, but I guess I had to explain sometime. \"I don't think he can trust me again.\" Leila gave me a small hug. \"Oh Grace. I'm sorry. I didn't think it would be something hard for you to talk about.\" \"No, it's alright,\" I told her, giving a little smile while brushing away a couple stray tears. \"It's good to have someone to talk to about it, I think. I am having a hard time being around him so much.\" \"But Grace, are you certain he's mad? He seems to like you.\" \"He's being polite. You can't spend a week with someone and then completely ignore them, you know? Theo is nothing if not decent.\" I didn't think I'd be able to completely forgive myself for ruining it anytime soon. \"Walking you home, asking you to coffee, those of not the acts of a person who is only 'being polite', Grace,\" Leila said. She was clearly reading too much into it. \"No, actually, I think it does in our case. He probably feels like he needs to get to know me as me, just so we can work together without discomfort.\" That was something he'd probably do. The scars of our last attempt at dating were still there though. He knew better than to try that again. Leila crinkled her forehead, a little confused by that statement, but didn't push it. I sighed again, wanting to lie there and mope for several hours, but I knew that if I wanted to get over this fiasco, I'd have to actively set my mind on other things. Thinking of Theo was painful. The best thing to do was go to work. I hauled myself to my feet, picked up the bag I had set down not ten minutes earlier, and slipped on my shoes again as my roommate watched. \"Leila, I'm just going to go finish some paperwork I had forgotten about. I'll be back before too late, okay?\" I said. Leila let me go without another word as I headed back to the school.[Chapter 2] I sighed again as I pulled open the creaky iron gate in front of the schoolhouse. The sun was setting. It was nearly dusk now, I had spent my entire day painting walls and putting desks together and tutoring the few students we had so far, and here I was again. There really was paperwork that needed doing, just not necessarily urgently, but I was sure that Ana and the rest of the team would appreciate a respite from paperwork for a day. I just needed to not think about Monte Carlo for a few hours. Oh damn. Thought about it again. I just needed to not think about Theo, or leaving Theo, or lying to Theo, or wanting to fix everything and explain it all to Theo, and especially not kissing Theo. Crap. And I had been doing so well until he showed up here. Sort of. Knowing it was going to be a long night, I poured myself a cup of cold coffee and settled myself at the table with a freshly sharpened pencil in the room we had dubbed \"the office.\" Paperwork beckoned. An hour and half in with the government teacher-approval forms, I let my tired eyes shut themselves for a moment, resting my head on the desk. –––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––– \"Grace?\" a familiar voice interrupted my dream. \"Grace,\" said the voice again and I felt someone shake my arm, \"Grace, wake up.\" Not wanting to open my eyes, I only groggily shifted away from the voice, trying to ignore it. I heard the screech of a chair being pulled, and the bothersome person sat beside me. \"You can't stay here all night,\" the voice said and the french accent identified the intruder as Theo. Great. \"Go away,\" I mumbled. Really, I did not want to deal with this right now. Or ever, even. \"Grace, you've got to get up. Honestly, you American women. What were you thinking, coming here alone at night?\" He shook me harder. He sighed softly when I didn't respond. There seemed to be a lot of sighing going on lately. Our situation called for it, I supposed. \"Let me take you home, Grace.\" I continued to ignore him, but he wasn't having it. \"Grace, if you don't get up right now, I'm going to pick you up and carry you home.\" \"No you won't,\" I muttered, squeezing my eyes shut even tighter. All the better not to see you with, Theo. All the better not to look into your mega-attractive face. \"I tell you I am completely serious,\" he said, and with that, he lifted me from my seat at the table, carrying me in his arms. My eyes snapped open. \"Alright! Alright. I'll walk. Set me down.\" He did so, and I teetered for a moment on my still-drowsy legs. His arms came up to steady me, and I finally took a look at his handsome angular face. He was grinning at me and my sluggish state. I narrowed my eyes at him, trying to look angry, but probably failing to look anything but half-asleep. \"That wasn't necessary, you know. I would have gotten up soon on my own.\" He ignored that and took my arm, escorting me down the staircase, probably worried I'd tumble down the way things were going. \"Why are you here, Theo?\" I asked as the thought occurred to me. We were all supposedly done for the day. There was no real reason to come back. \"I was looking for you,\" he told me. \"Don't looked so shocked. I wanted to talk to you, so I went to your apartment and your roommate said you came here a couple hours ago.\" His eyes searched my face for an explanation, and I looked away. \"I needed to distract myself,\" I said, and left it at that though he was clearly asking for more. We left the schoolhouse in silence. Theo was no longer supporting me as I had come to enough to handle myself. I glanced at him beside me, and he seemed to be searching for words. If I was in any other mood besides totally exhausted, I would have tried to make conversation, ease the tension between us. As it was though, I couldn't form enough coherent thought to even give it a proper try. \"Listen,\" Theo began as we walked, \"This might not be the best time to talk, but I don't know when we're going to have another moment alone.\" He looked at me, gauging my response. \"I was with you for one week, but I haven't been able to stop thinking about you for two months. You're different, Grace. You really are. And I like you. I know I hurt you when I left in the middle of your apology. I'm sorry I didn't come back in time to see you off. When I finally came to my senses and went looking for you, I found that you had left only five minutes earlier. I didn't even know your real name. I had to ask around until I found someone who had heard your friends call you Grace, which is a lovely name and fits you much better than Cordelia. You might have noticed how I'm saying it much more than a normal person would talking to you. I've been looking over my shoulder for weeks, hoping that I'll somehow run into you again, but then I did and you barely talk to me. Grace. Tell me how to fix this. I don't know what to do.\" I was blown away by this, suddenly fully awake. We must have stopped walking sometime during his little speech. I now found myself facing him, searching his eyes. He was so incredibly frank and honest. I occasionally wondered if this had more to do with him being french, or him being Theo, but I was coming to believe it was more just him. \"Theo, it's not your fault. It's all my fault,\" I said as I put my hand on his arm to emphasize my point. \"I wasn't saying much to you because I didn't think you could have forgiven me for lying, that's all.\" Relief washed over his face. With his arms around my waist, he pulled me into a tight embrace and rested his head on my shoulder. \"And I was thinking that you hated me.\" \"Theo! I could never hate you. You're wonderful and fun and good and flawed and perfect.\" \" Dieu merci, \" he said and kissed me. It was a chaste and tender kiss, but the feel of his lips on mine still sent chills all over me. My hands found their ways up his back and into his dark curls. He broke off the kiss much too soon. His hand finding its way into mine, he asked with a grin, \"So what do you say to giving us a try?\" ","Summary":" -\"Grace, I think someone needs to point out to you that your rich, handsome, frenchman of a boyfri"},{"Movie":"Monte Carlo, 2011","Title":"A Letter And A Call","Author":"RileyGoode","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8210260","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi, hope you enjoy the story. Story Disclaimer: I don't own the original characters. I was walking down the stairs when my mom called for me \"Grace! You have a letter, it's from Monte Carlo.\" My heart sped up when she said that I mean who else do I know from Monte Carlo that would be sending me a letter, come to think of it who else do I know in Monte Carlo and why would he be sending me a letter, he hadn't even said goodbye to me. I was brought out of my thoughts when my mum asked \"Grace who do you know in Monte Carlo?\" \"Oh it's probably just one of the girls that I met when we were in Paris\" \"Oh well it's nice of her to write\" \"Yeh\" She handed me the letter and I heard my phone go off, but it was up in my room giving me the perfect excuse to leave the kitchen. \"I'm gonna go get that it's probably Emma\" I said as I walked away. When I got to my phone I checked the caller id but it came up as unknown number. So I faked a British accent and answered \"Hello\" \"Hello , is this Grace Bennett?\" said a familiar French voice I couldn't place whose voice it was though \"No she's in the shower at the moment, can I take a message?\" \"Could you just get her to call me back on this number when she comes out?\" \"Sure what's your name so I can tell her who called\" \"I'll tell her when she calls. Goodbye\" \"bye\" I knew that I would have to wait for at least ten minutes before I could call back since I was 'in the shower' so I opened the letter. I was surprised it was from Bernard Marchland. I mean there was no reason for him to be writing me a letter, but I read it anyways. It said; Dear Grace, I remember how much you cared about the project we were working on when you were in Monte Carlo. So I would like to offer you a job at one of the schools that we built with the money you raised by selling the necklace you don't get paid but you will be given a place to stay (an apartment with other volunteers) and you will be given money for food. You will be in Romania until you have to go back to school. Please inform me if you want to come and do the volunteer work or not I need to know within the week because we are sending a group out there soon. Send your reply to this address; Mr B Marchland Hotel de Paris Monte Carlo Or email me at; bernard_marchland .fr I hope to hear from you soon Sincerely Bernard Marchland CEO of Marchland Family Foundation I think I went into shock; why did Bernard Marchland want me to volunteer at one of the schools he had built? I couldn't figure it out so I called Emma ( Emma Grace) Hey Grace Hey Em you got a minute? Yeh, what's up? It's weird I got a letter from Monte Carlo… Monte Carlo! Was it from a certain French boy? Nope, it was from his father! HIS FATHER! Why was he writing to you? He wanted to know if I want to do some volunteer work at one of his schools in Romania! Did he say why? No that's why I called you I thought that you might be able to figure it out I don't know… maybe he realised how much you cared about helping others, children in particular, and thought you would like to help at a school that you helped build I suppose that its possible Or Theo's been really sad since you left and he's trying to get you two back together … or well together since you were never really dating Now that's just ridiculous; I mean I'm a liar, why would he want me and Theo to be together? Maybe because he realises that you make Theo happy, but he never noticed that Theo was unhappy before we went to Monte Carlo because Theo was never really happy but now he's seen how Theo was acting when you were there. Em no offence but that made absolutely no sense! Okay simpler answer: Theo was never truly happy before he met you then you left and he sad again. You get it now? I think so but the idea is still ridiculous Whatever you asked me what I thought and I told you. So are you gonna say yes or no? I think I'll say yes. After all I need a change of scenery! Haaha well don't make it sound to fabulous otherwise I'll be coming with you! Hahaha and how does Owen fit into this? Well he'll come too obviously Haha bye Em I gotta go someone called this morning but the number was unknown so I faked a British accent and he sounded French! Ahh! Why didn't you tell me? I bet you $100 it's your lover boy I don't have $100 and neither do you, also he's not my lover boy So you admit he's a lover boy That. Is. Not. What. I. Meant! Haaha well I'll get off the phone so you can call him back. Call me when you get off the phone! Okay? Okay. Talk to you later Later and Good Luck And with that she hung up. Was she right? Was Bernard trying to get me and Theo together? Oh how can my life be so messed up! Well I'd better call this person back ( Frenchman Grace) Hello? Hello you called earlier but I was in the shower, you talked to my friend? Yes of course so I'm correct in thinking that I'm talking to Grace? Yeh, one question; who are you? Well I'd prefer if I could meet with you I'm sure that you will recognise me Well I'm not sure if I want to meet with you I mean how do I know that I have actually met you before, that your not lying Grace I promise that you have met me Fine where and when? The school quad, 8pm tomorrow. I'll be there. Bye Bye I sat a pondered what I had just agreed to do. Then I remembered that Emma had asked me to call her once I had finished talking to the guy so I pressed 4 and used speed dial Hey Grace off the phone already? Yeh? Why does that sound like a question and was it lover boy? I don't know if it was Theo but I said I would meet them at the school quad at 8 tomorrow You said you do what! Will you help me? Of Course, what do I need to do? Well if you could go to the quad at 8 and see if Theo or anyone else we have met is there then text me and tell me who it is and I'll be late for the meeting Okay but what's your alibi? I was on the phone to my sister and we lost track of time Fine Thank you I'll come to yours tomorrow at 7ish okay? Yeh see you then Will you be at work today? Yeh you? Yeh so I'll see you in about an hour Yeh bye Bye She hung up and I went back down to the kitchen. My mother wasn't in there and I was glad of it seen as I didn't want to have to explain what took me so long. Sorry its so short but I want to keep the meeting at the quad for the next chapter Please review. I will update when I have at least 2 reviews. Can I just say anonymous reviews are enabled so please do review.[Chapter 2] will update soon but my laptop has broken :'( . searching for a new one but untill then i wont be able to update. thankfully my dad has managed to recover what i had already on my laptop so chapter is already half done :D xxx :D Riley[Chapter 3] Go to my profile and vote for the 2 stories I should finish first on the poll xxx :D Riley ","Summary":" Hi, hope you enjoy the story. Story Disclaimer: I don't own the original characters. I was walking "},{"Movie":"Monte Carlo, 2011","Title":"What It Means To Be a Socialite","Author":"FireBeatsRoses","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7312445","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I've been waiting for this category for ages, so I jumped at the chance to post but of course I had to do all the checking before hand. The character of Cordelia fascinates me because by the sound of it she is a nasty piece of work but there is history there that makes her that way. So from the information I could extract from Monte Carlo I decided to write about her. Cordelia Winthrop Scott a girl of many talents, the girl who had it all you would think, she lived in a nice house...several in fact around the world depending where her parents would arrange for her to stay seeing as her parents had divorced almost two years previously, she had a nice car, which she was not yet allowed to drive, clothes and fashion galore, jewellery and make up. Everything a girl could ever dream of correct? Only Cordelia wasn't happy, yes she had everything a girl could want in a materialistic view, but where were her parents when she needed them? \"Miss. Scott!\" The teacher said shrilly out of nowhere, she walked briskly across the classroom to the desk of girl with dark brown hair up in a tight bun, leering over seventeen year old Cordelia Winthrop Scott. \"Your mobile phone now!\" She said in a stern voice holding out her hand as if expecting Cordelia to hand it over so easily. Cordelia narrowed her eyes as they locked with the teacher standing over her. Cordelia's jaw tightened her narrowed eyes still staring directly into the eyes of her teacher. \"No.\" She said in a slow clear voice, allowing the whole class to hear. Her defiance sparked and eruption of whispers throughout the classroom. The teacher pursed her lips tightly at Cordelia's reply, it was clear that she was trying to refrain from losing her temper. \"Miss. Scott, I'm going to have to ask you to leave. If you are unwilling to learn, please do not be selfish and disrupt your class mates from learning.\" Her teacher spoke calmly. Everyone stared at Cordelia. The tension in the room was at its peak. After a few moments of silence and intense stares Cordelia rose from her seat, collecting her books and other stationary before exiting the classroom swiftly, making sure she slammed the door behind her. \"The old hag asked me to leave telling me I was selfish for disrupting my other class mates learning!\" Cordelia yelled down the phone pacing her dorm room back and forth. \"Honestly, the nerve! If she hadn't stopped teaching to yell at me for having my phone out in the first place the class wouldn't have been disrupted!\" Cordelia continued furiously while perching herself on the end of her bed. \"Anyway, where are you now?\" Cordelia inquired as she pulled out a pocket mirror and admired her reflection for a few moments. \"Beijing?\" Cordelia asked sounding impressed after her friend Victoria had replied. \"I'd come see you if I wasn't being held prisoner in this hell hole.\" She sat listening to her friend for a few moments before replying. \"Honestly it is a hell hole, especially when your room mate thinks she's better than you and little miss perfect, with her innocent watery blue eyes and her perfect golden locks and of course she's the queen of all virgins!\" Cordelia scoffed in disgust. Cordelia glared as the door opened and her roommate entered. \"Speak of the devil...I mean angel.\" Cordelia growled into the receiver. \"I'll call you back later.\" Cordelia said hanging up. Her eyes shifted until they met with her roommate who was standing just inside the door way. \"Cordelia.\" She smiled as she made her way in. It was the biggest fake smile Cordelia had ever seen. \"Amanda.\" Cordelia replied in a bored, uninterested tone. \"I had the most wonderful day, what about you?\" She asked inquisitively sitting on the bed opposite with an enthusiastic smile. \"Nothing particularly wonderful...\" Cordelia replied sourly. \"Would you like to hear about mine then?\" Amanda asked politely in a sweet voice. \"No, not really.\" Cordelia replied turning her back to Amanda. \"Cordelia you are always so miserable.\" Amanda said frowning at the back of Cordelia's head while awaiting an answer. \"Is that so?\" Cordelia retorted coldly, truth be told, Cordelia didn't care what Amanda or anybody else thought of her and she preferred to keep it that way. \"It is so and I think it's because of your parents divorce.\" At this Cordelia snapped, jumping off her bed facing Amanda, her eyes were wide and fierce. \"My parents have nothing to do with it!\" Cordelia screamed in Amanda's face, she was so close their noses were almost touching. \"If you ever mention anything about my parents divorce again...I will...\" Cordelia paused for a few moments thinking. \"You'll regret ever saying anything, believe me.\" Cordelia growled threateningly. She then stormed out of the room without another word or even a backwards glance. The divorce of Cordelia's parents was a tender subject for Cordelia, it had hurt her, a great deal to hear the news over the phone from her mother while Cordelia was hundreds of miles away in a different country. Cordelia's father was a very wealthy and successful business owner, he had also inherited a great deal of money, many billions of pounds from Cordelia's grandparents. This made the Scott family very well known, making the news much harder for Cordelia to handle, what was supposed to be a private, personal matter within the family became a story world wide. Everywhere Cordelia looked her parents or her face would be on magazine covers, publicising her families personal matters. She had found interviews hard to handle when being questioned about it, on many occasions leaving interviews before they were over or on one occasion, storming off of a live show which created even more publicity. Cordelia glared at her own reflection in the mirror, wiping her streaming eyes and trying to collect herself. It had taken Cordelia a few minutes to calm herself down and to reapply all of her make up. She would never allow anyone to know she had been crying. No. That showed weakness and vulnerability, which was not something Cordelia was prepared to show anybody. Nobody ever saw Cordelia Winthrop Scott cry. She returned to her room later that night, where Amanda was sitting up in bed waiting for her, clutching a thick hardback book. Cordelia groaned at the sight of her. \"Ugh, I thought you'd be asleep by now!\" Cordelia moaned in a tired voice. \"No, I've been up reading this book, it's extremely fascinating, it's about a girl who-\" \"I really don't care.\" Cordelia interjected irritably glaring at Amanda. \"I don't read crappy books, because I just don't care! I have better things to do!\" Cordelia snapped, her mood had not greatly improved even from having alone time. But Cordelia couldn't seem to prevent her hostility to Amanda because she just aggravated her. Anything that came out of Amanda's mouth was nothing Cordelia ever wanted to hear. Amanda did not come from a rich family as Cordelia and many of the other students at Le Rosey. Amanda had earned a scholarship which paid for her education and stay at the fine school. \"Like what?\" Amanda asked curiously. \"I didn't know calling one of your rich friends counted as doing something.\" Amanda added in her superficial tone. Cordelia narrowed her eyes on Amanda who simply smiled. \"At least I've got friends.\" Cordelia retorted with a sneer. \"Not here.\" Amanda pointed out. \"Everybody hates you here, they just think you're an arrogant, selfish, ungrateful, bitch with a bad attitude and awful manners.\" Amanda said proudly, Cordelia ground her teeth together, clenching her fists. \"I personally don't blame you, I blame your parents, it's their job to help form the person you are and they haven't done a very good job.\" Amanda said coolly, at this Cordelia pounced, lunging herself at Amanda with all the force she could, knocking her to the floor. Cordelia and Amanda fought viciously for several minutes, there was slapping, punching, pinching, scratching and biting. Screams could be heard from both girls from outside their room, attracting many of the girls to peek out from their rooms to listen to the screams and the crashes. The fight was finally stopped between the two when dorm advisors were called entering the scene and separating the two girls who were immediately sent to the Dean and their parents called. \"Behaviour such as this is not condoned at Le Rosey, especially between young women such as yourselves!\" The Dean said firmly looking disappointedly at both girls. \"You are young ladies, you will act with grace, elegance and dignity.\" The Dean went on, Cordelia rolled her eyes. \"Now could either of you tell me what is remotely dignified about rolling around on the floor, trying to rip each other to pieces?\" He asked looking from Cordelia, to Amanda who sitting with her head hung low sobbing. Neither said anything for a few moments until Amanda piped up. \"Please don't expel me Sir please! I'm begging you please!\" Amanda bawled as Cordelia refrained a snigger, earning her a glare from the Dean. \"Neither of you are being expelled.\" \"Oh, thank you, thank you Sir.\" Amanda said beaming and wiping away the tears from her tear stained face and smudging her mascara. \"But I will not have this sort of behaviour at this school and besmirching its great name, is that understood?\" He asked again glancing at both girls. A few minutes later he dismissed them both and they returned to their dorm room. Neither of them had said a word on their journey back. Amanda was the first to speak upon arriving back at the two girls' room, clearing her throat as she opened the door. \"I would like us to make a fresh start.\" She told Cordelia with a large sickening smile. \"We can turn over a new leaf and start again, that would be nice don't you think?\" \"Right...\" Cordelia responded dully, it had never been her intention and she wasn't willing to try. Both girls entered the room Amanda made herself comfortable on her bed. Cordelia took a few moments rummaging through her bedside cabinet as if she was looking for something. \"What are you looking for?\" Amanda asked curiously supporting herself on her elbows. Cordelia took a few seconds to respond before answering. \"My lighter,\" Cordelia replied without looking at Amanda. \"I didn't know you smoked...and we aren't allowed lighters!\" Amanda protested. \"You're right...I don't smoke.\" Cordelia responded. \"Ah-ha!\" She said triumphantly sitting up and holding a smart gold lighter. Amanda looked at it cautiously. \"I'm telling the head of our dorm!\" She said nervously, getting up from her bed. Cordelia glared at her. \"So much for starting fresh,\" Cordelia said casually with a sigh, Amanda stopped in her tracks just before she reached the door. \"I was just going to burn this candle, as a symbolism you know...\" Cordelia told Amanda innocently gesturing towards the candle sitting beside her bed. \"Okay, okay...just this once.\" Amanda agreed reluctantly returning to her bed, Cordelia smiled evilly lighting the candle and allowing it to burn. \"Once is enough.\" Cordelia smiled. Thirty or so minutes later the candle was still burning flickering slightly and giving off a warm glow. Amanda was had fallen asleep insisting that they had to be up early for polo practice the following morning. Cordelia glanced over at the candle and then at Amanda's curly blonde locks that glowed in the candle light from over the book she was holding. Cordelia threw the book down and she watched as it knocked the candle allowing it to fall side ways and within a few seconds the flames rose up, Amanda woke up screaming and running into the bathroom while Cordelia sat up in her bed quite frankly stunned, while hearing cries from the bathroom. A smile edged onto Cordelia's face she had made it look like an accident…perfect. \"Cordelia!\" Cordelia groaned rolling over in her overly large Queen sized double bed, there was another disturbing knock at her bedroom door. \"Cordelia! Get up, your father does not pay for your tutor so you can be late!\" The maid called through the door, Cordelia groaned once again this time sitting up and wiping the sleep from her eyes. \"Cordelia!\" \"Yes! Yes! I'm up for goodness sake!\" Cordelia yelled back irritably clambering out of bed and making her way to the on-suite. She glanced at her reflection in the mirror for a few moments while filling the sink with warm water. She tied her long dark brown, almost black hair up into a loose pony tail. She sighed turning off the tap preventing anymore hot water from gushing out. \"Why do I need a stupid tutor anyway?\" Cordelia muttered to herself picking up a White flannel and dropping it into the sink of warm water. Cordelia never wanted a tutor, it wasn't her fault that the snarky know-it-all Amanda had agitated her enough that she had set fire to the girl's hair and as a result been excluded from Le Rosey. The truth was Cordelia was lonely. Yes Cordelia knew a lot of people, she made many acquaintances every week but none of them she could really call friends, nobody knew the real Cordelia, what she wanted, what she most desired. The truth was Cordelia could be surround by hundreds of people and still feel completely and utterly alone. She appeared at the top of the stairs, thirty or so minutes later, wearing smart skinny black trousers, a white button blouse and a black rever jacket. Only to be confronted by the maid, she was slightly shorter than Cordelia and she had almost the exact same hair colour a part from a few stray grey hairs many could have mistaken her to be Cordelia's mother. Ofelia stood staring sternly at Cordelia with her hands perched on her hips, Cordelia said nothing, she knew very well what that look meant. She started making her way down the grand wooden polished staircase her hand gliding lightly a top the smooth banister while the maid followed just behind determined to make Cordelia listen. \"Cordelia, how many times must I tell you?\" She said taking lightly hold of Cordelia's wrist and preventing her from taking any further steps. \"Your father will have no more of you delaying your tutor, you must take more responsibility for yourself.\" Cordelia pursed her lips together and narrowed her eyes before whirling around to face the maid; her chocolate brown eyes were fierce as she glowered at the slightly shorter woman. \"What can my father do, Ofelia?\" Cordelia asked with a snort of laughter, \"He is never here.\" Cordelia continued, she then released her wrist from Ofelia's grip turning to head down the stairs once again. \"Feel free to inform my father that I am no longer interested in continuing my studies.\" Cordelia called as she exited the house without a backwards glance. \"Cordelia! Cordelia, where are you going?\" Ofelia called desperately from the front door as she watched Cordelia walking briskly down the long stony drive way, no sooner had she got to the end of the drive a lustrous black Rolls Royce pulled up and an large man dressed in a smart black suit climbed out, opening the door, bowing his head slightly as Cordelia clambered in, taking her seat in the immaculate automobile. The door was then immediately closed and within a few moments Ofelia watched as the car pulled away. She wondered what she would have to tell the tutor this time, how she would have to tell Cordelia's father that she had once again failed to get Cordelia to study and how she now didn't know where his daughter was heading and what she was doing. \"Where to are you heading this fine morning Miss. Scott?\" The driver asked glancing up at the mirror where he could see Cordelia's reflection. It was the only way he could make eye contact without fully taking his eyes off of the road in front of him. Cordelia let out a sigh glancing down at the sliver watch she always wore and then back up looking to the mirror to make eye contact with the young driver who was no older than his mid-twenties with dirty blonde hair and piercing blue eyes. \"I would like to stop at The Belvedere for a spot of breakfast before I go and do some shopping.\" Cordelia told him with a small smile, he nodded in agreement his eyes setting on the road once more. \"Thank you, Lance.\" Cordelia smiled. \"Right away, Miss. Scott.\" Lance said, Cordelia's eyes shifted, she glanced out of the tinted black windows only to notice that they were being followed by paparazzi as she usually was. Cordelia let out a groan. \"Have they got nothing else to do with their pathetic little lives than to follow me around?\" Cordelia said irritably. \"You'd have thought some would have got a proper job by now.\" Pulling out her phone and glancing down at the screen which displayed several missed calls and voice messages from her mother. \"What on earth does she want?...Probably to lecture me on how important it is for me to learn how to properly run daddy's business.\" Cordelia laughed, she was talking mainly to herself, she did this quite often and Lance had learned not to answer her unless asked directly. Cordelia then selected one of the several voice mails holding the phone up to her ear and her mother's voice immediately filled the car. \"Cordelia Winthrop. Scott! What am I going to do with you? Return home this instance, your father and I are growing tired of your continuous lack of responsibility, I do not think you realise the importance of these lessons and how much your future depends on them. Your father and I have arranged a surprise for you upon your return, please darling, hurry back.\" Cordelia immediately selected the delete all messages button and placed her phone back into her pocket and laughed to herself, there was no way she would be returning home even with a surprise install for her, Cordelia's mother tried everything in her power to get Cordelia to abide by rules or to do as she was told but it never worked out, Cordelia would constantly to anything she could to get her way and nothing or nobody else mattered until she got what she wanted and if she didn't want something, it wasn't going to happen in a million years and that was the end of it. \"When is mummy going to learn?\" Cordelia sighed to herself. A few moments later they pulled up in front of The Belvedere and Cordelia glanced at her watch and then out of the window, where she saw the paparazzi clambering out of their cars, cameras in hand at the ready. \"Are you ready Miss, Scott?\" Lance asked, unbuckling his seatbelt, turning to face Cordelia who nodded in response, the paparazzi were already shouting questions and taking pictures. \"It looks like it's going to be a hectic one today Miss.\" Lance told her biting his lip. Just to clarify the events with Grace, Meg and Emma do not happen, as far as this story is concerned in Cordelia's life they don't exist. Basically their trip to Paris went as planned and Cordelia is going to do what she originally wanted. Just thought I would clear that up. Do you think Cordelia seems in character? Or should she be meaner or something. Oh and one last thing, trailer for this story on my profile if you want to get the full gist of the story.[Chapter 2] So this is the second chapter. It has some French in it and I hope it's correct but I do apologise if it isn't...I was never much good at French in school. Also I tried to write the way I want them to sound when they speak, it's not spelling mistakes I promise! So that's it for explaining. I hope you enjoy this chapter. Please tell me what you think! Chapter 2 – City of Light \"Cordelia! Cordelia! Is it true you set a girls hair on fire?\" One man in a black leather jacket, holding a large camera asked. Cordelia usually ignored many of the questions asked but some seemed so tempting to answer. \"Cor-delia!\" Another man yelled just in front of her as he clumsily stumbled over other paparazzi's feet. \"Cordelia, is it true that your fling with Theo Marchand is over?\" Cordelia let out a laugh at the ridiculous question while continuing to walk. Cordelia and Theo Marchand, a young handsome French man of equally as high status as Cordelia had never got along. Neither were interested in each other thus their relationship had never thrived and become more than an acquaintance. Not even that of a friendship. The rumour had spread like wild fire on an account of a photograph that had been taken of the two together of the summer previously. \"Over? It never even started!\" Cordelia stated confidently. \"Have I not told you how I hate the French!\" Cordelia continued before entering the restaurant, where the paparazzi could no longer follow her. Cordelia sat by herself having breakfast, she glanced around the almost empty restaurant sighing to herself. She ignored her phone as is vibrated repeatedly from her mother constantly calling. Finally Cordelia gave in answering her phone. \"Yes?\" She said stiffly, pulling the phone slightly away from her ear as her mothers voice yelled at her. \"Cordelia, where are you? It's been an hour and still no sign of you! I told you, your father and I have arranged a surprise for you so please hurry home darling.\" \"Is daddy going to be there, or just you?\" Cordelia asked curiously. Her father was rarely around when Cordelia wanted him to be. \"It's a surprise darling.\" Her mother responded trying to sound excited for Cordelia who rolled her eyes. \"I want to speak to daddy first.\" Cordelia told her coldly. \"Last time you told me that, he wasn't even there.\" The other side went silent for a few moments, Cordelia was about to hang up when the sound of her fathers deep voice came. \"Daddy?\" Cordelia asked quickly with a rush of excitement. \"Are you at home now? Will you be there long? Will I be able to see you?\" Cordelia fired the questions as quickly as they had popped into her head. She heard her father chuckle. \"Slow down there, pumpkin.\" He chuckled, Cordelia was so glad to hear her fathers voice again it led her to forget everything that was happening around her. \"If you come back here right away you should be able to catch me.\" Her father told her, Cordelia rose from her seat quickly setting down a pile of twenty pound notes which would be more than enough to pay for the breakfast, she rushed out of the restaurant completely ignoring the paparazzi, her phone still pressed to her ear. \"Lance, quickly take me home.\" Cordelia ordered upon slamming the door. \"But-\" \"Now!\" Cordelia snapped in an urgent tone. \"Right away, Miss. Scott.\" Lance replied bowing his head. Lance had barely finished pulling up to the house when Cordelia opened the door, stumbling out and making her way quickly up towards the house. She burst quickly through the front door glancing around in search for her father. \"Daddy?\" Cordelia called out hopefully. But there was no reply. She had called out several times where she searched around the entire grand house but there was still no answer. Finally she burst into the dining room where she found her mother, Ofelia and her aunt Alicia sat but there was no sign of her father anywhere. \"Cordelia!\" Alicia gasped rising from her seat and beaming at her niece. \"Why, haven't you grown up since I last saw you!\" She said looking Cordelia up and down. \"Where's daddy?\" Cordelia asked quickly, completely ignoring Alicia. \"He said he'd be here.\" Cordelia went on her voice trembling slightly, she could feeling her eyes beginning to tear up but she refrained herself from crying as best she could. She would not allow the tears to spill over. \"Cordelia, sweet heart.\" Her mother started softly. \"He's not here is he?\" Cordelia asked her voice still shaking, partly from sadness and partly from anger. \"Cordelia, please sit down.\" Her mother went on in a kind soft voice. \"Your father got an urgent call and had to leave, he wanted to stay sweetie, honest he did.\" Ofelia had got up from her seat, helping guide Cordelia to hers, hoping that she wouldn't run away and hear what her mother and aunt had to say. Cordelia stared at the two of them coldly waiting for one of them to speak. \"If you could make it quick.\" She snapped. \"Cordelia, don't speak to your mother that way!\" Alicia retorted equally as cold as Cordelia, who glared at her aunt. \"I will talk to her any which way I like.\" \"Cordelia, please just hear me out.\" Her mother said softly taking lightly hold of Cordelia's hand from across the table. Cordelia immediately pulled her hand away narrowing her eyes upon her mother. Her mother looked hurt by Cordelia's actions but continued none the less. \"Daddy and I were thinking...you've been getting a lot of bad press lately and we were just thinking maybe you'd like to repair your reputation a little bit...\" Cordelia stared at her mother across the table. \"What does that require me doing exactly?\" Cordelia asked slowly. \"Bernard Marchand has been so kind as to -\" \"Stop right there!\" Cordelia cut across her mother. \"If this has anything to do with Theo Marchand I want nothing to do with it!\" Cordelia said getting up from her seat and barging past Ofelia. \"Cordelia, wait please!\" Her mother called rising from her seat to follow. \"Catherine, leave her, she'll come around.\" Alicia sighed, preventing her sister in-law from going any further. \"It is no use chasing her darling; it's what she wants you to do.\" Alicia explained, gesturing for Catherine to retake her seat. As she did Catherine placed her head in her hands. \"I just don't know what to do with her, Alicia.\" Catherine confided, pulling out a white handkerchief and dabbing her eyes. Alicia patted Catherine on the back, trying her best to comfort her. \"I try so hard but there's nothing I can do to stop her. Roger and I thought sending her away to Le Rosey would help but she seems to be worse.\" \"You're both to soft on that girl, that's the problem.\" Alicia told Catherine sternly. \"She needs to learn who is in charge and you have to show her that you are the authority.\" Catherine nodded in response, blowing her nose. \"You're right Alicia, absolutely right! Cordelia, is going to Paris whether she wants to or not.\" Catherine said getting up she paused as she reached the door. \"How can we be sure that she goes?\" Catherine asked thoughtfully, Alicia smiled. \"Oh, I'll make sure she does.\" Alicia told Catherine confidently. Cordelia sat on her bed, admiring the gorgeous necklace her father had bought for her, before her parents had divorced. The necklace was decorated with large blue polished sapphires each one surrounded by small polished white diamonds. The entire thing was worth a fortune not just in value but it meant a lot personally to Cordelia. She placed it delicately back into it's case and placing it into a much higher security case, which could only be unlocked by the sound of Cordelia's voice saying the correct password. \"Cordelia, darling.\" Alicia said in a pleasant voice upon entering Cordelia's room. Cordelia glared at Alicia as she made herself comfortable. \"I don't believe I invited you in.\" Cordelia spoke coldly. \"Oh, don't be ridiculous, Cordelia.\" Alicia said admiring the furniture and all of Cordelia's belongings as she made her way around the large room. \"Why, that necklace is absolutely exquisite, it would be absolutely perfect.\" Alicia said taking a closer look at the necklace sitting neatly in it's case. \"Perfect?\" Cordelia asked confused. \"Perfect for what?\" \"Oh, yes of course we haven't told you have we?\" Alicia said with a small laugh while Cordelia stared at her aunt with a confused look upon her face. \"You were much to upset to listen to your mother weren't you?\" \"Out with it!\" Cordelia snapped irritably. \"You'll be going to Monte Carlo, and you're going to donate to charity.\" Alicia informed Cordelia, who looked as if she had just been slapped in the face. \"It's the least you can do on the family's behalf, after all you have been giving us a bad name. So as I was saying, that necklace will be a perfect donation on your part.\" \"No!\" Cordelia yelled closing the case containing the necklace. \"I'll go to Monte Carlo, but you cannot take my necklace!\" Cordelia said hotly glowering at her aunt Alicia. \"Now, now, Cordelia, don't be so selfish. You're going to Monte Carlo whether you like it or not and your necklace will be up for donation and all in the name of charity. Your father will be proud.\" Alicia explained with a small smile, leaving the room without another word. \"Mother, you do not need to escort me to the airport, I can get there myself.\" Cordelia told her mother through gritted teeth. Cordelia was not happy about having to go to Paris in the first place but her mother and aunt had insisted so Cordelia was going to try. \"I just want to make sure you get there safely.\" Catherine told her daughter lightly, brushing back Cordelia's hair, to which her daughter shook her off. \"Well I don't need you to baby sit me!\" Cordelia snapped in an irritable voice. Catherine immediately set her hands in her lap, turning her head away from Cordelia to make sure she would not see the few stray tears leaking from her eyes. Catherine cleared her throat before she spoke again. \"Your father and I are proud of you, for what you're going to do for the children.\" Catherine told Cordelia, but Cordelia appeared not to have been listening, she was watching as the town went by it seemed to be more interesting than what her mother had to say. As the Rolls Royce pulled up to London Heathrow a small crowd of paparazzi was waiting from them. Cordelia groaned at the sight of them slipping on her expensive designer sun glasses. She waited for Lance to open the door for her before stepping out into the blinding flashes and noise. As usual the paparazzi called out to Cordelia begging her to answer their questions or to give them a smile. Cordelia never did smile for the paparazzi, they followed Catherine and Cordelia through Heathrow causing on-lookers to stare and point. Cordelia ignored it all, she was very used to that sort of thing although sometimes it bugged her a great deal. Then it also gave her a sense of up most importance, anyone else around her was inferior to her, nobody cared about them because all they wanted to know was about what Cordelia was doing. \"You will be good, won't you darling?\" Catherine asked as they reached the terminal gates. \"Yes, mummy, of course.\" Cordelia said without looking back. \"Aren't you going to give me a kiss good-bye?\" Her mother asked, Cordelia paused for a moment, turning to her mother, her mouth half open as if she was about to say something. No words came out for a few moments as Cordelia was thinking about what she was about to do or say. Her mother was standing there looking expectantly and the paparazzi were still snapping photographs. \"I will call you when I get there.\" Cordelia said slowly. Turning away from her mother and the paparazzi and walking briskly through the terminal. Upon her arrival to Paris, Cordelia was met by a tall dark Frenchmen who assisted Cordelia to her hotel. L'Hotel Grand Belle where Cordelia stopped at the counter waiting to be served. Cordelia cleared her throat impatiently while the young man behind the counter dressed in a smart black suit fumbled around behind it. \"I have a room booked here for the night and there should be a package waiting here, under the name of Scott.\" Cordelia informed him in a bored tone. She narrowed her eyes on the man who stared at her blankly for a moment. \"Hurry up! I want my package and room key!\" Cordelia ordered, the man jumped ducking behind the counter in search for the package. Cordelia rolled her eyes while waiting for the man, resting her head on her arm. She was bored and tired of waiting. \"Miss. Scott, I am af-raid zere iz no package.\" The man said popping up behind the counter after a few minutes of searching. \"Check again!\" Cordelia commanded her patience was wearing thin; she didn't even want to be in Paris in the first place. After another five minutes or so had passed the man appeared once again unsuccessful after thoroughly searching through everything behind the desk. The man held up his hands telling her there was nothing more he could do. Cordelia stared at him frowning, her head still resting lazily on her arm. \"No ticket, no itinerary?\" She inquired wearily. \"I am sorry, but zere iz no-sing.\" The receptionist told her with a shrug. Cordelia narrowed her eyes on the man who looked at her helplessly. She opened her mouth as if she was about to say something before closing it again and taking a deep breath. \"Then how do you propose I travel to Monte Carlo in the morning?\" Cordelia asked finally. The entire thing was becoming tedious; it had been a long day for Cordelia. \"Zis I do not know.\" He replied holding a telephone up to his ear, Cordelia rolled her eyes as he began to speak in French speaking into the receiver. \"Bonjour? Oui, j'ai Cordelia Winthrop. Scott est ici à la réception. Elle à demande un paquet, mais il semble que ce n'est pas pas arriver. C'est très important parce que ca contient son billet et l'itinéraire pour se rendre à Monte Carlo.\" Cordelia continued to frown at the man at the desk as he tried his best to help Cordelia. \"Oui, merci. Au revoir.\" He smiled weakly at Cordelia as he put the phone down. \"Zey are sending some people zat can 'elp.\" Cordelia was still not impressed, shaking her head and scowling. Soon a short squat older man arrived apologising repeatedly to Cordelia. \"Mademoiselle. Scott – Miss. Scott.\" He said stumbling over his words nervously as Cordelia glowered at him from cross the desk. \"I explain to you, no sign of package.\" He said quickly looking quickly around and under the desk. Cordelia let out a long sigh leaning over the desk closer to the two Frenchmen. \"Does anyone here speak English?\" She asked. The receptionist and the manager glanced at one another each wearing a confused look upon their faces. \"Zis is English we are speaking.\" The shorter man said in response. Cordelia said nothing picking up her handbag that was sitting on the desk beside her and walking away swiftly taking and quick backward glance. She immediately pulled out her phone and calling her friend Victoria as she headed through the main lobby to the bathroom. \"It's me Cordelia.\" She said opening the oak wooden door and strolling into the bathroom with charcoal black walls that was surrounded by large grand looking mirrors. \"Yes, I'm still in Paris.\" Cordelia informed her friend Victoria over the phone while nonchalantly glancing down and examining her nails. \"Mothers, forcing me to go to some charity thing, to repair my rep.\" Cordelia explained as she set down her black Prada bag on the smooth polished marble surface. She had hardly taken any notice of the two women standing at the sinks either side of her. \"Oh, I don't know Polar bears, hungry people.\" She continued while admiring herself in the mirror and adjusting the silver necklace hanging around her neck. \"Where are you?\" Cordelia asked Victoria while taking a glimpse at her watch quickly and looking once more into the mirror to fix the crisp white jacket she was wearing. \"Majorca? Hm, If I leave now, I can catch a flight and be on the beach by the morning.\" Cordelia took no notice of the two older women staring at her, too busy with her conversation. \"No, I won't even check out.\" Cordelia shrugged. \"Mummy, will think I'm off doing her errand, by the time she works out that I'm not there, or here…\" Cordelia paused in mid-sentence while glancing at the woman on her right, who refused to make eye contact with Cordelia. She then glanced at the woman standing on her left who was also eyeing Cordelia. \"Let me call you when I get to the airport.\" She said glancing swiftly at both of the women. \"It may take a while, it appears to be raining…\" She said picking put her bag. \"Quite hard.\" She finished, turning her back on the two women who stared at her as she left. \"That's her!\" One whispered excitedly. \"Cordelia Scott.\" \"Yes, yes, but one problem...she isn't going where she's supposed to be going, what do we do now?\" The other asked nervously. \"We'll have to inform Mr. McQueen that she won't be arriving in Monte Carlo on schedule!\" I promise that this story will get more exciting, especially by the third chapter at least I hope. If anyone has any suggestions feel free to pm me or review, they're most welcome. I love to hear feed back, whether it's telling me what you like or even what you didn't like.[Chapter 3] Hey readers, sorry it's been so long. I had to finish my crossover story before I could continue with this one. So I hope you like this new chapter you meet my OC character Daniel who is 'depicted' in my imagination as Taylor Lautner so I hope you enjoy it! Chapter 3 – Monte Carlo Cordelia arrived at the French airport with nothing but the bag she was carrying. She would be able to buy new clothes in Majorca when she needed them. As she reached the desk she cleared her throat to get the attention of the woman sitting behind the desk. The young woman, dressed in a royal blue uniform glanced up at Cordelia. \"I want a ticket for the next flight to Majorca.\" Cordelia told her. The woman immediately began typing on her computer, only looking up to tell Cordelia that the passengers were already on the flight and that she would be unable to board the aircraft. Upon hearing this information Cordelia lost her temper. \"Do you know who I am?\" Cordelia growled, narrowing her eyes on the young woman, who shook her head slowly. Cordelia reached into her bag, pulling out a tabloid with herself on the cover and setting it in front of the woman. She glanced at it, her eyes shifting up to Cordelia. \"So?\" Cordelia urged impatiently. \"So, I cannot 'elp you...\" The woman paused for a moment reading the cover of the tabloid. \"Miss. Winthrop.\" Cordelia scowled. \"It's Scott.\" Cordelia corrected the woman irritably, who simply gave a shrug in response. Cordelia took a few moments to herself to think about what she was going to do. She could either go back to the hotel or she could wait for the next flight to Majorca. Finally Cordelia had reached her decision. \"When is the next flight to Majorca?\" \"Thirty minutes.\" The woman told her. \"WHAT?\" Cordelia exclaimed angrily. \"Why not just set me up for that flight in the first place?\" She asked her temper beginning to boil. This woman was playing her. \"Just get me a ticket.\" Cordelia demanded placing her head in her hands. \"First class.\" She added. Cordelia landed in Majorca early the next morning. Completely exhausted she approached the front desk. \"I want a suite.\" Cordelia informed the man in a tired voice. He immediately got to work, only minutes later handing her a room key. Upon entering her room, Cordelia was much too exhausted to examine it, falling backwards onto the crisp, clean bed. The soft bed and it's pure white sheets engulfed her as she sunk into a deep sleep. The following morning Cordelia was awoken by her phone ringing. Still half asleep she answered it, wiping the sleep from her eyes, looking around groggily. \"Hello?...Yes, Victoria, I'm in Majorca.\" Cordelia answered, rising from the soft bed and making her way to the bathroom as she spoke. \"I'll meet you for some tea in about an hour, then we can go to the beach.\" Cordelia told her friend, still trying to wake herself up. Cordelia took a shower, applying a fresh set of make-up and pinning her hair up as she usually did. She rarely wore it any other way. As Cordelia entered the restaurant she spotted her good friend Victoria, who was sitting alone at a table for two. Victoria had gleaming brunette hair, which fell into perfect ringlets at her shoulders and large, beautiful green eyes with perfectly long lashes that curtained them. She was the envy of many girls, including Cordelia. Not only because of her good looks, but Victoria's parents were still together and were much more lenient with their daughter. Victoria was sipping a cup of tea elegantly when Cordelia entered. Spotting Cordelia, she set the tea down on its saucer and smiled at her friend. \"You're late.\" Victoria told Cordelia, as she glanced down at the designer watch on her wrist. \"You can't expect me to look this fabulous right out of bed.\" Cordelia retorted as she took a seat opposite Victoria. \"You do look absolutely fabulous, darling.\" Cordelia nodded her head signalling for the waiter, so that he could take her order. \"When did you arrive?\" Victoria asked, curiously taking another sip of tea. \"Six o'clock this morning,\" Cordelia replied. \"The way I was treated last night only enforces my hatred for the French.\" Cordelia snarled irritably. \"Surely it can't have been that bad.\" Victoria replied uncertainly. \"But maybe you shouldn't be so open about your hatred for them, they may read it.\" She advised. Cordelia let out a laugh, shaking her head at Victoria. \"Most of them don't even know who I am.\" Cordelia admitted gritting her teeth. Cordelia and Victoria spent the next two days lounging around on the beach, in and around the hotel. They had been approached by many handsome young men of their age but Cordelia being Cordelia simply turned them away without a second thought. In her mind none of them were good enough for her. \"You're so cynical do you know that, Cordelia?\" Victoria said one afternoon after Cordelia had turned down yet another date offer. Cordelia inclined her head in her best friend's direction giving her a small smile. \"I don't go for just any man, Victoria,\" Cordelia replied nonchalantly, turning back and making herself comfortable on the sun bed. While Victoria let out a laugh, shaking her head. \"I've never seen you go for any man!\" Victoria exclaimed, making sure to put an emphasis on the word 'any'. \"Well…in exception of Theo Marchand.\" She added playfully. At this Cordelia's head snapped back in Victoria's direction, she ripped off her designer sunglasses and glared at Victoria. \"That was purely for the press!\" Cordelia snapped. \"Not that you would know anything about that sort of thing.\" Cordelia added with a sigh, slipping back on her sunglasses, before leaving Victoria who stared at her without saying another word. Daniel sat alone in his bedroom, playing video games. This was pretty much all that Daniel did in his spare time when he wasn't at school or his father was not teaching him how to fight, that was of course when his father was around. Daniel was the captain of the school wrestling team and quarterback on the school football team. He did his best to capture his father's attention and make him proud. \"Mom says dinner is ready!\" His little brother called. \"Scram you little -\" Daniel growled. \"Mom! Dan is gonna swear at me!\" His little brother grinned smugly at his older brother before running down the stairs into the safety of the kitchen where his mum was serving up dinner. Daniel followed down moodily as he usually did, trudging down the staircase. Daniel had short black hair that was gelled up at the front. Large brown eyes, he was strong and well built for his age and was of Native American descendant. \"Daniel, what did I tell you about swearing at your brother?\" He was greeted by his mother. Daniel said nothing muttering under his breath as he collapsed into a chair beside the table. He sat without uttering a word when he heard a voice in the next room, the obvious voice of his father. Daniel immediately sat up in his chair. \"When did dad get home?\" He asked eagerly. \"Nobody told me.\" His mother smiled graciously at him as she walked over from the kitchen counter, carrying a steaming hot plate of delicious looking food and set it in front of him. \"Only just.\" She told him, turning her back to him and fetching another plate of food. \"Is he staying long?\" Daniel asked curiously. \"Why don't you ask him yourself?\" His mother smiled, as she took a seat, as she did this Daniel's father entered the dining room, smiling at his two sons and his wife. \"Ah, nothing I like better than a home cooked family dinner.\" He said cheerfully as he took a seat at the table with the rest of his family. \"Dad, where have you been this time?\" Ben, the youngest of his sons asked enthusiastically. \"London, England.\" His dad replied with a mouth full of food. Ben stared at him admiringly and complete awe. \"Did you meet the Queen?\" He asked excitedly. At this Daniel let out a snort of laughter, earning himself a glare from his mother. Their father simply chuckled and shook his head. \"How long are you staying?\" Daniel asked. His father paused for a moment, glancing up at Daniel briefly. \"I don't know.\" He replied uncertainly. \"We've…had a slight error and things haven't gone as smoothly as we had planned, but only a few days until we get back on track.\" He said giving his family a small smile and swiftly turning his attention back to his food. After dinner Daniel had retreated back up to his room to play some more video games. He didn't come back out until he desperately needed a drink during the middle of the night. He was careful to be as quiet as possible, sneaking down the staircase so as not to wake anyone else. He got himself a glass of water and as he was walking back to his room, he passed his fathers office, where he could hear his father whispering frantically. He edged closer, listening intently to what is father was saying. \"You found her?...She's back in Monte Carlo?... Does she have the necklace?... What do you mean you don't know?... I'll be there as soon as possible, I'll take the next flight to Monte Carlo.\" Daniel bolted away from the door as his father put down the phone and came out of his office. While in his room Daniel thought to himself questions were exploding inside his brain like fireworks. Why was his father looking for a girl and was he after her necklace, was it so valuable? A few minutes later he heard the sound of his father leaving and approached the window, watching him as he got into his car and drove away. This was not unusual, he had disappeared in the middle of the night many times, but nobody had ever known what for but Daniel was determined to find out. He crept into his father's office, which was usually out of bounds to anyone, but Daniel didn't care, his father was no longer there to catch him out and he was determined to find out what was going on. He rummaged through his fathers documents, all on different sets of expensive looking jewellery and rare stones and diamonds alike. In each article many had been reported stolen or missing only weeks after. Daniel opened the document lying on his father's desk. The article was an extract from a British tabloid on a girl, a very beautiful girl in Daniel's opinion, Cordelia Winthrop. Scott. You'll all be surprised to know that Cordelia Scott is not at it again. Oh no, she is not part of the latest scandal this time whether it is setting her roommates hair on fire, driving without a license or simply hooking up with Monte Carlo's hottie. No this time it seems Cordelia is trying to re-build her image and heading back to Monte Carlo, reports say not to be hooking up with her cute French beau but for a charity event for Save the Children and the Marchand Family Foundation. She is set to be donating a multi million pound necklace, made of diamonds and sapphires. Isn't that generous of her? We're sure that isn't all she's going for, Theo watch out, your British beauty is back in town! Daniel put down the article, his eyes scanning over various other information on Cordelia and her necklace, when he finally found a set of notes that seemed to be a plan of sorts. As he read through it he learned that his father was not only planning to steal the necklace but to hold Cordelia for ransom to get money from her family. Daniel dropped the documents sprinting to his room and picking up the receiver while dialling nine, one, one. He paused for a moment, how could he even explain this to the police? Nobody would believe him and there wasn't enough time. Quickly he decided to pack his bags, grabbing his passport and money that he had saved for his college tuition fee while pocketing the notes his father had left. Cordelia arrived in Monte Carlo during the late morning on Friday, rolling up at the Hotel de Paris, in Monaco, she stepped out to hear the shouts of paparazzi and flashing of cameras, she frowned sighing to herself. \"It never stops.\" She muttered to herself irritably, while body guards did their best to with hold the paparazzi from getting too close. She walked briskly into the hotel, pushing her way through the revolving doors and through the chic marble lobby finally reaching the front desk. She stopped in front of it, looking expectantly at the receptionist through her dark sunglasses. He looked up cheerfully at her. \"Oh…Mademoiselle. Scott\" He said smiling at her. Cordelia did not look at him as he said this, staring down at the screen of her Blackberry at the text she had received from Victoria. \"Room key.\" She uttered dismally, looking up at him as she said it, his smile faded and he looked at her. \"Faster.\" She added equally as dismal and with no hint of politeness. He slowly fumbled around behind the front desk searching for her key, his eyes still fixed on her curiously. She shook her head disapprovingly while staring down at her phone as he continued to take his time and look for the key. She decided to call Victoria, as he finally managed to find the key handing it to her. \"Follow.\" She ordered the small man who was carrying all her bags of designer clothing that she had just bought. She made her way up the carpeted marble staircase while talking to Victoria. \"What you said in Majorca was out of hand.\" \"Cordelia!\" A French voice called, it was Theo Marchand who chased behind her as she climbed the stairs. \"Hold on Victoria.\" Cordelia groaned, pulling off her sunglasses and turning to face Theo who looked at her mesmerised for a moment. \"Yes?\" Cordelia asked. \"You're late!\" He said in a matter of fact voice. Cordelia stared back at Theo for a moment, pursing her lips. \"I'm here aren't I?\" Cordelia pointed out. \"Now if you don't mind. \"But the auction!\" Theo interrupted, Cordelia glared at him turning to get into the lift. \"I said I'm here aren't I?\" She said sighing and lifting her phone back to her ear. \"Forgot how I hate the French!\" She told Victoria irritably. \"So impatient I tell you.\" She stood in the lift with the man carrying her bags, her phone still pressed to her ear, as the lift door opened and she stepped out. \"Shanghai? Well can you wait for me?\" She asked stopping where she stood. The man carrying her bags eased around her swiftly, smiling nervously at her as he did. Cordelia sighed as she followed him down the neat corridor. \"Ugh, just this auction I've got to deal with.\" She paused as they reached her door. \"Do you suppose-\" She stopped when the man backed into her, she narrowed her eyes at him. \"Do you mind, watch where you're going!\" Cordelia spat crisply. \"Après vous…\" He said nervously allowing Cordelia to pass. She entered quickly. \"Hold of Victoria my mother is calling.\" Cordelia said while rolling her eyes as she stood glancing around the first room that she had entered that contained polished wooden floors, marble pillars and two comfy looking couches facing opposite one another, turning to the man with her bags who smiled at her. \"I was meant to have a suite.\" She informed him. His smiled faded slightly as his eyes shifted around the room while her eyes stayed fixed on him looking him up and down, expecting him to say something. \"Put those in there.\" Cordelia commanded, referring to her bags and signalling towards the white doors that lead to the bedroom. \"Wait! Wait!\" She said throwing down her designer hand bag and sunglasses and marching towards the curtained double doors that led out towards the terrace. She opened them briskly stepping out. \"Daddy is supposed to be here isn't he? I don't see his boat.\" Cordelia said looking out into the distance towards the harbour, a feeling of sadness filled Cordelia but she sucked it up before continuing. \"Well then where is he?\" She demanded. \"He's in Meknes?\" Cordelia asked her mother after she had answered \"But you said-\" \"Mademoiselle?\" The man said nervously in a small voice. \"Hold on…\" Cordelia said in with a bothersome tone as she turned back and entered the suite where the man stood. \"Yes?\" She asked, they stared at one another for a few moments, until Cordelia finally spoke. \"If you have finished you may go.\" Cordelia told him. He stared at her still and then looked past her wearing a confused frown, but Cordelia took no notice. \" If you have finished you may go.\" Cordelia repeated, this time with more of an emphasis, they looked at each other again for a few brief moments until Cordelia turned away heading towards her bedroom. A few moments later she continued her call with her mother. \"Yes, I'm here mother, so unfair, I never get to see my friends, I never get to do what I want.\" Cordelia spoke into the receiver in a calm almost hard-done-by voice. \"When is it going to be my turn?\" She asked with a sigh before putting down the receiver without her mother being able to answer. She reached for an apple that had clearly been bitten into previously. She scowled dropping the apple into the bin below. \"Miss. Scott…\" Cordelia looked up turning to face the foreign voice, where she was confronted by three men, two of which that seemed immensely strong in their build and one slightly smaller man, who stood pointing a gun directly at her. Cordelia stared down the end of the barrel of the sleek metallic weapon. She gulped but did her best to act cool. \"What is it that you want from me?\" Cordelia asked coolly staring intently into the smaller man's eyes. \"I think, Miss. Scott, you know exactly what I'm here for.\" The man replied. \"I think, Sir, I would not be asking that question if I knew.\" \"Do not play games with me Miss. Scott! Where is the necklace?\" The man demanded, the gun still pointing directly at Cordelia's chest. Cordelia said nothing starring at him for a moment. \"It is downstairs.\" Cordelia lied, in fact the necklace was locked in its case in her room, but she was not about to give it up so easily to these thieves. \"Tell us how to get downstairs, without getting caught.\" \"Or what?\" Cordelia asked glaring at them. The man cocked the gun. \"Or I'll shoot you!\" He growled. Cordelia's eye widened as he said this, she could not panic at a time like this, if she yelled for help they'd probably shoot her, if she told them nothing, truth or lie, they'd shoot her. \"So…do you have anything to say?\" He urged. \"No.\" Cordelia answered, it seemed his patience was growing thin, but Cordelia knew very well that he was not about to shoot. \"You're not even going to beg for your life?\" He asked in a confused voice. \"Sir, I'm British, the British do not beg!\" Cordelia boasted defiantly. \"Besides…if you shoot me now you'll never get to the necklace.\" She added triumphantly. \"She has a point boss.\" One of the bigger men said. \"Shut up!\" The smaller man with the gun snapped. \"Your insolence is beginning to try my patience Miss. Scott.\" He said gritting his teeth. \"Tie her up and put her in her room, gag her if you must.\" At that moment the two larger men seized hold of Cordelia, who kicked and screamed at them as they dragged her away. \"I'm going to find out where the necklace is.\" He informed them before leaving the suite. \"You will never get away with this!\" Cordelia snarled as the two men finished tying her arms and legs to a chair. \"My father will have your heads for this and that a guarantee.\" The man laughed gagging her so that she could make no more noise. \"At least that's one thing that comes with a guarantee.\" One of them chuckled. \"You stand guard outside; I'll be in the suite…not that she'll be going anywhere.\" \"Hey, excuse me, is Cordelia Scott here?\" Daniel asked Theo, upon entering the Hotel de Paris. \"Yes, ze little monster is upstairs…getting ready for ze auction.\" Theo answered in his aristocratic French accent. \"You are here for ze auction?\" He asked Daniel looking him up and down curiously, he was not dressed suitably for the event. \"Actually…I'm here to see her.\" Daniel answered. \"Do you know where I could find her, which suite?\" He asked curiously. He noticed his father stepping out of the elevator, he seized hold of Theo pulling him in front of himself to ensure his father could not see him. \"What are you doing?\" Theo demanded pushing himself away from Daniel and starring at him with an alarmed look on his face. Daniel ran up the stairs slipping into the lift before it closed. He sprinted onto the first floor he came to and ran through the halls searching desperately. Many well dressed men and women stared at him as he passed, exchanging disgusted looks. He did this on three more floors until he reached the fourth floor, as he stepped out of the elevator he noticed a large man standing outside one of the doors. He approached him, walking casually down the corridor, his heart was racing as he drew closer to the large man. \"Excuse me, is Cordelia ready for the auction, they are eagerly awaiting her arrival downstairs.\" Daniel lied, his heart was pounding as he spoke, but he was determined not to allow his nerves to get the better of him. Inside the room Cordelia heard the voices, trying desperately to make a noise but the gag made it literally impossible. \"She has already left for the auction.\" The man answered to Daniel. Cordelia tried her best to struggle against the ropes that bound her to the chair, jumping around, causing herself to eventually fall backwards. Daniel and the man heard a loud thud. The man turned and unlocked the door, Daniel seized his chance punching him with all the force he could, causing the man's head to bounce off the back of the door frame. The man fell to the floor with another loud thud. \"Quiet in there, or I'll inform McQueen of your lack of co-operation!\" A voice on the other side of the door called. Daniel ran over to Cordelia who was lying on the floor, she was still tied to the chair and gagged. Daniel took off the gag pressing his fingers to his lips to signal to Cordelia for her to be quiet. \"I'm here to help you.\" Daniel whispered. \"You're Cordelia aren't you?\" \"Yes, now for goodness sake, help me out of here!\" Cordelia hissed in a demanding tone. Daniel immediately obliged, untying Cordelia and helping her to her feet. \"We have to get out of here now.\" Daniel told her in an urgent voice, taking hold of her arm and trying to pull her out of the open door. \"Wait, no!\" Cordelia hissed. \"The necklace, they want the necklace.\" She ran to the closet where her luggage was stacked in an orderly pile, one on top of the other, a sliver high security case sitting on the very top. Daniel meanwhile dragged the larger man's unconscious body into the room, out of plain sight of the rest of the hotel. Retrieving the necklace Cordelia joined Daniel in the corridor. \"Now come on, Miss. Scott we have to go, it's not safe for you here.\" So what did you think? Now we're going to be moving away from Monte Carlo and its going to be my original story. So I hoped you enjoyed the first chapter. ^-^ ","Summary":" I've been waiting for this category for ages, so I jumped at the chance to post but of course I had"},{"Movie":"Battleship","Title":"The Day Trip 99p 128","Author":"stephenc384","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12533347","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey all, my name is Stephen I am from the UK. I have recently had published my action adventure novel for all readers aged 14+. It is called The Day Trip, it is book one of four. I am very grateful to Black Rose Writing in the USA who have traditionally published my book and kept the story as I wrote it. So many thanks to Black Rose Writing. I am known as one of their cinematic writers, I write at a fast pace and keep the story flowing. The Day Trip is about a small group of American High School Pupils who are on a trip to Manhattan with their senior year group. While visiting the city an alien task force who landed the night before landed in New York begin an invasion. From there it is a fight for survival. Bradley Harrison is the lead character, him and a small group must fight their way through Manhattan to an evacuation point which has been set up by the US military and national guard. But the girl who he loves is kidnapped by the invaders and Bradley is determined to get her back. That's all I am going to say. So below I have put Chapter One, and the intro to Chapter Two in for you to read and come to an understanding of my literature and the way I describe a scene in my own wording. Many people ask me how I put scenes together, and the answer to that is \"music\". When I am writing a specific scene to any of my books I switch the music over. Mainly film soundtracks. Resident Evil is a brilliant series I use when writing. Anyway enough of me chatting now. The Day Trip is the name of my book, it will not let me leave a URL lik. Please, please, please do not buy \"The Field Trip\" that is being sold illegally with another company that has shut down. Also I love connecting with my readers, below is my author page and twitter names. I hope you enjoy reading The Day Trip, my publishers are doing a 99p / $1.28 sale on Amazon Kindle right now. Many thanks again (Contact me I don't bite) S W Cheshire Chapter 1 A green, five-foot- six tall Armazoid named Gremlon stared out the front of his dropship window. He was an average interstellar pilot away from home on a ship mainly used for troop transport. Moderate sized and dull, the ship had two atomic engines at the back capable of propelling them through universe quicker than the blink of our eye. They were on Planet Sygonia, which is approximately eight point nine trillion light years from Planet Earth—very far away. \"Where are they?\" Gremlon snapped. \"They should have called in by now.\" The situation was tense. Comlon, his co-pilot, looked onto the radio stand on the avionics compartment of the ship waiting for the call. Ibregorg, the only other crewman aboard, looked pointlessly into the foliage for anything that could appear and pose a threat to their position. The dense shrubs surrounding the ship made it hard to see into the distance. \" This is Strike Force One calling Armazon three-one-six.\" Gremlon jumped to attention and saw Comlon sit straighter in his chair. \"That's them,\" Gremlon yelped. \"Answer it!\" \"Go ahead, Strike Force One,\" Comlon stated. \"What is your status and estimated time of arrival?\" There was a short pause. \" ETA four minutes, Armazon three one six.\" \"Power up!\" Gremlon said. \"We are out of here.\" Comlon fired up the atomic engines, and three minutes later watched as the strike force team came from the huge shrubs and bushes, chased by the tribal inhabitants of Sygonia. The gangplank was down—all the troops had to do was run fast and get on board. Alas, they were being shot down one by one by the vengeful Sygonians. Gremlon watched as the sprinting group slowly dwindled as they got closer and closer to the awaiting dropship, the foliage around them swaying with the force from the engines. He stared in disbelief. Colleagues he had known for years were perishing right in front of him. Nowhere in the universe had they come up against such an invincible force of creatures. Apparently, the Armazoids couldn't contend with their tribal nature and ability to unite and strategize. \"Come on!\" Gremlon gasped. \"Come on!\" Only one Armazoid from the strike force remained. He sprinted out towards the safety of the dropship, grasping the weapon he did not have time to recharge and use. Gremlon watched as this last remaining member of the strike team was shot in the back. The body froze, as the blood from his body ran out of his back. Eyes wide open, staring at the Armazoid Dropship, he slammed into the ground, knees first. Gremlon started running towards him. \"Cover me!\" he shouted over his shoulder. \"What?\" Comlon gasped. \"We haven't got time.\" Comlon watched as Gremlon dived out the back of the ship. Comlon had his back and opened fire onto the incoming Sygonians—there was no comrades left standing that he could possibly hit—while Gremlon dove onto the ground near the soldier. The soldier was panting from pain. His voice almost a whisper, he said, \"It is in my pouch.\" Gremlon knew he wasn't going to make it. He pulled a small disk out the pouch of his dying comrade. He looked down as the green blood ran out of the body. He didn't have the time to say goodbye, which added to the anger he felt. \" Gremlon! \" Comlon screamed at the top of his voice. Gremlon leapt up, sprinting back to open hanger of the dropship. He and Comlon shut the hanger door and ran to the control room. The atomic engines were at full power and ready to roll. Gremlon grabbed onto the stick in front of him, lifting the ship of the ground. He pushed the two power throttles forward. \"Hold on!\" he screamed. The nose of the dropship leveled out as it reached cruising altitude. He looked down at the blips on the radar, showing several dots following their own. The Sygonian ships were chasing after them. \"Get the burners on,\" Gremlon yelled. \"They are right behind us!\" \"Won't be a minute,\" Comlon replied. \"They're still powering up.\" Gremlon looked down onto the computer screen. The rays from the chasing Sygonian ships fired onto them as they powered away from the planet. He tried to dodge them. \"Ready!\" Comlon yelled. But before he could activate them, one of the rays hit the engines. There was a small explosion at the back, but the dropship continued to move upwards. Gremlon looked down at his screen as the afterburners continued to fire up. Finally, a blue ray zoomed from the back, blasting the ship forward—luckily they were still working. The Sygonian spaceships could only watch as the Armazoids craft disappeared into the depths of space. Gremlon lay back in his seat as the silver light of the stars passed the main front window. \"That was close,\" he said, relieved. \"You guys okay?\" The two Armazoids nodded, stunned by the sudden fire fight they had just got into. They were lucky to be alive. \"Let's assess the damage,\" Gremlon ordered. \"To see if we can make it back to base with this data.\" Comlon and Ibregorg stood up to take stock of the state of their ship. Gremlon stayed on the helm, but looked up when his two crew-men came back quickly. \"It should be okay until we get back to the ship,\" Comlon said. \"Hopefully.\" He sat down in the co-pilot seat of the dropship and looked out as they sped through the galaxy. He noticed a huge yellow star in the center of their present galaxy. \"How far have we travelled?\" he asked. \"About seven point nine trillion,\" Gremlon replied. \"All that for this!\" Comlon said remorsefully, gesturing to the small disk with the valuable data in Gremlon's hand. \"I knew Iennae and Blapau for years. It should have been me on that raid.\" \" Hey,\" Gremlon snapped, looking Comlon straight in the eyes. Comlon looked at Gremlon, his eyes wide. \"Don't you ever let me hear you say that again,\" Gremlon yelled. \"Those two signed up to defend our motherland, our home, our Armazon. Their deaths will not be in vain, I can promise you that!\" The back of the dropship went unusually quiet. Suddenly, an explosion from the back rocked the ship. The nose of the ship lowered. Gremlon grabbed onto the stick, pulling back. It was a struggle, but it pulled out. Alarms were screaming at him to act. \"Now what?\" Comlon asked. Gremlon looked up at his computer. He watched as the left atomic engine started to shut down. They would never be able to make it to the mother ship. Light smoke started entering the cabin of the ship. There was a sudden surge. He continued looking at his computer as both the engines flared up. \"Declare an emergency,\" Gremlon said. The ship started to slow down as Comlon switched on the radio. On the main ship still light years from them, Circo, the leader of the first attack force, stood in the control room, trillions of miles away. \" This is Comlon,\" the radio mumbled. Circo stormed over to it. The signal was weak. \"Comlon, this is Circo. Can you hear me?\" he asked. There was a short break. \"Yes, only just,\" Comlon replied. \"We have been hit and are unable to reach base.\" \"Comlon—\" started Circo. The radio went completely dead. Gremlon looked up as the smoke filling the cockpit grew thicker. The radio was dead, and the ship had sustained too much damage. He scanned the radar, looking for a place or a planet to ditch the craft. Sparks flew out of the radio. But something caught Gremlon's eye as the ship banked to the left. He saw a medium-sized planet coming into view. He stared through the windshield at the lumps of blue and a funny looking green color that covered the planet. It was their only option. \"There,\" he yelled. \"There!\" \"I heard you the first time,\" Comlon replied. Gremlon was pointing at Planet Earth. He looked at the curious planet as it grew in their view screens. He turned the ship and headed directly towards it. Sparks continued to rain down from the ceiling as the instruments and system gauges started to fail one after the other. The planet filled their view as they continued to slow down with the loss of engine power. The nose of the ship heated up as they entered the planet's atmosphere. Gremlon pulled the control stick back, straining the craft's hydraulic system to try to slow the descent. The two other Armazoids could only sit and watch as the flames sped over the ship, adding to the heat from the burning engines, and the craft gently rocked from side to side. The orange flames and plasma trails disappeared from the ship. Dense, jet-black smoke poured from the back of the engine. Comlon looked out of the window as they continued quickly dropping from the sky. \"What is this place?\" Gremlon demanded. \"I, I don't know,\" Comlon replied. \"How high are we?\" Gremlon asked. \"We are just over five thousand feet above it. We've got maybe two minutes of glide time before we crash,\" Comlon replied. Something else caught Gremlon's eyes. He looked to his left to see two black jets pulling up next to them as they continued descending towards the ground. \"What the hell are they?\" Gremlon asked. The two other Armazoids walked up to the window and looked out as the ground continued to get closer and closer. One of the black jets pulled in front of the dropship, gently rocking its wings. Gremlon followed the black jet over the land. He looked out to see a long strip in front of them, approaching as they passed through five thousand feet. \"Sit down,\" Gremlon ordered. \"This is going to be rough this landing.\" The two other Armazoids sat down as Gremlon reached out and pulled down the landing gear lever. The landing gear came down as the airstrip came closer and closer to them. The wind drag it created helped slow the ship for the landing. The two black jets continued accompanying them towards the threshold of the runway as they descended. Gremlon grasped hold of the control stick and pulled the nose up as the back gear slammed into the ground. The black fumes continued piling out of the aircraft. The speed brakes opened on the top of the wings as the nose gear touched down onto the runway of the huge military airstrip. The end of the runway was getting near, and the dropship had started to slow down, but they were still going too fast. Gremlon felt the nose wheel start to creak. He held on tight as it touched down, skidding along the rest of the runway. The scraping echoed around the cabin as the ship. Luckily it helped to slow them down to a stop. The onlookers at a military base in Yenisei in northern Russia, around 300 miles from the Siberian border, gawked as the alien spacecraft stood on the runway, nose gear collapsed. No signs of life could be seen. Gremlon slowly lifted his head up and peeked out of the window, which already had a dusting of snow settling on it. He didn't know what to expect. The life forms slowly started walking towards them, armed well. \"What the hell are those things?\" he asked in a shocked and confused voice. Comlon walked to the front of the ship. Still shaken from the crash, he stared at the gray uniforms and wide hats. The weather outside was freezing, and snow started to obstruct the view of the beings moving toward them. Gremlon pulled himself together. \"Prepare to disembark—now!\" Gremlon ordered. As the Armazoids prepared to leave the ship, the life forms completely surrounded them. Gremlon looked down at his computer. He pushed the tiny emergency button, which signaled their location to the mother ship light years away from their current position. He also took the time to assess the area outside him via his computer readouts. They reported very high levels of carbon dioxide and very low temperatures. \"Suits,\" he ordered. \"Carbon dioxide out there and lots of it.\" \"We're going out there?\" Comlon asked in a shocked voice \"Got a better idea?\" Gremlon replied, looking into his eyes The group got into their suits, looking at one another apprehensively as they prepared to go outside. \"Hide the data,\" Gremlon ordered, waving the disk in Comlon's face. \"What?\" Comlon asked. \"Just do it.\" Comlon took the disk and hid it in a flap under the floor. They armed themselves, ready to fight to the death. Gremlon looked at his two comrades as he pulled the red lever. The bay doors slowly hissed open. The smoke poured in from the outside. It was extremely cold. \"Here goes,\" Gremlon said. Gremlon walked out first, uncertain of what to do first. There was another group of natives approaching dressed all in white. \"What do we do?\" Comlon frantically whispered to Gremlon, clearly panicking. Gremlon didn't say a word. \"Now!\" Comlon yelled. \"Wait,\" Gremlon shrieked, trying to prevent the fight. Comlon fired onto the men, followed closely by Ibregorg. Their purple rays zapped through the air, mostly slamming harmlessly into the snow, but one hit a man dressed in gray. The men in gray began to run and shout, finding cover and firing back at the Armazoids. \"Shit,\" Gremlon yelled as he dove behind the ships's cargo door. He watched from his position of relative safety as Comlon and Ibregorg, his only two remaining crewmen, fell to the ground, riddled with bullets. He knew he would have to surrender, but the fate of Planet Armazon rested in his hands and on that disk. Gremlon dropped his weapon onto the floor. He stood up slowly, looking at the people as they walked slowly towards him, clutching their weapons. Two of the men placed him in a strong plastic bag. Gremlon felt his body being tightly compressed as he was lifted and placed on a metal table. He struggled to get out but the straps were too tight. He trembled as he wondered where on earth he was going. Volkov Radoslav, the Russian Premier, woke to a banging on his door. His eyes slowly opened to the heavy knocks. His head burned from the warmth of the heaters. He sat up slowly and rubbed his eyes. He got out of the bed and walked across the red carpet toward the front door of his room. He found himself looking at his assistant, Stanislav. \"Sorry to wake you, sir, but there has been an incident,\" Stanislav said quietly. Volkov paused for a long moment before speaking. \"Okay. A minute please.\" He dressed slowly, wondering what on earth had happened for him to be woken up so early in the morning. The sun had started to come up over the horizon of Moscow. Volkov walked out of his bedroom and down to his office. He sat down as three of his military top generals waited to speak to him. He looked at his white coffee cup on his desk as he sat down and noticed the lack of steam. \"Okay, bring me up to speed on the situation,\" Volkov demanded. One of the generals stepped forward. \"Sir,\" he said quietly, \"an alien spacecraft has crashed at our Yenisei air base.\" Volkov didn't say a word. He wondered if he was still asleep and if this was just a dream running through his head. \"An alien spacecraft,\" he repeated. \"Yes, sir. Crash-landed a few hours ago. We only just got the message.\" There was a silence in his office. He looked up at the clock. \"Did anyone see what damaged the ship?\" he asked. \"No, sir,\" his general said. \"It flew in from the north already smoking and crashed at our air force base there. We managed to guide it in.\" \"Did any living thing emerge from the craft?\" Volkov asked. \"Yes sir,\" The general replied. \"Three of them.\" \"Did they offer any resistance?\" Volkov asked. \"Yes. Two were shot and we have one at Area 52,\" the general said. \"Has he tried any type of communication with you?\" Volkov asked. \"No, sir,\" his general replied, \"but we are working at it.\" \"Okay,\" Volkov said. \"I want a media blackout on this. No one is to know—only us.\" \"Understood, sir.\" Chapter 2 Three months later. If you asked Bradley Harrison to write about himself and what was important to him, this is what he would say: We used to be the typical boys, running around with toy guns, shooting at enemies and, of course, not to forget the aliens. You know what I mean. So we had the practice. Who was to know that one day all that pissing around would have been needed on a normal day like today. My name is Bradley. Bradley Harrison. I'm your average, everyday teenager. Love women and have my mind on one thing only. You guessed it: gun clubs and martial arts. Of course, you know what else I mean. I was born on the 2nd August 19.99. So nearly eighteen. Let me introduce you to some of my friends, and to make things better, the enemies too, who are going to have a different view of me after today. Meet Kevin, my longest running and most loyal friend. I have known him since kindergarten. He has a great brother called Will who has joined the US Army. Then we have Max. Nice guy, the best sniper shooting at the local gun club. He has had more bull's eyes than I have had hot dinners. And of course we leave the best man till last. Meet Eric. Yes, Eric. Mind you, Eric did help us out a lot when the Armazoids were invading, but he isn't the sharpest tool in the toolbox. But we all love him very much. Now to the others. Kate is my childhood sweetheart, and Lisa is Kevin's. To this very day we are trying to get in their pants. I didn't just say that, did I? But haven't had much luck since—well, you get what I mean. Now to the fun people. Ms. Hogan, our form tutor. Has had it in for me ever since I started high school. I don't know it's one of those things, but she has a little side-kick named Colin. If I said boo to a goose he would tell her. So there you have it. However, a normal day trip to the Big Apple is going to change the way they viewed life as they saw it. The Day Trip Stephen Cheshire Twitter: S_W_Cheshire Instagram S_W_Cheshire Facebook Author Stephen W Cheshire ","Summary":" Hey all, my name is Stephen I am from the UK. I have recently had published my action adventure nov"},{"Movie":"Battleship","Title":"Un dernier regard","Author":"Nanthana14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12897600","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Je ne possède rien du film et encore moins du jeu ! Cette fic se passe au début du film et explore les sentiments et le ressentit d'Alex alors que les aliens viennent de les attaquer et qu'il assiste impuissant à la mort de Stone et qu'il se retrouve commandant du Saint Paul Jones. En espérant que cela vous plaise Bonne lecture PS : Au fait j'ai commencé à faire du tri et à remettre de l'ordre dans mes publications en faisant une sorte de table des matières dans mon profil alors n'hésitez pas à y faire un tour ;) ... Un dernier regard Que faire de sa vie ? C'était une question qu'il s'était posée longtemps et souvent. Il aimait boire, les jolies filles et se la couler douce… Un peu trop selon son frère qui ne cessait de lui répéter qu'il devait se trouver un vrai job et commencer une nouvelle vie. Alex avait du mal à écouter Stone, il aimait le principe de vivre au jour le jour. Sa rencontre avec la belle Sam, six ans plus tôt, avait tout changé. Il avait fait l'idiot une fois de trop pour la séduire… Oh, ça avait marché, elle était le soleil de sa vie, celle avec laquelle il voulait fonder une famille et vieillir, celle dont il avait décidé de demander la main à l'amiral une fois qu'il en aurait le courage… Mais, pour le moment, il se retrouvait là, enrôlé avec son frère dans la marine. Il avait râlé pour la forme, protesté, mais au final, il était heureux de le suivre. Il admirait Stone, sans être capable de lui dire, mais il l'admirait. Il voulait qu'il soit fier de lui, même si comme souvent, il était sur le point de tout gâcher… sur le point de se faire virer de la Marine… et de le décevoir, encore une fois… La fois de trop s'il en jugeait par son énervement. Un énervement qui n'était pas retombé, le blessant profondément. Après ça… Après ça, ils avaient regagnés leurs bateaux pour démarrer les manœuvres et tout lui avait échappé… Ces maudits appareils avaient débarqué, les enfermant dans le champ de force avant de déclencher les hostilités… Avant qu'il expérimente la puissance de leur bouclier, se retrouvant projeté par l'onde de choc… Il avait était étourdi, sorti de l'eau par Raikes, mais ce n'était que le début d'un cauchemar qui le hanterait toute sa vie. Il n'avait pas compris ce qui se passait réellement, ce qui se jouait, avant que les choses ne deviennent plus sérieuses. Avant qu'ils émergent leurs armes de l'eau et qu'ils ouvrent le feu à leur tour… Que pouvaient-ils bien faire sur ce canot qui refusait obstinément de démarrer ? Pas grand-chose, à part observer avec terreur ce qui se passait… Leurs armes ne semblaient pas efficaces, pas assez en tous les cas et quand le Sampson se fit frapper, quand les explosions s'enchaînèrent, Alex frémit… Pour la première fois, il eut peur et pour la première fois, il ressentit des regrets… Des regrets pour ne pas avoir été un meilleur frère, des regrets pour ne pas avoir dit à son aîné à quel point il l'aimait, car les avaries étaient de plus en plus nombreuses sur le destroyer et ce fichu bateau qui ne démarrait toujours pas. Ce fut à ce moment que la porte sur le pont s'ouvrit et que Stone jaillit à l'extérieur. Il avait des coupures sur le visage, mais il allait bien du moins pour le moment. Il était essoufflé, un peu perdu et Alex paniqua parce que Stone n'était jamais perdu et paniqué… Il était solide comme un roc… Il savait toujours quoi faire, quelle que soit la situation… Il avait pris soin d'eux depuis qu'ils étaient orphelins, depuis qu'il avait commencé à se comporter comme un con… Il l'avait porté à bout de bras, tentant de l'arracher à sa spirale autodestructrice et là… Là, il avait l'air perdu et paniqué… Alex tourna la tête vers les hommes avec lui. Le bateau ne démarrait toujours pas. Alors, il se redressa. Son regard accrocha celui de son frère, toujours débout sur le pont. Ils auraient eu tant de choses à se dire… Il aurait tant voulu être là-bas, prêt de lui… Le serrer dans ses bras pour lui demander pardon d'avoir gâché sa vie, mais il était bloqué ici. Les mines ennemies se plaquèrent sur le Sampson , le criblant littéralement. Stone sursauta avant de chercher une dernière fois le regard de son frère et Alex eut l'impression que son cœur était sur le point de s'arrêter. Le canot accepta enfin de se remettre à fonctionner, mais il était déjà trop tard… Trop tard pour le rejoindre et Alex ne put rien faire à part assister à l'explosion du Sampson et regarder les flammes avaler une partie de son âme. Un cri jaillit de sa gorge. Un cri qui fit mal et le terrassa. Ce n'était pas possible… Leur dernière discussion ne pouvait être cette dispute ridicule… Il était son grand frère. Il aurait dû lui dire à quel point il l'aimait… Pendant quelques secondes, il se sentit chanceler… Les larmes montèrent, mais il parvint à les ravaler et à tenter de garder une voix stable pendant qu'il ordonna à « Beast » Lynch de le ramener sur le Saint Paul Jones . Le trajet fut pesant est silencieux. Il regardait bien la surface de la mer pour espérer voir des survivants, mais il y en avait aucun… Comment quelqu'un aurait pu survivre à l'Enfer qui venait de se déchaîner ? Non… Alex devait bien se faire une raison… Il était seul maintenant… Stone était mort et l'espace d'un instant, il se dit qu'il aurait dû être là-bas pour mourir avec lui, sauf que, il avait mieux à faire… Un but venait de naître dans son esprit et le faisait bouillonner de rage… Il allait le venger… Quels que soient leurs agresseurs, il allait leur faire payer… ... Quand Alex posa un pied sur le pont du Saint Paul Jones , il était encore étourdi par ce qu'il venait de vivre. Les sentiments s'entrechoquaient dans sa tête. Il était à la fois furieux, blessé et effondré, mais il ne devait pas le montrer… Il devait tenir bon… Pour Stone, pour venger sa mort. Ses jambes le portèrent jusqu'au pont et ce fut là, dans la panique ambiante qu'il comprit soudainement que ce bateau se trouvait maintenant sous son commandement, qu'il était le plus haut gradés à avoir survécu et qu'il devait prendre la direction des opérations. Un frémissement de stupeur le parcourut. Il n'avait jamais pris de décision de toute sa vie… C'était Stone qui les prenait pour lui, parce que les siennes n'étaient jamais les bonnes… Mais c'était lui qui devait trancher maintenant et son envie de vengeance était la plus forte. - On fonce dans le tas… Drôle de premier ordre, mais il reflétait bien son état d'esprit. - Vous êtes sûr ? - Vous vouliez bien un ordre ? - Oui, mais… - C'est un ordre ! Nous allons venger la mort de mon frère et de tous les marins du Sampson … Les hommes hésitèrent, puis se lancèrent dans la manœuvre pendant l'attaque continuait au-dehors. Le Myoko de Nagata était pris pour cible à son tour, mais ça, il ne pouvait pas dire que cela l'intéressait… Nagata n'était qu'un idiot, celui qui allait le faire renvoyer de la Marine… Il ne s'intéressa pas à son combat… C'était à lui de venger son frère… Plus rien ne comptait à part la vengeance… Même s'il devait mourir… Il ferait tout pour se venger parce qu'une seule image restait bloquée dans sa tête : le regard perdu et apeuré de Stone cherchant à croiser celui de son petit frère quelques secondes avant de mourir… Alex ne perçut pas tout de suite ce que lui disait Lynch. Il fallut qu'il le secoue pour le sortir de sa torpeur, pour lui faire comprendre que des hommes du Myoko était à la mer et qu'ils devaient les secourir… On ne pouvait pas abandonner un marin pour un combat déjà presque perdu. Alex avait frémi et finalement, il avait décidé, pour le moment, de laisser filer sa vengeance… Le temps viendrait, il fallait juste qu'il se montre un peu plus patient… Ce n'était pas son fort en règle générale, mais pour son frère, il était prêt à attendre. Dans un brouillard un peu étrange, il se retrouva sur le pont au milieu des plaintes des blessés et de l'odeur du sang. Ses marins continuaient à faire monter à bord les soldats japonais blessés et épuisés qui avaient pu se sauver avant que leur bateau ne se fasse couler. Alex tituba en comprenant réellement toute la portée de la situation. On les avait attaqués… Il y avait des morts et des blessés… Il n'y avait pas que Stone… Il y avait tous les autres et surtout, surtout, il y avait ses bâtiments qui n'avaient rien d'humains… Non, les films en jouaient, mais au final, ils n'étaient pas seuls dans l'univers et ces autres venaient de décider de les tuer. Alex frémit et chancela… Lui était seul… Sans Stone pour le guider et le soutenir… Comment il pourrait s'en sortir ? Comment pouvait-il s'imaginer commandant de navire ? C'était ridicule… Il n'était pas fait pour ça… Il n'avait pas les épaules assez larges. Un vertige accompagné de nausée faillit le terrasser et il quitta rapidement le pont, cherchant un coin pour se cacher et réfléchir. Il se laissa tomber assis et lutta contre ses mains qui tremblaient de plus en plus. Il ne pouvait pas… Il ne pouvait pas assumer cette responsabilité. Il n'avait rien d'un commandant ! Il n'était qu'un parfait imbécile qui avait gâché sa vie et pourri celle de ce frère qu'il aimait tant et qu'il venait de perdre… Il ne pouvait pas assumer ce rôle… Il ne saurait pas prendre les bonnes décisions. Il finirait par mener tous ces hommes à la mort. Non, il ne pouvait pas le faire… et puis, alors qu'il était prêt à renoncer à tout, une voix résonna dans la petite pièce. - Si vous ne le faites pas, qui le fera ? Alex frémit et redressa la tête… Il venait d'avoir l'étrange impression que Stone aurait pu lui dire la même chose… Alors… Alors, il ne pouvait pas se laisser aller à la dépression et au chagrin… pas maintenant… Il poussa sur ses jambes pour se relever, ignorant la manière dont ses muscles protestèrent et hocha doucement la tête. - Allons-y… ","Summary":" Je ne possède rien du film et encore moins du jeu ! Cette fic se passe au début du film et explore "},{"Movie":"Battleship","Title":"Old School","Author":"theoneandonlylordmonkeyknight","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12323842","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own Battleship or anything associated with it. I am a force to be reckoned with. But I am outdated and obsolete. I fought at Iwo Jima. I fought at Okinawa. I remember the sailors, young and old, experienced and fresh-faced. I felt their emotions, their feelings, their desire to win. We won. The Enemy surrendered aboard my deck. Now I sit in Pearl Harbor as the next generations walk my deck and learn my history. A sailor comes along here and there, remembering their fight. Now new sailors come with old sailors. I feel them as they move through my architecture. Areas that had been sealed off are reopened. They light my engines. They prime my batteries. I head out into the ocean once more to face a new Enemy. The new Enemy has better weapons and tactics than the old Enemy. We give them their own personal Armageddon. I am outdated and obsolete. But I am a force to be reckoned with. I am the U.S.S Missouri. I am a BATTLESHIP . This is meant as a tribute to the USS Missouri and every single person who ever served aboard it. You have done so much more for your country than I could ever hope to do. God bless you for your service, and thank you. Thank you for protecting us from those that would do us harm. -theoneandonlylordmonkeyknight ","Summary":" I do not own Battleship or anything associated with it. I am a force to be reckoned with. But I am "},{"Movie":"Battleship","Title":"Just a dream","Author":"LadyLionheart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9527787","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Italics are memories, regular is the present. Melissa smiled as she leaned back against the swing back, glancing over at the man sitting next to her, shifting to snuggle into his side. \"I'm nervous about tomorrow.\" Stone smiled slightly as he looked down at the woman curled up into his side, pressing a kiss to her dark hair as he looked out at the dark waters of the pacific. \"Why?\" \"Because you're going out there without me. \"Melissa said turning her head to look up at the blond, shifting to take his hand in hers, resting it on her stomach. Even if it wasn't obvious yet, there was a small bulge there. \"I wouldn't want you out there anyways. Besides, you have wedding plans to finish. \"Stone smirked glad that he had a legitimate excuse to be skipping out on those last minute wedding things that he knew were going to be a hassle. Looking down at his pregnant fiancée he shifted his hold on her, pulling her closer, despite knowing he'd miss her, he didn't want her out there during the war games. Melissa was quiet as she let Sam fix her hair, neither woman needing to say what the feeling in the air was. Glancing up at Sam as the blond came around in front of her she shook her head. \"Don't bother with makeup, I'll just be crying it off. \"She muttered glancing towards the window, vaguely amused that the church they'd chosen was within sight of the ocean, even on dry land, Stone couldn't stand to be far away. \"Are you sure? \"Sam looked down at the woman, holding the brush in her hand before stepping back to set it down on the sink. \"I am.\" \"Are you ready for the wedding? \"Sam laughed as she walked with the woman into the restaurant, her almost sister in law was the perfect match for the oh-so-serious Stone. Even if she knew Stone could be fun, could relax, he was more given to seriousness and Melissa's mix of teasing and seriousness was perfect to offset her soon to be husband. \"Mostly. I just have to go pick up my dress. \"Melissa said smiling as she sat down starting to nibble on her food. \"What about you? Hopper's done a number on your own wedding plans.\" Sam shook her head a little looking serious before sighing.\" I know…this is the one time, Stone won't be able to bail his ass out.\" Melissa studied her before wincing a little as she realized she shouldn't have brought it up before tilting her head, deciding to change the subject. \"How's work going?\" \"Oh, not so bad. I get a new patient today, and it's going to be interesting.\" \"You don't have to do this alone. \"Sam said as she slipped a arm through Melissa's, stepping out into the sunlight, blinking quickly even as she put on a pair of sunglasses. \"Yes, yes I do. \"Melissa swallowed hard as she slid on a pair of slim glasses, her heart aching as she thought about it, remembering Stone putting them on the dress to pack, and never picking them up. Tensing a little as she looked around her, she quickly dried her eyes before heading towards where everyone was waiting, smiling up at Hopper as he slipped a arm through hers. \"There's such a thing as being too strong, and he'd hate that I let you do this alone. \"Hopper muttered in answer to her questioning look. Both flinching as they heard the 21 gun salute going off in the silence of the graveyard. Melissa was waiting for them when they arrived. She'd known they would be coming. There was never any doubt. After all, she knew Stone the best of any of them. Had known even before the news had announced it. Opening the door she looked startled for a moment as she realized who they'd chosen to deliver the news. Staring at Hopper and Admiral Shane she swallowed hard as tears filled her eyes, because here were the two men who knew Stone best in the world, she guessed it shouldn't surprise her that much. \"Melissa…\"Hopper started before trailing off, holding out the letter he knew she suspected they'd brought, and every military wife knew what it was when you had a Admiral showing up on your doorstep. Melissa's fingers closed around the letter, but didn't bother to read it, starting to laugh. Not like she was enjoying it, but that high hysterical laughter of a woman pushed too far. \"Well, it's a good thing we already have the church isn't it? \"She muttered around her giggles, clinging to Hopper as he wrapped his arms around her. Melissa sobbed around her laughter, even as her thoughts turned to Stone. \"When you said you bought us a house with a widow's walk, I never considered I'd be a widow before a wife. \"She thought to herself the laughter drying up as she choked on her sobs. Hopper shifted his hold on the woman at his side, pressing a kiss to her hair, holding her because he didn't trust her legs to hold her up. Standing strong for them both, he shifted his hold as she spoke. Letting her do this one last thing for her almost husband, because she needed to say goodbye in her own way. \"Stone loved the sea, for the moment he'd first stepped foot in it, to the moment he died on it, he loved the sea. Said it was like a person, because you never knew when it was going to turn against you, or give you the most beautiful sight he'd ever seen. \"Swallowing hard she shuddered, tears filling her eyes. \"He said the most beautiful thing it'd ever brought him was me. There are so many things you could say about Stone. How we've all wanted to wrack him outside the head for protecting Hopper,\"A small smile quirked her lips as she glanced at her brother in law, relaxing slightly at the sad smile on his face, \"Or his respect for Admiral Shane, or the calm sense of command he gave to his men…\"She swallowed again. \"He never forgot the most important part of being a leader. That the day his men stopped bringing him their problems, is the day he failed to lead them. That if it ever happened, that they'd lost confidence that he could help them, or concluded that he didn't care. Either, he saw as a failure, and he strove to never fail anyone.\" Melissa looked around the crowd, looking at the others who were mourning the man they'd all respected and loved, not because he was a navy commander, but because he was still an ordinary man, who just happened to be a military commander. Bowing her head she said the only words that made sense to finish off a eulogy, for it was how any navy man would have made a toast, would have been as recognizable as the marine's Sempra fi \"May fair winds and following seas find you always.\" A/N:The quote about leadership comes from Colin Powell. ","Summary":" A/N: Italics are memories, regular is the present. Melissa smiled as she leaned back against the sw"},{"Movie":"Battleship","Title":"The Art Of War","Author":"iiuro","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10864947","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Art of War ( oneshot ) Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Battleship or any of its characters (I don't think anybody would want me to), I only own my words. A/N: This is my interpreting of the scene in Battleship when the Missouri takes out the alien's Mother Ship so you would not understand unless you have seen the movie; I know it's not very good but I was bored and had this idea in my mind. Critiques are encouraged and even haters as I enjoy knowing people's opinions and find Poison Pens funny. Enjoy… The water splits as the front of the 70-year-old battleship barges through ocean waters. Every member of the merged working unit of the reaming crew members of the John Paul Jones and the USS Missouri is busy throughout the entire body of the ship. Footsteps are heard everywhere as orders are being flung around: gun men are arming, navigators are scouting a vast blue and engine managers are monitoring their last minute adjustments. Then, the vessel is spotted: lurking like an iceberg, the alien ship appears around the edge of the bay. It is clear the Missouri is locked on, ready to fire at, and seen as a threat. Anxious faces stare at the large hunk of pure misfortune as it rises out the water, and the two figures at the front of the ship almost succumb to the huge wave of anxiety and bias realisation emitted from the ship...almost... Order: turn the guns the wrong way; direct our ship in a turn that could quite possibly send our situation from bad to worse. Has the Commander lost his mind all over again, or is there method in his death-certifying-madness? Slowly, the Missouri makes the turn and the crew feel their nerves breaking. Quick boys! Drop the anchor! The Commander's last order? We are all going to die …but not today it seems… The jolt is sudden; whiplash all around as the anchor hits the bottom of the ocean floor... Fire! Gun barrels burst, sparks ignite, smoke riddles the air in spirals, and debris is flung: The Art of War. The men brace for a counter attack, and the enemy obliges - retaliation is obvious. Hurtling fiery objects has become their sport, objects that have intent of destruction. Their aim is good; the targets hit their mark. Anger flares and the men feel a sudden rush of rage that their floating mass of memories is being destroyed, so the lead increases. Victory! The remnants of the alien ship bob through the waves as fire engulfs metal. However, the crew's original mission is not yet accomplished. The men scurry through the passages of the ship carrying a weight with an enormous caliber upon their shoulders. With much effort, the gun is locked and loaded, ready to fire at the given target, but shocked faces return at the sight before them: the aliens have not yet given up their attempt to destroy their conquerors. Slowly the men's faces soften to unfair realisation and the command is given to send their package toward the infested mountain. The Commander allows his men their small indulgence of victory as the bomb hits, and he stares straight at the oncoming destruction…What's this? It never hits its directed target. A surprise defense has saved them, literally sent from above: the Air Force is here. As unexpected as they arrive, the Metal Angels leave, and the crew celebrates their shared triumph. Lives were lost, friends were gained; the earth is safe and a silent warning is made: if you want domination of the planet we call home, whether you are or aren't from Earth, you'll have the USA Navy to deal with, and a 70 year old Battleship: The USS Missouri. ","Summary":" The Art of War ( oneshot ) Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Battleship or any of its characters ("},{"Movie":"Battleship","Title":"Not a Museum Today","Author":"lederra","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9296479","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Not a Museum Today Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters from the Battleship Universe they are the property of their creator and I am merely borrowing them for my own amusement and hopefully that of the reader. A/N: I had this idea floating about in my head after watching the film and I must admit I really fell in love with the film, think I've seen it about 15 times now and I kept thinking to myself what the ship itself probably felt about going to war again, not that ships can feel anything but what the hell, the Missouri was in my own humble opinion, the one true character of the film. Not much to this story I will admit but it just kept going round in my head and would not go away. So apologies in advance for the shortness of this oneshot. Summary: A POV from the Missouri herself. I remember the good old days when I first I was commissioned and the young men who strode upon my decks during the time of the last great war. So many young men some never gone to war before and some who were old hands, those were the days when the planes flew overhead and we sailed the seas in the defence of the free. Then after the war when the planes continued but instead of spitting death, they flew to keep watch on the fragile peace that the world had gained after so much bloodshed and pain. A world where the young men no longer walked my decks and I was retired to become nothing more than a floating amusement for those who came after. Often I would dream of the old adrenalin fuelled days when my existence had some purpose and I could feel the vibrations of the joy and the heartache from the living but then the unending pointlessness of never going to sea like I did in old days and I became like the old men who kept me afloat, forgotten by most but a few faithful. The young men who became old and like myself almost forgotten by a world much moved on from those days of old. When the young walked my decks all they saw was a floating museum of days long gone and then they came, the aliens and once again at last the world needed me to be what I was originally created to be. A Battleship! A/N: As I already said apologies for the shortness but this little oneshot would just not go away and I knew until I wrote it, it would drive me round the bend. ","Summary":" Not a Museum Today Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters from the Battleship Universe they"},{"Movie":"Battleship","Title":"The sequel to Battleship","Author":"pj.valadez","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10061718","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The aliens that invaded and tried to take over the Earth were defeated and the world was saved at the end of the last movie. The world was shocked by what had happened with the aliens attacking and trying to take over the world that all of the countries united to make the Earth Nations Union (ENU). The ENU took the technology that the aliens left on earth to study it and figure out how it worked. The most intelligent people in the world worked years to figure out the technology and the alien language and it took them 15 years to be able to copy it. The aliens amazingly stayed away during this time. The ENU believed it was because the signal never got back to their home planet when they tried to send for an attack on earth. The ships the ENU built used the technology that the aliens used and some technology that they invented themselves. The weapons were all nuclear and they were intended to be used to kill all the aliens. The world military assembled. People from every country all over the world all united to create a world military of people from every nation. The world military was comprised of 700 million soldiers that were all ready to fight. All of these men and women were killing machines and they all had their minds set on killing the aliens that tried to take over earth. They were all equipped with weapons that penetrated any kind of armor and the battle tactics to kill in hand to hand combat. The launch of the fleet was televised on world news and was cheered on by millions of people at the launch. The launch commenced and the ships were on their way to attack the foreign planet that was enemy number one. The soldiers all talk it up and they all start to become friends and start to form a unit. They all have one common goal and that is to exterminate the aliens. The scientist that found the planet during the 15 years of research and discovery, they had to make a higher powered telescope and launch it into space. The weapons specialists created weapons that were more advanced than anything the world has ever seen. The journey to the alien planet was three years and 8 months. It was training every day and staying in shape, constantly working on bettering themselves and trying to have fun on the side. The soldiers were glad that the ships had ways to fix their boredom. After 3 years and 7 months they were finally closing in on the planet that was going to be in all-out war. All of the soldiers were sleeping or on lookout for enemy ships. The ship was quite, the soldiers not expecting a thing. The sirens sounded and the threat of war was finally upon the soldiers. \"Battle stations!\" was blaring over the intercoms spread throughout the ships to warn the soldiers. Their commands came over their headsets and they were all scurrying to get to their respective places on the ship. They finally had a battle. Everyone was ready after waiting such a long time. The battle was against 10 alien ships. They destroyed these ships easily. It seemed the aliens underestimated the humans' fire power. The soldiers made it to the planet. The ships cleared the area for the soldiers to start fighting. The war raged on for 6 months. The aliens and the humans were worn down. The humans had seemed to have the advantage but it was hard to tell because both sides were so worn down. Then there was a day that the humans turned the tables in their favor and they knew it. The humans took the aliens mother base. The base was the main communications center for the entire alien military. They knew that was the turning point of the war and they knew that they would win this bloody warfare. The humans used the communications center to get the aliens strategies. The humans won within the next couple of months and they exterminated the entire alien race. The humans then used a weapon to blow up the entire planet and they left the planet a desolate wasteland of millions of pieces of rock. ","Summary":" The aliens that invaded and tried to take over the Earth were defeated and the world was saved at t"},{"Movie":"Battleship","Title":"Buy Me Some Peanuts and Cracker Jack","Author":"Orangeblossom","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9072660","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Buy Me Some Peanuts and Cracker Jack for Karen – Happy Birthday! Newly-commissioned Lieutenant Alex Hopper gleefully high-fived his new fellow officers as he and his older brother Lieutenant Commander Stone Hopper made their way through the upper deck concourse of AT&T; Park to their seats, joining what seemed like every member of all four branches stationed or passing through the San Francisco Bay Area until Stone gave him a not-too-gentle nudge. \"It's Memorial Day, Alex. It's not about you.\" To prove his point, he went up to an older man wearing a USS Saratoga ball cap. \"Sir, thank you for serving our country.\" He shook Stone's hand firmly. \"Thank you, Commander.\" He turned and grasped Alex's hand as well. \"Thank you, young man.\" \"It's an honor to serve, sir,\" Alex said solemnly. As they walked away Stone gave Alex a grudging nod. \"Not bad, princess.\" Alex grinned, pleased with himself. Stone rolled his eyes. They stopped for food, but Stone ordered everything, cutting Alex off whenever he tried to change things up. As they walked away from the concession stand Alex grumbled, \"I don't see what's wrong with garlic fries.\" Stone informed him, \"This is the great American pastime; it's all about tradition: hot dogs, peanuts, beer.\" Before Alex could protest about Stone's beverage preference he said, \"Seriously? Orange slices? That's not beer. End of discussion. \" As they entered the seating area Alex looked around, surprised. When they'd been down on the field earlier he hadn't really gotten a sense of the stadium, but now that they were up in the third deck he saw that the ballpark was hard by the San Francisco Bay and probably if he leaned far enough he'd see their ship docked by the Bay Bridge. It was a stunning view, almost as if the game was being played aboard ship. When he turned around to look at the stands civilian fans in their section started clapping for them. Alex waved happily and Stone touched his hat in acknowledgement. There were several rows of white uniforms towards the top of the section and Alex started up, assuming he and Stone were sitting with them, but Stone nudged him and indicated with his chin the aisle seats in the fifth row. \"Sweet!\" A fan behind them thanked them for their service, and the brothers Hopper acknowledged the thanks and the brief stories people told them — my father was in the Navy, my sister's in the Army, served aboard the Carl Vinson, son… The Giants were making the Diamondbacks look bad, scoring three runs in the first. In the middle of the second a dark-haired girl wearing a furry panda-head hat and a young woman with her blonde hair artlessly tucked into a faded baseball cap approached their row. Alex couldn't help noticing that even a shapeless Tim Lincecum jersey couldn't hide the fact that the blonde woman was absolutely slammin'. \"Officer and gentleman, Lieutenant,\" Stone reminded Alex in a stern undertone. \"Yes, sir,\" he answered automatically just as the woman excused herself and her young charge. Stone, knowing his brother, didn't take him at his word and yanked him to his feet to let the ladies pass as he said politely, \"Not at all, ma'am.\" \"Sorry for the inconvenience, ma'am,\" Alex managed. \"No problem. Just don't call me 'ma'am' anymore,\" she said, her tone more amused than bothered as she and the little girl took the seats next to the brothers. Stone shot a warning look at Alex. Out of your league. Just watch me. Flame out? My pleasure. The little girl leaned around the blonde woman to stare at the two men. \"Who are you?\" He gave her what he hoped was his most winning smile. \"I'm Alex, and this is my brother Stone. Who are you?\" \"Grace.\" \"And you are…?\" Alex asked the blonde woman, taking advantage of the opening. \"I'm Hunter.\" Before he could offer to shake her hand Grace explained, \"I got all A's so I get to go to the game with Hunter because Mom doesn't like baseball.\" Then she narrowed her eyes at him and Stone and he realized he was going to need a lot more than charm to win her over. \"Are you ballplayers?\" \"Are we…?\" He looked a question at Hunter, who asked for him, \"Why do you think they're ballplayers, Gracie?\" \"I don't,\" she insisted. \"They're wearing home white but there's no team on their jerseys. And their hats are funny.\" Alex chuckled. \"This is a different kind of uniform, Grace. We're in the Navy.\" \"What's that?\" \"It's where we work. We work on a ship, out on the ocean.\" The little girl seriously considered it. \"When you go to work, are there whales?\" \"Whales, dolphins — all kinds of fish.\" \"Whales aren't fish, they're mammals,\" she informed him. Stone, of course, had to add, \"Dolphins are mammals, too, Alex.\" Grace gave Stone a solemn but approving look, then turned to the field. And almost immediately turned back to him. \"You threw out the first pitch, didn't you?\" He nodded modestly. \"That was me.\" \"Most people can't really throw, but you threw a fastball with the bottom dropped out. Was it a sinker?\" Stone, surprised at her observation, admitted, \"Actually, I was trying for a cutter and I —\" As unobtrusively as possible, Alex switched places with Grace. At Hunter's raised eyebrow, he shrugged and explained, \"A good wingman knows when to throttle back, let the lead plane take point.\" She looked at him, incredulous. \"Did you just insult me?\" \" What? No! Did I?\" She wavered between laughter and indignation as she demanded, \"Isn't it the wingman's job to distract the ugly secondary target so the lead plane can zero in on the incredibly hot primary target?\" Sometimes, he actually was quick on his feet. \"When you have to salute your own brother you're always the wingman, even if the 'secondary target' looks as amazing as you.\" She mimed tipping her cap to him for extricating himself. \"You're good, Admiral.\" \"It's 'Lieutenant,' actually.\" \"Do I need to salute or anything?\" \"Please don't.\" They laughed and Hunter handed over a hot dog to Grace, who barely paid attention to it as she tried to copy the pitching grip Stone was demonstrating. \"Gracie, eat up or your mom will kill me,\" Hunter urged. The little girl heaved a huge put-upon sigh. Hunter held out a cardboard tray to Alex. \"Garlic fries?\" \"I would love some garlic fries,\" he said with all seriousness, helping himself. \"So while your brother was throwing out the first pitch…?\" \"I was down on the field, too. I was supposed to stand with him but I was attacked by some overgrown wharf rat — \" She gave a snort of laughter. \"That was our mascot, Lou Seal.\" \"You mean that big gray furry thing is given free license to jump innocent bystanders?\" \"He only picks on people he likes,\" she assured him. They watched as the Giants scored another run in the bottom of the inning, talking easily between batters, until Hunter considered him appraisingly. \"I'd think it'd be hard to be a baseball fan when you're in the middle of the ocean for weeks at a time.\" \"Well, I might suffer from overwhelming whale ignorance – \" She just managed not to laugh at him again. \" – but I can keep up pretty well with a ball game, even if I don't know all the players.\" He sighed. \"My game's football, so chalk one up for Stone.\" \"A little competition between you two?\" \"All on my side,\" he found himself admitting. \"Stone always knew exactly what he wanted, and I never did. For a while there I was just busy being his opposite — he flew so perfect I had to fly wild. And then he got fed up with me after I got tasered and — \" \"You what?\" Alex looked abashed. \"Yeah. Anyway, he signed me up and got me on the straight and narrow. He was right to do it, too. I needed the discipline. But now that we serve together…\" He shrugged. \"He's never had anything to prove and I do. Can't help it. Want to be like him; want to be better than him.\" \"That's pretty typical for brothers.\" Her gaze was unexpectedly warm as she added, \"But maybe instead of being a better Stone, you should just work on being Alex.\" He looked in her eyes for a long second, appreciating what she'd said, then laughed, letting the moment pass. \"Nah.\" The Jumbotron caught his eye, where two Air Force officers were waving from what looked like overstuffed recliners, having won the Ultimate Seat Upgrade. \"So how do I get my picture on the scoreboard?\" \"Besides throwing out the first pitch?\" He nodded. \"Sing the national anthem.\" \"What else?\" Hunter considered. \"A good homemade sign.\" \"That would be 'no.'\" \"If you were on club level you could make a sign, they have a place with poster board and markers and stickers and photos — \" She saw he was seriously considering sneaking down there and said quickly, \"Kidding! Just kidding.\" He grimaced at being taken in and she volunteered, \"Holding a baby in team colors usually gets you on the scoreboard, too.\" \"They have any of those for rent on the club level?\" he asked, taking the joke at his expense. \"Or, just act like an idiot between innings and hope a cameraman finds you amusing.\" \"Now that I can do.\" But before he could put his plan into action, Grace suddenly demanded, \"Hunter, where's Frodo?\" Hunter checked around them, and then sighed. \"We must have left him at the mini ballpark. We'll go get him next inning, after you've finished your hot dog.\" As Grace finally took a bite of her hot dog Alex asked, \"Frodo?\" \"Grace's stuffed Lou Seal, she calls him Frodo. We were down there before the game —\" She gestured towards the kids' play area in left field. \"— before we came up here.\" Grace actually looked scared. \"But what if something happens to Frodo?\" \"He'll be fine, Gracie.\" \"What if he's lonely? What if nobody's feeding him?\" It wasn't even as if Alex made a conscious decision; he just assured Hunter, \"I got this,\" and excused himself as he hastily made his way down to the concourse. Hunter looked over at Stone. \"Your brother — impulsive much?\" Stone just shook his head. They watched as Alex, who had seen Lou Seal on the concourse, pushed his way to the mascot's side. The big seal held out his arms as if to give him a huge hug, but at the last minute he knocked Alex's hat off, got him in a headlock and gave him a noogie. Alex managed to extricate himself and as he picked up his hat he spoke rapidly with Lou and his handlers, gesturing up to their section and pointing at Grace, who was staring disconsolately at the mini ballpark. Then Alex took off. Lou Seal came tromping up the stairs. Kids waved and yelled at him but he shaded his eyes as if searching for someone in particular. Then he pointed, and climbed all over Stone to get his flippers on Grace, who giggled with delight as he knocked off her panda hat and planted a big kiss on her cheek. When Alex finally came back up the stairs he held out a gray stuffed animal in a Hawaiian shirt. \"Hey, Grace! This your friend?\" \"Frodo!\" she cried, hugging the seal tight. \"Was he okay?\" \"He was sitting on a bench watching everybody bat. But you were right, nobody fed him, so I got him some ice cream.\" He held out a big hot fudge sundae. \"He couldn't finish it, though. Do you want to help him?\" She started to take it from him, and then remembered her manners. \"Do you?\" she asked politely. He held up several spoons. \"I think we all can help him finish it,\" he assured her. She gladly accepted the sundae. \"Thank you, Alex,\" she said shyly. \"You're welcome, Gracie.\" \"My brother the hero,\" Stone said, both teasing and proud. \"You know me, always gotta rescue something,\" he replied, sitting back down beside Hunter and handing her a spoon. He found her regarding him thoughtfully and he cocked an eyebrow. \"I like you,\" she decided. \"You didn't have to go after a stuffed seal but you did. You made a little girl happy. Thanks.\" He felt himself turning red, but he held her gaze. \"My pleasure, Hunter. Seriously.\" \"And you know what? I'm going to help you get your picture on the scoreboard.\" She dragged him to his feet between every inning and they sang along to \"Minnie the Moocher\" and punched the air for the Fist Pump Cam and boogied to \"Canned Heat\" and cheered the paddleboard race in McCovey Cove and air guitared to \"Lights\" and swayed along to \"Take Me Out to the Ballgame.\" But it seemed as if the camera operators were showing every other member of the military but Alex. After the Diamondbacks hit a home run off a gassed Barry Zito but Clay Hensley managed to hold the line and end the top of the eighth, Hunter slumped against Alex in relief. And then Frank Sinatra started singing \"Strangers in the Night.\" \"We going to stand up?\" Alex asked, still game. \"Nope,\" she said, staying pressed against his side. \"Wait for it.\" He did, and then realized it was the Kiss Cam. They all laughed as a woman refused to kiss her husband, indicating his Dodgers hat as the reason. They showed several other couples kissing, then a man and woman in Army fatigues sharing a bag of kettle corn. A cheer went up from the military in the stadium but the man and woman looked startled and the woman made a cut-off motion, emphatically shaking her head as their friends howled. Then the camera found a Navy lieutenant and a civilian in a Giants jersey sitting close. \"Yahtzee,\" Hunter said, turning to look at Alex with a challenge in her eyes. Smiling, he lifted her chin, tilted his head so their hats wouldn't bump, and kissed her. The military cheered again. \"Oh, gross,\" Grace complained. Hunter's eyes were bright as she looked at Alex. \"Worth it?\" \"Absolutely.\" After the Giants won and they had sung \"I Left My Heart in San Francisco,\" Grace and Hunter consulted briefly and then Grace told Stone and Alex, \"We're having a barbecue at my house, can you come?\" \"If you have to be back on board your ship at a certain hour — \" Hunter began. Alex traded glances with Stone, who gave him a slight nod. \"Not until midnight. And we'd love to,\" he said. Grace raced Stone down the steps to the concourse. Alex put a hand on Hunter's arm before she could follow. \"Listen,\" he said. \"Even without the whole scoreboard thing…I wanted to kiss you anyway, Hunter. And I'd like to again.\" She looked pleased and shy as she suggested, \"Maybe without hats next time.\" He took off her baseball cap and her blonde hair tumbled down around her shoulders. She reached up and removed his hat, then guided his face down to hers. \"Yuck,\" Grace declared. \"Double yuck,\" Stone agreed, covering Frodo's eyes. FIN ","Summary":" Buy Me Some Peanuts and Cracker Jack for Karen – Happy Birthday! Newly-commissioned Lieutenant Alex"},{"Movie":"Battleship","Title":"Petty Officers","Author":"GypsyPendragon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11264833","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: There was never anything in training that prepared you for giant, metal, alien balls tearing your ship to pieces. There was nothing in training that told you how you were supposed to react, or what you were supposed to do. Nope. Not a single damn thing. So petty officer Ordy didn't feel bad about the fact that he was about to see his insides all over the destroyer's metal floors, or that his heart felt like it was about to explode. No Ordy didn't feel bad about how he was panicking like a weak hearted civilian instead of bracing like a trained navy sailor. He could hear the shredders tearing through the metal of the John Paul Jones like it was paper. Hear the grinding of the shredding edges against the walls and the doors. Sailors scrambled through the halls all around him and up toward the deck so they could abandon the doomed destroyer before it was swallowed by the cold ocean waters. He could hear the shouting from the men and women, and the horrible, tearing of the alien tech. Ordy jumped down a set of stairs and took two steps toward the door to the deck before he saw the orange glow outside the small window. The screeching ripped through the metal walls like there was nothing there before the blades started to cut through the door. Ordy panicked before he turned and tried to get as far away from the raging ball of metal as he could. Just as it ripped through the door his boots slipped on the smooth floor and he fell forward. Scrambling to his feet Ordy looked back over his shoulder as the blades tore through the narrow hallway; lucky him not so quickly. He reached the door at the end of the hall before he tried to pull the locks open and get through. His hands were shaking with adrenaline and fear and he couldn't quite get the door open fast enough. The shredder was suddenly a lot closer than he'd thought it'd be and he backed up against the door in fear. The scrapping of metal through metal ground against his ear drums, and at the moment it was the most terrifying thing he'd ever heard. He startled suddenly as someone grabbed his uniform and ripped him out of the way just as the shredder rammed up against the door, only to tear through where he'd just been a moment later. Ordy rolled over to see Raikes on the floor next to him. She was yelling something at him… \"Come on Ordy!\" Raikes shouted as she got back up and yanked him to his feet, \"Let's go!\" The two petty officers moved as fast as they could through the narrow hall until they burst out onto the deck. Sailors were jumping over the edge quickly as the destroyer exploded around them; the screaming of the shredders dominating the air. The two stuck close together as they ran up the ship that was slowly starting to sink; the stern rising upward as the water sucked it under. Ordy looked around them quickly just as he saw the orange of a shredder rip through the side of the ship next to them. He grabbed Raikes and pulled her back as the ship exploded next to them. They were blown off their feet as metal and flames shot through the air around them. Adrenaline coursed through the both of them as they scrambled back to their feet; the ship alarmingly vertical all of the sudden. Raikes quickly pulled herself over the edge as Ordy followed and soon they both felt the cold of the pacific waters hit them. The salt stung Raikes' wounds but she swam back up to the surface quickly. The life boats were scattered all over as sailors jumped and swam toward them. Looking around Raikes found Ordy a few feet away from her, but something seemed off. He looked to be in more pain than a high jump into the water should have caused. She swam toward him despite the calls from the others in the boats. The heavy waves knocked her into him and instantly she felt something sharp press against her abdomen. Red flags shot up in her mind as she grabbed Ordy and looked for the closest life boat. The John Paul Jones was practically 90 degrees now, and sinking fast. The water was sucking them closer as the destroyer sank beneath the dark waves, fires littering the cold waters. Raikes suddenly realized Ordy was starting to weigh on her and she realized he was struggling to stay above water. Quickly she looked around and grabbed a stray lifebuoy and dragged it to them. Ordy held onto it along with her as they pushed themselves away from the destroyed ship just as the shredders ripped out of the hull of the destroyer and fell into the ocean. Sailors called out to each other and them, but there was so much chaos that Raikes couldn't think straight at the moment. \"Ordy! Hey!\" She grabbed her friend's shoulder when he didn't answer right away, \"Hey you okay?!\" Ordy nodded stiffly but he was grimacing. He looked like he wanted to say something, his mouth opened for a moment, but it quickly shut again as his jaw clenched tightly. Raikes looked at him as they floated there, the boats and them drifting away from the wreckage of the John Paul Jones . The red flag returned when she thought about when she'd knocked into him and quickly she shifted over closer to him. He was holding on to the buoy with one arm wrapped around it, but his other was submerged beneath the water. She ran her hand down his arm despite the look he gave her and she found where his hand was. \"Damn it Ordy!\" Raikes hissed worriedly as her hand felt the jagged edge of metal. Following the metal her hand collided with the fabric of his ABUs and she realized the shard of metal was sticking out of him. She could feel the smooth side of it and she figured it was a piece of the ship when it had exploded next to them. The two petty officers were far from the others now, and the wreckage, but Raikes' fear was quickly swelling deep in her chest. They needed to get to shore and fast. \"You gotta help me Ordy!\" Raikes said as she started kicking against the water, \"We gotta get to shore!\" \"G-Gotchya.\" He managed through his teeth as he started to help as best he could, \"We gotta, find H-Hopper!\" \"We will. But we gotta get to shore first.\" She said sternly as she set her eyes on the shore line in front of them. It wasn't hard to figure out that the others were probably going there as well; probably toward Pearl. There was no way that the two of them were going to be able to kick their way to the harbor so they'd have to settle for a regular shore line. … The world was suddenly quiet. The chaos of the John Paul Jones suddenly gone; the shouting of their crew members faded; it was almost an eerie silence. All there was, was the sloshing of the waves and the wind of the sea spray. It was strange after all that had happened recently. Raikes was painfully aware of the fact that when the water started to turn shallow Ordy had all but stopped kicking with her. As soon as her boots touched bottom Raikes let go of the buoy and grabbed Ordy. He struggled to his feet, but he was still lucid which was a good thing. He was leaning on her but she kept him up as the two of them stumbled through the waves toward the shoreline. Ordy had his left hand braced tightly against his side while his right was pulled over Raikes' shoulder. Her other hand had a firm grip on his belt as they struggled toward the shore. The waves felt like they were trying to rip his feet out from under him and Ordy was painfully aware of the hot pain radiating from his abdomen. The salt water burned and stung and all he wanted to do was pass out, but that would leave Raikes on her own and he wasn't about to do that. Not with aliens running about; no way. The pain however was growing to a level that was starting to take over his senses. \"Almost there.\" Raikes said, and he realized she had been talking to him, \"We're almost there Ord. Hang on.\" Their boots suddenly squished through the wet sand of the beach and the two all but fell over onto the shore. Content to just lie there, Ordy didn't make a move to adjust his position, but Raikes crawled over to his side and rolled him over on his back. He couldn't help the painful groan that escaped him as his muscles pressed against the shard in his side. Raikes was leaning over him now, water dripping from her hair, and the cap. Ordy almost laughed; all this craziness and Raikes still had hat on. He could feel the ocean waves licking at his boots and up his legs, as well as the grit of the sand against his hair. He liked the beach… though he had to remember never to bring Penelope to the beach again. Nope. Poor girl; he'd felt real bad about that. Ordy was broken from his random train of thought when Raikes gently slapped the side of his face. \"Hey!\" She said as her face faded into his vision, \"Keep your eyes open Ordy.\" \"Right…\" He replied to her even though he really just wanted to close them, \"You okay Raikes? Where are the others?\" \"They're good. I'm good.\" She said as her eyes traveled down to his side, \"They were in the life boats; probably headed to Pearl.\" Raikes didn't like how the waves pulled away the sand from under him, and how it pulled away red. Sand wasn't supposed to be red; especially if Ordy was the reason for it. It was all kinds of wrong to her. She had to get that piece of metal out of him, but she wasn't totally sure she had the medical ability to do it without making it worse. \"It's bad… huh?\" Ordy suddenly looked at her. She turned her attention to him again, \"Na, it could be worse. Don't be a chicken.\" He scoffed a little with a smile, \"Right. Cause I just love chicken.\" \"Shut up.\" Raikes couldn't help the tiny smile that broke across her face. \"We gotta get to Hopper…\" Ordy suddenly said, \"He's gonna need… everybody. We gotta stop the aliens.\" \"Ord you cant just run off into battle with a piece of ship stickin' out of you.\" Raikes said sternly, \"You wouldn't get very far.\" He didn't say anything as he looked at her out of the corner of his eye, \"Then you gotta go Raikes. We cant just sit here while aliens are takin over our planet. You're one of our best gunners! He needs you.\" She looked at him carefully before her face turned serious, \"I'm not leaving you here Ord.\" Ordy laughed, but a painful gasp followed soon after, \"D-Didn't know… you cared so much… Raikes.\" \"Shut up.\" She said as she looked away from him, \"Sanders.\" The pain had flared suddenly and Ordy found it was getting harder and harder to ignore with each passing moment; he wasn't going to stay conscious much longer, \"Serious, though, Raikes… you gotta go. I'm not going to be here much longer… I'm feelin' really tired.\" \"Oh no you don't!\" Raikes' attention suddenly snapped back to his face, \"You are not sleeping on me Ordy!\" Raikes suddenly brought her hands up and took off her jacket before she folded it and suddenly pressed it down against the wound in Ordy's side. He cried out painfully at the sudden pressure on the wound and his back arched up in reaction to it. \"W-Why would y-you do that!?\" He gasped as his eyes stayed screwed shut. \"So you stay awake stupid.\" Raikes said firmly, but her eyes were staring at the shiny piece of metal that was sticking out of her best friend, \"And I needed to stop the bleeding…\" It felt like hours to the two petty officers, but in reality it was only about an hour. An hour for Raikes to stare at Ordy bloody on the shoreline; an hour for Ordy to feel the pain flood through his system; an hour for his blood to taint the sand and Raikes' hands. Raikes knew that they had to get to Hopper, Ordy was right about that, but the only way was for her to pull it out and try to fashion a makeshift bandage out of her jacket. The piece seemed smooth enough on the edges; it was just the front that was jagged. If she was careful she could remove it without tearing a hole in Ordy's side. The thought made the weapons specialist feel sick. She looked up at his face and realized he was unconscious. When had that happened?! Quickly Raikes made sure he was still alive before she returned her attention back to the metal shard. It wasn't terribly big; she could wrap her hand around it. What concerned her though was that she didn't know if the rest of it was as smooth as the bit sticking out of him. If it wasn't then she would be doing more harm than good and she could quite possibly… no. She wasn't about to let that happen. Not to him. Raikes took a shaky breath before she wrapped her hand around the end of the metal. She carefully pressed her hand against her jacket just around the base of the metal and looked at Ordy. It was going to wake him up that was for sure; she just hoped she wasn't making the wrong decision. God how she was going to blow those alien bastards up. Raikes let a shaky breath go before she suddenly braced her hand and then pulled. The metal slipped out quickly, smoothly, and she was glad that her gamble was right. The metal had been smooth all the way through. As soon as she'd ripped it out though, Ordy had shot awake and screamed. It was a horrible, terrible sound that made Raikes' ears and heart hurt. His hands had instinctively gone to the wound and had over lapped her one which had been holding the jacket over the hole. She put her other hand on top of his as she tried to calm him down. \"It's okay. You're okay. It's gone.\" She said quickly, \"You'll be fine. Don't be a baby.\" The last was said with very little force behind it. Ordy wasn't sure when he'd clocked out, but he sure as hell wasn't ready to be woken up by someone yanking his nerves out of his body. At least, that's what it had felt like. He could hear Raikes talking to him, and he felt her hand slide over his, but the pain… god the pain was ridiculous. How the hell did people tough it out through movies?! Yeah they were movies… but still! His breathing came in short pants as his nerves pulsed angrily all over his body. He managed to pry his eyes open and found Raikes staring at him; the expression on her face catching him off guard. He wasn't used to worry dominating the gun-ho, strong willed, dominant weapons specialist's face. \"I had to.\" She said right away, \"We need to move, and the bleeding wasn't stopping with it in there.\" He wanted to say something, but he felt like if he opened his mouth he was going to throw up. Instantly Raikes started to refold the jacket before she used the sleeves to tie it around his abdomen; pulling the sleeves under him forcefully since he didn't have the energy to move himself. She tucked the bottom into his belt so it stayed firmly against the wound before she shifted closer to his head. \"You gotta get up Ordy.\" She said quickly as she got to her feet, \"We gotta move…\" The idea of moving was not appealing; at all. But he knew she was right, and Hopper needed all the sailors they had if they were going to stop this. He probably had some crazy-ass plan to stop the aliens already. Raikes slipped her arms under his, but despite bracing himself for the movement, Ordy couldn't fight off the wave of nausea that over took him when she yanked him upward. He had to swallow his insides as she steadied him; pulling his arm over her shoulder. She wrapped her arm around him tightly, but stayed mindful of the injury. \"I really hope we get vacation after this…\" Ordy said breathlessly as he concentrated on putting one foot in front of the other; which was turning out to be harder than he thought. \"You and me both.\" Raikes said, deciding conversation would be good to keep him awake, \"We can go get some KFC huh?\" \"W-Why?\" He hissed a little as they stumbled forward through the sand, \"So you can just… make fun of me some more?\" He was leaning on her more than she liked, and it worried her, \"You set yourself up for that Ordy. Just don't be a chicken next time and I'll pick on you for somethin' else.\" \"G-Great.\" He choked out a short laugh, \"Good… t-to know.\" The two stumbled through the sand, their boots suddenly feeling heavier than before. The silence was deafening for some reason as they finally reached solid land. The island vegetation proved to be annoying obstacles, but they managed around it despite the fact. By the timey they found any kind of pathway Ordy was leaning so heavily on Raikes she was practically dragging him. His words came out slurred now, and his grip on her arm was loosening. Each time he tripped it sent her heart up into her throat. God how far were they from Pearl anyway?! Raikes shifted his weight, trying to pull him up straighter as the area suddenly started to seem familiar. \"Ordy… hey!\" She turned her head to look at him as best she could, \"Ord!\" She cursed when she found he was practically out; no wonder he was suddenly so heavy. His head had dropped down against her shoulder and he was barely keeping his feet under himself. She shifted her hand which was wrapped around his waist and she felt her chest tighten when her fingers stuck together for a moment; he was bleeding through the jacket. \"Ordy come on…\" She choked, \"You gotta help me here. I cant make it all the way to Pearl by myself.\" He didn't answer, and it made her throat tighten. He was getting heavier and heavier with each step, and his grip was growing slacker by the minute. Raikes could feel her heart pounding in her chest, and she wanted to say it was the strain of exercise she had been doing since the damn aliens had shown up… but she wasn't stupid. She knew what it was. \"Ordy I swear to god I'll kill you…\" She said through her teeth as she started up at the sky, fighting the tears that were building. She pulled him forward despite everything however, determined to set her eyes on Pearl. Determined to make sure that Ordy saw their crew again; got on another ship. She felt like she was pulling him now. Just dragging him along; dragging an unconscious body. Unconscious because Ordy wasn't dead; he couldn't be. She refused to believe anything other than a state of unconsciousness. She could feel his heart beat against her ribcage as it vibrated through his body; hear his uneven breathing in her ear. She knew he was alive because she wasn't going to let him die. He couldn't die. She wanted him to live. She needed him to live.[Chapter 2] OH MY GOD ANOTHER CHAPTER?! Na, actually this has been sitting around for a while... I just dont know how I feel about it; it feels kind of empty to me but eh we'll see what you guys have to say if anything. I realize this was actually my first lagit fanfiction, haha. ANYWAY hope that this has been a good read for you guys! I just rewatched the movie again, and who knows, might write another one for the hell of it but we'll see. And can I be honest I had no idea there were 5 followers on this! haha. Thanks for reading though! Disclaimer: I own nothing but the story plot thing It was an uncomfortable fade in-fade out situation for Ordy. He knew that he was supposed to be moving his feet, but he couldn't really tell if they were actually moving. He knew his arm was stretched out across Raikes' shoulders, but he couldn't feel it actually being there. All in all knowing stuff and not feeling it actually happening was freaking him out a little. It felt like they had been walking for hours, but that was probably due to the hole in his side that was demanding attention. Raikes was talking to him, he could hear something like a voice, but it sounded as if it was miles and miles away from him. He was fighting just to stay conscious and he didn't like it. Raikes needed him to stay awake; they needed to get to Pearl. He couldn't just leave her on an alien infested island by herself. \"Ordy!\" The sudden shout right next to his ear startled him and he became mildly more conscious for a moment; just in time to feel the ground collide with his body. He could say he was a little more awake now as he felt himself tumbling down what he assumed was a hill. Had he tripped? What happened? Raikes suddenly was next to him, her hands gripped his arm and shoulder as she tried to get him back up, but he really didn't want to. He just wanted to sleep, just a quick nap that was all, he was just so damn tired. Raikes had been taken off guard when Ordy's feet suddenly gave out underneath him and his weight dropped on her. They'd gone down despite her attempt to keep them both up, but the sudden weight was playing against her and her own legs gave in. His name was the only thing that came out of her as the petty officers crashed into the ground roughly. As unlucky as the day had been it seemed it wasn't about to stop because the ground veered downward slightly and the two found themselves falling down the hill until they came to a rough stop at the bottom. Raikes rolled over onto her back as she hissed painfully; definitely going to get some bruises from that. She pushed herself to her feet before she remembered Ordy had fallen alongside with her. She rushed over to him and found he was lying on his side. \"Ordy, hey! Come on, come on…\" She said quick as she grabbed him and tried to make him open his eyes, \"This is no time for sleepin' Ordy!\" His eyes opened, but they were hazy and unfocused, \"Raikes? Wh're we?\" The way his words slurred together was unnerving, \"Close to Pearl. You gotta get up.\" \"I just wanna lay h're…\" He said quietly as his eyes closed again, \"L'me just sleep a little.\" \"Nope. Not happening sailor.\" Raikes said sternly as she got to her feet and grabbed his arm. Pulling with all her weight behind it she managed to get his arm back around her shoulder and pull him upward. A short cry escaped him as his abdomen stretched out again and his hand automatically pressed against the jacket over the wound. He didn't even notice how it was sticky with his blood. Raikes on the other hand did, and she had to pull her attention away from it. A new determination flared in her chest and she started off again, this time knowingly dragging Ordy with her. She was going to get him to Pearl even if she had to drag him across the whole island. \"Alright Ordy, let's go.\" She said, the tone of determination clear in her voice, \"I'm getting you to Pearl if it kills me.\" \"Hey…\" Ordy mumbled next to her, \"That's n't funny.\" \"Oh lighten up Sanders.\" Raikes said jerking her shoulders a little to adjust Ordy, \"We'll be fine.\" The two of them continued on, Raikes constantly talking to keep Ordy awake, until they finally found a road that Raikes knew. She almost laughed when they reached it, and she knew Pearl was just on the other side of the turn. She also knew that she was reaching her limits. She could feel her muscles yelling at her and trying to get her to give up. She was breathing heavier now, exhaustion coming quite quickly as if it was mocking her. So close but no energy left to make it? Seriously?! She wanted to scream. \"R'kes…\" Her name came out slurred of him, \"I don't think 'm going to m'ke it…\" \"What?\" Raikes felt her heart hammer her chest, \"Shut up Ordy, you're just being stupid.\" He managed a weak shake of his head, \"Na… you don't 've any 'nergy left. I can… tell.\" Raikes choked back the lump in her throat as she continued on, trying to ignore the burning in her calves, and the shaking in her body. She couldn't tell if it was from the lack of energy, or the worry for Ordy. \"Stop talking stupid… I'll get us to Pearl. You'll be fine. You have to be.\" She said through her teeth, \"Come on, it's the end of the world here Ordy. Aliens and everything. You cant miss it.\" A strangled laugh came from him, \"We w're in it, Raikes.\" \"Exactly. No copping out now Ord. I need you to stay awake here. You gotta make it, come on. The crew needs you Ordy. Who else is going to steer our ships huh? I need you to…\" Raikes found it was getting harder and harder to force words passed the lump in her throat, \"I need you to live.\" Ordy seemed to be fading out again, but his hand gripped her arm tighter so Raikes took that as a good sign. It was so close though, she knew it. The harbor was just around the corner but it seemed like it was days away at that moment. Why was Oahu so freaking huge? Well, all the islands were when you had to walk… The two petty officers were struggling, both their legs feeling like weights instead of limbs. So when Raikes finally saw the harbor come into view she couldn't help the strangled laugh. \"Final. About damn time.\" She growled as she shifted Ordy's weight, \"See? I told you.\" Ordy's eyes opened sluggishly as he was meet with the sight of the harbor. At the moment it was the most wonderful thing he'd ever seen. He was pretty sure Hopper was probably already putting some crazy plan into action, so they needed to find him as fast as possible. \"Let's get on base and I can fix you. I'll get you good as new.\" Raikes said suddenly feeling re-energized, \"Then we can find Hopper.\" \"Blow those aliens sky high, right?\" Ordy managed a weak smile, but it was picture perfect to Raikes. She nodded and smiled back to him, \"Get 'em for takin our destroyers, and our friends.\" THANKS FOR READING! TELL ME HOW YOU LIKED IT! -PENDRAGON ","Summary":" Chapter 1: There was never anything in training that prepared you for giant, metal, alien balls tea"},{"Movie":"Battleship","Title":"I Will Always Love You: What If's?","Author":"OCfanfiction100","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10875904","Passage":"[Chapter 1] #1: Stone Dies Amy ran up the stairs, stopping short to see the Sampson get pelted by bottle shaped explosives. \"STONE!\" Amy screamed as the Sampson blew up. Amy tore her eyes away and ran up to the command centre. \"Are there any survivors?\" She asked a sailor standing by the unresponsive monitor. \"No sir, there's not sight of any.\" Amy sucked in a breath and stood watching the Sampson burn next to us. \"What do we do sir?\" Ord asked. Amy turned to look at the sailor, collect Hopper and his crew on the water. Tell them to return to ship.\" The orders were carried out, Hopper making his way to the command centre immediately. Amy looked up at him with eyes filled with tears and pain. Hopper's face drooped with sadness before turning into pure rage. \"Full steam ahead! Those bastards killed all the men and women on the Sampson! We're getting revenge!\" \"No we are not, Hopper. Right now we need to regroup and come up with a new strategy.\" \"But they-\" \"I know what they did! But revenge isn't going to bring them back, it won't bring him back, Alex,\" Amy stated. An explosion ended the tension in the room. The aliens had bombed the Japanese ship. \"I want rescue operations under way now! I want every survivor on the deck five minutes ago, move!\" Amy ordered. After they had defeated the aliens, the full reality hit Amy straight in the face. The man she loves was gone, he was never coming back from that mission. Two weeks after the end of the invasion, a ceremony was held to commemorate the men and women that gave their lives over the course of those days and to honor the heroes. Admiral Shane stood at the podium after the gun salute. He stood straight, and listed off the names of the men and women that had died that day, in order of rank. \"And last but certainly not least: Commander Stone Hopper of the U.S.S. Sampson,\" Admiral Shane read. Members of the families of the service men and women came forward and accepted the award their loved one had earned. Recovery operations had occurred. In their operations, they had found the piece of Stone's uniform with his name on it. It was returned to Amy, as a part of the ceremony. Amy also accepted Stone's Medal of Honor. After accepting her own award, Amy stood at attention as Hopper received his award. The ceremony concluded. Amy smiled along with everyone else at the after party but left early. Driving along the small road, Amy took a turn onto a thin, dirt road. She stopped the car at a small field next to the ocean. It was enclosed by a stone wall with a clear view of the Hawaiian sea. Amy opened the gate and stepped into the small cemetery. There were only a few graves here, reserved for military personnel. Amy walked silently over to a grave next to a small sapling. Dropping to her knees, she rubbed the gravestone with her hand, reading it as she had done dozens of times before. \"Here lies Commander Stone Hopper of the U.S.S. Sampson. He gave his life for his country and will be missed greatly by his wife, brother, and family,\" Amy read, sighing lightly. She placed the flowers she had brought with her on the grave. \"You missed the ceremony, Stone. You should have seen it, Hopper got an award for the first time in his life. You'd be so proud of him, Stone. You got an award too, I have it right here,\" Amy said, pulling out the frame that contained the award. \"I'm so proud of you, Stone. So proud. I have a little present for you too,\" Amy said, pulling a small white piece of plastic out of her bag. She placed the pregnancy test in front of the grave. \"You're going to be a father, Stone. You would've been a great father Stone.\" Amy let a few tears fall before standing, kissing the gravestone, and leaving. */*/*/*/* Seven months later, Amy sat in a hospital bed, in the delivery section of the hospital. She gripped her father's and Hopper's hand tightly as she screamed in pain. Sam was rubbing her back as she screamed again, her own screams drowned out by those of a newborn. Amy laid backwards, sweat dripping down her face, a small smile placed on her lips. The nurse cut the cord and handed Amy her newborn son. Amy smiled down at the fussy infant, kissing his head gently. \"What are you going to name him, Amy?\" \"Stone Alexander Hopper Jr. after his father,\" Amy stated, rubbing the infant's mop of hair away from his closed eyes. */*/*/*/* Eighteen years had passed and Stone Jr. had grown into an extraordinary man. Graduating fifth in his high school class and star varsity goalie of the soccer were just a few of his achievements. He was the spitting image of his father, with soft blond hair and green eyes. The eighteen-year-old drove to the same field him and his mother visited every Saturday. Except this time he was alone. He walked the memorized path towards his father's grave. After cleaning it of dust and any debris, Stone Jr. squatted in front of the familiar grave. \"Hey Dad, it's your son, again.\" Stone Jr. went on to talk about his week, how graduation had gone and how his mother was. \"Mom's doing well, you know she hasn't moved on from you, Dad. She never goes past a first date with another guy, saying she's met a better one before. She's stubborn, I guess I am too. I turned eighteen today. It doesn't feel any different than being seventeen. I joined the Navy today, Dad. Just like you and Mom. I haven't told her yet, but I'll tell her at dinner tonight. I just wanted to say that I'm going to make you proud Dad. The guy at the enlistment center said he remembers you. He said you were one of the heroes that died saving the human race. He said you were one of the bravest men he's ever met. I know I've never met you, and I know that it's not your fault, but I hope I make you proud one day.\" Stone Jr. stood up and walked back to his car, driving off into the distance. A man stood behind the gravestone he had just spent a half an hour talking to. Stone Jr. couldn't see the man; he couldn't see how the man and he looked almost exactly the same, except this man was older. Stone Hopper Sr. stood in the sunlight, watching his son drive away. \"You've already made me proud, son,\" he stated. A.N. Hey everyone! This is the first one in the series. I don't know when I will update next. I have a few ideas already but feel free to add some suggestions in the comment box. Peace out, and happy holidays![Chapter 2] #3: Amy dies The USS John Paul Jones and the USS Sampson moved in parallel paths towards the unknown surface contact. Amy Hopper was running below deck, preparing the med bay for any possible sailors with minor injuries form RIMPAC exercises. As she set up a bed, someone tapped her on the shoulder. Amy turned around to see her assistant Pam. \"You're wanted on deck, ma'am.\" Amy nodded, thanked her assistant, and made her way up to the deck. As she was walking up the stairs, she was thrown to the die by the movement of the ship. She quickly jumped up and ran up the stairs to the command center. \"You wanted to see me commander?\" Amy asked. Before the man could reply, a bottle shaped explosive embedded itself right in front of the command center. Everyone stared at it as the bomb went off. Amy was thrown outside by the force of the explosion. She landed painfully and rested her body weight on her elbows, in too much pain to stand up just yet. Looking down, Amy noticed her uniform was stained red. A piece of metal went straight through her body, and blood leaked around it. Amy sucked in a breath and suddenly felt very woozy. Laying back down, she could hear her comrades rushing around her. A soldier stopped, \"She needs medical attention ASAP!\" Pam rushed over and looked at Amy's wound. Tears filled Pam's eyes as she locked eyes with Amy. \"You're going to be okay, Amy.\" \"You and I both know that I'll be dead within the hour, Pam,\" Amy replied, sucking in a pained breath. Amy grabbed Pam's hand in her own bloody hand. \"You're in charge now Pam. And when you see Stone, tell him . . . tell him . . .\" Amy started to say, but stared to fade. \"Tell him I love him,\" Amy whispered. Her limped hand fell onto the deck as the light left her eyes. A few soldiers came and covered her body, putting her body with the rest of the deceased. Five minutes later, Stone was pulled onto the ship and taken below deck to the med bay. After he was situated, he asked his attending nurse, Pam, where Amy was. \"Do you know where Lieutenant Hopper is? The one that works here in the med bay, the head of this department?\" Stone asked. Pam sucked in a breath. \"I don't know, but I'll go find out for you. Just give me a moment.\" Stone nodded and waited for the nurse to return with his wife. As he looked around the med bay for Amy, Pam ran upstairs to talk to Alex Hopper. \"Sir, I have to talk with you urgently and it concerns your brother as well.\" Hopper nodded and followed the woman into a room. Pam turned around to look at Hopper. \"Sir, Amy Hopper died before you got back. She was in the command center and a bomb hit. A piece of shrapnel hit her in the stomach and she passed away no less than ten minutes ago,\" Pam stated. Hopper sucked in a breath, and ran a hand through his hair. \"Have you told Commander Hopper yet?\" \"No sir. I didn't know how to tell him.\" Hopper nodded and motioned for Pam to lead the way back to Stone. When his little brother and the attending nurse came into his line of vision, Stone Hopper became confused. \"Where's Amy?\" Stone asked, concern lining his statement. \"Stone . . . Amy . . . she . . .\" \"Spit it out Hopper, where is my wife?\" \"Stone . . . Amy died about ten minutes ago. When a bomb went off on the Sampson, a piece of shrapnel from the blast lodged itself in her stomach. She died about a minute later.\" Stone stared up at his younger brother, eyes starting to fill with tears. \"Take me to her,\" Stone commanded. \"Commander, you're not well enough—\" \"Take me to my wife,\" Stone stated, staring up at the two people. Hopper helped pull Stone up and led him to the makeshift morgue on the boat. Stone stopped by the body of one sailor and dropped to his knees. His eyes filled with tears that overflew quickly and in mass quantity. Stone brushed her brown hair out of her face, and cupped her face with his hand. He let out a sob after feeling how cold she felt. Removing his hand, he stared at the piece of shrapnel lodged in her stomach, the blood still not quite dry. Hopper left Stone to mourn over his wife privately. */*/*/*/* Two weeks had passed and a ceremony was held to commemorate the men and women that were lost during the invasion. \"Commander Stone Hopper will accept a naval cross for his late wife, Lieutenant Amelia Hopper, who gave her life in combat against our foes,\" Admiral Shane read off, getting a little chocked up himself after reading his own daughter's name. Stone accepted Amy's award and then his own before the ceremony concluded with a gun salute. Stone didn't stay for any of the festivities and instead decided to return to his now empty home. Closing the door, he placed the awards on the table and changed out of his uniform. After changing, he went and collected the mail, returning inside. Most of it was junk mail, some bills, but one letter sent chills down Stone's spine. The medical examiner's office was required to perform an autopsy on every service man or woman that died during combat. Even though Stone had buried her a week ago, the results had just come in. Dear Mr. Stone Hopper, I am sorry for your loss. Your wife, Amelia Hopper died of blood loss and a punctured stomach. Some other things we found during the autopsy included that your wife died within five minutes from the time she was hit with the shrapnel. Also, we found that she was about one month pregnant. Once, again we are very sorry for your loss. -Medical Examiner Office Stone reread the second to last line over and over and over again, letting it swirl around in his mind until he lost it. He crumpled up the piece of paper and tossed it angrily. He knocked over a table, causing a vase to smash. Stone proceeded to punch the wall out of anger, causing a hole to form. He slapped his hands onto the wall, and slid down to his knees. He let out a sob and curled into a ball, just letting his tears run like rivers down his cheeks, his already red eyes becoming redder and bloodshot. His back tensed and relaxed as he sucked in a pained breath. */*/*/*/* Three years later, Stone Hopper died in combat. His ship was attacked by ship of marauders. After his crew had fought and captured the marauders, they found Commander Stone Hopper lying on his side with a bullet to the stomach. His last words were \"I'm coming Amy.\" A.N. I hope you guys liked it! Thank you to MissDarkBlu259 for requesting. Feel free to request what you want to read! ","Summary":" #1: Stone Dies Amy ran up the stairs, stopping short to see the Sampson get pelted by bottle shaped"},{"Movie":"Austenland","Title":"First Impressions","Author":"roothlace","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11354142","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Austenland doesn't belong to me First Impressions \"No,\" he said for the second time. His aunt, Mrs. Wattlesbrook, just continued staring at him in that way he really hated. Giving him that look which meant that he had no choice; that he was going to do as she asked. \"No,\" he said again, more weakly this time. \"Surely one of your other actors can do it.\" \"If I had an actor,\" his aunt reminded him, \"I would not be asking you.\" Henry Nobley shook his head again. \"You know how I feel about those things,\" he had certainly made his opinions about her business known to her on many occasions, \"and I can't act.\" Mrs. Wattlesbrook smiled triumphantly at her nephew, she could tell that he was weakening, that he was going to do her biding. \"That's the best part of it; you won't have to act at all.\" \"Really?\" He was surprised. \"Yes,\" his aunt was excited, \"you will be exactly who you are; my nephew.\" \"Really?\" he couldn't help but ask again. \"Yes,\" she nodded emphatically, as though it made perfect sense, \"you're well-spoken, well read, and very attractive when you put some effort into it, you'll do very well.\" \"As your nephew?\" \"Yes, you'll even get to keep your name,\" she told him. She had decided that it would not make sense for Henry to try to act at all. It would be better for both of them. He would the acting to the professionals. \"You want me to act as your nephew?\" \"Not act,\" Mrs. Wattlesbrook told him, \"you are going to be my nephew and the resident gentleman.\" She stood up to leave his flat. \"I'll be calling you with the other details. Smile, you'll look great in costume.\" \"Costume?\" \"Well, yes,\" she said over her shoulder, \"you can't walk around in Austenland wearing jeans and a T-shirt.\" Inspite of himself, Henry couldn't stop the excitement that he felt at the thought of dressing up – he'd always loved costume parties. \"Which reminds me,\" she added, \"there are strict rules that have to be followed, and I'll send them over as well.\" He fell back into his sofa after his aunt's departure and wondered why he had let her force him into her crazy schemes. He had often wondered what kind of people actually paid the absurd amounts of money his aunt asked for to get the Austen experience. Now, he was actually going to meet them and although he knew that it wrong to judge people that he didn't know or had yet to meet, but they had to desperate and really weird. 000 Henry was happy that the Austenland's library actually had some books that appealed to his taste because if there hadn't been any he would have already decked Lady Amelia Hartwright, although generally he considered himself a very peaceful man. She really was the limit and despite all his aunt's protestations that young lady had be an actress, there was no way she had been born like that. He sincerely hoped that the other women would be better than her or he would shoot himself. And then the two women had entered the room. Miss Charming was clearly well off, her dress and his aunt's introduction told him as such; but it was Miss Erstwhile that drew his attention and he couldn't help but steal another glance at her over the pages of his open book. She was simply dressed, obviously in character as a poor relation whom they had taken in, but her eyes were bright and lovely. She was certainly one of the most attractive women he'd ever met. When she spoke, he couldn't help but want her to continue doing so, her opinions were very decided and interesting; it was very clear that she wasn't acting at all. That the person he was seeing was the real her. Still, he found himself rebuffing her attempts at conversation; true he hated dancing but he could have replied in a politer manner and thinking back, he could have kept his mouth shut at dinner, but he was glad he hadn't, he'd enjoyed talking to her although they had been disagreeing about everything. He had watched in dismay as Lady Hartwright's insensitive words had made her leave the table and he wished it was in accordance with the decorum of the times in which they were supposed to be living, for him to follow her out of the room. Again, it had hit him that Jane Erstwhile was not acting at all. What had she meant about it being a shame if her first opinion of him proved correct? He knew that he generally didn't make a very good first impression but he couldn't imagine what her first thoughts of him had been. He had been polite and gentlemanlike, hadn't he? As he prepared for bed, he thought to himself that it wasn't as bad as he thought it would be – Miss Charming and Lady Amelia were annoying to be sure; Andrews was also quite aggravating but somehow Miss Erstwhile's presence more than made up for them. He found himself looking forward to the morning; this could actually turn out to be quite fun. ","Summary":" Austenland doesn't belong to me First Impressions \"No,\" he said for the second time. His aunt, Mr"},{"Movie":"Austenland","Title":"The Proposal","Author":"MichelleGunn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11173851","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is a one shot proposal scene from my story something real. ","Summary":" This is a one shot proposal scene from my story something real."},{"Movie":"Austenland","Title":"Austenland One-or-More Shots","Author":"Darcep.writes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11295553","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The scene that must have been misplaced because I know that they were not stupid enough not to film this at all. I mean really, how hard would it have been to include this?! It is one of a few things about this movie that bug me, but other than that, I am Jane. \"Ahem.\" Jane and Henry jumped apart like teenagers caught by their parents, both of their faces turning a deep shade of red. Henry looked guilty, although he was not quite sure of what it was that he was guilty for. And Jane, well, she knew she was busted. Jane's mind raced thinking of a way to explain this. Meanwhile, Molly was maybe ten feet away, tapping her foot with one eyebrow raised waiting not so patiently for an explanation. Jane looked to Henry for help before realizing that that was pointless. Why should he know of a way to explain this to her best friend whom he had never met? He shouldn't she was in this alone…. Molly was done waiting. She wanted an explanation now. Even if that meant in front of this mystery man that she had just caught her geeky, Jane Austen obsessed, introverted friend kissing. \"Jane, would you care to explain what I just walked into?\" she asked, even though her tone implied that it was not a question. \"Umm,\" Jane tried to think of a way to word this that Molly might possibly understand, but nothing came to her, \"This is Henry.\" She said awkwardly. \"Nice to meet you, Henry. I'm Molly, Jane's best friend,\" She said, giving him a tight lipped smile. \"Please to meet you Molly,\" Henry responded in his thick British accent, which Molly didn't miss, making her eyebrows shoot up again. \"Jane, did you bring him home with you?! This trip was supposed to cure this obsession of yours, show you that Jane Austen and Mr. Darcy are fictional, but instead you brought home an ac-\" \"I didn't bring him here, Molly. The trip did fix my obsession,\" Jane said, gesturing to all of the boxes of Austen adornments that used to live on her walls, piled up next to the Colin Firth cut out. \"Henry wasn't part of the package, I got stuck with the gardener, the real like Wickham, who tricked me into thinking I was getting something real. He even found me at the airport, trying to pull my back into his trick, just to make sure he could keep his job. \"Henry's aunt owns the place. She cashed in a favor when she was down a gentleman and he came out to help. I didn't know this at the time, so I treated him as Elizabeth did Darcy before his first proposal. He tried to tell me that he liked me on the last night, but I didn't believe him, thinking he was just acting. I wouldn't say that I was as bad as Elizabeth in my rejection, but still, I was so stupid. I ran off to Martin, who was acting but did a really good job of hiding it. It was as though I was Elizabeth defending Wickham to Darcy, I can't believe I was that gullible. \"When Martin came to smooth things over in the airport, Henry showed up as well. And they fought. Over me. Can you believe that I had men fight over me? Well Martin was fighting for his job, but Henry wasn't,\" Jane went on, totally forgetting that he was still standing right beside her. \"When he tried to tell me that he wasn't acting, I didn't believe it, I had just heard the same thing from Martin. I thanked him for a lovely experience and walked to my flight, suddenly over my obsession and ready to move on with my life. \"I got here, cleaned out my room, and invited you over. I heard a knock on the door and yelled for you to come in, only to see Mr. Nobly standing at my door. Saying I was shocked would be an understatement. Molly, he dropped everything to get on a plane just to return my sketchbook for me, to prove that he wasn't just acting.\" By the end of this speech, Jane was tearing up. Telling Molly all that had occurred just made it seem even more real. She looked over at Henry with pure adoration written across her face, which of course, made his heart leap. Molly was standing across from the two of them, watching the scene play out in front of her, trying to decide whether or not to trust this Henry Nobley person or not. Jane's heart was obviously involved and Henry looked to be sincere. I mean, how many guys fly across the Atlantic to return some client's sketchbook? There was certainly something to be said for that, but he did live in England, which happened to be on another continent. \"Well, I think that I will leave you two alone now, but I expect details as soon as you are alone Ms. Hayes,\" she said looking her best friend in the eye before turning around and walking out of the door. Just as she was in the hall she turned to face them with her hand on the door handle and said, \"You might wasn't to keep this closed,\" before pulling it shut. This is my first swing at an Austenland fanfiction but I have read all of the ones already on here at least once before. Finally, I gave in and wrote one myself, because there just weren't enough out there. I NEED you guys to tell me how I did on this for me to do another one. I would love to hear any ideas that you guys want me to write about. Help me branch out, because I want original plots. I want to write what you guys want to read, but I am not psychic, so REVIEW and let me know! XOXO Darcy E.P. ","Summary":" The scene that must have been misplaced because I know that they were not stupid enough not to film"},{"Movie":"Austenland","Title":"Sketches and Musings","Author":"roothlace","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10982703","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Austenland doesn't belong to me Sketches and Musings Jane Hayes sat in the beautiful grounds and sighed happily. This was perfect; and more so since her Copper package guaranteed that she had some time alone, when the others had their private lessons learning whist or whatever. She could have joined Martin and helped him with some errands but somehow she was content to sit by herself. She picked up her sketch book and began to draw. Unbidden, her thoughts turned to Mr. Nobley. She couldn't make him out; he was rude and stand-offish yet he had come back for her when he had been stuck in the woods without a horse; he was hoity-toity, trying to warn her against hanging out with Martin, and then acting like he really cared about her. Henry Nobley was a mystery. She really couldn't make him out. Jane stopped sketching and looked around her again. What did it matter if she couldn't make out Mr. Nobley, it wasn't as if she was interested in him. 000 Henry Nobley stared at Jane, Miss Erstwhile. When his aunt had asked him to fill in at Austenland as the resident gentleman, his immediate answer had been 'no way'. But his aunt had worn him down and now looking at Jane Henry was happy he had agreed. They had yet to agree about anything and she obviously didn't like him but for the first time since Vivian had cheated on him, Henry found himself attracted to a woman. She was pretty and outspoken and …surprising. He saw Jane looking around and he pretended to read the book he had in his hands. The Colonel came in with Mrs. Wattlesbrook, apparently his aunt had written a play and what was worse they were expected to act it out. He couldn't think of a worse form of entertainment but his objections were quickly brushed aside. He listened in mortification as George East suggested the women pick their lovers. Henry began to pray and even as he did so he wasn't sure what he was praying for. He wasn't sure if he wanted Jane to pick him or not. He heard Elizabeth pick Andrews and waited for Jane's pick. Thank God, she had chosen him. 000 Jane stared at Mr. Nobley. She made him nervous. She wanted to ask him why, why did she make him nervous? He was the most self-assured man she had ever met and he was tall, attractive and well-spoken, and he was the resident Mr. Darcy and he played his part very well. Why did she make him nervous? 000 \"You make me nervous.\" Henry couldn't believe he had admitted as much to Jane. It was a testament to how much she affected him that he had said those words out loud. He tried to make small talk. He flipped through her sketch-book and was surprised by the number of sketches of himself that he saw. It seemed that every other page of her book had a picture of him. He couldn't help himself, \"it is curious that there more of than anyone else,\" he told her. It turned out she was having a hard time figuring him out . Did that really mean anything? He wondered. \"So I'm your fantasy?\" he asked her. \"You play your character very well,\" she replied. Oh, she thought he was playing a character . He wanted to tell her there and then that she was his fantasy; that she was everything she'd ever wanted and more but instead he heard himself say curtly, \"shall we rehearse then,\" and opened his script. 'Coward,' he told himself, 'just tell her.' 000 \"I love you,\" he had told her. It was just playacting, not real, but Henry had never been more sincere in his life. In that moment when he had said the words Henry had been telling the truth. It was incredible, too soon, but he loved her. He ran through the house with Jane to her room. \"I had so much fun tonight,\" she said. \"Me too,\" he replied. He had had more fun that day than he'd had in months. He opened her door; he needed to leave, needed to compose himself before his feelings overcame him. As he stood outside her door he took a deep breath and decided to take the bull by the horns. It was now or never, and the worst she could do was say no. \"Miss Erstwhile,\" he called to her. \"Yes, Mr. Nobley?\" \"Tomorrow evening,\" he said hesitantly, \"can I reserve the first two dances with you?\" \"Yes, Mr. Nobley.\" He paused deliberated with himself and asked, \"Miss Erstwhile would you let me back in a moment?\" He walked in and took her hands in his, he would be brave, \"when I look at you I feel certain of something,\" he wanted to kiss her lips but contented himself with kissing her palm. Soon… tomorrow he would tell her. For the first time in his life Henry Nobley was looking forward to dancing. 000 What say you? ","Summary":" Austenland doesn't belong to me Sketches and Musings Jane Hayes sat in the beautiful grounds and si"},{"Movie":"Austenland","Title":"The Spice in your Life","Author":"OurHumanExperience","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11008673","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 – Peer Pressure at its Finest Samritha looked out the lettered glass window of a frequented coffee shop in the Upper East Side of Manhattan. Her latte had long since turned lukewarm, and the barista on cleanup duty was giving her aggravated looks from the corner of her eye. She gripped her mug in her fingers, proof that she still had the right to stay and tried to control the feeling of overstaying her welcome. I need to find one of those undiscovered cafes, Samritha thought to herself. A place where the employees would be glad for my company . She had just begun to contemplate leaving when the door flew open, causing another barista to jump and burn his hand against the machine as the bell and wind chime clanged. A woman, wearing a Tiffany blue dress that matched her eyes and carrying multiple shopping bags, bustled in and made her way over to Samritha, plopping herself in front of her. \"You're late, Shannon,\" Samritha sighed. \"Again.\" \"Guess what!\" Shannon replied, ignoring Samritha's comment and smoothing down fly-aways from her blonde bun. \"You know that summer abroad program that we've always wanted to do?\" Samritha immediately brightened. \"You mean the Abroad programs office finally approved my petition to go to the Galapagos Islands?\" \"Oh God, no! Who wants to look at birds? It's even better than that!\" Samritha slumped back into her seat as she looked at her roommate over the top of her glasses. \"So what are you talking about?\" \"We get to go to England!\" Shannon squealed excitedly. \"England? What are we going to do there? None of the England studies contribute to my major, and my scholarship won't cover it.\" \"Oh, don't worry about that. I can cover for you. I haven't even told you the best part yet!\" Samritha tried to interject, \"Shannon, there's no way you can pay - \" \"We're going to Austenland!\" Samritha's brown eyes widened in confusion. \"What on Earth are you talking about? What is 'Austenland'?\" Shannon squealed and giggled in the Southern schoolgirl way that she hadn't quite outgrown. \"Do you remember Jane Hayes from our first semester? She told me all about it! It's this place where everyone dresses up and acts like they're in one of Jane Austen's novels! And at the end, everyone goes to a ball and gets proposed to! Jane even got her very own gentleman to bring home with her!\" Shannon giggles again. Samritha rolled her eyes, \"I literally am not understanding what's going on. Why do you want to go to this Austenland? I know you like all the movies and all…anyway, I can't afford this whatsoever. And I'm not sure it'd be the right place for me. And it's the last summer before we graduate, anyway, so I should - \" \"Oh, please! Please come with me! Papa doesn't mind – honest. He was actually glad you'd be there to keep an eye on me. He wouldn't let me go otherwise.\" \"Shannon,\" Samritha sighed. \"Plus, it's for my birthday! Please, please! I can't go without you!\" \"Why not? I don't know much about that time period, and I can't imagine myself there. Why don't you ask Jane to go?\" \"I asked her already, but she couldn't get the time off to go back.\" Samritha tried to keep the hurt from showing on her face. Her best friend had already asked someone else. You don't want to go, anyway, she reasoned with herself. \"You've asked her already?\" \"She can't go, though! Couldn't get the time off. And I've already got the tickets, so you have to come!\" Shannon got up to leave. \"It's decided, then. I'll forward you your ticket and what to bring! I have to go and get fitted for some of the dresses I'm having made for the trip! I'm so excited!\" \"But I haven't agreed –\" Samritha unsuccessfully tried to say, but Shannon had already left the café, leaving a perfumed scent behind. Samritha looked down at her unappetizing drink. What on Earth? She thought, as she got up to leave as well. As she walked down the sidewalk, sunlight making her jeans appear to be the perfect shade of navy and her sneakers thumping rhythmically against the sidewalk, she thought of her middle school years. Back to her brief obsession with Jane Austen, when she'd bought a huge book with all of Jane Austen's novels (it was a pain to read because the book was too big to hold and read in bed) and watched all the movies – every single adaptation. Even a weird anime based on Emma . But once Samritha left something behind – once she'd ridden out her obsession with something – she could never go back. Going back meant tainting memories; and nothing ever quite felt the same the second time around. Jane Austen was how Samritha met Shannon. Their middle school play was an adaptation of Pride and Prejudice (which failed completely – especially because the kids kept using fake British accents), and Shannon had wanted so dearly to be Elizabeth Bennet. Her mother had had dresses made for her role back then, too. And after the play, Samritha and Shannon had begun to hang out, forming a loose Jane Austen book club that blossomed into friendship. But although Samritha had outgrown her love for Austen, Shannon had not been able to quite completely leave it behind. She wasn't as avid as she was when she was a child, but she still watched every Northanger Abbey (Samritha rolled her eyes at the thought) and Mansfield Park she could get a hand on. She'd even brought her DVDs with her to New York. I think she's just obsessed with the idea of love, Samritha thought to herself. But Austenland? What's so special about a place like that? Hello, and thank you for checking out this Austenland fanfic! Although there aren't very many fanfics for Austenland , I had an idea and have mapped out the story, so I wanted to give it a try. This story will be a combination of references from the movie as well as the novel; I'll just pick and choose what works for my plot, and I'll clarify anything that needs it. What do you think of Samritha so far? Shannon? Please rate, review, and let me know what you think! ","Summary":" Chapter 1 – Peer Pressure at its Finest Samritha looked out the lettered glass window of a frequent"},{"Movie":"Austenland","Title":"Zanim wkroczyłeś ponownie do mojego życia","Author":"SanAngle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11009705","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Opowiadanie to zaczęłam pisać bezpośrednio po pierwszym obejrzeniu \"Austenland\". Cztery ponowne seanse później miałam już własne wyobrażenie tego, jak mogły wyglądać działania Henry'ego od sceny na lotnisku. Skończyłam je po kilku miesiącach. Oto ono, moje pierwsze fan-fiction do Austenland. Zanim wkroczyłeś ponownie do mojego życia Był taki jak Darcy. Szarmancki, uprzejmy. Druga jego wersja. Zamknęła oczy, pozwalając sobie na przypomnienie sobie jego twarzy. Uśmiechu. Konwersacji przy stole, pierwszego dnia. Pocałunku złożonego we wnętrzu jej dłoni. Tańca tego ostatniego wieczora. Zapachu jego kurtki i dotyku materiału w chwili, gdy zarzucił ją na jej ramiona. Nie, musi przestać marzyć o tym. Grał. Tak jak wszyscy. Tak jak Darcy nie jest realny. Nigdy nie był. Henry wracał z lotniska ze wzrokiem wbitym w ziemię. Martin minął go już dawno, obdarzając cynicznym uśmiechem. Bawi cię to, że mnie odepchnęła? Że nie wierzy ani tobie ani mnie? Nie rozumiał, co się właściwie stało. Gdy gnał tu jak szalony, był pewny, że ona nie wie. Że w wyniku głupiej pomyłki sądzi, że on jest aktorem, a Martin zwykłym pracownikiem. - To w sumie zabawne – stwierdził James, spoglądając zza ciemnych oprawek okularów na Henry'ego – Wczoraj byłem gotów się założyć, że zdobędziesz Jane. - Wybrała Martina. „Coś prawdziwego\" – burknął, wbijając wzrok w ekran. Za nic nie przyznałby się, że zraniła go jej wczorajsza decyzja. Wolał teraz skupić się na pracy. Co z tego, że dopiero w październiku ma pierwsze zajęcia? James roześmiał się. - Co cię tak bawi? - Martin był przypisany do Jane. Henry spojrzał zdumiony na kolegę, ten jednak powrócił do opalania się. - A teraz pojechał na lotnisko, bo... –spytał, zamykając drżącymi rękoma laptop. To mogła być jego szansa. Jeśli dotrze tam przed nim, może uda mu się ją przekonać. Nagle przypomniała mu się telefoniczna rozmowa Jamesa z jego ciotką. Cokolwiek Martin planował, nie mógł mieć dobrych zamiarów. - Jane chce złożyć pozew przeciwko twojemu wujkowi. A szefowej to bardzo nie w smak- dopowiedział James, sięgając po szklankę. Przyglądał się, jak Henry zrywa się, starając się nie zrzucić przy tym sprzętu, jedynego łącznika ze światem. Nie mówiąc już o tym, jak wspaniale się wyrzucało mu myśli w kolejnych mailach. Już wychodził, lecz zawahał się po kilku krokach. - Gdyby ciotka czegoś chciała – spojrzał prosząco. - Chciałeś coś załatwić. Nie ma sprawy – zasalutował koledze, zaś po chwili dodał – Tej rozmowy nie było. - Jakiej rozmowy? – uśmiechnął się lekko nerwowo przez ciągłe zastanawianie się w myślach, ile czasu zajmie mu dojazd . - I za to cię lubię, kolego. Nie wiedział, jakim cudem dojechał na lotnisko nie wywołując żadnej kolizji. I to w rekordowo krótkim czasie, biorąc pod uwagę fakt, że choć ruszył dziesięć minut po Martinie, to dotarł na miejsce niemalże dwie minuty po nim. No może też coś zrobiło to, że po raz pierwszy w życiu nie robił sobie nic z przepisów. Uśmiechnął się ponuro do siebie, spoglądając na przebranie. Miał go dość. Miał potąd spełniania życzenia ciotki, by zobaczyć, jak to było w XIX wieku. Co go pokusiło, by spróbować? Dlaczego nie spędził tych kilku tygodni, które minęły mu już w tej rezydencji, na zbieraniu materiałów do książki? Dlaczego po prostu nie wyjechał na wakacje, co powinien uczynić, zważywszy na fakt, że na takowych nie był od rozstania z narzeczoną. Tak, zdecydowanie musi wrócić do Austenland, spakować bagaże i kupić bilety do pierwszego lepszego miejsca, by tam spędzić resztę lata, które mu jeszcze zostało. Przystanął i zawrócił. Podszedł do kas, mając nadzieję, że trafi na sprzedawczynię, która nie połączy jego stroju z incydentem sprzed kilku minut. - Słucham. Dokąd chce pan lecieć? Spojrzał na loty. Kraje kontynentu, kilka afrykańskich i azjatyckich. Ameryka Południowa. W głowie miał kompletną pustkę, nie wiedział, czego chce. Już miał powiedzieć Melbourne , a jednak widząc miasto, z którego przyjechała Jane - wspomniała mu o tym mimochodem, poza tym zaś odczytał z tablicy punkt docelowy jej samolotu - już wiedział. To nie ma znaczenia, że nie byłeś prawdziwy. Byłeś idealny. Najbliższy lot był pojutrze. Trochę dziwne, zważywszy na popularność trasy, ale Henry nie narzekał. Dość, by się spakować, zajrzeć do biura ciotki i powiedzieć jej kilka rzeczy – a w chwili, gdy nie będzie patrzeć, sprawdzić adres Jane w grubym notatniku. Do tego musiał wymyślić jakiś pretekst, by zajrzeć panny Erstwhile. Cóż zawsze może kupić ciasto. Tak, przeleciałem kilkaset kilometrów, cały ocean, by podzielić się z tobą ciastem zakupionym już w Ameryce. To na pewno nie będzie dziwne, wcale… Pretekst pojawił się, gdy Madeline, służąca, jedna z niewielu, którą lubił Henry i która na tle reszty wyróżniała się inteligencją – no, w końcu była jego studentką – przyszła do niego następnego wieczora. Uśmiechnięta od ucha do ucha udała, że nie widzi jego zbolałego spojrzenia. Przysiadła się na krześle obok. - Czyżbyś skończyła już opracowywać swój projekt? – zapytał, nie podnosząc wzroku znad ekranu. - Nie, mam coś lepszego. Spójrz, co znalazłam – wyjęła zza pleców notatnik – To chyba twojej dziewczyny… Henry po raz pierwszy od pojawienia się Madeline uśmiechnął się szczerze. - Mówiłem ci kiedyś, jak bardzo się cieszę, że jesteś moją studentką? - Czy to oznacza, że nie będę musiała zdawać egzaminy? – uśmiechnęła się chytrze. -Nie przeginaj. - Rozmawiałem z Martinem– mruknął James, gdy odprowadzał Henry'ego do taksówki. - I? – jakoś udało mu się wtarabanić walizkę do bagażnika. Taksówkarz, niezbyt skory do pomocy, obserwował poczynania mężczyzny, paląc papierosa. - Jane do ostatniej chwili nie wiedziała, że Martin jest jej przypisany. Dowiedziała się od szefowej. Henry wyprostował się gwałtownie. - A Martin nie raczył jej po tym wszystkim uświadomić, mam rację? – bardziej stwierdził, niż zapytał. - Tak. No i się wkurzyła. Miała prawo. I pewnie dlatego uznała, że ty też jesteś aktorem. Przez tego jednego typka zraziła się do facetów – James potrząsnął z rezygnacją głową. Taksówkarz uznał, że pora na rozmowę – i papierosa – właśnie się skończyła i na znak tego wsiadł do samochodu, przybierając przy tym specjalny wyraz twarzy. - Dzięki za wszystko– poklepał kolegę po ramieniu, otworzył drzwi taksówki i wsiadł. Zanim jednak je zamknął, spojrzał na niego i zapytał – W zasadzie dlaczego to wszystko dla mnie robisz? - Wiesz, wychodzi na to, że ja także uwikłałem się w związek, który nie miał prawa zaistnieć, a lepiej mieć kompana. Poza tym… - podrapał się w głowę – nigdy nie lubiłem Martina. - Tak czy siak, dzięki – spojrzał z wdzięcznością na kolegę i długo jeszcze do niego machał, gdy taksówka wiozła go na lotnisko. W chwili, gdy wybrała go na partnera podczas sztuki, był niemalże pewny, że ona też coś do niego czuje. Może jeszcze nie miłość – na to jednakowoż chyba za wcześnie, ale coś większego, coś głębszego od zwykłej sympatii, koleżeńskiego odruchu. Odczuł to również podczas ich rozmów, prób i wreszcie podczas przedstawienia. A propozycja balu? Było tak idealnie. No właśnie, chyba zbyt idealnie. Doświadczenia Henry'ego z kobietami nie należały do najszczęśliwszych i dotychczas wiązały się jedynie z przykrym odkryciem zniknięcia ukochanej z jego najlepszym przyjacielem do Brazylii. Lecąc samolotem zastanawiał się nad tym. W dłoniach trzymał jej notatnik. Nieświadomie gładził palcem okładkę. Wielokrotnie przeglądał zawartość, uśmiechając się nieświadomie, widząc swoją postać na kolejnych rysunkach. Niektóre oddawały jego twarz wierniej, inne mniej. Ale i tak najwspanialsze był dla niego fakt, że to on pojawiał się na większości jej szkiców. To jakoś dodawało mu otuchy. I upewniało w postawieniu. Miał pewne problemy z odnalezieniem mieszkania Jane. Przekonany, że zna jego lokalizację – wszak był tu dwukrotnie na konferencji, postanowił pojechać do niej komunikacją miejską. Niestety, pamięć go zawiodła i godzinę później po licznych przesiadkach wylądował po przeciwnej stronie miasta niż powinien. Zły na siebie tym razem postanowił zaufać taksówkarzowi i tym samym po dwóch godzinach po przylocie wreszcie stanął przed jej drzwiami. Nie wiedział, jak Jane zareaguje. Może zatrzaśnie mu drzwi przed nosem. Może otworzy jej chłopak. Może okaże się, że to wszystko była jedynie iluzja. Ale może będzie tak, jak podpowiadało mu przeczucie. Że tamta Jane, którą poznał w Austenland, była tą samą, która żyła w tym mieście, śmiała się z przyjaciółmi i codziennie wstawała. Która zamieniała się w ninja, gdy ktoś ją znienacka atakował. I że ona stanie się jego dziewczyną, towarzyszką, kimś więcej niż przelotną znajomością. Pełny nadziei zapukał do jej drzwi. Czekam, aż ujawnią się polscy fani Austenland. Nie wierzę, by nikogo nie było. ","Summary":" Opowiadanie to zaczęłam pisać bezpośrednio po pierwszym obejrzeniu \"Austenland\". Cztery ponowne s"},{"Movie":"Austenland","Title":"Nobley Does It","Author":"NickyNackyNoo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10611171","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"You know, you might want to close the door before this goes any further.\" Henry and Jane break apart guiltily and stand like a couple of recalcitrant teenagers caught in the act. Jane's best friend Molly glowers in the open doorway, arms folded and an incredulous look on her face. Jane gives an embarrassed chuckle \"Oh my God, Molly, you gave me a fright. I, er, didn't realise the door was still open.\" She inches closer to Henry and he reaches out and takes her hand, giving her fingers a brief squeeze in support. \"Obviously.\" Molly raises an eyebrow in question and nods towards Henry. \"Sorry. Molly, this is Henry. Henry, this is my best friend Molly. I'd completely forgotten she was coming over.\" \"No kidding.\" Molly harrumphs \"Molly. It's a pleasure to meet you.\" Under normal circumstances he would reach to shake her hand but he has no wish to release Jane and break their newly formed and tenuous bond, Jane herself however moves to embrace Molly in a warm hug and Henry feels irrationally bereft at her defection. \"It's so good to see you, I've got so much to tell you. Shall we have some tea?\" She smiles at them both and moves towards the kitchen. \"Sorry Henry, can you give us a minute?\" Without waiting for a reply Molly grabs Jane's hand and drags her off into the bedroom closing the door firmly behind them. \"Of course.\" Henry says to the now empty room. He closes the front door and stands uncomfortably for a few moments. \"I'll um make the tea then. Right.\" He pours the boiled water into the pot and tries to pretend he can't hear every word that is being said in the bedroom \"Jane, what the hell is going on?! Have you completely lost your mind? What are you thinking bringing this guy back with you? This trip was supposed to get rid of all of …..this!\" Molly waves a hand around the bedroom, noticing suddenly that the room has been emptied of its Regency paraphernalia and Darcy memorabilia. \"Wow you actually did it.\" she shakes her head \"Never mind. Spill right now!\" \"Molly, please, it isn't what you think.\" Jane sits down on the bed and puts her fingers to her lips, she can still feel Henry's kiss, feel his hands roaming over her body. She closes her eyes and takes a deep breath to steady herself. Henry only arrived a few minutes before Molly and Jane hasn't had time to get her own head around things never mind trying to explain it to somebody else. \"It's…..complicated.\" \"Was he one of the actors? He was wasn't he?\" \"Well yes and no…he's not an actor. He was just doing it as a favour, his Aunt runs the place, he was just helping her out.\" \"Oh please, I can't believe you're falling for this crap Jane, it was a fantasy and he's stringing it out in the hope of God knows what. He probably thinks you're loaded! \" Henry has heard enough. He has risked everything coming here, taken a chance and leaped into the unknown because he knew, was certain, that this was meant to be. Damned if he was going to allow this woman, no matter how well-meaning her intentions, to undo the small victory he has at last won. Damned if he will! He moves towards the bedroom and is about to knock and politely advise them that he can hear every word when he hears Jane speak. \"Molly, stop. You don't know him.\" She holds up a hand as Molly opens her mouth to interrupt \"Don't. I know what you think, it's what I thought too, before I left. That the feelings weren't real, it was all part of the story, the fantasy. But he isn't an actor and I didn't bring him back with me. He followed me, he came half way around the world to give me back my sketchbook and ask for a chance to make me happy.\" Jane's breath catches in her throat as what he has actually done begins to sink in. She looks, teary eyed, at Molly, and almost in a whisper \"He said I was his fantasy.\" \"Oh Jane…..\" Molly sits down next to her on the bed and pulls her into a tight hug. \"Honey..\" \"Molly please, I promise I will tell you everything , every humiliating, excruciating detail, if you'll just give him a chance? He really is…..wonderful.\" Henry closes his eyes and rests his forehead silently against the door in relief. He knocks softly. \"Jane? I've made some tea. Also, I think I should mention that your walls are perhaps not quite as sound proof as you might have thought.\" Molly groans and Jane giggles. \"Come on Molly,\" she tugs her friend up and opens the door \"It's time to meet my Mr Nobley. Henry stood back as the door opened \"Tea ladies?\" his gaze finds Jane's and he smileds shyly while inside his heart soars, she thought he was wonderful. Henry and Jane sit on the sofa and Molly in the armchair, \"So Henry, tell me about yourself.\" \"Ah, well…..my name is Henry Nobley. I'm a history professor at Oxford, I'm 36 and unmarried.\" He takes a sip of tea \"I've never worked at the park before, I was press ganged into helping my aunt who found herself short a gentleman and needed someone quickly who understood the era. Regency England is my particular area of expertise you see.\" \"Uh huh. Tell me something Henry, what kind of man drops everything to chase a virtual stranger half way around the world?\" \"Molly!\" Jane says sharply. \"No it's alright Jane, it's a fair question.\" He puts down his cup and clasps his hands together looking earnestly at Molly \"I imagine such a man would be so desperately in love that nothing else mattered, not logic or reason. Such a man would be determined not to let his chance of happiness slip through his fingers a second time.\" His voice is soft and filled with emotion. He turns and smiles tenderly at Jane \"She's not a stranger, I know her. I may not be aware of all the details of her life but I know her, \" He lifts Jane's hand and kisses her palm as he had before \"and I'm completely mad about her.\" Molly watches them gazing lovingly at each other and is 99% convinced he is on the level, she hoped so for Jane's sake, but she is still going to Google him when she gets home. \"Well OK then. I guess that's my cue to leave.\" She stands and heads for the door \"Jane I'll call you later. Be careful \" She whispers \"Henry it has been…eventful meeting you, I'm sure I'll see you again.\" \"I hope so. Bye\". Jane leans back against the closed door \"Well, that wasn't at all embarrassing.\" \"It wasn't so bad, she was just worried\" said Henry \"I did think she was going to try and decapitate me like poor old Colin over there at first however.\" Jane bursts out laughing \"I guess you're right, I would have turned into a Ninja and kicked her ass though if she had tried to cut off your head.\" Jane picks up the tea cups and places them in the sink, running the water to wash up. Henry slips off his jacket, hanging it by the door, and comes to stand beside her. \"Would you?\" he says, leaning against the counter \"You would have taken her down for me?\" Jane snorts \"Only if she was trying to take off your head, she's pretty fierce, and very pregnant!\" she gave him a towel \" You dry.\" Henry inclines his head to her \"Certainly, anything for a lady, after all, I am rather wonderful.\" Jane groans and puts her face in her hands, \"I can't believe you heard that!\" she shakes her head in embarrassment and Henry laughs. He pulls her hands away wiping bubbles from her face. \"Jane, you have no idea how happy hearing those words made me.\" He leans forward and kisses her gently \"I think you are wonderful too.\" He kisses her again more deeply and Jane sighs \"Henry I…..this is going so fast, I'm not, I mean I don't normally do…\" she flapsher hands indicating the two of them. \"I understand, I don't normally do ….this either. Call me old fashioned, but I don't believe in meaningless dalliance.\" He touches her face \"Shall I woo you? \" \"Woo me?\" Henry raises her hand to his lips and kisses her fingers bowing his head slightly over them \"I shall court you like a real gentleman. We can get to know each other properly without all of the tom foolery.\" \"That sounds….. wonderful, but just to clarify; will this old fashioned courtship allow touching?\" she laces her fingers with his \"Touching will definitely be allowed\" he says earnestly. \"How about kissing?\" Jane asks as she leans up towards him. \"Oh yes, lots and lots of kissing.\" He says smiling. He lowers his lips to hers and they kiss until they were both breathless. Jane leans back in his embrace \"Henry, what happens next?\" \"Well, I'm a little out of practice but I'm fairly sure it involves taking off all of our clothes and retreating to your bedroom.\" He laughs as she pushes against him slapping at his chest \"Henry! That's not what I meant and you know it!\" \"Sorry, just couldn't help myself.\" He grins \"You're incorrigible!\" with a final whack she ceases her struggles and laces her fingers together behind his head idly toying with the curling hair at his neck. \"What are we going to do though? We live on different continents.\" Sighing, Henry places his forehead against hers \"We will do whatever it takes Jane, but not today. We can worry about it tomorrow, today I just want to be happy and in love.\" \"OK.\" Jane nods \"I think I can manage that.\" \"Good.\" He says giving her one final hard swift kiss. \"Now Miss Heyes, can I take you to lunch? I'm starving.\"[Chapter 2] *This chapter has been updated from the original version as it just didn't feel right in the end and I couldn't seem to continue with it. Hopefull you will still enjoy it and the following chapter. Thanks** It was such a beautiful day they decide to picnic in the park rather than having lunch in a crowded restaurant or café. Jane packs a bag with cheese, apples, a bottle of wine and some paper cups to drink from and grabs a picnic blanket from her closet. They walk hand in hand down the street to a local deli where they buy huge delicious looking sandwiches. They find a shady spot overlooking the lake and settle down for their impromptu lunch. \"This is so nice.\" Jane said leaning back against the tree next to Henry. \"It is,\" says Henry \"and at least this time we don't have George East salivating all over you.\" Jane laughs \"He was not, he was being charming.\" \"Charming? Really? The man was wholly inappropriate kissing you like that and whipping off his shirt at the drop of a hat.\" he frowns. \"Henry, were you jealous?\" Jane asks incredulously \"The day we had the picnic, did you knock him over on purpose?\" Henry sat forward, leaning on his raised knee, he plucks at an invisible piece of lint on his trousers, \"I was perhaps the tiniest bit jealous, but he thoroughly deserved being knocked on his arse, he was a complete oaf.\" \"Oh my God, you liked me even then? I thought you couldn't stand me.\" Henry turns towards her with a soft sigh \"My dearest Jane, I liked you from the moment you gave me that set down at our first dinner, I just didn't know how to show it. I had never been one of my Aunt's gentlemen before, it was all very disconcerting. I was being me, admittedly a slighter stiffer version,\" he grinned \"but I wasn't sure if you were being you. And then there was Martin. I didn't think I stood a chance.\" He sat in thoughtful silence for a moment \"Obviously when I saw your sketchbook and realised you were completely obsessed with me it gave me some hope.\" He gave her a dazzling smile, his eyes dancing with humour. \"I was not obsessed with you!\" she swatted at him genially \"You were just the most…aloof. And irritating. Every time you spoke to me you seemed so cross.\" He groaned \"Not cross with you, with myself. Nothing I did seemed to go as planned. My rescuing you from the storm, trying to warn you off Martin, losing my temper at the croquet, I acted like a complete idiot.\" \"Not a complete idiot.\" \"Thank you.\" Henry said with a wry grin, taking her hand and bowing over it brushing her knuckles with his lips \"It is good to know your opinion of me has improved from our first meeting.\" He gently turns her hand over and kisses her palm and wrist, looking up through his lashes with a smouldering gaze. \"Oh it has most definitely improved.\" Jane says breathlessly, she leans towards him caressing his face with her free hand. \"It has improved remarkably.\" Henry shifts his position and slides his hands up her arms sending delicious shivers along her spine, he captures her face, stroking her cheeks with his thumbs, her lips part and her eyes drift closed in anticipation of his kiss \"I fear we are behaving with impropriety Miss Heyes.\" He whispers, brushing his lips against her cheek, \"I should not wish to be the cause of ruining your reputation.\" She can feel his smile against her skin as his lips brush over her eyes and nose and across her other cheek. Jane slides her hands along his taught thighs and hears his intake of breath as she reaches his hips \"How solicitous you are Mr Nobley.\" Henry is now trailing feather light kisses down her neck, \"However, I fear my reputation is beyond salvaging.\" Jane's hands move upward over his chest and shoulders, twining her fingers in the curls at his nape \"So you might as well kiss me.\" Henry moves suddenly and Jane squeals as he lowers her to the blanket, \"One must always endeavour to be obliging.\" He grins and lowers his mouth to hers, Jane's giggles soon evaporate under his passionate onslaught. After several magical minutes Henry leans his forehead against hers \"What are you doing to me Jane? My promise of a slow courtship is going to be short lived if you keep tempting me like this.\" He rolls to her side and captures her hand once more, entwining his fingers with hers. Jane tries to get her rapid breathing under control \"Did we really agree to that?\" she says laughing \"Perhaps we need to renegotiate.\" She turns on her side and snuggles against him brushing her hand back and forth across his chest. \"I'm feeling pretty wooed right now.\" Henry hugs her to him laughing \"Jane Heyes you are constantly surprising.\" Jane marvels at how different he seems, how relaxed and happy compared to how he was in Austenland, so austere and controlled. Henry yawns \"I've gone from surprising to boring in 10 seconds?\" asks Jane. He kisses the top of her head \"Certainly not, you could never be boring.\" He yawns again \"I'm sorry Jane, I suppose I should have expected it really, I was just too anxious to sleep on the flight.\" Jane sits up and tugs him up beside her, \"Come on then, lets pack this stuff up and get you to bed.\" A blush rises instantly to her cheeks \"That so didn't come out the way I meant.\" \"I believe you.\" Henry laughs \"thousands wouldn't.\" They pack away their picnic things and head back to Jane's apartment hand in hand. \"Um, Henry? Are you staying in a Hotel? I mean, you're welcome to stay with me of course it's just…\" Jane trails off nervously. \"I appreciate the offer Jane\" he squeezes her fingers reassuringly \"but I've booked into a Hotel in the city, I didn't know how you would feel about me showing up on your doorstep. Turned out better than I dared hope.\" He lifts her hand to his lips. They had reached Jane's building and Henry stopped outside \"Aren't you coming in?\" Jane asks anxiously. \"Jane, my darling, I would like nothing more but right now I need to go to sleep and you are far too distracting for words.\" He kisses her forehead \"I'm going to go to my Hotel, rest, shower and change and then meet you there for dinner. Does that sound alright?\" \"That sounds great.\" Jane says relieved \"8pm?\" \"Perfect, give me your number and I'll text you the address and room number.\" Jane punches her number into Henry's phone \"I'll see you later then.\" Henry hails a cab and kisses her quickly but thoroughly \"I look forward to it immensely.\" And he climbs into the cab leaving Jane breathless on the sidewalk.[Chapter 3] Jane knocks softly and waits nervously for Henry to open the door, self-conscious in the borrowed dress from Molly, it's a little more fitting and little shorter than she would normally wear and the heels are killer but Molly can't wear either of them at the moment and insisted she needed both. The expression on his face when he opens the door makes Jane feel suddenly and amazingly very, very sexy. \"You look…stunning.\" Jane is thinking he looks pretty stunning himself. He is wearing nothing but a towel hung low around his hips, his skin and hair still damp from the shower. He is toned and supple and looks…hot. Very hot. He pulls her inside, \"Hello.\" He says pulling her into an embrace. \"Hi\" says Jane wrapping her arms around his neck \"I like your outfit.\" Henry laughs \"What…this old thing?\" he leans down and kisses her soundly, Jane is glad he has his arms around, especially in these shoes. \"I ordered some champagne, would you like a glass?\" he takes her hand and pulls her into the room. \"You pour and I'll be right back.\" He lifts her hand to his mouth and brushes his lips against her knuckles. Jane pours herself a glass of champagne, knocks it back in one go and pours another and one for Henry. She is having serious doubts about a long courtship. Henry reappears wearing navy trousers and a crisp white shirt, his feet are still bare and he looks so handsome. Jane hands him his glass of champagne \"Cheers.\" She touches her glass to his \"To us and a wonderful evening.\" Henry says smiling. Jane watches him as he finishes dressing and she finishes her champagne, she'd better slow down or she'd be throwing herself at him before they even have dinner. \"Shall we go?\" Henry offers her his hand and she takes it eagerly. \"Yes. They're seated at a quiet table in a corner of the dark and crowded restaurant, Henry orders more champagne and they begin to talk. They talk about everything, trying to cram in as much as they can in the limited time they have. It's a magical night, the food is delicious as is the champagne and the company second to none. Soft music is playing in the bar and there is small dance floor, Henry pulls her to her feet and leads her onto the floor. Jane rests her head against his shoulder and they sway together to Sinatra. She has never felt this happy in her life. \"Will you stay with me tonight Jane? I don't want to let you go.\" His voice is soft in her ear and it sends a shiver down her spine. She lifts her head to look at him \"I don't want to let you go either.\" He kisses her tenderly \"I'll stay.\" She smiles and rests her head on his shoulder again as they dance. As the music fades he offers her his arm \"Shall we Miss Heyes?\" Jane feels suddenly shy as they enter Henry's room, unsure what he's expecting, they had agreed to take things slow after all but he is so desirable . \"Would you like something to drink? There's white wine or we can order something from the bar?\" \"White wine is fine.\" There is a small sofa under the window and Jane sits, kicking offer shoes as Henry hands her a glass. \"Thank you.\" \"You're welcome.\" He sits beside her and they sip in silence. \"So…\" \"Jane…\" They speak together and laugh, nervous suddenly. \"Ladies first.\" Says Henry Jane takes a large drink of her wine then places it on the table in front of her, here goes \"I was just wondering…have you courted me enough yet?\" she swallows and casts her eyes down at her clasped hands, suddenly afraid to look at him. \"I know I said I wanted to take things slowly but…\" she can't finish because Henry is kissing her passionately. Oh my He pulls her to her feet and then sweeps her into his arms carrying her into the bedroom with a soft \"Tallyho Miss Heyes\" Jane giggles and then his mouth is on her again as he kicks closed the door. ","Summary":" \"You know, you might want to close the door before this goes any further.\" Henry and Jane break a"},{"Movie":"Camp Takota","Title":"Peace At Last","Author":"Camptakotaff","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10188903","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is a one off, it's quite cheesy but I wanted to try out writing a more descriptive story, though it's really not my forte. I hope you enjoy! The day was warm, the sun shone down upon the sweet smelling grass on the lakeside. Elise lay there peacefully, letting the rays wash over her. She hadn't felt this relaxed in a long time, nor could she remember when she could hear such little noise. Living in the city, the hustle and bustle of city life was inescapable. She thought it strange that she liked the calm and tranquility; wasn't this the place she had tried to escape all those years ago? A breeze blew her hair across her face, and as she sat up and brushed it aside, she noticed a small boat was tied to the jetty, one which wasn't tied there before. She knew it well, however. It was the boat in which Eli would row across to meet her on lonely evenings, when she longed for his friendly face, or his infectious laughter. \"I haven't been watching you, I swear.\" His sudden appearance made Elise flinch slightly. He approached her from underneath a tree to her left, where he had been sitting in the shade. He sank down next to her on the grass, and she smirked at him. \"I should hope not, creeper. Haven't you got anything better you could be doing?\" He simply shrugged his shoulders, smiling back at the woman with a playful grin. She shook her head at him, then lay back onto the grass as if he wasn't there. He lay next to her, his arm pressed close against hers. \"Don't you think you'd like it better out here than living back in the city? There's nothing stopping you.\" Eli was hoping for a positive response to his suggestion. They had been going out for just under a year, but there was no sign of Elise wanting to take it a step further and move closer to him, instead she had chosen to remain in Chicago. \"I love the city, it's where I feel like I belong.\" She turned her head to face him, their noses nearly touching. \"Don't you feel like you belong out here?\" His brow furrowed slightly, as he quizzed the woman he adored so much. Her eyes bore into his, as she tried to decipher where he was going with his questions. \"I love it here, I love how quiet and peaceful it is, but...\" She paused, trying to think of something to say to justify her absence from him for so long over the past year. She could think of nothing, so she simply waited for his response. \"Elise, I love you.\" He could think of nothing else to say, and it was all he needed to say. It was what she needed to hear. She kissed him on the cheek, then on the lips, pulling him closer to her, holding him as tightly as she dared. As they broke away from each other, Eli felt the need to continue his declaration. \"I want to be with you all the time Elise, not just every so often when I can come and visit you. Come and live here with me, I promise you will never be bored, I will make sure of that. Please Elise, I need you here with me, I need to wake up next to that beautiful face every morning, and hear that beautiful laughter fill my house.\" She watched his face as he asked her, begged her, to stay here with him. She ran her hand across his cheek, silencing him. He then simply raised his eyebrows and nodded his head, urging her to speak. \"I love you too. Eli, I love you, and I love the lake, and the house, and even the farm. Why the heck do you think I need convincing? Of course I'll live with you, idiot!\" His face lit up on these words, and jumping to his feet, he lifted her into his arms, kissing her cheek, as she squealed and clung onto him. \"Don't drop me!\" She cried as he steadied himself. \"Never.\" He replied, as she hit him for being so cheesy. He laughed, before carrying her across to his little boat. Setting her down in it, he then climbed in himself, and rowed the two of them across the lake. Without saying anything else, the two of them enjoyed the sounds of the water lapping up at the sides of the boat, and the gentle hum of the insects on the waters surface. This, as they realised at that moment, was the most peaceful either of them had ever felt. ","Summary":" This is a one off, it's quite cheesy but I wanted to try out writing a more descriptive story, thou"},{"Movie":"Camp Takota","Title":"You're doing it wrong","Author":"carrotonesie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10147025","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"You're doing it wrong,\" Allison observed, peeking over Elise's shoulder. The mixture looked like vomit, not uncooked tater tots. The sun was setting over the camp and somewhere Maxine was rounding the girls up into a campfire with the other counselors. Elise should have been with them but had elected to stay back with Allison under the visage of helping with dinner. \"Yeah well you do it then, you were too busy reading that stupid book so I had to do something,\" Elise frowned, tucking her hair behind her ear. \"One, it's not a stupid book. It's full of good recipes and I'm enjoying it super much. Two, you just got tater snot in your hair,\" Allison closed her book and set it on the counter, at a safe distance from the potato mess. The counter top was dotted with lumps of pasty goo and shredded potato. A pile of vegetables were still on the chopping board, forgotten after Elise had deemed them \"overrated\". \"I blame you,\" Elise grumbled, trying not to smile. Allison's fingers worked deftly at pulling out the shredded potato before it could dry and become even more gross. \"Leave the cooking to me, dude,\" Allison pushing Elise out of the way softly and took up the role of cooking tater tots. She was quicker, and somehow managed to salvage the potatoes Elise had so expertly been destroying. \"Are you liking camp then?\" Allison prompted. Elise was still not smiling, Allison would do anything to get her smiling again. Elise laughed, \"Bug bites and poison ivy on my ass,- camp is just how I remember it!\" \"Oh come on. It's not all that bad. What about Eli? I saw you checking him out earlier. Does dat ass make camp a little more exciting?\" Allison concentrated on forming the tater tots, totally not avoiding Elise's eyes at all. \"Did you just say dat ass?\" Elise nudged her playfully, tipping her head back in laughter. \"What? That's cool!\" Allison laughed, throwing her mucky hands up defensively. \"Well no, it's not. And I'm totally not interested in that right now. This Summer is supposed to be a break from dat ass, and the penis and all the rest.\" \"Story of my life,\" Allison's eyes flicked up for a moment, resting on Elise's face long enough to gage her reaction. \"I knew you and Lindsay Johnson weren't just practicing frenching!\" Elise exclaimed, her cheeks flushing red. Allison smiled a secret little smile and kept working on those tater tots. ","Summary":" \"You're doing it wrong,\" Allison observed, peeking over Elise's shoulder. The mixture looked like"},{"Movie":"Camp Takota","Title":"Camp Two Cooters","Author":"HaleyJadeeee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10115454","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: this is a song prompt fic. Pompeii-Bastille \"But if you close your eyes, Does it almost feel like Nothing changed at all? And if you close your eyes, Does it almost feel like You've been here before?\" Allison had always missed her good friend somewhere in the back of her mind, but she had repressed the feelings she had for her so well that she forgot how strong they were. That was, until the trip to the cabin that night. The three best friends were there laughing and dancing, and it was like nothing had changed since they were in Robin's Egg, up too late and up to no good. Allison looked at Elise with adoration as she smiled like nothing could bring her down. It was almost like Elise had a bright glowing aura. And the dam broke. The feelings Allison had repressed came flooding back to her almost instantly. ","Summary":" A/N: this is a song prompt fic. Pompeii-Bastille \"But if you close your eyes, Does it almost feel "},{"Movie":"Camp Takota","Title":"A Lifetime of Memories","Author":"fictionalfallacies","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10342840","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Like I've stated earlier, I know that I've taken a few liberties, please just bear with me, it's for a reason. Other than that, enjoy. Oh, I guess I should say that we're starting off with Allison, which means is mostly (read 90%) SFF. If you want to read more of my writing, check out my tumblr of the same name cause I have some Hartbiggy stuff on there. Also, I, sadly, do not own any part of Camp Takota or the characters... Just throwing that out there. Not that anyone should question it. Allison was at camp first. In fact, she didn't remember her first summer at camp, or a time when she didn't live near the lake. But that was probably because her mother and father divorced when she was only two. Sally and her mother had gone to camp together and became best friends, so of course when Sally found out that the two Henrys were looking for a place to stay she came up with a reason for them to come to camp. So that was where Allison grew up, in one of the two cabins up the hill from Camp. Next door to Jared, but otherwise alone for nine months out of the year. What she remembers of her childhood pretty much consists of cooking for camp, or, at least, assisting her mother. Of course, when she was 7 everything changed. Maxine came to camp next. Bubbly and rambunctious, 8 years old Max was one of, if not the youngest camper, her first year. Which meant she spent a lot of time around Allison. Allison who, at 7, had been an honorary camper for the past few years already. Allison who toted 5 year old Jared around because they were friends still. Max and Allison became close that summer, so the next year, Allison's first year as a real camper; Allison's first year sleeping in a cabin on the small bunk beds, when Max wasn't there, Allison was devastated. It was Allison's turn to be the youngest camper, but that still wasn't anything new. Max came early the next year, and Allison can remember actually driving down to Chicago to pick her up. Looking back, she can barely remember the faint outline of a black eye and a busted lip that Max swore up and down was from a kid at school or falling down the stairs. After that year Max was always at camp early and stayed at camp just a few extra days, and some years, she was even up for Spring Break, which was always extra fun for Allison. Now that they were older, Jared was more annoying than anything. He switched on and off between chasing Allison around and ignoring her completely, not to mention that he started doing weird things like taping a calculator to his walkie-talkie and calling it a cell phone. So, for the most part, during the off season Allison sat in her room reading, and went to the small school in the little town near them and experimented in the kitchen with her mother. The school months were boring without Max. And then one summer their duo became a trio when Elise arrived. At 10 she was one of the oldest first year campers, and Allison can distinctly remember when she stepped out of the shiny SUV. Elise was the epitome of the girls that she and Max had made fun of in the past. While Max arrived each summer with a duffel bag that was clearly bought at an army surplus store, a rolled up sleeping bag with a pillow haphazardly shoved inside tied together with shoelaces or belts, and a backpack brimming with books and yet more clothes, Elise arrived in pristine tennis shoes, pulling a large polka dotted rolling suitcase behind her over the dirt and gravel. She carried a tennis bag over one shoulder and a purse over the other. Max and Allison had earned a reputation the year before for running off other girls that tried to bunk with them, deciding that one was too loud or too slow or too messy, so theirs was the only cabin free, and that's where Elise ended up. Max had quickly declared that only returning campers deserved the top bunk, and so Elise was forced to sleep on the bottom bunk underneath Allison. To be honest, they probably would have found a way to run Elise off too if she hadn't wet the bed that first night, but when Allison awoke the first morning to find Elise quietly changing her sheets, she immediately knew that the new girl would fit in quite nicely in their little group. Elise didn't wet the bed again for a few days, not until Max made her laugh so hard a lunch one day that milk came out her nose. But it was Allison that figured out that Elise only wet the bed when she was either really uncomfortable in her surroundings or really comfortable, and it was Allison who quietly slipped a note to her mother one morning asking her to pick up plastic sheets so her bunk mate wouldn't have to sleep on a damp mattress. It wasn't that Elise wet the bed every night, but when she did, Allison realized she was always a little more tired the next day and it wasn't hard to connect the dots from there. The next year instead of moving down to camp early and staking claim on their bunks Max and Allison waited for Elise; waited so that they could all move in together. Elise had begged for a top bunk, and Max relented, saying Elise had earned it for returning. Besides, she swore up and down that she was over the bed wetting, but when Allison woke up a few nights later to a damp bed, she realized the issue. She didn't make a big deal of it, just helped Elise pull the sheets off both of their beds and pass another note to her mother. She probably would have moved to another bed if they hadn't picked up another stray girl. She didn't hang out with Allison, Max and Elise though, their reputation proceeded them it seemed. It was that summer that Elise figured out that Max got to spend extra time with Allison, and it was that next winter break when Elise invited Max and Allison on her family's trip to Colorado. After that, it was silently agreed that Elise would come up a day or two early and stay a day or two late too. The three girls spent as much time together as they could, and even wrote during the school year. Allison made it a point to call Max and Elise at least once a week to see how they were doing, to talk about school, to catch up on all the time they had to spend apart. That was the pattern of Allison's life: School time and Camp time. When she was 12 her mother opened a restaurant in the small town near them and that, too, became a part of Allison's life. She loved helping her mother with the dishes, or clearing tables, or creating new recipes. Besides, if she helped out she could earn a little extra money to spend when she went to visit Elise in the city, which was becoming an increasingly more frequent thing. They never went to Max's house, and didn't really ask why either, because the one time they had Max had just shrugged and changed the subject. Instead, when Max asked them if they wanted to do the more primitive camping when they were 13 Allison and Elise agreed, thinking that since Max was more at home in the forest, it was kind of like visiting her. Of course, living in the perma-tents for an entire summer quickly turned them off of the idea and when Max asked if they wanted to do the really primitive camping the next year, Elise promptly put her foot down and Allison agreed. Not only did the primitive course require you to cook more of your meals, which meant she didn't get to see her mother as much, but the advanced course had no semblance of an outhouse whatsoever. So, 15 year old Max, and 14 year old Allison and Elise moved in to the Robin's Egg cabin. The last cabin they would live in as campers. They spent the next two summers in that cabin together: sharing stories, growing, sneaking out to smoke cigarettes because they were \"cool\" and simply enjoying each other's company. That was also around the time that they picked up another stray, Lindsey Johnson. As much as Max and Elise wanted to, they refrained from running her off because Allison wanted to be her friend, but they were somewhat overly protective of the youngest member of their group. So it was a surprise when Elise walked in on Allison and Lindsey playing tonsil hockey one day. Allison swore up and down they were just practicing frenching, but nevertheless they added it to the things they just didn't talk about. Of course, Max moved out the summer she turned 17. She couldn't be a camper anymore. Allison can remember being worried the summer before, about how she and Elise would function alone, but Max found a way. She came back as a CIT, a counselor in training. She didn't always get to see the younger girls, but at least they were together. The next summer Elise and Allison followed in Max's footsteps, and learned the ropes of being counselors. Finally, the two 18 year olds were full counselors and reunited with Max. Now, instead of sneaking around to smoke they used their free days to tip back shots of tequila in Allison's childhood bedroom. When summer ended Max returned to college and Elise moved out to college for the first time. Allison started taking online classes, still not quite sure of what she wanted to do with her life. She went to visit both Max and Elise on their respective campuses, and spent time sitting in on their classes, but it never seemed right. So she just continued her pattern of school and the restaurant, only now, instead of doing dishes or serving tables, she pretty much manned the kitchen full time. Her mom wasn't doing too great anyway, so she tried to help out as best as she could. They were 20 when things changed for good. They stopped visiting each other, because everyone seemed to be absorbed in their own world. Allison was helping take care of her mother, and the restaurant. She felt bad, but it couldn't be helped. The last straw came when Elise decided that an unpaid internship with her university's publication department was worth more than a summer at camp with her two best friends. They talked some after that, but, for the most part, it was back to being Max and Allison, not that either of them minded. Sure, they missed Elise, but Max was there for Allison when she came out to her mom, just as Allison was there after they boy that Max had her sexual debut with dumped her. The next year Allison took over in the kitchen and Max started climbing her way from counselor to head counselor to Assistant Camp Director. They were happy, for the most part. They still went out and drank tequila, though they switched to wine or beer a lot earlier now than in previous years, and they still had fun at camp, but now with an added sense of responsibility. If Allison was being truthful with herself, in those lonely nine months out of the year, what she most wanted to do was learn to cook for real, not just mass amounts of whatever the kids wanted to eat. Maybe that's what lead her to apply to culinary school in Chicago. In all likelihood, she'd never leave camp, it was too comforting and too familiar. Still, Allison couldn't help the overwhelming sense of hope that started to grow in her belly when she overheard Sally telling Max that Elise might be returning to camp for the summer. If Elise could find it in herself to come back to camp maybe, just maybe, Allison could find a way to leave. ","Summary":" A/N: Like I've stated earlier, I know that I've taken a few liberties, please just bear with me, it"},{"Movie":"Camp Takota","Title":"Where We Belong","Author":"thepocketdragon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12147700","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Where We Belong There is a tiny pocket of land in rural Illinois where time stands still. This, Elise thinks, is the only explanation for how quickly everything about Camp Takota has come rushing back to her. She remembers all the old songs, all the stories and every part of the camp routine. It should be a shock, but this place basically raised her twelve weeks a year for most of her young life, so it kind of feels like a second home. Her friendships haven't changed at all. Max is, well, Max. She was always the mature one, even when they were ten years old, so it comes as no real surprise that she greets Elise brandishing colour coded lists, maps and plans for months' worth of activities. When she thinks back, Elise isn't sure she can think of a time when Max wasn't at her most comfortable with a clipboard in her hand and a whistle between her teeth. Allison hasn't grown since Elise last saw her. It adds to her youthful charm, she thinks. She cracks jokes and plays games and downright lies to people, but Elise wouldn't have her any other way. There's something about Allison that makes this whole thing feel easier; more comfortable. Well, comfortable enough that she's not running for the hills the second she gets the chance. / The first time anything feels truly different is the night the three of them go up to the cabin. They all sit round and she tells them the story, the real story, of her failed life in the big city. The two of them react the exact way Elise predicted. Allison gives sound advice. Max hides her anger and gives her an out. Back when they were kids, Max was the one who encouraged Elise to write. If she was angry or upset, Max would tell her to pick up her notebook and take a walk. It helped. Not straight away, but it always helped. This time, Elise is glad that Max doesn't hand her a pen and a notebook and tell her to take some time for herself. Instead, she's presented with a shot glass full of tequila. It would seem alcohol is everyone's favourite problem suppressor now that they've grown up. It feels strange to be allowed in the cabin without the supervision of Allison's mom or Sally. It feels even weirder to be drinking, legally drinking, with her two childhood best friends- even if the two of them clearly been getting drunk together for the past few years. For a while, Elise half expects someone more senior to open the door and present them with a pitcher of homemade lemonade and a plate of cookies. After her fourth shot, she is hoping that someone more senior will be waiting back at camp to take care of her in the morning. They spend the night reminiscing. Looking at old photos, badly re-enacting dance routines and arm wrestling. It's comfortable and easy until Elise almost shanks the 'intruder' (even if he was hot, she didn't hear him knock and- hey- she's a city girl now. She knows how to defend herself) and then suddenly things feel different again. / Allison is a lesbian. She really should have known. This isn't the first summer she's seen the girl practically live in vests and cut-off jeans. But still. Allison is an out and proud lesbian. Elise really doesn't think it changes much. Being at an all girls' camp, the boy talk was usually exhausted by about the second week. (Plus, in their day, the resident handyman was Sally's elderly father so there wasn't even a remote chance of developing a crush during the summer). The three of them never really talked about relationships. The closest they got to talking about sex was comparing bra sizes and complaining about their menstrual cycles. Truth or dare got boring after a while because Max would do any dare, and the only person who ever got asked any 'truth' questions was Elise because she was the only one to have made it past second base. But it doesn't matter. Allison is a lesbian. So what? / Eli changes things. He's cute and eloquent and he listens, which is working out well for her. Maybe it is the whole 'all girl camp' thing, but whatever she has going on with Eli feels forbidden and exciting. Plus, Eli makes her feel comfortable. He's a lot like Allison in that respect. Elise feels like she can be completely herself around him and he would still be there. She doesn't have to change. It's refreshing, and it makes her sort of glad (in a weird, twisted way) that Vanessa ruined her relationship with 'the douchebag' (Allison's suggestion. Elise thinks it suits him perfectly) before they had the chance to make it legally binding. She doesn't feel self-conscious around Eli at all. It could be because this camp seems to make everything feel easier. It could be because he is a wonderful person. Or it could be because a) he knows about the poison ivy currently burning its way through her crotch and b) he's already seen her covered in her own urine. She kisses Eli at closing campfire. It feels like the right thing to do. His lips are soft and he knows what he's doing and he kisses her regardless of the fact that it has been days since she has showered or changed her clothes. It's nice. Just nice. / They get drunk afterwards. Elise, Allison and Max. They try to reassure Max that she has done all she can. They say 'everything happens for a reason' a lot. They calm her the best way they know how- more alcohol. Max is asleep by the time Allison stops procrastinating and goes to do the dishes. She leaves Elise with a warm hug and a kiss on her left cheek. Elise sits cross-legged on the floor for a few moments, listening to the sounds of the lake lapping at the shore and Max's gentle breathing. She can't think any more, she decides. Picking up her flashlight, she walks out the door of the office and into the night. / Eli would have been quicker getting across the lake if he swam. Elise tells him this as he pulls up on the shore in his ridiculous fishing boat. The middle finger she receives in response just makes her laugh. They've had a good time together. Every free moment she's had over the last couple of weeks- when she's not been helping Max restore this place to its former glory- has been spent in Eli's company. They've laughed. They've talked. They've put the world to rights. But something was still missing. Elise isn't sure what it is, but it's definitely missing. It takes all the courage Elise has left to look him in the eye and tell him she's maybe not as into this whole 'thing' as she first thought. She consciously tries not to sound like an asshole, and she braces herself for a sharp, painfully insulting reply that wounds her internally and shatters her self- confidence. When it doesn't come, she realises just how much of a bastard Jeff really was. She's not sure how to react to Eli's awkward side-hug and knowing smile, but she doesn't feel sad and that's a start. / Everything turns out for the best. Max's camp is safe. She has a job for next year. Allison gets fired, but that's good too. She finds her two best friends sat talking by the lake the following afternoon. The last car has left for the suburbs and the whole camp is eerily quiet. Max leaves after a while to go help Chet finish the decorations in the mess hall for Sally's retirement party. It's only going to be sandwiches and cake, but she is a natural born supervisor and so she has to be there. The sigh Allison lets out moments later is telling. 'What if I'm not good enough?' she asks. Elise thought they'd covered this, but she goes through a whole list of reasons why Allison will be the country's best chef and why taking risks is a good idea. It's about half way through her speech when Elise realises she's also talking to herself. And that she should listen when she says it's okay to make mistakes because they help you grow. It's alright if you try something and it's not for you, because you tried. It's okay to say no, but it's also okay to say yes. Elise stops talking when Allison reaches over and takes her by the hand. She doesn't pull away because, well, Allison makes her feel comfortable. 'Are you going to take a risk?' she asks, blue eyes reaching into Elise's soul. 'I might be.' Her voice is shaky, but her mind is sure. Their eyes lock. They're looking at each other. They're getting closer. Allison's thumb absentmindedly strokes over Elise's hand. She can't hear anything but her own heartbeat thundering in her chest. 'Guys!' They try their best to ignore the noise. 'Guys!' Max's voice is clearer now. 'Come on, you two. Sally's on her way.' / They don't get another moment alone until later that evening. They've retreated to the cabin. Max and Chet are having some 'alone' time in his caravan... Elise doesn't want to know. 'How are you getting back if you haven't gone with the Feffermans?' Allison asks, grabbing two chilled bottles from the fridge and opening them on the counter. Elise shrugs. 'I don't know. I don't have anything to go back for, and I wanted to spend some more time with you guys.' 'With Eli, you mean' Allison suggests. Elise shakes her head. 'It... it didn't work out. I told him last night.' Allison looks shocked. 'Why?' Elise shrugs. 'I wasn't feeling it. I... I think I need some time to figure myself out before I invite someone else in. Anyway, what about you? Are you going to be seeing more of Lindsay Johnson?' Allison shakes her head. 'I leave for culinary school in a week. I don't know what I'm doing when I get there, or what I need or anything. And, anyway, Lindsay Johnson is engaged. To a man.' Elise pats her on the shoulder as a sign of reassurance. She feels like maybe she should interject with something about how there are plenty more lesbian fish in the sea, but Allison keeps talking. 'I don't think I need anything like that right now anyway. I want to concentrate on culinary school.' A comfortable silence washes over the two of them. They both take sips from their bottles of beer. 'I haven't even found anywhere to live yet' Alison admits. Elise mentally counts the days until Allison needs to be in the city and then tries to work out the probability of there being available accommodation in Allison's price range. She's not that great at math, but she knows the chances are pretty slim. 'Take my apartment.' The words fall out of her mouth before she's really even thought about it. But it makes sense. 'It's not too expensive, it's got everything you'd need, there's great travel links, there's a good deli across the road...' 'Elise, where will you live?' She should have thought of that. She should have thought... 'I don't know. I mean, I'm not going back to work for Celia and I don't think I'll be welcome anywhere else in publishing for at least ten to twelve years...' She stops and takes a drink of her beer. 'I don't want to go back to the city. I... I have savings and I'm entitled to a lot of refunds from the wedding and the honeymoon. I think I might just take a break. You know what', Elise finds herself standing for effect, 'I'm going to write my own book. Something I want to write. I'll take a year out and I'll do it.' Allison is practically beaming at her as she sits back down and brushes herself off. 'Take the cabin.' Elise does a double take. 'What?' 'I mean it. Take the cabin. I'll take your apartment and you have mine. I mean, I might come down on the weekends or you can come up to the city when you need to, but why don't we just swap?' Elise pulls Allison into a tight hug, and presses a loud kiss to her cheek. 'Let's do it!' / It's not until the two of them are packing Allison's things a few days later that it really sinks in. When they get to her apartment, Allison helps her rearrange the boxes of her belongings she had packed before everything fell apart into three piles. 'Take to the cabin.' 'Leave in Chicago.' 'Jeff's crap/sell what you can on eBay.' Allison hugs her tightly as they stand outside the apartment building. She's borrowed Chet's car and the back is full of boxes. Boxes and trash bags (she's only human). The most important thing right now is getting that car back in one piece. 'Call me when you get there?' Allison asks as they break apart. Elise nods, willing her tear ducts to behave themselves and stop threatening to leak all over her face. 'Come see me the first time you get chance, okay?' she asks. Allison nods, clearly having the same problem with her eyes as she wipes them with her hand. 'See you soon' she says, pulling her friend into another hug. Elise feels a thumb run over her hand. It's familiar. It takes her back to the lake. Her heartbeat is getting louder. 'See you soon' she echoes as she prays, for once in her life, that time in that pocket of rural Illinois speeds up. ","Summary":" Where We Belong There is a tiny pocket of land in rural Illinois where time stands still. This, Eli"},{"Movie":"Camp Takota","Title":"Tales from Takota","Author":"dragonchrysalis","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10960617","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When Sally tells her that Elise is coming back, Maxine slaps her. It's an instinct, really, and she's probably been hanging around with Allison too long. Sally had simply walked in the morning before camp started and said casually: \"Maxine, do you remember Elise Miller?\" Of course she remembers Elise. Elise was the corner that completed their triangle for so many summers. Elise was the calm to her and Allison's mania. Elise was their best friend, before she left camp at the end of her second summer as a CIT and was never heard from again. But Max doesn't say any of this. Instead, she swallows and says casually: \"Yeah, 'course I do. Why?\" \"Well,\" Sally pauses for dramatic effect. \"She's coming to work with us this summer!\" She's positively beaming. Max's jaw drops open, and without thinking, she slaps Sally across the face. For her part, Sally barely even blinks. She's used to Max having somewhat limited impulse control. \"Oh my god, Sally, I'm so sorry!\" Max blurts, feeling stupider by the second. This is Sally , after all, the woman who is almost certainly more important to her than her own mother. And she just slapped her! Max half-expects to be sent to her room like a disobedient child. \"It's fine.\" Sally waves a hand through the air. \"It's true, though! I ran into her in the city yesterday morning and last night she called to tell me she wanted to come aboard! Multiple times, actually. I think she was excited.\" Max raises her eyebrows at this. Elise generally wasn't the type of person to get overexcited about things. Her job was always to ground Max and Allison when they got too wild. But who knows? Maybe eight years away have changed her. After Sally breaks the news, Max naturally runs straight to Allison. She skids into the kitchen and just barely manages to avoid crashing into Allison, who is wielding a very large and scary-looking chopping knife. \"You being chased by a bear again?\" Allison asks, without looking up. Maxine glares at her back. \" No , and that was one time and it wasn't funny !\" \"What, you mean the time Jared paid off one of his bunkmates to chase you around camp in a bear suit? It was hilarious !\" It's an old, familiar argument, but one that Max doesn't have the patience for right now. She gets straight to the point. \"Guess who's coming to work at camp this summer?\" \"Bigfoot?\" Allison guesses, still intent on her chopping. \" No ! Elise!\" That gets Allison's attention; her eyes go wide and she nearly drops the knife. \"Elise Miller ? Our Elise? Blonde hair, big boobs Elise?\" \"That's the one.\" Carefully, Allison sets the knife down and turns around, leaning against the counter. She looks Maxine up and down. \"You're joking. You're kidding, and this is revenge for me throwing your underwear into the lake last week while you were leading orientation.\" \"You did what now?\" Maxine sputters. \"You know what, never mind, I'll get my revenge on you for that later. Point is, I'm serious. Elise is coming back to camp!\" Allison lets out a low whistle. \"Wow, you are serious. You know what this means, right?\" \"The three of us can eat Fibernuts together now?\" \"Well, yeah! The triangle's back together again!\" \"Obviously! You know, Elise was always kind of the right angle in our triangle. So straight laced.\" \"Oh, you're so obtuse.\" \"Aww, Allison !\" \"Come on, you walked right into that one. You've been teaching fourth grade too long if you're thinking about angles during the summer.\" And off they went, down the hill, happily making plans and never dreaming of the summer that would lie ahead. ","Summary":" When Sally tells her that Elise is coming back, Maxine slaps her. It's an instinct, really, and she"},{"Movie":"Camp Takota","Title":"The Trouble With Moving On is Leaving Behind","Author":"Marz98","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10138113","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A short elise/allison one shot based on the song \"The Scary Part\" by Hannah & Maggie. Give it a listen! Anyways yeah since the movie just came out this fandom is severely lacking in fic, so here is my small contribution. If people like this one maybe I'll consider writing more? idk let me know in the reviews or via p.m. if you have any suggestions for anything else. also i'm courfeyrack on tumblr idk yeah? Coming back home's like Walking in on a secret That everyone older than me knows The trouble with moving on Is leaving behind I guess that's how it goes And I don't know myself anymore This must be what growing up is for Sitting by the small lake with Allison was giving Elise a rather unwelcome surge of memories from their last summer at camp. Not that she regretted anything that had happened, per se, more that she didn't want to be thinking about it now. Not at a time when she was emotionally vulnerable and was trying to move on with her life. Not at a time when she was only trying to hide from who she was. Because really, the story was all too familiar for her. At the end of that summer she had run away from Allison, from Max, from everything associated with the camp because she was scared. And she was scared now, and lost, and desperate for things to just be better. But if there was one thing that Elise had learned from life it was that things didn't just get better because you wanted them to. And they didn't get better when you ran away from them, they just festered and crusted over like an untouched wound, never really healing quite right. She was drawn out of her thoughts as her companion spoke. \"Penny for your thoughts?\" Allison joked, smiling as she squinted into the sun. Elise shrugged and shook her head, staring out at the sparkling water as kids shrieked nearby. There was silence again for maybe a minute before Elise spoke again. \"I'm sorry, you know.\" She said, broaching a subject that both of them had been trying hard to ignore since Elise had unexpectedly showed up at camp a few days before. \"What for?\" Allison asked, picking up a rock and skipping it across the lake with expertise. \"You know what for.\" Allison shrugged. \"I was mad at you for a long time, but it's been over eight years. I'm kind of over it. I wish you hadn't run away from your feelings but... You did. And somewhere in me there's a place that'll never forgive you for that, but most of me is over it.\" Elise nodded. \"I'm sorry I ran away. I'm running away now, and I don't get why. I've felt firsthand what it does to people when someone runs away but...\" she trails off and shrugs. \"I guess it's all I've ever known, you know? My parents never taught me how to deal with problems, the only thing I ever learned from my mother was that when you have a problem you run away and don't look back. The apple doesn't fall too far from the tree, I guess.\" Elise stared at the ground. \"Hey, come on.\" Allison said gently, placing a hand tentatively on Elise's shoulder \"You're nothing like her. You wouldn't do that.\" Elise sniffles and stares at the ground as she replies \"How do you know that? I ran away then and I'm running away now and I'll run in the future because... because I'm the fucking worst!\" she splutters, blinking back tears. Allison quickly wraps her arms around the taller woman, rubbing her back softly. \"You're not the worst.\" she says softly. \"Yes I am! Why don't you hate me? You should probably hate me.\" Elise shakes her head, still refusing to look the other woman in the eye. \"Listen to me, you're not the worst. And maybe you're right, maybe I should hate you. But I don't, you know why?\" The other woman shakes her head. \"Because I never asked you to stay. So you left. I think somewhere in both of us we know that if I had asked you to stay you would have. But I didn't because believe it or not, I was scared too.\" \"You were?\" Allison nods and smiles sadly. \"Of course I was! I mean we were best friends for years and then suddenly, what? We were more than friends? Just like that? I was terrified because I thought you were too good for me, and after you left I realized that maybe I was right.\" Elise shakes her head. \"I wasn't too good for you. In fact, I'm pretty sure you were too good for me.\" \"If I'm too good for you, and you're too good for me... I think it cancels out and we're perfect for each other. But don't quote me on that, I was always shit in math.\" Allison grins. \"It's hardly math.\" Elise teases as she swats away a fly. \"Then maybe I'm right.\" \"Yeah,\" Elise replies, leaning forward slightly so that their faces are nearly touching. \"Maybe you are. This time.\" ","Summary":" A short elise/allison one shot based on the song \"The Scary Part\" by Hannah & Maggie. Give it a l"},{"Movie":"Monte Carlo, 2011","Title":"Fate Intervines","Author":"Dont-Stop-Believin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7484858","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Hey people!. I love the movie Monte Carlo, and seen that there wasn't very much Theo/Grace stories, so I decided to write my own. I am not exactly sure how long this one will run, maybe a couple of chapters, but please read it and I am open to any suggestions you might have. This is my first time writing a Monte Carlo fic so please be kind. I hope you enjoy it :). While the whole ballroom was in an uproar over the imposter Cordelia, I however watched with a heavy heart as Theo disappeared into the crowd. I could tell, just by the way that my son, Theo, suddenly stormed out of the room, that he was terribly upset to learn that the young girl he had fallen in love with had lied to him about her identity this whole time. It was heartbreaking to see him in so much pain. It is true that it was all a shock, and I would be lying if I said I wasn't a little bit angered by it all, however, I am glad that Theo didn't fall for the snobby heirness that we were all supposed to be accompanying. Despite keeping up a false identity, Grace Bennett seemed to be a genuine, down to earth girl, much more refreshing than these aristocrat types, and I could tell she fell for my son as hard as he had for her, I am just sorry that they had to meet like this. I only wish he was not an aristocrat and she a lowly girl from Texas. However, she had a good heart, and good head on her shoulders, smart, outgoing and pretty, and as I continued to hear her heartwarming speech about why she did what she ,I could see why Theo fell in love with her. Luckily, it all worked out in the end, except for Grace and Theo. Once the crowd settled, and Grace turned Cordelia's necklace over to her aunt, Grace and her two friends confronted me, \"We're very sorry to have caused you any trouble\" Grace said, her eyes filled with sincerity and unfallen tears, however, I could tell she was trying to mask her pain. \"You don't have to worry about it anymore, mon cheri\" I said, placing a comforting hand on the young girl's shoulder. \"It was not your fault. You saw an oppurtunity, and you took it, you brought harm to no one\" I assured her, though the words hit Grace harder than I thought, as she lowered her head possibly to hide the tears that were probably running down her face. Though after a moment, when she faced me once more, there was non a tear stain. Maybe she was a better actress than I thought. \"Perhaps, we should get you back to your home, yes?\" I suggested, offering a kind smile. \"Oh, you don't have to go through anymore trouble\" Grace piped up once more, \"Not all we put you through\". \"Grace, he's offering! and you never pass up an offer!\" Grace's blonde friend muttered, the brunette bumped her however, giving her a staredown. I had to chuckle at the three of them while they bickered, for Americans they were pretty funny. \"It is the least I could do for you\" I told them, hushing them in a moment. \"After all, you did raise alot of money for the foundation. You were a great influence, Grace Bennet. Thank you so very much\" I told her, took her hand and kissed it in thanks. \"I will leave you to gather your stuff, my driver and I will meet you out front\" I said, and took my leave and making my way through the crowd. I tried to find Theo, hoping that he would be sulking somewhere near by, that I could somehow convince him to give Grace a proper goodbye before she is whisked off to the states, however, there was no sign of my stubborn son anywheres, and still no appearance by the time that the three girls appeared through the revolving doors of the Hotel de Paris with their things. I watched silently as Grace and her blonde friend said goodbye to the brunette and her Australian companion, the blonde and her boyfriend getting in my awaiting car as Grace turned back to me. \"Please tell Theo I said goodbye\" she said, sadness and regret in her voice. \"I will be sure to\", I assured her, still hoping he would appear out of no where. Before she turned to leave, she stopped and continued, \"And tell him he was right\" she began. \"I am different\". I offered her some condolance, \"He knows that\", I stepped forward and took her arms, \"But I will tell him\", I said with a sad smile, which she returned before getting into the car. Once, she was settled, I closed the door over and watched as the car pulled away, the three of us waving to them as they disappeared into the distance. I turned back to the remaining couple, \"Au revoir\" the brunette said, I bid them goodbye as they too walked off, her arm slung around his middle and her head against his shoulder. As I watch them walk off, I can't help but wish the same kind of love for Theo. And he could have had that, had he stopped Grace from leaving, or atleast showed up to bid her goodbye and confessed his love or something. Sadly, my strong headed son was not one for the romance, and now I fear he has given up that chance to be with Grace, the only real girl that he has ever really cared for, maybe even loved. God knows when they will ever meet again. That is when I suddenly had a thought: I shall bring them back together myself!. Author's Note: Hey. So, like I said at the top, I'm not really sure how long its gonna run, but I dont plan on making it this really big story, but we shall see. If any of you are my Diary of a Freak readers, I apologize for not keeping up with the story, I kinda got out of writing and have been really busy. However, if any of you are still waiting, I will keep it up again. Again, I am open to suggestions :).Thank you for reading, and please review.[Chapter 2] Author's Note: Hey People! Im soo happy for all the positive feedback to my storyu, so thanks to all of you, and I am happy you enjoy it :). I will try tmy best to update regularaly, but I am going on vacation for a week to the caribbean so they won't be as frequent, but I will do my best. Thanks again for reviewing, and to those of you who had questions, I will answer you personally. Please read and hope you enjoy :). As a father, I would do anything to see my son happy, and I knew that it was Grace that made him happy, that was certain. Just hours after young Grace and her companions departed did a sulking, miserable, heartbroken Theo apear through the revolving doors of the Hotel de Paris, and walking towards me, zombie-fied. Despite seeing the crestfallen look still plastered on his face, I tried my best to be strict. I still was his father after all. \"And where might you have disappeared to?\", crossing my arms for emphasis. \"Just for a walk\" he said softly, \"I needed to clear my head\" , which is understandable giving the currant circumstances. Theo glanced around briefly, seeing that the once full hotel he had left hours ago was now barely inhabited. \"I suppose the auction is over?\" he asked, curiously. \"Yes. We sold the neclace to Alicia Winthrop Scott for 6 million euros, and I few other things\" I said, noticing how Theo seemed to wince even at Alicia's name. \"It was very successful event, all thanks to the lovely Grace\" I said, flashing a smile to assure him. Theo's gaze suddenly snapped to me at the sound of her name, I would have thought it was the heartbreak again, however, I had forgotten that Theo had left so quickly that he hadn't been around when we had learned her real name. \"The young lady that pretended to be Cordelia\" I clarified for him, in which he merely nodded in understanding, his gaze returning to the floor. There was another moment of silence as I watched what looked like Theo mentally scolding himself for the whole \"Cordelia\" ordeal. \"She only pretended to be Cordelia for the right reasons, Theo\", his gaze snapped up to me once again when I said his name. \"She never meant to hurt you\" I assured him, however he didn't seem convinced, having returned his gaze to the floor. \"Theo. I know its hard to hear, but Grace has a good heart. You have to see it from her point of view, she did what any of us would have done, taken a chance for something greater, and to continue that for the greater good takes alot of courage\", I watched him and he seemed to be listening attentively. \"I know, father. And I am grateful to have finally met someone so real, so different\" he said softly, a small smile playing at his lips, perhaps thinking of the young lady. \"But I am afraid I have lost my chance, she must be all the way back in the States by now\" he said sadly. This is where my plan finally comes into play. \"Perhaps you need to get away for a little while\" I suggested, his gaze returning to me, he was intrigued. I walked towards him, placing a firm hand on his shoulder. \"What if you worked at one of the Foundations new schools?. I know that you have always wanted to get out of Monte Carlo and see a little bit more of the world, plus, since you will be the head of the Foundation some day, it will be good experience for you to work at one of the schools\" I said, he seemed intrigued by the idea, his face brightening at the thought. \"I have wanted to do that, to work at the school, help out the children. Get away from all these fake arictocrats and princes for a while\" he said, putting an annoyed emphasis on the titles. We both laughed at this, myself glad that he was playing right into my plan, \"Yes, they can be a bit suffocating can't they\" I chuckled, Theo chuckling along with me in agreement. \"So, it's settled. I will make the necessary arrangements. You will just have to pack\" I said, patting him on the shoulder, glad to see a smile spread across his face. \"Fine, I will leave it all to you\" he said. \"I will see you at home then\", I nodded, watching as he walked out and disappeared through the revolving doors. The smile spread wide across my face, the plan was working perfectly, and I had Theo already into it, now all I needed was to convince Grace. Author's Note : hey again!. I know it was a short chapter, but I promise the next one is longer. But anywaays, please tell me what you think, your opinions matter and I will get back to you personally. Thanks again for all your wonderful feedback, and I will try to post again soon. Don't forget to revirew!. :). XO DSB[Chapter 3] Author's Note: Bomjour!. I'm back again, and this time it is all in Grace's POV. Also, from now on, the chapters will be from either Grace's or Theo's POV, or maybe even sometimes both, and Mr. Marchand may come back in later, but for now, its just Theo and Grace. Oh, and just so there is no confusion, I DO NOT OWN Monte Carlo, Though I wish I could own Theo ;) :p. Anyways, please Enjoy!. ~Grace's POV~ Being back in the States felt wonderful and awful at the same time. I was back where I belonged, with family and friends whom love me, and I am in familiar surroundings and not pretended to be something that Im not. However, I did miss the adventure that came with being in Monte Carlo, the culture, and I had to admit that it was kind of fun being an rich socialite, even if it was for pretend. But most of all, I did miss Theo. I only wished that I could have said a proper goodbye to him before I left. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't expecting him to suddenly show up at the hotel, or even at the airport, stop me before I got in the car, or on the plane, tell me he forgave me, maybe even love me, sweep me into his arms and kiss me passionately. Sadly, this isn't some big romance movie so I didn't get my big goodbye, and I need to stop watching those kinds of movies with Emma. She's a bad influence. I never told my mother what did happen in Monte Carlo, just that we lost our stuff in Paris, and that we had an amazing time. Roger did ask about Meg, Emma told him about meeting Riley in Paris and just added that they went off to Macchu Picchu from there. So it was a partical lie, if I had told them the real truth, I would be grounded forever, even when I went off to NYU, and I don't even want to know how she would manage that. I was excited to go to New York in a couple of months, whole new place, get to make our own life, fresh new start. But for now, I just get to relax, hang out with Emma and Owen, and forget all about Monte Carlo and a certain dark haired, handsome, sweet frenchman. I sighed as I collapsed in an armchair in our living room. I have to admit that it was a rather boring rest of the summer now that our little adventure was over. Who was I kidding, I can never forget Monte Carlo or our great adventure, or..Theo. Plus, Texas was quiet compared to Monte Carlo \"Hey Grace!\" my mom suddenly broke through my thoughts as she entered the living room carrying the mail. \"You got a letter\" she said, a perked up at this, suddenly jumping to my feet, I never get mail. \"It seemed to be from Monte Carlo?\" she asked, turning the letter in her hands in confusion. My heart suddenly picked up speed, many thoughts and questions suddenly running through my mind. Monte Carlo? Could it possibly be Theo? But he doesn't even know my real name. Who would be sending me a letter from Monte Carlo?. I snatched the letter from her hands, ignoring the confused look she was giving me, though out of the corner of my eye I could see her watching me curiously. I didn't recognize the address, only that it said Monte Carlo, curious, I turned the letter over, my eyes widened as I saw the upper case, fancy M on the back of the letter. Theo Marchand, maybe it really was him!. With newfound excitement I ripped open the letter, I fumbled with it I was so nervous and excited. Unfolding the letter, I scanned the paper quickly, and as I read, I slowly realized that it was not from Theo, but in fact, his father. Why would Theo's father be writing to me?. I skimmed through it once, it seemed to be some kind of offer. It read: Dear Miss Grace Bennett, I am pleased to inform you, that your unexpected but greatly appreciated involvement in the Marchand Family Foundation auction last week, made our auction a great success, and because of you, we were able to build 30 new schools for the children of Romania. I am also pleased to inform that because of said involvement in our auction, I, Bernard Marchand, wish to grant you a volunteer position at one of our new schools. If interested, please respond by the end of the week at this address, and we shall settle the negotiations. I do sincerely hope to hear from you, it truly is an honor that you deserve, as it was having your assistance in our auction. It truly is a once in a lifetime opportunity that I do not believe you want to pass up. You will be changing so many lives, and give you a bright future. Please give this much consideration, and thank you for your time. Sincerely Yours, Bernard Marchand Head of the Marchand Family Foundation I looked up from the paper in shock. They wanted me to volunteer at one of their schools?. I didn't even think I did that much for the auction. In all actuality, it was all Alicia, Cordelia's aunt, and her money that helped build those schools, I only told the truth and encouraged others to help. Or is that what Bernard meant by my involvement?. Was it my sincerity that prompted everyone, even Cordelia's aunt, to give to the Foundation? I glanced over the letter once more, maybe I had had some influence in it, and at this, I smiled. Though, I still was a bit suspicious about Bernard's motives to offer me this \"one-in-a-million\" chance to work at one of their new schools. Why me? All I did was help sell the necklace, not like I gave a heaping donation or anything. It felt like he was planning something, which made me even more uneasy. \"What was it about, honey?\" my mother's curiosity broke through my thoughts, and I glanced up at her for a moment, before staring back down at the letter in my hands. \"Who was it from?\" she prodded further. It almost didn't register in my mind that she didn't know about Monte Carlo, so I had to force my mouth to shut before I could let it slip, which only confused her further. \"I was offered an opportunity to go volunteer at a school in a third world country\" I started, my mind working quickly to think up a plausible lie for the other question. \"By one of the university people\" I spat out, mentally congratulating myself for thinking so quickly, though I hated lying to my mother. She seemed to take the lie but with a hint of suspicion. \"Well. That's great, sweetheart!\" she said, a smile spreading wide across her face, suddenly walking forward and engulfing me in a warm hug, which I returned after a moment of recovery. Though when she pulled back after a moment, she saw my own suspicion still flash behind my eyes. \"Are you going to take it, honey?\" she asked, cautiously, unsure of where my decision was from my expression. Though the suspicion was still buzzing around my head, my heart was reminding me of all the right reasons to go for it. \"I think I will\" I stated slowly, a smile slowly spreading across my face. Author's Note: Hey again!. Sooo Grace is on her way to Monte Carlo, eeeep!. Anyways, like I said, the rest of it will be from Grace or Theo's POV and I'm planning on extending it from where oit left off from the movie :D. I hope. Anyways, thank you for reading and please be kind in your reviews!. xo DSB[Chapter 4] Author's Note: Yo!. I'm back with the next installment, hopefully you all are still with me out there. I know its been a while but I have been having some issues, I can't and won't discuss here, but just know that its nothing too serious (Im not sick or anything) and I am dealing, and I am sorry for the long delay, hopefully I will be able to post sooner, I just hadn't had the time or real mind set to sit down and do it. Anywhoo, for those of you still out there and waiting, here it is, and I hope you enjoy!. :) ~Grace's POV~ I really didn't know what to expect when I came to Romania. However, I definitely wasn't expecting to find Theo Marchand chasing after me, whistling to get my attention, and have him smiling brilliantly at me as we stood on either sides of a construction site. I was totally surprised (in a good way) and shocked, my heart pounding as I walked towards him, still not believing that the most handsome and charming man I've ever known, and the guy I was seriously crushing on, was walking towards me, the wide smile never leaving his face. I could tell that he was just as surprised to see me as I was him, just by the way he seemed to falter when he spoke, kind of in a cute way. The conversation was light, and by the joyful and surprised look on his face, I could tell he was no longer upset with me, and luckily, we decided to start over, introductions and everything!. My heart soared and I felt all warm as he took the hand I extended towards him, I had never been so excited and happy in my life!. Theo had decided to walk beside me, as I pushed my bike, to the post office with me, as we continued our little reunion, and we were both amused at the fact that it was not fate that had brought us both here as we thought, but Theo's devious but brilliant Father, Bernard. I will have to remember to write him a thank you note sometime. Once we found the post office and delivered the note, we decided that it wouldn't hurt to take a little tour around the block before heading back to the school. There were a bunch of interesting historical places, apparently there were also some old castles and medieval towns that sounded fascinating. Theo even knew of some good places that some of the socialites were talking to him about, that he always wanted to check out. I laughed as I saw the amazement and joy in his eyes as we walked down the street. Not that I wasn't as excited, I was just really happy to be here with him, being with him again in general. I sighed, not letting myself get too caught up in the excitement of it all, and knowing that we needed to get back to the school. \"As much as I would love to continue on this little tour with you, I think we best be getting back\", I glanced at him curiously, hoping that he wouldn't be too disappointed. However, I was surprised to see his smile only grow across his face. \"I suppose, we will have to arrange a little tour of our own?\" he asked, one of his brows popping, I giggled. \"Perhaps, when we're both not supposed to be working\" I chuckled, pushing his shoulder I bit, \"Come on, let's get going. They are probably wondering if we got lost or something\" I said and we started walking back up the street, the conversation still flowed smoothly, catching up on the couple weeks we'd been apart. Oh, how I missed his accent, his smile, his laugh. I was in heaven right now, and soo freakin' glad that I had agreed to this, even if I was unknowingly tricked into it. We got back at the school, and luckily they didn't seem to mind if we had taken a little detour back, which I was thankful for, for I didn't want to be fired from one of the greatest jobs ever, even if I wanted to spend time with Theo. Though there was now work to do, and reluctantly, I had to return upstairs to finish up the classroom, while Theo had to stay downstairs and start on some paperwork he needed. I watched sadly as he was led by some of the curators of the school, down the hall, but not before he caught my gaze, sending me a warm, joyous smile that I loved so much, before disappearing out of sight. With an equally warm smile spread across my own face, I hurried upstairs and back into the classroom, where some of the little kids were helping to unload some of the new books and beginning to pile them on the shelves. Or at least as best they could, I rushed over to help one little dark haired girl, taking the pile of four from her tiny hands, as she almost toppled over in her struggle to get the books on the shelf that was way out of her reach. As she felt the weight come off of her, she looked up at me with her wide brown eyes sheepishly. I merely shot her a wide smile, \"It's alright, I know you were just trying your best\" I said, \"Just be careful next time, K?\" I said, trying to sound as stern as I could, the little girl giggled as I patted her on the head, \"Why don't you help Ms. Barry over there\" I suggested, the little one nodding, understanding that she wasn't big enough for such a job, however, glad that her help was needed elsewhere. I giggled as she ran off to help the other curator, so caught up in my amusement of the little girl that I hadn't realised Rachel, one of the other volunteers had come up beside me. Rachel Brant was taller than me, I think she was around Meg and Emma's age. Rachel had strawberry blonde, shoulder length hair that curled at the end. She was also from California, so her skin tone was dark, and fairly skinny, but not like the average California girls you might see on those teen dramas. Rachel majored at childhood development at the universities there, so she was there for her part of her course, though she made me feel self-conscious about my own abilities, though I knew it was for the best in helping these kids. Rachel was also watching the little girl, chuckling, \"It seems you have a way with kids, Grace\" she said, I was startled at her words, but her words made a smile grow once again across my face, \"I guess I do\" I said, turning back to the little girl now arranging paint brushes in one of the glass jars. I glanced around at the other kids who seemed just as eager for the new supplies. \"They are so cute aren't they?\" I asked Rachel, whom merely hummed in response, \"Yeah, and energetic\" she said, also watching as the little kids ran excitedly around us. \"Are you sure you're ready for this?\" she asked, picking up one of the unopened boxes from the floor to her left and carried it to a nearby table, I followed. She dropped the box on the table with a loud clunk, and I could that it was full of books. \"Have you ever done anything like this?\" she asked, now opening the box with a small box cutter knife. \"I had done a little bit of babysitting back in Texas\" I said, Rachel shooting me a quirked brow, as if to say That's it?. \"But this is where I want to be, helping these kids to a better future\" I said, a smile spreading across both our faces. \"That's awesome, Grace. I hope we really can make a difference for these kids\" she said, taking some books out of the box and arranging them in one of the cupboards, the shelves were already packed. I joined her, I put my share in the cupboard along with hers and joined her back at the table. She turned to me with a smile as I went for another pile of books, \"As long as we focus, and put our best effort and heart into it, I know we can do it!\", a smile spreading across my face at her words, and I nodded in agreement. Just then, we were interrupted by a sudden knock on the door, and all attention turned to the door, my heart suddenly sped up at the sight of Theo. An awkward smile spread across his handsome face as a small group of kids suddenly swarmed him at the door, chuckling softly as they jumped excitedly at him, urging he would stay to play some games with them. One of the curators, Mrs. Ryan a small, slightly plump woman with short black hair and brown eyes, quickly settled the excited kids before turning curiously towards the tall handsome Frenchman. \"Can I help you with something Mr. Marchand?\", her knowing eyes watched Theo as he shifted his attention to me, which caused my heart to skip suddenly. \"Actually, Mrs. Ryan, I wish to speak with Ms. Bennett if I may?\" he asked politely, I smiled to myself as he was just as I remembered him, so polite, though I felt self-conscious as the whole room suddenly seemed to turn towards me now. \"Yes. Of course you may\" she said, gesturing for me to go to the door. All eyes seemed to follow me as I began shuffling across the room towards the door, face flaming and heart beating like it was suddenly set to jackhammer, though after what seemed like an eternity, I was out passed the door frame, and out of everyone else's curious eyes, and now watched as Theo pulled the door closed with a soft click. I breathed an inaudible sigh, my heart now a slower, though still quicker pace as I was still alone with Theo in the hallway. \"So, what did you want to see me about?\" I asked, as he turned towards me, his expression seemed to be, anxious. I watched as Theo seemed to be mentally regaining his own strength, which confused me. What is this about?. \"I was just wondering\" he began, slowly, I waited patiently while he sighed deeply, still trying to regain his composure. His bright brown eyes suddenly met mine again, and my heartbeat quickened. \"Grace, would you accompany me tonight?\" he asked, watching me closely as my own expression turned to one of surprise, then shock, his expression suddenly turned to fear. However, after a moment, a wide smile spread across my face, \"Yes. Of course\" I said, a smile spreading across his own face before he stepped towards me and suddenly engulfed me in a tight hug. I was suddenly swept up in the moment, although after a moment, we both realized the situation and he quickly removed me from his arms and we were back to our previous places. \"I shall pick you up at six o'clock? Your place?\" he asked after an moment of silence, which meant my small dorm that I shared with the other volunteers. I confirmed with a nod. After shooting me another heart-melting smile before starting down the hallway, his gaze remaining on me from over his shoulder for the first few steps, and I watched with a star struck smile as he disappeared around the corner, listening till I could no longer hear his footsteps before I opened the door to the classroom, again, the attention turned to me. Heat rose to my face again, however, I continued my stride towards the table where I left Rachel, quickly rummaging through the box as to let the others know they can return to their own work, which they had after a moment. I was surprised to see that Rachel had taken most of the books from the box in my absence, though slightly relieved that there was still a small pile left at the bottom, which I gathered quickly, \"So, what did McDreamy want, hmm?\" Rachel asked after a moment, she followed me to the cupboard when I didn't answer her right away, and I still hadn't when we returned to the table. \"Nothing much\" I started, picking up another box off the floor, dumping it on the table and proceeding to open it. For the rest of the afternoon, there was a permanent smile plastered across my face, I could hardly wait until tonight!. Author's Note: Back again!. I know its a bit longer than usual, I will try to keep them long (spread them out more or something). I hope the reunion is what you expected, I tried to add onto the movie ending, I probably could do some more dialog between Theo and Grace, but I also wanted to show a little bit of Grace interacting with the kids and curators/other volunteers and such. Anyways, I hope it was what you expected or hoped. Please remember to review...and NO FLAMES PLEASE!. IF YOU HATE IT, DON'T READ IT!. IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT: If any of you are writers of Narnia fanfiction, there is a contest going on, and all the contest rules and other information are posted in the forum: The Unspoken Words of Narnia Awards; .net/topic/100843/52684841/1/#52747283. Thanks again for reading, and please remember to review!. See ya in the next post!. XO DSB[Chapter 5] Author's Note: Heyy everybody, remember me?. Ok, I know it took me a reeeeeaaaally long time to post another chapter. I got busy with work and other stuff, I tried to write another chapter, I had absolutely NO MOTIVATION!. Anyways, finally I sat down, try to undistract myself and so, here it is. And my resolution to you guys is I will post MORE OFTEN, and finally get this done. Anywhoo, here ya go, thanks for waiting and I hope you enjoy :). ~Grace's POV~ Ever since I came back from talking to Theo in the hallway, Rachel wouldn't stop asking about what had happened . I would be stuck with her for the next two months? If it weren't for the kids, and for Theo, I would be shipping myself back home in a crate so fast! . Luckily, as Mrs. Ryan excused us and the children for the day, I was able to lose Rachel in the chaos of the kids rushing out the door, and the curator shouting helplessly to exit single file. Seeing my opportunity, I hurriedly grabbed my black and red checkered back pack and weaved my way through the excited kids. Finally, I made it into the freedom of the hallways, adjusting my shirt and backpack as they got twisted trying to maneuver around the hyper kids. Once I was sure my shirt wasn't riding up, I glanced behind me, also along either end of the hallway, to be absolutely sure that I wasn't being followed by the strawberry blonde, but there seemed to no sign of her. Sighing in relief, I began to make my way over to my assigned locker across the hall. Apart of working at the school, we were assigned that small cubby-like lockers so that we can have a place to hold our stuff if we needed it, kind of like a regular school, except I don't have all the scribblers and school supplies. I grabbed my jacket from inside the locker, closing over the door, I screamed as Rachel's face appear from behind the door, her eyes in full on puppy dog mode, her lower lip jutted out, the sides of her mouth pulled down as well, trying to look as sad as possible. After a moment to regain myself, a hand to my chest, I rolled my eyes, sighed, \"God, Rachel!. Don't do that!\" I yelled at her annoyed. Rachel broke her puppy dog look to answer me, \"But you wouldn't tell me about what happened between you and Theo, so I had to bring out the big guns\" she said, clapping her hands together again and returning to her puppy dog stare, also adding, \"PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEEEAAAASE!\" she began begging now, I sighed. She was a determined snoop. \"It's really none of your business, Rachel\" I said, gathering up my stuff and turning around, beginning my way down the hall. As suspected, Rachel was fast to catch up with me, pulling ahead of me a bit so she could turn and face me. Her expression now like a kid in a candy store, full of wonder. \"How do you know the totally handsome son of the millionaire that founded the orphanage?\" she asked, she was so excited she was tripping over her own words. When I didn't answer, she continued, \"You must know him from before?\" , that gained a flash of scepticism cross my face and I had to stopped. That's when she knew she had her in. \"So you have! Where? When?. Were you guys like together but you had to break up but you find each other here unexpectedly and your hoping to get back together?\" she squealed in excitement. Man, she was good, and incredibly accurate, though missing a few major points, but still not bad. Though I would never tell her that. \"You read way too many romance books\" I said simply, before side stepping her and continuing on my way. However, Rachel would not give and she followed, falling in step with me easily. \"I have to get my kicks from somewhere. I'm a natural for guessing these things\" she said proudly, a smile spreading across her face proudly. Or psychotic!. \"Or spend too much time worrying about other people's lives\" I stated, she turned to me with a shock expression before it settled back to a thoughtful expression, \"Your right, I have no life\" she said plainly. I admit, I had to giggle at that. Rachel also started giggling at herself, before she jumped in front of me once more. \"Seriously though, Grace. I'm sorry if I invade your privacy, but we are going be stuck in Romania for the next two months, and this is the most entertainment that this place has to offer. I mean, Theo Marchand is like Prince William, beautiful to look at but know that he could never actually talk to you\" she said, I was about to object, however, I then I remembered how back in Monte Carlo, Theo and I wouldn't have gotten so close if he hadn't believed I was Cordelia Winthrop Scott first . \"And now that something is obviously going on between you two.\" She began, though her face softened. \"I will keep my nose out of it if you really want me to, Grace. I guess I just got caught up in it all, but this place would be so boring if there wasn't just the tiniest bit of drama!\" she exclaimed, throwing her hands up for emphasis. I had to laugh, this Rachel girl might be a little loony, however, she kind of reminded me a little bit of Emma. So energetic and imaginative. I could see us being pretty good friends in the long run. \"Come on, you goof!\" I giggled, throwing an arm around Rachel's shoulders, the two of us continuing walking down the hall, laughing. Rachel and I returned to the dorms where all the volunteers were staying for the two months we were here. It was a large, four floor house. The first floor had a front office where our supervisor, Jenny Quinton stayed, a skinny middle aged woman, with long brown hair and green eyes. She was very nice, a senior volunteer, studying to become a teacher, but offered to watch over us for the summer. The first floor also included a living room/study hall along with a kitchen. The other three floors were where the volunteers stayed, each floor was complete with bathrooms for each gender, stairs on one end of the hall, and elevator on the other. The rooms we stayed in were fairly big, complete with bed, desk, closet and a couple chairs for hanging out. It also came with an intercom mounted on the wall so that Jenny could call up to us personally if she needed to. If we needed her anywhere else in the building or outside the building, she'd text or call. Rachel turned out to be a couple doors down from me, but we hung out in my room where I told her all about pretending to be a British heiress, being flown to Monte Carlo with Emma and Meg, getting to know/falling in love with Theo, confessing I was not Cordelia Winthrop Scott, and finally, Theo asking me out for tonight, which of course, Rachel squealed . \"Oh my god, that is so romantic! And you had no idea the other would be here at the same time?\" she asked giddily. I laughed, \"No clue. Apparently Theo's devious father set it all up\" I said, causing Rachel to clap, \"Bravo, Bernard. Well played\" she said, both of us laughing. Finally, after several minutes of laughing uncontrollably, Rachel and I finally decided to settle down, and Rachel turned to me once more, \"So then what are you going to wear on your date?\" she asked. Worry overcame me as I thought about all the clothes I had brought with me to Romania, not one of them fancy, or could be made into anything fancy. \"I don't know. I don't think I have the right clothes\" I stated worriedly. I watched as Rachel's expression turned to curious, suddenly hopping to her feet and pulling the door to the closet open forcefully, pausing for a second before rummaging through the bright clothes. Seeing this, I also jumped to my feet and was at her side in an instant, \"See, I told you I didn't have anything suitable!\" I said, stress evident in my tone. After a moment, Rachel emerged from the closet, a white tank top and a faded pair of jeans in her hands. That didn't help. I sighed, \"That's about the fanciest clothes I own\" I told her, gesturing to the clothes in her hands. Rachel glanced at the clothes, I could tell by her expression that her brain was going a mile a minute. Should I start running now?. Finally, her gaze met mine, a smile wide across her face, \"No. I think I got just the thing\" she said, and in one swift movement, Rachel maneuvered the clothes into one hand, grabbed my wrist with the other, and pulled me out into the hallway and into her room. Yup, she's definitely just like Emma. Finally, six o'clock rolled around, and my heart beat sped up times a thousand as Jenny's voice suddenly rang through the intercom of my room, Grace, Theo Marchand is here to see you , I could tell she was holding back a giggle through the intercom. I rolled my eyes, Rachel and I sharing a giggle as I got up from the edge of the bed, Rachel making some last minute adjustments to my outfit, \"You look beautiful\" she stated, proudly. \"Ok. Have fun!\" she said, pushing me out the door. \"Don't stay out too late!\" she called down the hall to me, \"I want to hear every little detail!\", I chuckled as I pushed open the door to the stairwell, Rachel said it would be more dramatic. Lucky we were only on the second floor. Nervously, ascended the stairs, my heart pumping faster and faster with each step. Breathe, Grace. Breathe!. In and out, he's only a boy. An extremely cute, millionaire boy!. Finally, he came into view, nervously glancing around the lobby, reminding me of when Emma, Meg and I met him in the lobby of the hotel de Paris for Cordelia's ball, except I wasn't wearing a floor-length ball gown. This time; my white tank top, matched with a sequins vest, dark washed jeans with a bejeweled pattern on each of the back pockets, and silver, strap-back ballet flats. My hair curled around my shoulders, a sparkled head band keeping it off my face. The jeans, vest, flats and head band were all borrowed from Rachel. Luckily I had brought my own make up kit, I wouldn't trust that girl with mascara if my life depended on it!. Different outfit, though the same affect, scratch the snide comment about being late. Our gazes locked as I continued down the last of the stairs, even when I walked up to him, trying not to feel so self-conscious. Theo smiled at him as I stopped before him, his chocolate eyes shining with delight, obviously he approved. \"You look great!\" he said, causing my cheeks to grow hot, and I smiled back. \"Are you ready to go?\" he asked after a moment of nervous twitching, and I nodded excitedly and took his fore-offered arm. \"See you later, Jenny\" I called to the girl watching amusingly behind her desk, she smiled knowingly, and off we went. \"Don't stay out too late!\" she called back in a teasing tone, I knew I was going to get it when I got back. When we got out into the crisp night air, I was surprised to see Theo's sky blue convertible I remembered from Monte Carlo. \"Your car! What's it doing here?\" I asked. Theo merely chuckled as he opened the passenger's door for me, \"My father allowed me to bring it over with me from Monte Carlo\" he said, shutting the door and heading over to his own side. Should have figured he would have brought the car with him. He was so lucky!. Once Theo was settled in the car, he turned towards me, smiling. \"Are you ready?\" he asked, his French accent sending pleasant shivers down my spine. I collected myself well enough to nod, hoping it came off as ecstatic. I turned to put on my seat belt, breathing deeply as I felt the car rumble to life. I settled into my seat and watched from the corner of my eye as Theo put on his seatbelt and put the car in gear. Finally, I was going to get an actual date with Theo and all I have to do is be myself!. I watched as the Romanian countryside zoomed past us in complete contentment. Along the way, we would talk casually, it wasn't awkward, just comfortable, but I couldn't help but marvel at the gorgeous view of the quieter side of Romania. Although, it surprised me, because I had figured that Theo wanted to take me around the city; not that I was complaining. \"So, where are we going?\" I asked, turning to look at Theo, a smile creeping over his face, however he kept his eyes on the road. \"You will see\" he said, though his eyes caught mine, and I caught a sparkle of mischief in them, causing my cheeks to warm again. \"I have a surprise for you\" , he turned his attention back to the road. And with that, we were brought into a uneasy silence, uneasy for me for the whole concept of him having done something especially for me was enough to make me all the more nervous, I wonder what it could be, I smiled to myself. As we drove further and further into the country, my suspicions grew, though I trusted Theo with my life, I was getting anxious to see where he was taking me. Of course, Theo wouldn't tell me anything, every time I asked, he either smiled or responded with, \"We are almost there\" Finally, I could feel Theo start to slow the car to a light crawl, and we turned onto a small dirt road, and I was even more suspicious. \"Won't be much longer\", Theo told me calmly, obviously seeing my distress, and I tensed as he briefly patted my hand. I hadn't had to worry long, for only a few minutes down the dirt road, I felt Theo slow the car down again, this time to a complete stop. Swiftly, Theo opened the car door and was on his feet, heading for the back of the car. I took this time to glanced around, noticing how the moon was half hiding behind the rolling hills next to us, from what I could tell, there was a small pond beyond the tree line. Though my attention was diverted as I heard Theo rummaging in the truck of his car for something, then the creek of the truck close with a snap, and suddenly he was at my door, holding it open for me with a smile. Gingerly, I stepped out of the car, stepping aside as he slammed the door behind me. Through the darkness, I could see Theo holding what looked like a basket, I blanket draped over one arm, and he held out his other to me. I took his hand, feeling the warm of his fingers tingle up my arm, and he guided me around the car, and across the road, now facing a fairly large hill, I paused for a moment, silently thanking Rachel for letting me borrow her flats. We climbed up the hill, both of us laughing at our awkwardness as both of us were not so athletic, my hand clasped tightly in Theo's larger one as he practically pulled me up the hill. But let me tell you, it was all worth it for once we got to the top, the view was absolutely breathtaking. Despite the darkness, you felt like you could see for miles beyond the mildly thin tree line that lined the bottom of the hill. The silver moon shining above us in full bloom sent the water of a nearby cove glittering and the stars prickled the night sky. I smiled with delight, turning to my left to comment to Theo, however, I hadn't realized he had left my side in order to set up a picnic dinner for the two of us; a red and white checkered blanket, two plates laid out onto the blanket, the basket set off to the side. I watched as Theo was currently setting up tiny tea lights in cupped glass holders all around our little dining area so we could have better lighting then just the stars and moon; I wasn't complaining. Having lit the last candle and carefully placing it in the ground, Theo caught my gaze, a joyful smile spread across both our faces, like a trance, we both walked forward, Theo taking my hands in his as we met in the middle. \"I know it's not as good as watching the fireworks in Monte Carlo, but I thought you might like this\" he said, searching my eyes for approval on his choice of date location and activity. The smile only grew on my face, chuckling, confusion flashed across his face before I answered, \"It's perfect. I love it\" I said softly. The smile replaced on his lips, he tugged me back towards the blanket, and we began what was the most perfect first date of my life!. Author's Note: What did you guys think of Rachel? Too easy for them to be friends?. Or what about Grace's outfit? I wanted her to go simple, cause ya know they were out in the countryside. And what did you think of the date? I wanted it to be kinda simple, but romantic. I almost put fireworks in there, but thought that might have been too much. This is a long one but don't expect all of them to be this long, I didn't plan on it being this long but I figured I owe you guys a chapter, and thus, this is what ya got. Im sorry again for taking so long, hopefully your all still with me here. I hope you enjoyed and please remember to review, and tell me what ya think!. See ya at the next post, no flames please!. ~ DSB[Chapter 6] Author's Note: Hey! Whats up?. So, I'm not dead, lol, I have been busy, and you know-procrastinating (please don't shoot me!). I have become slightly obsessed with Austin & Ally (ever hear of it :P) and so yeah, been focused on that, so I apologize for making you guys wait. So I hope by posting this you will forgive me!. Anywhooo..this is the second part of the date so I hope you enjoy and review please :D. I DO NOT own Monte Carlo, Grace, Theo, Emma or Meg. I only own the original characters :). ~ Grace's POV~ The night had been so perfect!. Theo and I continued our light conversation as we ate in the mixed glow of the candles and the moon, Theo commenting on how beautiful I looked in the light, my cheeks reddening for the thousandth time that night. We talked about why we were here, I told him I always had a passion for helping kids, and I was going to New York to study child care, and he seemed be passionate about helping kids too, remembering him saying that he wanted to prove that he can do something other than play the snotty rich boy. I smiled, \"I always thought you would do greater than that, Theo. You have a heart of gold\" , he shot me a polite smile, this time I had made him nervous for once. Score one for Grace, a billion for Theo. I was happy to see he was breaking out of the image of the rich and trying to do something productive and helpful with the money he had, I doubted I would be seeing Prince Dom do anything like that. The thought of the pompous Prince that Emma fell for, suddenly made me think of Monte Carlo again, and me deceiving Theo into thinking I was Cordelia. \"Theo, I'm sorry for what happened in Monte Carlo, the whole Cordelia thing\" I said softly, looking him straight in the eye so to prove that I was being serious. \"I never meant for it to go that far and hurt you like that\" I continued, feeling as though I was starting to ramble when Theo put a finger to my lips to stop me. \"I forgive you, Grace\" he stated gently. \"If I hadn't, would I have taken you out on this date?\" he chuckled, causing me to chuckle as well. Theo caught sight of the watch on his wrist, only to gasp in shock, \"It's nearly midnight!\" he told me, getting to his feet quickly. Oh no!. I was having such a good time we must have lost track of time! I thought to myself, Theo appearing in front of me suddenly, holding out his hands for me. I took them and he pulled me to my feet with little effort. As quickly as we could, we piled up our dirty dishes into the basket Theo had brought, blew out all the candles and gathered them into the blanket, I took the basket, while Theo took the blanket into his arms and we quickly, yet carefully, made our way down the hill and back into the car. Swiftly turning over the car engine, putting it in gear and turning the car so we were traveling the way we came in, Theo turned to me, \"We should be there in ten minutes\" he confirmed, finally turning back onto the pavement of the main road, \"How much trouble do you think you will get in with Jenny?\" he asked. I had taken my cell phone out of my pocket and was already texting Jenny, \"I just told her that we are on our way, so probably not too much\" I told him, shoving my phone back in my pocket. \"As long as she knows that we are safe and are on our way back\" I flashed him a smile of reassurance, which he seemed content with and turned his attention back to the road ahead. As promised, we made it ten minutes, the white numbers displayed on the screen of my phone read 11:58, two minutes to spare. We were much more relaxed as Theo pulled the car to a stop in front of the building, quickly coming to my side, opening the door and helping me out, he never let go of my hand, even as we walked casually up to the building, stopping just before the door, facing each other. \"Thank you, this has been the best night ever!\" I smiled up at him, which he returned just as dazzling. \"I hoped it would be. I wanted everything to be perfect\" he said coolly, slowly beginning to move closer to her. Grace could feel her heart begun to speed up rapidly, her gaze moving from his mischievous chocolate eyes to his inviting lips. \"Grace, there is something I have been wanting to do all this time\" he begun softly, \"Even after you left Monte Carlo\" he stated, catching her off guard. There was a moment of silence, the two of them staring intensely at each other. \"Would it be alright if I—\" he began softly, she watched him curiously, is he nervous about asking to kiss me? Seriously?. Without losing each other's gazes, Theo continued to advance on her, her heart picked up even more. \"Could I—\" he begun, now only a few inches from her. ~Normal POV~ Grace merely nodded slowly, as if stunned, before finally their lips met in an intense, yet soft kiss, their lips moving perfectly together. All the passion and feelings they had for each other in Monte Carlo finally colliding in the perfect kiss. After a few long moments, the two finally broke apart, not cause they were out of breathe, but they both didn't want to over-do it. Grace's eyes remained shut, as if lingering in her own little dream world. Once she opened her eyes, she was met with a satisfying-smiling Theo. \"I think this is good night\" he said, chuckling at Grace's still stunned reaction. Grace's face broke out into the widest smile after a moment. \"I suppose so\" she chuckled along with him. They stood there for a few awkward moments before Grace finally piped up, \"Well, thank you again for the lovely evening\" , adoration shining in her eyes as her gaze met his shining chocolate ones, his smile grew even bigger, nodding his head in agreement. \"You're welcome. I will talk to you tomorrow\" he said, she too nodded. \"Well, good night\" she said, before suddenly leaning forward, her lips pressing to his left cheek for a brief moment before she dashed inside. Stunned, Theo bid a quick good night before she closed the door over completely, catching a glance at the smile beginning on her face. When Grace closed the door over, she remained at the door for a couple of seconds to regain herself, however, it wasn't until she turned around, and was met with a furious, though slightly amused looking Jenny standing by her desk, arms crossed over her chest, that really snapped Grace back to reality, not to mention, making Grace nearly jump out of her skin. \"Have fun?\" Jenny asked, arms crossed, she watched Grace with a smile spread across her face. Grace held a hand to her beating heart. \"Jenny, you scared me\" she said breathlessly, taking a moment to regain herself. \"And your late\" Jenny retorted, now sounding more annoyed. \"Curfew was midnight!\" she spat, menacingly taking long strides towards Grace. Grace glanced towards the large faced clock that hung in their lobby; it read five after. \"Only by a couple minutes!\" Grace spat back. Jenny came to stop before her, a scowl now cross her face as she watched Grace closely. \"Curfew is curfew, Grace. You have to follow the rules like everyone else!\" she said annoyed. Grace slinked back towards the wall, having never seen Jenny act on her authorities like this. \"I'm sorry?.\" She looked at Jenny with her best puppy-dog eyes, however, Jenny did not look amused. Noticing this, Grace sighed heavily, \"I really am sorry Jenny. But this is the first time in a while that Theo and I actually got to hang out, and we were having such a great time, I guess we just lost track of time\" she said, a smile once more spreading across her face as memories of their night together came flooding back to her thoughts. She became lost in her thoughts, until she was noticed that Jenny's expression hadn't changed, and she still looked irritated. \"I really am sorry\" she said sincerely, giving Jenny the most apologetic eyes she could. There was a long pause, before Jenny suddenly burst out in laughter, breaking her intense glare at the young girl as she pulled her head back in laughter, Grace was sure that Jenny must be tearing by now. The lobby was now mixed with Jenny's laughter and the awkwardness Grace now felt. After a moment, Jenny was calm enough to talk, \"Oh my gosh, Grace!. You are too easy!\" she spoke through her giggles, wiping her watery eyes. It took a moment for Grace to understand what was going on, a smile breaking out on her own face as it hit her, \"Oh, you were kidding!\" Grace said, she now the one that was giggling, but uncomfortably. I can't believe she did that! What a b*itch!, she thought to herself, as the two girls continued their giggling fits. \"You really got me!\" Grace said, now sounding as annoyed as Jenny had played to be. Jenny was still laughing as Grace realized this was not stopping anytime soon, she made her way towards the stairs, \"I'm going to bed, night Jen\" she called miserably over her shoulder and the chuckling girl. As she begun to walk up the steps, she could hear Jenny begin to calm down off of her laughing fit. \"Good night, Grace\" she called after her. \"And seriously, don't ever break curfew again!. No matter how cute your boyfriend may be!\" she added, sounding annoyed again, which caused Grace to halt for a second on the steps, before a smile broke out on her face, and she hurried up to her room. Not long after Grace had changed into her pajamas and had plopped down on her bed with the biggest smile on her face, ready to let sleep finally take her, she was suddenly startled by a knock on her door. Irritably, she rolled herself off the bed and patted sleepily towards the door, pulling it open, about to blast the poor person for disturbing her, she was surprised to see none other than her perky friend Rachel. \"Rachel?. What are you doing here?. And still doing up?\" she asked, taking in Rachel's appearance of her pink shorts and black sweatshirt, looking like she haven't been to bed yet. \"I was waiting up for you!. I wanted to know all about your date!\" she said excitedly, walking past Grace into her room and sitting herself at the desk beside the bed, which Grace took, sitting cross-legged. \"You waited up because you wanted to know how my date went?\" she asked amused, raising a brow at her friend. \"Creeper much?\" she teased, smiling at her friend. \"I'm just looking out for you, Grace. What are buddies for!\" she said, leaning over at patting Grace's knee, Grace just laughed. \"Thank you, I appreciate it\" smiling brightly at her wacky friend. \"But can't this wait till tomorrow?. I mean its—12:30 at night! I need sleep!\" she said irritably at her friend, flopping back on her pillows. She heard Rachel sigh beside her, \"Oh Grace, your no fun!\" she teased, hitting her a little harder on the knee to try and get her attention. When Grace didn't move from her spot on the bed, Rachel smiled, taking this as Grace's way of saying she wanted to go to sleep. \"Fine. I will leave you to your beauty sleep!\" she said, getting back on her feet and starting towards the door. \"But you better tell me every single detail of the night, or so help me god, Grace Bennett—\"she began to threaten, Grace interrupting with a long and annoyed \" Fiiiiiine!\" from the bed. A smile spread once more across her face as she reached the door and opened it. She was just about to close it, when she remembered something and turned back to the sleepy girl on the bed. \"Oh, yeah!. I almost forgot. Some girl with a Texan accent called here asking for you!\" she said, watching as Grace suddenly sprung up on the bed. \"Said her name was—\" she continued, \"Emma?\" Grace interrupted her surprise and excitement now written across her face. \"Emma called here?\" she asked again, Rachel only nodded enthusiastically. \"Yeah, that's her. I said you were out, and that you would call her later\" she said, Grace just remained shocked on the bed. There was another long pause, before Rachel perked up again, \"Well, good night!\" she said with a little wave and closed the door with a click. Hearing the door shut seemed to have snapped Grace out of whatever trance she was in. A smile slowly spread across her face as thoughts of Emma and even Meg and their adventures in Monte Carlo. I wish I could call her right now, but it's—12:44? Aw man!. Grace flopped back onto the pillows and sighed, annoyed. I will have to call her tomorrow. I can't wait to catch up!, She thought to herself. With thoughts of Emma, Meg, Monte Carlo, which then led to thoughts of Theo, Grace finally closed her eyes and let sleep take her. Author's Note: Ok, I'm back. First mention of Emma! Yes I kind of forgot about them, but there will be more mentions of her and Meg and even an appearance!. Also, as I was writing this, I forgot that I switched POV's, I now realize I tend to do that, and will try to avoid that in the future, so to avoid confusion I went back and put that in for yous. I was gonna make Jenny be mad at Grace for breaking curfew for real, but I figured that made her sound to harsh, and I wanted her to be likable so I made it into a joke. So, enough of me, please review and tell me what you guys think!. Hopefully I will be back soon..I will kick this procrastination thing ;). TTYL! ~DSB~[Chapter 7] Author's Note: Happy New Year! and hello! I know I have disappeared for the last couple of months, and I am deeply deeply deeply sorry about that, really I am! I have just had no motivation for this story, nor the desire to write, plus I kind of became distracted with other things. Anyways, I am not here to make excuses, I am here to give you a new chapter! This, for the most part, is a filler chapter, but I'm hoping you enjoy it and it will somewhat, make up for my absence. Anyways, I hope you enjoy the new chapter! :D ~Grace's POV~ After spending the most perfect night with Theo Marchand, it didn't take long for me to fall into a wonderful sleep, filled with images of my amazing night with the equally amazing boy. I was at the part where we were at my door, and Theo was leaning in slowly to press his soft lips to mine, when I was rudely awakened by a shrill ringing. I instantly jumped from my confines of my comforter, and still disoriented from my sleep, I began searching for the source of the ringing. It took me a moment to realize that it was my phone ringing from its place on my nightstand table, and took a moment to glance over at my clock beside it; 7:15. Who could be calling me this early?, I thought to myself grudgingly. Its probably Mom calling to check up on me again, I thought as I unwillingly pulled off my covers enough so I could maneuver myself so that I could reach over to the night stand table. Still half asleep, I picked my still ringing phone, and without even glancing at the display, pressed the answer button on the screen, and placed it to my ear, \"Hello?\" I tried to make myself sound as alert as possible, but I must have failed miserably because next I heard in her thick Texan accent, \" Well, good morning to you too, sugar\" , I snapped up at the unmistakable voice of my blonde haired friend, the one that I considered a big sister, whom I share everything with, including the unexpected but amazing trip to Monte Carlo, Emma. \"Emma? Oh my god, hi! How are you?\" I stumbled over my words I was so excited, which earned a chuckle from the other end of the line. \"I'm just peachy, darlin'. What about you? How's Romania treating you, girl? She asked, my heart skipping that she sounded just like how she did when I left, oh how I missed her!. I chuckled before answering, \"I'm great! I love it here! The people and kids are so awesome, Em. And I'm learning so much\" I say sincerely, I heard her chuckling again, \"Though I do miss you guys, and home\" I say, my voice dropping. \"I know, sugar. It's not the same around here without you. Even Meg and I are getting along\" she said, sounding just as surprised saying it, as I was to hear it, both of us giggling. \"Well, guess that random trip to Monte Carlo did you guys good\" I joked, earning a scoff from the blonde, and I could tell that she had rolled her eyes too. \"Speaking of Monte Carlo…\" I could already tell where she was going with this just by the tone she used, my heart started jumping, \"Heard your man showed up unannounced in Romania and you guys hooked up last night\", my thoughts replayed last night, and how wonderful it was to see Theo again and making up after it killing me to leaving Monte Carlo and him on a bad note. \"Must have been a pretty good date if you didn't call me back last night\" she said, her tone suggesting we were up to naughty things, things that I would never do, my face growing hot at the thought. \"First of all, he's not my man.. \" emphasizing my point, \"And it was only a date, he surprised me with a picnic in the moonlight\" I said, my tone becoming dreamy, ignoring her giggling in my ear, \"Ouuu! Very romantic!. The boy still has the hots for you I see!\" I felt my face burn at her words, \"Is he still ding, dang, delicious?\" she asked in her thick accent, I was instantly brought back to when she had whispered that the first night we were in Monte Carlo heading to the Prince's ball. \"Yes, Emma. He's as delicious as ever\" I chuckled, playing along with her teasing. My ear drum suddenly filled with Emma's squealing, and I had to hold my cell phone arm's length away to prevent my ear drum from exploding. After a few minutes, I was able to calm her down long enough to ask about Meg and her doings. Emma told me about their trip to Machu Picchu, which they apparently had a blast on, and did some more traveling around South America before coming home. When they finally came back, Mom and Dad finally met Riley, Emma explaining they were a little skeptical about her meeting some Australian in Paris and \"running off with him\" as they put it. However, they took a liking to him and approved of him, and are making plans to continue backpacking sometime in the winter, though for now, Meg is staying with Mom and Dad, and Riley has gone back to Australia to be see his family and friends, but promised to be back for Thanksgiving. I was so happy to hear that Meg and Riley had an awesome trip, suddenly really missing her and home a lot. I also asked Emma about her and Owen, she and her beau moved into a small house not far from us, and I was excited to hear they were planning a wedding for the summer. \"Oh my god, Emma, congratulations!\" I shrieked back into the receiver, I heard Emma giggling uncontrollably on the other end. \"I mean, he had proposed just before we left for Paris but then I didn't think he was serious about it. Then one night, I come home from the diner to the lights all turned down, my man all gussied up in a black tux, sitting at a candle-lit dinner waiting for me. I nearly dropped dead when he dropped down on one knee, Grace, you have no idea!\" I could hear her tearing up at her own words, which caused a smile to spread across my face, my heart swelling. Around Texas, they were known as one of those couples that had been together forever, and everyone suspected they would be together forever. However, after what happened between them before we left for Paris, her falling for Prince Dominic and her pouring her heart out to me at the hotel one night, I was overjoyed to hear that Emma had finally gotten her happily ever after. \"That's awesome, I'm so happy for you!\" I said sincerely through my smile, it seemed like she couldn't stop giggling herself. We chatted for a few more minutes before I was surprised by a rapping at my door. Glancing over, I saw Rachel pop her strawberry blonde head in the doorway, her eyes landing on me still sitting on the bed in my pink shorts and white tank top, before lifting her arm to silently tapping the watch on her wrist, before closing the door behind her. Confused, I glanced over at my bedside table, my eyes growing wide as I realized it was almost eight and we had to be down to the classroom by eight thirty. I quickly got to my feet, making my way over to my dresser for clothes, and interrupting Emma in the middle of her telling me a story about Owen trying to fix some broken pipe in their new home, only to get a face full of water; he was always trying to be the handyman. \"I wish I could stay and talk, Em. But I really have to go, class starts in half an hour\" I rushed out, I heard her sigh on the other end of the phone, and my heart dropped, I hated disappointing my friends. \"Alright Grace, I understand\" she said, but I could tell she didn't want to let me go. If I could, I would be able to stay on the line with Emma easily for the whole day, however, I knew I had to get ready for school, I stopped in my search through my dressers at the strange thought, never thought I would ever say that again. \"But I will call you later, and we can finish our little chat\" I said cheerfully, hoping it would brighten her too, which apparently she did, because she agreed excitedly. \"Now, don't you forget us because of your French beau over there\" she teased, I merely giggled as I pulled on a fresh pair of shorts. \"I could never forget you, Emma\" I said, not even if I tried could I forget the energetic blonde. \"Alright, have a good day, darlin. I want to hear all about your adventures later\" she said sternly, causing me to giggle as I pulled a bra from the top drawer. Promising I'd call her later, we said our goodbyes and quickly pressed the end button on my screen. Placing the phone ontop of my dresser, I quickly pulled off my tank top, clasped my bra around me and put on a fresh tee before I heard Rachel knock on the door once more. \"Come on, Grace. Hurry up, I'm dying of starvation here!\" I heard Rachel shout through the door. I rolled my eyes as I snatch up my phone and hurrying over to the door, stepping into my flats, I yanked open the door to see an annoyed looking Rachel. \"Its about time! I think my stomach was about to eat itself\" she complained while I closed over my door and locking it.\"Rach, there are kids here that would kill to live in a house full of food, don't be selfish\" I scold her back as we make our way down the hall. She was silent until we began descending the stairs when she grumbled out a way to make me feel bad, Grace , I merely chuckled and shrugged at her. When we finally made it to the kitchen, we each grabbed an apple and bolted for the door, ignoring all the other volunteers' confused and curious glances. We both shouted a quick goodbye to Jenny before bolting out the door and into the hot Romanian sun, chatting aimlessly as we half walked-half jogged to the school down the road. We made it into the building a good ten minutes before Ms. Barry started her teachings, the kids helping to organize the classroom, Rachel and I agreeing to help as soon as we walked through the door. Throughout the day, Rachel and I helped the class with their studies, getting along instantly with the kids. The day seemed to fly by quickly and before I knew it, Ms. Barry was excusing us for lunch. I was gathering my stuff in my locker when I felt a sudden tap on my shoulder. Thinking it was just Rachel, I continued to dig through my locker, not even turning around. \"Hey Rach, I will just be a second. You can go ahead to lunch, I will be right there\" I said. I was surprised to hear a deep chuckle in response before I heard, \"I was hoping you could join me for lunch\". I turned around, and there standing in all his gorgeousness was Theo Marchand. A smile instantly graced my lips as I jumped forward, wrapping my arms around him in a tight hug, acting as if I hadn't seen him in months. I heard him chuckle as his arms went around my own waist, leaving me smiling into his silk shirt. \"I will take that as a yes then?\" he spoke after our brief moment of silence, I pulled away, smiling up brightly at him. \"Of course you can!. I just need to let Ms. Barry know that I'm leaving\" I said, reluctantly pulling away from his warm embrace, and beginning to walk towards the class room, Theo following. Of course, Ms. Barry had no objections, she seemed more than delighted at the idea, in a very motherly way, and sent us on our way, but not after I caught a glance at Rachel out of the corner of my eye, sending me a playful smirk, her face lit up like a Christmas tree. I knew I was in for it when I got back to the classroom, but right now, all I cared about was having lunch with Theo. I quickly grabbed my purse and jacket from my locker before we walked side by side down the hallway and down the stairs, the silence around us growing irritating, not knowing exactly how to break it, \"So, where are we going?\" I asked him, hoping to break the tension. My heart skipped again as Theo turned to smile down at me, I could never get over the feeling of him towering over me, it just made me feel so safe, protected somehow. \"I know this great little bistro not far from here\" he told me. \"So I will get you back in plenty of time\" he then joked, I almost enjoyed not knowing where he was taking me, like it was some kind of adventure, like Monte Carlo. We had driven down in his greyish blue convertible that I remembered from our first meeting, I watched as the trees seemed to fly by, the air was warm even though it whipped around us, and I couldn't help but reach out a hand and let the wind dance with it, a smile spread wide across my face, and eyes closed, just enjoying this wonderful afternoon with Theo. All too soon, we arrived at a little village I remembered from the tour the other volunteers and I had gotten when we first arrived, I was especially excited, the first time I had seen it we weren't allowed to wander around and get a feel for the small village, but now I was able to get the chance!. A few minutes later, Theo stopped outside what looked like a little bistro, I could already smell the lovely pasta and various herb seasoned breads from outside. Cutting the engine, Theo immediately hoped out, and taking his lead, I grabbed my purse and was about to open my door, however, Theo already beat me to it, and, not only had it open, but also held out a hand for me to take. The smile that had recently disappeared now spread even wider across my face, as I accepted his hand, feeling light headed as I felt him pull me from the car and to my feet, I turned to see him shut my door closed, and reach back into the car for the blazer he had taken with him incase he needed it, in one swift movement. With the blazer thrown over one shoulder, Theo smiled down at me, slipping his larger, warmer hand in mine before leading me into the shop, my heart already leaping at the gesture. ~Time Elapse~ The afternoon sun had already hit its peak and descending when Theo and I finally left the Bistro, ice cream cones in hand, giggling to ourselves as we made our way down the street. I had mentioned during our pasta lunch that I had wanted to visit some of the shops in the village, which surprisingly, Theo took an interest to, and agreed whole heartedly, I could tell he already had it in his mind to show me around the place. So, there we were, strolling hand-in-hand down the street, slurping our ice cream as it began dripping down our hands, but we didn't care, it was hands down, one of the best afternoons I had ever had. I forgot all about the school, and Rachel surely waiting to bombarded me with questions about our date. I completely forgot about the outside world, beyond the little world Theo and I were currently lost in, that is until, my cell phone ringing from inside my purse interrupted our peace. Groaning, I immediately reached into my purse, feeling around for it, before finally wrapping my slender fingers around it, Rachel's ID flashing on the screen. It was in the form of a text message that read; where are you?! You were supposed to be back over an hour ago!. Hurry back!. And say hi to Theo for me ;). \"Oh, crap\" I muttered, before pressing a button on my phone that made the keyboard appear. \"What is it? What's wrong?\" Theo asked from beside me, seeing my distress. \"Oh, Rachel is wondering where I am\" I began, typing out a response text to Rachel; Sorry! Lost track of time, I'm on my way! . I pressed the button on the top of my phone making my cell go black before stuffing it back into my purse. I turned back to Theo, \"I was supposed to be back over an hour ago. I'm sorry but we have to go back!\" I made sure to emphasize the need to return to the school without upsetting him too much. Luckily, a smile slowly spread back across his face and I knew he understood. \"No problem, I can just drive you back\" he said in that sexy accent that made me melt every time! Every time!. Smiling back, we turned on our heels and bolted back down the side walk, dodging pedestrians as we made our way back to the car, which luckily, was just down the road from where we were. Within twenty minutes, the school came into view and I couldn't help feel my heart grow heavy as I knew our afternoon together had come to an abrupt end. Theo parked the car right in front of the school and cut the engine, the whole car immediately filled with silence, besides the usual sounds of the wildlife. Unbuckling my seat belt, I grabbed the purse at my feet, I turned to smile back at him, hoping it didn't show too much of my disappointment, before turning around to open the door. My hand had just landed on the handle, when I felt a firm grasp on my right arm. Surprised, I turned to see Theo staring back at me, his dark eyes shining with something unrecognizable, a the left side of his mouth turned up in a smile. I opened my mouth to question him when he stopped me once more by tightening his grip on my arm, pulling me closer to him until I could feel his soft lips gently brush against mine, my eyes growing twice in size at the feeling, unable to move or even think, it was so pleasant!. However, before I could unfreeze, I felt Theo pull away, slowly opening his eyes, only to find me staring wide-eyed back at him. He must have misinterpreted my reaction because I could see his expression instantly change to disappointment. \"I'm sorry I know I shouldn't have done that..\" he began slowly, \"I've just always wanted to do that, ever since showing you the fireworks back in Monte Carlo\" he said with a little chuckle, I could feel my heart leap in my chest, my mind instantly flashing back to that magical night. \"I'm sorry\" he finished, sitting dejectedly in the seat across from me, silence filling the space once more. It took me a moment to register everything; from him surprising me with our first kiss, him confessing he's wanted to kiss me since Monte Carlo, and him apologizing for it. And yet, I had no regrets, I would have actually kissed him back if he hadn't pulled away. And with that thought, I quickly leaned forward, wrapping my arms around his neck. I watched for a moment as he looked back at me with a mixture of surprise, confusion and slight hope, I smiled before lessening the space between us, our lips meeting again in a sweet kiss. This time I felt him freeze up, probably from the shock of my surprise kiss attack, before finally I felt his strong arms wrap around me and pull me even closer towards him as we deepened the kiss. I am not entirely sure how long we sat there, but we were so lost in our own little world, that we couldn't care less. Once we were in need of air, we reluctantly pulled back, my eyes remained closed, savouring the last taste of one of the sweetest kisses I had ever had. I opened my eyes, instantly meeting Theo's sparkling brown ones, identical smiles spread across both our faces, and I knew we had the same thought; perfect first kiss. With one last, not so short, kiss and a promise to call later, I hoped out of the car, jacket and purse in hand, and made my way to the door of the school. I turned back one last time to return Theo's wave before watching him drive off into the distance. Sighing in delight, I made my way back into the school, lost in my own little world, heart fluttering at the memories and feelings of what it was like to finally kiss THEO MARCHAND!. I was so lost in my thoughts that I was completely oblivious to Rachel's constant patronizing of my current state, that is, until she was shouting loudly in my ear, waving a hand in my face. \"What?\" I asked, shaking myself from my thoughts. Her face merely broke out in a knowing smile, \"Giiiirl. You got it bad!\" she accused with a laugh, I merely chuckled, before heading over to my locker, depositing my stuff before continuing on with my day, my mind full of thoughts of Theo and our first kiss. Author's Note: Ok, so I'll admit it was alittle bit on the fly, how was it good? bad? Tell me what you think in a review! :D. On another note, one of my resolutions is to finish what I've started, and that includes this (and other stories). I really wanna get back into writing again, and I really wanna try to finish this story, even if it takes another year! Thank you to all for being so patient (if your still reading this) I know if I were you, I would be mad at me right now. Anyways! Tell me what you think in a review, and if you have any questions/comments/suggestions feel free to PM me or find me on twitter; at sarahgoyetche. So, that's about it, I hope you enjoyed the chapter and hopefully I will hear from you all soon, and I will try to post again soon!. All the best in 2013! :D XO DSB[Chapter 8] Hello Fellow readers, If any of you are still reading this, I know you guys must hate me by now, but I'm back, but not for the reason you might want. I'm sad to say that I am no longer continuing my stories. I know I said I wouldn't do this, and I was going to stop making excuses, but I am back at school, and don't have the time between work and school and life to be sitting down and making stories. That, and I have lost all inspiration/desire to write, sad but true. In my spare time, I like to read a lot, more than I should really, but that's all I do. I really am sorry, I wish I could continue them, I used to love to write but it is just not in me anymore, and I hate to keep you all waiting, its hard. I am one of those readers that hate when authors don't finish a story/don't update regularly, and I hate doing this now, but its just the truth, I can't keep you all waiting on something that's not going to update. So, I'm sorry, from the bottom of my heart, I'm so sorry. Please don't hate me though, I'm just trying to speak the truth here and bow out quietly. On a lighter note, if any of you authors or aspiring authors out there are reading this, If any of you wish to take on one of my stories to write as your own, your free to do so. I never imaged doing this, but if someone wishes to continue on the story where I am not, go ahead. Please PM me if you are interested, and it might be only certain stories, if not, I may be deleting them. You never know I might find time to write a oneshot or something but not a full on story, whenever I find the time. However, for now, this is goodbye. Thank you all for your amazing support, I really appreciate you guys sticking by, and Im really really sorry for the long wait and now I'm not continuing my stories. Don't feel abandoned, I truly appreciate all the love and support, but like I said, It's just not in me anymore. All the Best Thank you & Good bye Sarah-Don't Stop Believein' PS. If any of you are into Austin & Ally (specifically Raura) I am writing a Halloween themed oneshot, so look for that soon. Other than that, if anyone's interested on taking over my stories, please PM me. Thank you. 3 ","Summary":" Author's Note: Hey people!. I love the movie Monte Carlo, and seen that there wasn't very much Theo"},{"Movie":"Austenland","Title":"Back from Austenland","Author":"Hessenjeck","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11136548","Passage":"[Chapter 1] NY, June 25th 2013 Dear Diary, I'm back. What a disaster! Normally I would call Molly and talk everything through but somehow I need to sort out what has happened by myself before I go to her. It's been a really long time but I hope you' ll do. I have only been in the UK for a short time but the guy in the travel agency was right – what a life changer ! I will come to what has happened at Austenland in a minute - and boy do we have to go deep in my completely disturbing brain! Gosh, I must be so messed up to be feeling such things. Today, when I went into my bedroom I understood for the first time why Molly called it creepy . I'm thirtytwo and my room looks like a fourteen year old's. I need to get rid of all the Austen memorabilia before I can think straight. I have made a complete fool of myself. Not only spending MY WHOLE SAVINGS on this trip, oh no. Right now it goes in circles: - You fell for Nobley – You fell for a fictional character – You knew it was wrong – You then choose the real guy – The real guy was fictional – You can't tell the difference anymore, you moron. And this room it the perfect proof of my inability to see the difference between fiction and reality. Figure that for a NY gal! Don't we have the reputation to be right down to earth?! I guess I will try the New York approach and dip myself in a little more realism. Oh, just remembered – I need to go get some groceries… be right back. J. NY, June 25th 2013 Dear Diary, the big apple is a great therapist (I start to wonder why Woody Allen needed all those sessions with his shrink – yeah yeah, I know, don't go there.) Being honked at three times and yelled at four times just to get my fridge filled, I feel like I have showered in „real life\" and when I came back I started to 'deAusten' my room (as Molly has called it) immediately. And it actually felt great - and sad. Somehow it's like awaking from a haze, and now all this stuff sits right next to the door. I won't throw it away, but put it in my basement. Don't worry, I won't get it up here again. But Jesus, somehow all those things were part of my life the last fifteen years (I know, doesn't make it healthier). Later I lay on by bed in my new 'grown up' apartment and was scared shitless. I just feel so incredible empty and ashamed but somehow I have a feeling that's eventually a good sign. Cross my fingers. My Chinese takeaway is here. Be right back J. Hello again, you know, the silence from your side oft the conversation is a little frustrating – and actually kind of helpful. I think I will wait 'til tomorrow to call Molly, and you and I - ok mostly I- will have a chat about the rest of my Austenland experience. So let's get started – THE MEN (Oh god, just remembered how I giggled when I talked to Nobley about this - shame.) Right in to it – Mister Nobley: I mean, I knew he was a fictional character, but somehow some things still don't make sense. I mean I had a flutter in my stomach the first time I saw him. He is very attractive handsome and he was „the resident Mr. Darcy\". And a perfect one, that is. I keep telling me, he was playing his part perfectly, but then I start to wonder: Was giving me the pencils part of his role? - Probably! Was he sent to 'safe' me with his horse? - Maybe so (btw, that was so romantic). What about when he tackled me while we were rehearsing for the theatrical? - It must have been only silly me who tingled all over. (He was so near, I could feel his breath on my face and his hand on my knee and smell his soap). But maybe this could be admittedly a little unconventional Mr. Darcy-roleplaying. - Moving on. Was I really making him nervous? - Probably not (what a great actor he must be, because my stomach fluttered after his confession) The worst part was his confession at the ball. The great finale and I stood there and was swept off my feet. His words, his face - and he sounded so sincere! My heart was pounding. I was really close to say Yes even though I knew this was my scripted happy end proposal from the brochure. - How pathetic is that? I guess this was the first Life Changer – finally saying NO to the fantasy. But I had to get out and grab something real. Enter Martin... Boy, what a punch in the face – and the second Life Changer. I can't tell reality from play. I mean, the time with Martin was fun, he was really sweet and funny. It was nice. But I knew he was a fill in. First, because I had no „partner\", and then, because I wanted to get away from Mr. Nobley as fast as I could. Martin played a part and I finally got it. He was sent to the airport to convince me not to do anything about Mr. Wattlesbrook. So what he said at the airport was logical. But what about Nobley? Why was he at the airport? And why did he lecture me about how improper it is to be „cavorting with the servants\", when Martin was the one who was scripted for me? That doesn't make sense. Maybe the actors don't know who is scripted for whom? Hmm. And why did he say that \"I never lied to you?\" line at the airport? I mean, we both knew he played some part. And what about \"our moment\" during the play? I mean, when he said the \"I love you\" he himself seemed shocked about how that sounded. – Argh, I'm turning in circles and you're not helping. Just checked the time, it's too late to call Molly but that will be the first thing in the morning. Hopefully she'll be the voice of reason. (Yeah right!) Goodnight. J.[Chapter 2] So, chapter two. As you might have guessed I'm not a native spaeker or writer but I loved the movie and actualy I loves some of the fics here on this page (read Emails from austenland, it's fantastic!), Somehow I just wanted to try writing fanfiction, but I struggle a little with the language. So please comment and give me some tips. I would like that. This chapter starts right where the movie stops. I just had to envision Molly walking in... \"What the heck is going on here?\" Molly stood in the doorway, her baby belly pointing accusingly at them. Her voice was harsh and Jane and Henry broke apart, caught like some teenagers. \"Oh, hi Molly, this is Henry. Henry, this is Molly, my best friend.\" Jane could tell that Henry's mask he wore so often at Austenland was back into place, his back rigid and face unreadable. He extended his hand \"Nice to meet you, Molly.\" Molly took his hand, not really looking at him but at Jane. \"Yes, hi. Ah, Jane, could I talk to you for a minute. \" She dragged Jane into the bedroom. \"Sorry, we'll be right back\" Jane tried to tell Henry before Molly closed the door. \"ARE YOU COMPLETELY INSANE. You can't bring one of the actors back here. What were you thinking? This whole trip had the purpose to finally get this Austen stuff out of your system.\" \"Molly, wait, I…\" \"And now you bring one back to New York? Jane, get a grip. This is not real. They are ACTORS!\" \"Molly, stop! Henry is not an actor. I know, I told you how awful it was but apparently he wasn't acting. He is actually a history professor and he flew here to tell me he is mad about me. ME! Not my character.\" \"Jane, you can't be serious. This is not a RomCom. This is reality.\" \"Molly, I know that. The only thing I'm saying is, give him a chance. I mean, I owe it to myself and to Henry to at least get all the facts straight. And I want to know the real guy, not the person I thought he was.\" \"Jane…\" \"Molly, he flew across the freaking ocean to see me and when I told him that he could have mailed my sketchbook, he was willing to just walk away. He is not pushing me or anything.\" \"What? What are you talking about? Jane, this guy could be a lunatic, maybe someone dangerous.\" \"He isn't. I know that. Admittedly, I don't know a lot about him but I know that he will take care. Molly. He is not dangerous. I actually WANT to get to know him better.\" \"But, Jane, that sounds insane. This is not you.\" She took a deep breath and wanted to keep on persuading Jane to kick Henry out of her apartment when she looked around Jane's bedroom and realised the change. She stopped talking, a shocked expression on her face. \"Jane, what DID happen in England?\" she asked in a low voice. Jane could see that Molly was really worried, but now was not the time to explain how everything went upside down. Heck, she even didn't understand half of it herself. \"Molly, I'm fine. I had a rough time at the end but that was actually my own fault. Trust me, I know what I'm doing.\" There was a soft knock on the door. \"I made some tea, … and I just wanted you to know that the door is not as soundproof as you may think it is.\" Oh my God! \" Listen, Molly, I know I owe you a profound explanation but right now,\" Jane lowered her voice, hoping that Henry wouldn't hear her from the other side, \"right now there is this awesome man standing in my kitchen, who flew half around the world. And I actually would like to talk to him.\" Molly snorted. \"I promise we'll talk tomorrow.\" Molly scrutinized Jane, only now realising that she seemed to be a little flustered. She gave in. \"Ok, tomorrow you and your Prince Charming will come to our place. 10.30. Brunch. No excuses!\" \"Ok,\" resigned she nodded. \"Can I go back now…?\" She went to the door. \"Sure, but I hope you don't mind me asking a few questions.\" Molly followed her in the living room. Henry stood next to the small table, cups and teapot already set. He smiled awkwardly. \"So, Henry,\" Molly sat down, getting herself a cup. \"Jane here tells me you are not an actor. What do you do for a living?\" \"Actually I am a history professor. I teach at Cambridge University.\" \"So you're smart guy?\" \"I suppose so.\" He gave Molly a funny look. \"Then you'll admit that all this,\" she showed around the apartment and at Jane and Henry, \"is a little strange and fast. Wouldn't you agree?\" \"Somehow I feel like I'm having a job interview.\" \"No, no, not a job interview. Try something along the third degree. Much more painful when one is lying.\" She looked down at her phone where she had written something earlier. She whistled. \"But I see you are quite a busy little professor.\" She read out loud \"Author of four books concerning the Napoleonic Wars, the German Movement of the Vormärz and the Polish Liberation Movement; voted four times best lecturer on campus. Oh my, there is even a Facebook-site.\" \"What?\" Jane looked over Molly's shoulder, pretty impressed by what she could see about Henry on the Internet. \"Wow, quite impressive. Ok, I'll leave you two alone. Don't forget our brunch tomorrow.\" She grinned cheeky at Henry \"I'm not quite finished with my questions.\" \"Fair enough. It's been nice meeting you, Molly.\" He smiled his gentle smile and Molly nodded. \"See you, Doc. Bye, Jane.\" After Molly left, the silence between the two of them was crushing. Going back to kissing was not an option, as much as both of them regretted that, they knew it was time for a little talking. \"Do you want to grab something for lunch?\" \"Yes, please. I'm actually starving. Couldn't quite manage to eat something on the plane. I was just too nervous. \" He grinned sheepishly and Jane's heart fluttered. She grabbed her cardigan. When they were about to leave the apartment, Henry's eyes fell on the cardboard Darcy, the boxes and the doll house. \"Um, Jane, what's that about?\" Jane ducked her head. She knew she had to tell him about her crazy Darcymania, but not today. \"Can I take a rain check for the explanation? I swear you'll understand.\" \"That's okay.\" They walked towards the elevator. \"Come to think about it, with all the drama involved, maybe we should pretend – at least for a day – that we hadn't met at Austenland?!\" She looked at him. The way he behaved in all this relationship stuff made it evident that both of them had a rather bad history in the love department. She nodded. When they had entered the elevator, Jane turned to Henry. \"Hi, I'm Jane. I live at 54c. I haven't seen you here. Have you just moved in?\" He smiled. \"Very nice to meet you, Jane. No, I was just visiting a friend.\" \"You're not from the US. Is it your first time here in NYC?\" While they talked, their grins got bigger and bigger, but they both stared mostly at the digital display, watching the numbers descending. \"I have been here already twice, but always for work. It's the first time I actually have some time off to look around. I was hoping my friend would show me the city, but I must just have missed him.\" \"If you don't think it's a little too pushy, I could show you around.\" She pointed at her chest. \"New York gal and proud of it.\" \"I'd love you to. Would you accept a lunch invitation as compensation for your troubles?\" \"You're on!\" They left the lift, each trying to hold in the giggle. When they entered the street, Jane hummed the melody of The Police's Englishman in New York . Henry laughed out loud and took her hand.[Chapter 3] From: at Subject: Need help – no money for a shrink! Date: 1st July 2013 10:56 AM To: mollylagarde at Dear Molly, I'm sitting in the train back from the airport. Alas, today Henry flew back to the UK. All together, he was able to spend six whole days here in NYC and they were blissful. I think I never walked that much and enjoyed every bit of it. And we never were out of things to talk about. And just to clear my overthinking head, I thought I might pass the time to sort out some things. Humour me and help me here, will ya? (Last time I had this sort of conversation it was with my diary. A little too one sided for my needs.) So, todays problem is: I'm completely and utterly head over heels in love with Dr Henry Nobly, professor of history at Cambridge University. I mean, this is not actually the problem, but considering that we live at opposite sides of the Atlantic, I have started to let some options rolling around in my brain. But before you'll get my conclusions, bear with me to evaluate why I should try everything possible to be with him. I mean, you're always my voice of reason, so I need you to do this check with me. Will you? Love, Jane[Chapter 4] From: mollylagarde at Subject: 1-800-TALK Date: 1st July 2013 11:10 AM at My dearest Jane, I was wondering when your overthinking mind would take the upper hand over all those hormones raging in your system right now. It's good that you mailed (why not calling? Train too crowded?) and I promise that I will try to help 'evaluate' our dear Mr Nobley. But just to be sure, I'm sticking with my sarcasm and comments. So shoot! Love, Molly ","Summary":" NY, June 25th 2013 Dear Diary, I'm back. What a disaster! Normally I would call Molly and talk ever"},{"Movie":"Camp Takota","Title":"Going Back","Author":"Hartosquaredbig","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10116272","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N- Ah it's been so long since I've used that I forgot how involved it could be. Also I forgot how organized this thing was like whoa. So, hi! Elise sat on the beach, her legs stretched out in front of her. Her notebook was in her lap as well as a pen but she didn't seem to be able to write a word. So, she looked out across the water, savoring the peace and quiet. It was so rare for her to have down time these days that now she didn't really know how to use it. No one knew she was there. Not just at the lake but no one knew she was at Takota or that she was coming this summer at all, even Maxine had no idea. Camp didn't officially start until tomorrow and Elise intended to enjoy these last few hours to herself before someone found her. When she'd arrived, she could hear Maxine yelling at someone who was no doubt a new counselor and while she couldn't wait to see her best friend, she really didn't want to answer any questions about why she was there just yet. So, Elise had left her stuff in the car and quickly made her way down to the lake. As she sat there, she heard a noise behind her. Someone was there. \"Elise?\" That wasn't what she was expecting. There was no mistaking that voice for anyone else's, \"Elise!\" The voice yelled this time and she heard the sound of little sneakers running towards her before small arms wrapped around her neck and oversized glasses pushed into the back of her head, \"You're here! I missed you so much!\" \"Hi Penny! I missed you too, kid.\" \"Max said you weren't coming.\" \"I know. I'm surprising her. Can you let go of my neck please? You're choking me.\" \"Oops.\" The little girl sat next to her and placed her backpack in between them. She pulled out two DS's and handed one to Elise. \"Thanks. So, who else is here?\" The blonde said as she opened up the device and started playing. \"Ummm… Max and Chet and Allison and—\" \"Al's here?\" Elise interrupted. She thought for sure that her other best friend would have been too busy at culinary school to come to camp that summer. \"Yeah. She's making us tater tots tonight. She said I can help her make cookies later! Do you wanna make cookies with us?\" \"I would. That sounds great!\" \"When are you and Allison gonna kiss?\" Penny asked out of the blue after a few moments of silent gaming. Elise felt her heart stop at the question. That wasn't anywhere close to what she expected the seven year old to say. A year ago she was planning her wedding. Six months ago she was kicking her boyfriend out of book signings. And now she was single again. She'd decided with Eli that the relationship wasn't working and while they were still friends and went out for drinks sometimes, they would never be together romantically again. And Allison, Allison was her best friend. Anyway, they were coworkers now. It would be totally inappropriate to be in a relationship while camp was going on. But, Max and Chet… No. Inappropriate. \"Penny!\" Elise scolded, elbowing the little girl in the ribs, \"Me and Al will not be kissing.\" \"Why? I think she likes you.\" \"It's not that easy.\" \"Do you not like her?\" Penny persisted. \"I don't want to talk about it right now. It's complicated.\" \"I read your book! It was really good! Are you gonna sign it for me?\" \"Ummm…\" Elise was taken aback by the sudden change in topic, \"Duh!\" She reached over and started tickling the little girl who squirmed and shrieked with laughter. She stopped when she heard someone calling Penny's name. Both girls immediately recognized Maxine's loud voice. Before Elise got a chance to hide, the redhead emerged from the trees. \"Penny! I told you to—\" Maxine stopped in her tracks when she saw her best friend sitting alongside the little brunette, \"El?\" \"Surprise?\" Elise said. It sounded more like a question than an exclamation. She stood up, ran over to Maxine and pulled her into a tight hug. \"I thought you weren't coming this summer!\" The redhead said looking her up and down as they pulled apart. \"I wasn't but stuff happened. Stuff and things. And now I'm here! I missed you so much!\" \"Well now that you're here, I'm adding you to the staff. You aren't allowed to just bum around camp all summer. You're gonna have to work.\" \"I was counting on it.\" \"Okay. Come on Penny! Let's go back up to the cabins and we can help Elise settle in.\" Elise leaned down and let the little girl climb onto her back. The three of them walked the trail back to camp. \"So, Al's here?\" Elise asked, ignoring the subtle poke from Penny at the mention of Allison's name. \"Yeah. She got here yesterday. I wasn't expecting her but she emailed me a few weeks ago asking if she could come and I wasn't about to complain about it. Her cooking was good before but I mean it's amazing now. Her tater tots recipe is on point.\" \"Well I can't wait to try them.\" Moments later they arrived at the cabins. Elise moved to put Penny down so she could go get her bags from the car but the little girl grabbed her hair. \"No! Let's go to the mess! We're making cookies remember?\" \"Why don't we let her settle in?\" Maxine asked, \"Anyway I thought you and Al wanted to make cookies by yourselves.\" \"But that was before I knew Elise was here!\" The young brunette refused to get off the blonde's back. \"Max, it's fine. I'll grab my bags later.\" \"Alright. I have some work to do but you guys have fun!\" Both girls waved good-bye as the redhead walked off towards the office. Elise turned in the direction of the mess and grabbed Penny's legs before running at top speeds towards the building. She arrived out of breath at the door with the girl on her back laughing uncontrollably. Elise put Penny on the ground and waited for her laughter to subside. \"Come inside!\" Penny grabbed Elise's hand and pulled her up the stairs. \"You go ahead. I'll be in in a minute.\" \"Okay.\" The little girl patted her arm, in an attempt to comfort her, and then went inside. Elise took a deep breath and sat down on the stairs. She put her head in her hands and sighed. Today hadn't exactly been the best day of her life and though she couldn't show it in front of Penny, she was exhausted. She knew that later on in the night, Max would ask her all sorts of questions about Eli and she'd have to say that they'd broken up. And she knew that Allison would be mega-excited to see her but right now she just couldn't return that excitement. So, she contented herself to just sit on the steps and breathe in the fresh air, letting the essence of Camp Takota seep in and fix her mental state. Eventually she stood up and turned around, opening the door to the kitchen. Inside she could see both Allison and Penny making cookies. Neither of them were looking at her and they seemed very intensely focused on mixing the dough. Elise took another few minutes to compose herself as she listened to Allison rattle on about culinary school, recounting her adventures, or rather misadventures, to the seven year old who was surprisingly interested. \"Mind if I join you?\" Elise asked, tentatively. The two brunettes before her turned around and she watched as Allison's face went from confused to surprised to excited before her eyes. \"Elise!\" Allison walked up to her and pulled the blonde in for a hug, \"I didn't know you were coming.\" \"Yeah. I wanted to surprise you guys and—uhhhh—I didn't really know either until a few days ago.\" They pulled apart and Allison just had to look at Elise to see that she didn't want to explain herself at that moment. She looked over at Penny who was looking at them innocently. \"You knew she was here and you didn't tell me!\" Allison said, in mock annoyance. She walked over and grabbed the little girl, flipping her upside down. Gently she dropped Penny onto the ground and turned back around to face Elise, \"And now to make some cookies.\" Allison and Penny went back to their previous positions and Elise stood on the opposite side of the table, making the dough into little balls. Allison steered the conversation away from anything of importance that could lead to something they wouldn't want Penny to hear. As Elise watched the two girls interact across from her she couldn't help but imagine a different scenario in which they were in her kitchen in Chicago. A different little girl was there, similar to Penny but with Allison's blue eyes. Allison was flicking the dough at the little girl and when Elise came into the room the shorter woman walked over and kissed her. Wait. What? Kissed her? Elise mentally slapped herself for thinking about her best friend like that. She was straight as far as Allison knew and they were coworkers and to add to that Elise was a hot mess. A relationship was out of the question with Allison or anyone else for now. Elise stopped making the dough balls, she needed to remove herself from the situation for a bit. \"I'm go unwind in the cabin for a bit and I need to move my stuff in before it gets dark so I think I'm gonna skip dinner tonight. Ummm, Al, I'll see you later?\" \"Yeah dude.\" \"Good night Penny. I'll see you tomorrow morning for drop-off okay?\" \"G'night!\" The little girl waved furiously as Elise walked out. It was already getting dark so she walked out to her car and grabbed her bags. This year she had actual bags instead of trashbags. She shoved the suitcase under her bed and lay on top of the covers. Exhausted, she fell right to sleep, knowing that Maxine would wake her up in a few hours anyway. A/N- Did you like that? I'm not sure how I feel at this point. I felt like it was all over the place...? But anyway, welcome to if you haven't been here yet. I know lots of you are planning on making the move from Tumblr to here so yay for expansion! These will still go on Tumblr though so no worries if you don't like this site. Feel free to leave a review or don't, whatever you'd like. Byeeeeeee![Chapter 2] A/N- Sorry it took forever guys! But it's here now! Enjoy! \"El? El! Get up!\" Elise slowly opened her eyes to see Maxine standing next to the bed. Allison was standing in the doorway to the room and the blonde couldn't help but wish for a second that it was the shorter woman who'd woken her, \"Come on. You gotta eat dinner. Al made some really good stuff that I can't pronounce.\" \"Who are you my mother?\" Elise grumbled, putting her pillow over her head. \"No I'm your camp director.\" \"I think I'm gonna skip it. I'm tired.\" \"Fine. You're missing out.\" Maxine walked right out of the room, brushing past Allison who was still standing in the doorway. The shorter woman then approached the bed. \"Come on El. We haven't seen each other in months. Please get up.\" As much as Elise didn't want to get up, she did what the other girl said. Allison had always had some sort of hold over the blonde. She could make her do things when no one else could. Elise, who famously didn't listen to anyone, would do anything Allison asked. When they were younger, it was no big deal. She just listened to her best friend and did things for her. But now, as an adult, Elise found herself thinking more and more about what she would do for Allison and she wondered if it was healthy to be willing to go that far for another human. \"It's a miracle. Allison you've raised the dead.\" Maxine joked when the two girls emerged from the bedroom. \"Shut up.\" Elise responded, taking care to make sure that her voice contained the perfect balance of resentment and playfulness, \"If there's no grown-up juice here I'm going back to bed.\" They took their seats at an island in the middle of the kitchen. Allison produced food and tequila. \"So, El, how long were you at the lake before Penny found you?\" Maxine asked finally. \"Not long.\" The redhead looked at her dubiously and Elise could feel Allison's blue eyes on her and she found that she couldn't lie to them, \"A few hours. It really wasn't that big a deal.\" \"How many is a few?\" \"Like four.\" \"Okay. Do you want to tell me why you sat outside for four hours?\" Elise didn't respond right away. She opted to take a bite of the sandwich Allison had made. The other two waited for her to speak. \"I—ummm—I just needed some quiet time.\" Elise purposely kept her answer vague, not wanting to accidentally reveal anything about how she had begun to feel for her shorter friend. \"Alright. Did Eli come as well? We need some veggies.\" The blonde was grateful for Allison's change of topic but not so grateful that she turned the conversation to an equally difficult one. \"He said he was coming but that was a pretty long time ago. He may have changed his mind. He and I aren't—uhhhh—together anymore.\" Elise looked down and her hands and twisted a friendship bracelet around her wrist. She could feel Maxine shifting beside her and the next thing she knew, the redhead's arms were tightly wrapped around her body. Elise felt guilty when she realized that the hug she craved came from the other woman sitting across from her. \"You okay? What happened?\" Maxine asked when she finally let go. \"Uhmmm—yeah. I'm good. It just wasn't working. And we talked about it and decided to break up together. And that's it really.\" Elise took a deep breath and managed to look up to meet Allison's eyes, \"Can we talk about something else please?\" \"Course. How's school been Al?\" Maxine asked, changing the topic. Allison, excitedly began to recount her stories about culinary school. Eventually the three girls moved to the couch to continue talking. She talked for a while and then the conversation shifted to Maxine's teaching. Somewhere in the conversation, Elise fell asleep. This time no one woke her. The next morning Elise woke up to the sound of the camp alarm. She slowly sat up. She was still on the couch. Someone had covered her with a blanket and placed Tylenol on the little coffee table along with a glass of water and a note. Elise— Good morning! (or afternoon) Max thinks that you should take a day to yourself today. You're pretty bad at hiding when you're feeling shitty. So, relax, read, swim. sleep… Take the Tylenol's I left out. Oh and come see me in the mess for eating and for therapeutic carrot cutting. —Al Elise smiled at the note and downed the pills. She contemplated briefly taking Allison up on her offer of therapeutic carrot chopping but she quickly put it out of her mind. Being alone with Allison was not going to help her situation. Instead she put on sneakers, shorts, and a Camp Takota t-shirt and decided to go for a run, hoping that it would clear her mind. When Elise emerged from the cabin, she took care to avoid any areas that would be crowded with campers. She wasn't exactly eager to explain to the kids that she'd been benched by Maxine because of her mental status. She ran on the path through the woods. Soon after someone came up beside her, also jogging. It was Eli, he had obviously had the same idea. \"Hey stranger.\" He said, pulling out his headphones. \"Hi.\" Elise gave him a small smile. Honestly of all the people who she could have run into, she was glad it was Eli. \"I didn't know you were coming.\" \"Neither did I.\" The answer was short but Eli knew the blonde well enough to know when something was bothering her. \"Ummm... Is everything okay?\" \"Yeah. Things are great.\" \"Then why aren't you finger painting or making bracelets or something campy?\" \"Max thought that I needed a day to myself.\" Elise sped up, hoping to dissuade any more questions but Eli matched her pace. \"She's worried then.\" He observed. Maxine would never just give a counselor time off unless she was really concerned. \"Yeah, I guess.\" \"Should she be worried?\" Elise took a deep breath to give herself more time to choose the right words. She didn't want to lie to Eli but she also really couldn't deal with him prying right then. \"No. I don't think so.\" She finally answered and she felt like that was at least a half-truth. Perhaps Max thought she should be worried but Elise didn't think so. \"Well, I'm worried.\" \"Can you just stop please?\" Elise snapped, \"We're not together anymore! You're not my boyfriend! It's none of your business so just stop! Go run somewhere else!\" They stopped running but Eli stayed standing beside the blonde. He knew that she wasn't really upset with him. Tentatively, he placed a hand on her shoulder and then moved it down to her back, rubbing gently in small comforting circles, \"Sorry. That wasn't—you're just trying to help. I didn't mean to push you away.\" \"It's alright. What's really going on?\" He expected Elise to have brushed his hand off of her by now but she hadn't so Eli continued rubbing. The girl didn't say anything, she just looked down at the ground so he took the initiative, \"Is it Allison?\" Elise nodded slightly, keeping her gaze on her shoes, \"Do you wanna talk about it?\" \"Not really.\" \"Okay. Well, I'm always a few flashlight flashes away if you wanna talk. No judgment.\" Eli emphasized the word flashlight, hoping to earn a smile from the blonde beside him but she didn't even look up, just making a small noise that indicated understanding. Eli used the hand already on her back to draw her in to his body for a hug. He loosely wrapped his arms around her, so that she could easily pull away if she wanted to. Eventually she did pull away but not before she spent a few minutes resting her head on his chest. Somehow to Elise, this didn't feel too intimate, maybe because she knew that they were just friends. Which left her wondering when Eli rose to the same level of friendship that she held Maxine at? She stepped away from his body and smiled widely, it was genuine for the first time that day, \"I bet I'm still faster than you.\" \"Yeah right. You live in the city. You haven't been properly running in months.\" \"Fine. Race you to the dock!\" The two took off running down the narrow path and for the first time that summer she really felt like she was back. A/N- I hope you liked it! I'll be putting it up on Tumblr in a bit. Review! ","Summary":" A/N- Ah it's been so long since I've used that I forgot how involved it could be. Also I forgot how"},{"Movie":"Camp Takota","Title":"When We Were 21","Author":"Zhyan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10119492","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Don't Freak Out \"I mean, he could be kind of hot, in a rugged sort of way though... right?\" Maxine sounded like she was trying to convince herself more than anyone else, as she talked about the new camp handyman. He wasn't traditionally attractive, by any stretch of the imagination, but traditionally attractive men tended not to give her the time of day, and she was fast reaching the point of pure desperation. \"Ew, no Max, in no way is Chet hot. Besides, you can do so much better than him.\" \"Allison, I'm twenty-one years old and still a virgin, I clearly can't do any better.\" Maxine huffed miserably, quickly downing a bitter tequila shot to hide her impending tears. \"Max...\" Allison softly whispered her best friend's name, the pain of hearing the beautiful redhead sounding so defeated almost too much to bear. \"Forget it Al, just... forget it, okay?\" Maxine waved a hand dismissively before gathering their empty shot glasses and taking them through to the kitchen. Allison watched in silent, only slightly intoxicated, contemplation, as Maxine gazed vacantly out of the window into the darkness of the night. Since officially coming out the previous summer, Allison had been trying to come to terms with the crush that she had on the slightly older woman. During the off-season, when Max was in Chicago and Allison had been busily preparing to take over from her mother as camp chef, the feelings had been easy to ignore, but since Maxine had burst into the mess hall less than a month ago and engulfed her in an enthusiastic hug, Allison had been struggling to keep her emotions in check. Taking a deep breath and a final swig from the tequila bottle for courage, Allison made a decision, and started walking towards the small kitchen area. Unfortunately, or perhaps fortunately, by the time she actually reached her friend, Allison's brain had flashed several warnings at her about how Maxine was definitely straight and whatever she was considering doing could potentially ruin their friendship, and so she ended up just standing behind Maxine with her mouth gaping uselessly. \"Jesus Al, what are you doing?\" Maxine jumped as she turned around to the sight of a slightly crazed looking Allison, who did nothing but swallow deeply and give a small shake of her head. \"Okay short stuff, I think it's time for bed.\" Seeing no sign of comprehension, Maxine moved the brunette's arms to hang loosely around her neck before hoisting the shorter woman onto her back, and stumbling as carefully as she could, towards the cosy cabin bedroom to rather ungracefully dump Allison onto the bed. \"Maxine.\" Allison finally roused from her stupor, reaching out to grasp Maxine's wrist, preventing her from standing up. \"You... you're beautiful.\" She didn't look up to say it, couldn't possibly bring herself to actually see Maxine's reaction, or god forbid, allow Max to see how deeply she meant it. \"You are so drunk.\" Maxine laughed, more than used to Allison's overly affectionate drunkenness. \"No.\" Allison sighed, deeply disappointed at Max's casual dismissal. With a new-found resolve, Allison sat up and shuffled herself over to face Maxine, reaching out a tentative hand she hovered near the taller woman's face before dropping it down to rest gently on her shoulder. \"You are beautiful, Max, and if other people can't see that, well, then they're all just idiots and they don't deserve you.\" Maxine smiled sadly at her friend, appreciative of the effort, but not convinced by the words and not quite sober enough to interpret the hidden truth behind them. \"Okay tater-tot, I need to pee, and then we need to sleep.\" Maxine gently patted her friend's leg before standing up and walking out of the room, leaving Allison confused and more conflicted than ever before – on the one hand, she had sort of achieved her mission of telling Maxine how she felt, but on the other hand, she hadn't actually managed to say anything at all, and her best friend still didn't believe that she was beautiful. Deciding that she was far too drunk to deal with this at that moment, Allison just gave a frustrated grunt and curled onto her side to sleep, only panicking for a brief second when Maxine returned from the bathroom and proceeded to lay beside her on the small bed. Allison woke early the next morning, as the sun shone through the window and into her eyes; the sharp stabbing pain that shot through her head forced her to scrunch her eyes close and bury her face into the warm body that she appeared to be curled around. Allowing this thought to fully register in her brain, she cautiously cracked one eye open to gaze upon her still sleeping companion, unfortunately this turned out to be a very bad idea, because the imposing light of the sun was reflecting almost poetically off deep auburn hair and framing Maxine's face in a golden halo of light. \"Oh shit.\" Allison whispered, as her breath caught in her throat and she fell just a little bit deeper in love. Deciding that the best course of action would be to leave the bed immediately before she could do something extremely stupid, she fought through the pain of her hangover and managed to roll out of bed and make it to the bathroom without waking Maxine. After a quick shower and a banana for breakfast, Allison placed some Advil and a glass of water beside the bed for Maxine, scribbled a quick note and took the long, quiet walk back to camp. For the rest of the day Allison kept herself busy in the kitchen away from Maxine, having decided that she just needed some space to get her feelings under control. Thankfully, having to prepare food for so many people without any help kept her busy enough to leave no time to think about how pretty Maxine's eyes are; or how safe and warm her hugs are; or how her smile lit up her entire face; or how her laugh drifted through the air like music and melted Allison's heart. \"Hey Allison.\" The sound of the voice that she had sadly been failing to not think about, made Allison jump slightly as she was in the middle of peeling potatoes, and she winced in pain as she caught her thumb with the sharp point of the peeler. \"Damn it.\" She looked down at the small bleeding cut, starting to panic slightly as tiny drops of bright red fell onto the wooden table-top. \"Oh no, the tots, there's blood in the tots.\" \"Okay, okay just calm down, here, put some pressure on it.\" Maxine reached for a paper towel, wrapping it gently around Allison's thumb, then leading her to sit on a stool and moving to get the first aid kit down from the shelf. \"We'll have to throw out all of the tater-tots, we can't feed the kids my blood, what are they going to eat? How can I be a good chef if I can't even peel potatoes without bleeding all over them?\" \"Allison, it's fine, honestly.\" Maxine chuckled. \"Here, let me see.\" She took Allison's hand in hers, slowly removing the towel to get a good look at the cut, which had already stopped bleeding. She cleaned the cut with an anti-septic wipe and covered it with a bright blue band-aid. \"There you go, all good again.\" She smiled and pressed a soft kiss to the injured digit. \"Uhm, uh, thanks.\" Allison coughed, abruptly pulling her hand away and standing up, stepping past Maxine to find a cloth and spray to clean the few specks of blood off the table. Maxine frowned, extremely confused by the shorter woman's sudden irrational behaviour. \"Are you okay?\" She asked, taking a small step forwards, noticing Alison's almost imperceptible step away from her. \"Totally, yeah.\" Allison turned away, picking up another potato and starting to peel it rather aggressively. \"You're an amazing chef Al, one little cut doesn't change that.\" Maxine offered reassuringly, completely misinterpreting the problem. \"Yeah sure.\" \"Do you need grown-up time at the cabin again?\" \"No. No I'm good, I think I'll stay on camp tonight.\" \"Okay, if you're sure?\" Maxine struggled to think of something else to say, but it seemed clear that Allison probably wouldn't want to hear it anyway, so she gave one final glance towards the young cook, before leaving the kitchen. For the next three days Allison increased her effort to avoid Maxine, which was not an easy task when she had to stay mostly in the kitchen, exactly where Max knew she would be. Thankfully, or perhaps not so thankfully, Maxine was somewhat distracted getting to know Chet, but by the end of the third day her best friend's absence was very apparent, and made very little sense. Maxine became determined to get to the bottom of this strange behaviour, and, after scoping out the entire campsite, she finally found Allison sitting at the end of the wooden jetty looking out over the lake. \"So this is where you've been hiding is it?\" Maxine spoke gently, not wanting to startle her friend. Allison's eyes darted around, seemingly searching for an exit, but seeing none, she resigned herself to the conversation that was about to happen. \"What's going on, Al?\" \"Nothing.\" \"Yeah, we both know that's bullshit Allison, you haven't spoken to me for days, and I've done nothing wrong, so I really need you to tell me what the hell is going on because we have another six weeks here and you can't just ignore me the whole time.\" Maxine's voice grew louder and angrier with each word, sharp tears that she refused to let fall stung her eyes and her hands clenched into fists at her sides. \"Max, please, just leave it yeah?\" \"No Allison, I will not just leave it, we're supposed to be best friends, why can't you just tell me what...\" Maxine's heated words were brought to an abrupt stop as Allison's hands cupped her face and pulled her into a surprisingly forceful kiss. Much to both girls surprise, Maxine didn't pull away; she didn't move at all for the first few moments, too shocked to know how to react, but before long she gave a soft sigh and melted into the sweet lips that were pressed against hers. Allison parted her lips ever so slightly to dance her tongue tentatively along Maxine's lower lip, before taking said lip between her teeth and biting so gently that Maxine almost swooned. Their lips eventually parted, but their noses rubbed together as they panted softly, their deep breaths mixing in the space between their mouths. \"I'm not gay.\" It probably wasn't the most tactful thing she could have said, but Maxine felt the need to clarify, before Allison could get the wrong idea. \"You sure about that?\" Allison laughed hollowly, pulling away and dropping her eyes to the ground to hide the pain that she was sure would be written all over her face. \"Oh shit... you meant it, at the cabin when you said that I was beautiful, you meant it.\" All of the pieces suddenly clicked into place and Maxine's entire world felt like it had been turned inside out and upside down. \"Allison do... do you love me?\" She whispered it, so softly that she herself barely heard the sounds that the words must have made. Still foolishly emboldened by the kiss, and figuring that it was too late to back out now, Allison turned to look deep into her best friend's eyes and said the words that she had needed to say for far longer than she had known. \"Honestly? Max, I've always been a little bit in love with you... and I think a part of me always will be.\" Maxine didn't know what to say, but Allison smiled sadly at her, silently letting her know that her words would be unnecessary. The petite woman nodded slowly before dropping her head onto her best friends shoulder, and Maxine knew that everything would be okay, because even though Allison was hurting right now, their friendship was strong and she had every faith that they could get through this.[Chapter 2] Practicing Frenching Maxine had expected things to be a little bit awkward after Allison's confession by the lake; she had expected that her best friend would need some time and space to deal with her emotions; she was even prepared for the brunette to be upset and angry with her. What Maxine had not expected was to find Allison kissing Julia Little behind the craft hut; or sucking on Sophie Ward's earlobe in Sally's office; or pressing Maria Dix against the wall of the mess hall; and she was definitely not prepared to find Allison and Melanie Page half-naked in a disused shower block. It was this final sight that made Maxine snap, and before she knew what she was doing she had turned every faucet on full, covering the kissing women in a spluttering of cold, brownish-yellow water. \"What the hell Maxine?\" Allison yelled after the initial shock of being soaked had worn off. \"Leave.\" Maxine commanded coldly, glaring straight at Melanie, who at least had the decency to look guilty as she gathered her clothes and ran towards the doorway. \"What are you doing Al?\" There was a disappointed tone to Max's voice that Allison chose not to acknowledge. \"Well, currently I'm freezing my ass off, thank you very much.\" To emphasise her point, Allison looked down at herself and suddenly realised that her thin white t-shirt had become completely transparent and was clinging rather obviously to her petite breasts. In a blind panic she clung to the front of her top and pulled it forwards away from her skin. Having noticed the same thing at the exact same time, Maxine picked up a previously discarded camp hoodie and threw it towards her friend, unintentionally, but rather satisfyingly, hitting the shorter woman in the face. \"What is your problem Max?\" Allison snapped, pulling the hoodie over her head before stepping into Maxine's personal space, somehow managing to seem intimidating despite her small height. \"My problem is you sucking face with every camp counselor you can find.\" \"Why on earth would that bother you ? Last I checked you were straight and not interested.\" They were practically nose to nose by now, tension crackling in the air between them and Maxine realised that Allison had no intention of backing down. She took a small step back and lowered her voice in an attempt to defuse the situation. \"Allison, come on, that's not fair. I thought we were okay?\" The fire suddenly drained from Allison's eyes and her entire body slumped in utter defeat. \"Okay? How is this okay? You broke my heart, Maxine, you're my best friend and you broke my heart, so please, please don't you dare talk to me about what's not fucking fair.\" With tears rolling down her cheeks Allison brushed past the redhead and trudged out into the woods were she could be alone. Later that day, Maxine had holed herself up in the office under the pretence of helping Sally with paperwork. The older woman had thought nothing of it to begin with – she was getting used to the young counselor showing an interest in the business side of camp – but when the young redhead had thrown her pen across the desk and dropped her head into her hands, Sally realised that something was very wrong. Without a word, Sally reached into the top drawer of her desk, pulled out her emergency bottle of scotch and poured out two drinks. She gently nudged Maxine's shoulder and handed her one of the drinks, watching as the youngster took a welcomed gulp. \"Do you want to talk, or are you going to make me have to guess what's wrong?\" The older woman prompted, after a significant silence. \"It's nothing Sally, I just couldn't get the numbers to add up that's all.\" Maxine gave an unconvincing smile to which Sally just nodded knowingly, realising that Maxine wasn't going to open up quite so freely. \"Okay, if you say so.\" Both women resumed their work, Maxine burying her head deeper into the spreadsheet she was working on, and Sally stealing glances as she considered how best to tackle what she suspected was going on. People underestimated her, she knew this; they assumed that just because she spent the majority of her time in the office, she was unaware of most of the general day to day goings on, but the truth was, she made it her business to be very aware of everything that was happening at her camp. \"Have you seen Allison today, I noticed she wasn't in the mess at lunch?\" The way that the colour drained from Maxine's face was all the confirmation that Sally needed, and her arms were wrapped comfortingly around the young woman's shoulders before even a single tear had time to form. \"I messed up, Sally, everything is so messed up and, and I don't know how to make it right.\" Maxine collapsed into her mentor's embrace as silent sobs wracked her body, and Sally whispered soft reassurances until she began to calm down. Raising the redhead's face, Sally brushed the tears from her cheeks and offered what wisdom she could. \"Sweetie, I don't know exactly what's going on between the two of you, but I do know that you've been inseparable since you were eight years old, I know that you care for one another very deeply, and I know that nobody in the world can make that girl smile more than you do.\" She pressed her hand gently above where Maxine's heart was beating in her chest. \"Just look in here, Max; you know what you need to do.\" \"Thanks Sally.\" Maxine smiled as a small spark of hope began to swell in her chest. Early the next morning, when Allison wandered into the kitchen to make a start on breakfast, she was shocked to find that Maxine was already there messily mixing up pancake batter. Disgruntled by the other woman's presence, but in no mood to get into another argument, Allison chose to just ignore Max and situated herself as far from the redhead as possible to make toast. Although the air was thick between them, the two women had known each other long enough to work together in almost perfect, albeit silent, synchronisation. Once breakfast was made and everyone had finished eating, Maxine wordlessly helped clean up the mess hall and then left for her daily activities. The following two mornings, Maxine was once again in the kitchen, and once again the two women worked in silence as they had the previous day. Unlike the first morning, however, instead of blatantly refusing to acknowledge her existence, Allison spent rather a lot of the time stealing curious glances at her best friend. On the fourth morning, Allison couldn't stop herself from smiling as she stood just outside the small building, secretly listening to Maxine sing and dance her way around the kitchen, and she just barely managed to hide a giggle when the small performance ended abruptly as she walked through the door. That morning was when the silence was broken, and though they shared little more than small talk, it was a huge and very welcome step in the right direction. The kitchen was silent and empty on the fifth morning, which didn't bother Allison too much to begin with because she assumed that Maxine must have over-slept, but as the time dragged on and everybody except for Maxine had arrived and eaten breakfast, the young chef had been a little perplexed. When lunch time had come and gone, with still no sign of the redhead, Allison's confusion had given way to concern and she quickly cleared away the lunch plates, made two grilled cheese sandwiches, and set off to find her absent friend. The camp schedule pinned to Sally's notice board had proved to be less than helpful, and the camp director herself had no idea where Maxine might be spending her free time, so Allison set about checking her favourite places, starting with the woodshed. \"Chet, have you seen Max today? \"Uh... she said not to tell anyone.\" \"That you'd seen her?\" \"That she was in here. She's not here now.\" \"Well, do you know where she went?\" \"She's not here.\" \"Yeah, you said that.\" \"Okay.\" Realising that she wasn't going to get any sense out of the handyman Allison simply rolled her eyes and headed out towards the lake, where a she found a group of older campers canoeing, but no sign of Maxine. She headed into the woods, trudging along the wilderness trail, cracking twigs beneath her feet and brushing her way through the thick bushes until she reached the camp-out field. There was no immediate sign of anyone, and Allison almost continued on her way until she noticed something moving within the large tent. \"Max?\" The short brunette called out tentatively as she poked her head through the unzipped doorway. Maxine didn't answer, but nor did she show any sign of wanting to leave, so Allison walked further into the tent and sat herself down beside the redhead. \"Thought you might like a snack, since you skipped breakfast and lunch.\" Allison dropped one of the sandwiches into Maxine's lap before quietly eating the other. \"I missed you this morning; breakfast is kind of insane with no help.\" Allison joked, hoping to at least raise a smile, but to no avail. \"Are you avoiding me or something?\" \"Not really.\" Maxine finally spoke. \"I just needed to work through some stuff.\" \"Stuff to do with me?\" Allison asked quietly, unsure if it was wise to push the subject or not. Maxine turned to face her but didn't respond; she just opened and closed her mouth uselessly a few times, then frowned in thought. \"You confuse the hell out of me Al. I'm straight, I am completely straight as a damn arrow, but, but you kissed me and it was incredible, and then you started kissing other people and I straight up wanted to slap them all. You're my best friend, Allison, I care for you more than anything in the world, I love you, and I would do anything just to see you happy... but I have never had feelings like this for a girl before, this is all completely new to me, it's huge and terrifying and I don't want to mess it up. I don't want to just lead you on and then end up hurting you and destroying our friendship.\" Maxine's confession took Allison completely by surprise, but she understood how difficult it must have been for the redhead to admit it and so she held her friend in silent support as they both tried to wrap their head's around what all of this meant. \"Max, I know this is scary and that so much could go wrong, but, but what if we just keep it simple? I'm not asking you to fall in love with me, I don't expect us to ride off into the sunset together... let's just take one day at a time and figure this all out together, no pressure, no expectations, just us, yeah?\" Maxine frowned, almost over-whelmed by the potential weight of the situation, but somewhat comforted by the promise of no pressure. \"Yeah, I mean, I guess that could work... I just, I really don't want to lose you Allison.\" \"Okay, I know I'm small but I don't think I'm likely to get lost.\" Allison joked, desperate to make things less serious, she smiled happily when Maxine rolled her eyes and gently nudged her shoulder. \"What do you want, Max?\" The shorter girl inquired after a moment of comfortable silence. \"Well, I really want to kiss you again, if that's okay?\" \"That is definitely okay.\" Allison grinned, her eyes sparkling with sheer joy as she threaded her fingers through soft auburn hair, and captured Maxine's lips in an intensely delicate kiss. ","Summary":" Don't Freak Out \"I mean, he could be kind of hot, in a rugged sort of way though... right?\" Maxin"},{"Movie":"Camp Takota","Title":"See a Penny, pick it up","Author":"brv31496","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10117966","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Don't forget to review! \"Elise… Elise…ELISE!\" \"CARROTS!\" Elise yells as she jolts out of sleep. Elise screams again as her foot gets stuck in her blanket and she ends up tumbling on to the wooded floor. She blinks a few times and she can finally see the little person that woke her up. \"Penny? What are you doing in my cabin? The sun isn't awake yet, so you shouldn't be either.\" Penny shrugs at Elise who still hasn't bothered to get up from the floor. \"I-I can't sleep. Madison snores so loud I can hear her across the room and Amanda farts and the frogs won't stop making noise and I think I ate to many tater tots and.… it's dark…. Can't I sleep in here tonight?\" Elise sighs pushing herself up from the floor to sit on her bed. She pats the spot next to her and smiles when Penny plops down. \"I don't know if you want to, I've been known fart so loud I scare myself awake.\" Elise winks causing Penny to giggle. \"But I can keep those evil frogs away from snatching your little toes off.\" Penny's smile is instantly replaced with fear. \"My toes? They'll take my toes?!\" Penny grabs on to her feet as her gaze anxiously darts around. Elise face palms. Thinking quickly to try to calm the small child, Elise says \"well not if you have a belly full of tots. You said you ate a lot didn't you?\" Penny nods. \"Well then you're all set! Come on let's go to bed before I say anything else to ruin your childhood.\" Elise scoots back and holds open the blanket for Penny. Taking one more look around the room for the toes-snatching frogs, Penny climbs in next to Elise. \"G'night Elise.\" Penny yawns as she snuggles up into Elise's side. Elise smiles. \"Go to sleep Penny.\"[Chapter 2] Don't forget to review! \"Elise? I'm gonna need you to check in Penny's cabin again, she's the only on that isn't at the Ke$ha Glitter Egg Toss.\" Maxine radioed. Elise heaved herself up from the spot on the dock where she had been sun bathing on her break. \"Sure Max. I'm on my way\" \"Thank you and you forgot to say over. Over.\" \"Max, really? Are we really going to do this every time?\" \"El.\" \"Max.\" \"El.\" Elise sighs. \"Over.\" \"Thank you ! Over.\" Elise trudges up the dock towards the youngest girl's cabin. She knew Penny would be in her bunk playing her game again, so when Elise throws open the door to Penny's cabin, she yells \"I got you!\" But this time there is no scream or giggle from Penny like there normally was and when Elise scans the room, she finds it empty. \"Where's that little munchkin?\" Elise begins to worry. Elise walks over to Penny's bed and bends down to look under the bed but Penny isn't there either. Elise looks up and sees is both of Penny's games on her bed. She shakes her head as she stands back up. \"I've really got to teach that kid about breaking the rules correctly.\" Knowing they'll get confiscated if anyone sees them, Elise shoves the game consoles under Penny's pillow. Elise reaches for her radio to tell Maxine that Penny is missing but she realizes that she had left it on the dock. Not wanting to go all the way back to the dock, Elise decides to see if she can use Alison's radio instead. She quickly walks out of the cabin and heads towards the Mess. As she approaches, she can hear laughter. She turns the corner to go into the kitchen and calls out. \"Al? I need to borrow yo-\" Elise stops and breathes a sigh of relief when she sees Penny standing next to Alison, helping her put frozen tater-tots onto a baking tray. \"Now don't forget to tell the tots how pretty they are, they're a little self-conscious about their shape.\" Alison explains to Penny. \"I can see that.\" Penny nods in understanding and then turns to the potatoes. \"But don't worry; you're going to look beautiful after you cook.\" Elise laughs loudly from her spot by the door, startling Alison and Penny. Alison whips around towards Elise and as she does so, her elbow knocks one of the baking trays off of the counter, causing all of the tater tots to roll onto the floor. \"My tots!\" Alison yells as she falls to the floor on her knees. \"Fu-dge sickle!\" Elise yells quickly remembering that there was a small child in the room. \"I'm so sorry Al, I didn't mean to scare you.\" Alison shakes her head from her spot on the floor and says \"It's fine.\" Penny jumps into the conversation. \"It's not fine! It's a ca-TOTS-rophe!\" ","Summary":" Don't forget to review! \"Elise… Elise…ELISE!\" \"CARROTS!\" Elise yells as she jolts out of sleep."},{"Movie":"Monte Carlo, 2011","Title":"We'll Make it Through","Author":"RomanceDramaAzngrl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7322473","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (Didn't know where to put this...) Hey RomanceDramaAzngrl here! Well so over the Fourth of July weekend I saw Monte Carlo and I absolutely loved it! It was such a cute funny, and sweet movie! Also I love Selena Gomez! Well i decided to write something about it. Probably make it a story! But I do need some supporters to know if I should continue or not! Well please enjoy! And don't forget to review later! :D It's been about five months since my adventure with Emma and Meg. It seems like it was so long ago, but I remember everything as if it happened just yesterday. The trip in Paris impacted Emma's and Meg's life. Emma realize she's happy in simple Texas with her truck-loving football player, Owen; which by the way she's getting married next spring. Meg meeting the guy thay brought her back to the happy Meg I never met. The two got back from Taiwan just about a month ago so Meg could finish out her last year at the University of Dallas. I'm happy though. Everything was kind of the same for me. But now knowing who I am now. Now as for Theo and I...Well you would think we would be a \"thing\" right? Nope. We're just friends...For now...I hope. I explained everything to him when we met in Romania, especially how everything I felt towards him was true. He understood the whole thing, but I could tell how hurt he was from the lying. But I was happy that he said he didn't regret any of the time we spent together... Especially that kiss... Oh and Cordelia? Haven't heard of her ever since Monte Carlo. Luckily the whole look-alike thing was controlled from the press and just made it look like Cordelia being a good girl for a week. She just went back toher snotty spoiled self... Now here I am in New York City, settling at my first year at NYU for journalism. It's not the best place if you include the traffic and crime rates, but if you add the scenery and lively atmosphere it's beautiful. I hear my roomate, Layla, and her friends coming back from shopping. Layla is the typical girl from Florida with warm brown hair, tanned skin, and jade green eyes. Instead of studying she spends her time partying, shopping, and barely even going to her classes. Whereas I'm the one studying, at my classes, and have no life. I hear them giggle and talk about guys and then before i know it they have a pillow fight. I groaned and banged my head on my desk. I had to finish my ten-page essay by tomorrow and I was only on page 4. I hate Professor Griggs... after a couple minutes on failing to focus on my essay, I packed all my stuff and started to head to the door. I told Layla, Kayleigh-an energetic blonde, and Megan-a sweet red head, that I was heading to Starbucks. I entered the coffee shop, enjoying the strong scent of caffefine. I grabbed a latte and started heading to the nearest table and started working ferviously on my assignment. Once I got to page 9 I needed another cup of coffee. I walked back to the line trying to think about what to say next on my essay. \"Naturally it's-\" I accidentally ran into someone once I turned around to head back to my work,\" Oh I'm so sorry\" Looking down embarassed being stupid. \"Oh non, it is alright. I should have seen you there.\" He had a French accent. I looked up and saw a young man with wavy brown hair, chocolate brown eyes, and such a sweet smile to die for. I made a soft gasp. \"Theo?\" So what do you think? I would like to thank FlutterxByx to inspire me to write this. I really hope you liked it! Please Review! It would be great to know if I should continue this or not! Heart me some TheoxGrace RomanceDramaAzngrl~~~[Chapter 2] Hey everybody! I know it's been awhile! I meant to update just a couple days after I poste chapter one, but I didn't feel like the story was right. But oh well I'm just going to continue for awhile. Well here is Chapter Two! Oh also if anyone wouldn't mind trying to request to have a category for Monte Carlo. I've requested it about three times and nothing has happened. So anyone else mind giving it a try? heehee! Well here it is! Chapter Two! I widened my eyes making sure I was seeing correctly. \"The-Theo?\" He smiled at me with that drop-dead smile. He said \"hello\" in that sweet French treble voice of his. Shocked. That was all I was... No wait actually not just shocked but...What's the word? Giddy? Sure let's go with that. \"Umm...W-What are you doing here?\" I stuttered out, with a hint of an English accent. He gave me a curious look. I mentally slapped myself in the head. Why on Earth did I do that? That was the past. Think of present...PRESENT. \"What are you doing here?\" I said in my normal-ish voice. He smiled with a cute chuckle. \"I am here to drink some coffee.\" He paused, \" And to find someone here in New York, but it appears she found me first.\" \"You're here for me?\" He nodded. \"Why not we go outside and take a walk?\" He helped me grab all my stuff together and in front of the coffee shop was a limo. \"I don't think we can take a walk if there's a limo,\" I joked at him. He laughed at my comment. Theo told the driver to head to the hotel and bring his stuff there. He took my bag and carried it for me, which of course I blushed at. So we started heading towards the park that was across the street. \"So how are your classes going?\" I told him they were going great, but difficult. I told him all about my teachers, classes, Layla, and the usual campus life. I dragged on for about 20 minutes, while he was making side comments, but I could tell he was listening since he kept looking at me the whole time I blabbered. Which is also of course sweet of him. \"Oh enough about me, how about you?\" He told me everything was fine. They were doing a lot more charities and more schools being built. He talked about expanding the company into something bigger, but he hasn't told his father the idea yet. \"The children are the best part though.\" I could tell by the sound of his voice he meant it. I kicked a pebble in the middle of our pathway, watching it skid along the walkway. \"So what are you really doing here?\" He asked if we could could sit down, so we sat to the closet bench. He gently took my hand, fingering my knuckes like it was a toy. \" I here because of you. Because of us. I want there to be an us. I at least want to try.\" I slowly melted into his sweet brown eyes. Of course I wanted to be with him, but could it work? Long distance relationships don't always work, right? But he said he's going to try to expand the company here. I could see him. Possibly. \"Grace?\" I gave him a quizzical look. \"Umm what do you say?\" From the look in his eyes I could tell he really want this, that he really meant it. With all the stuff at Monte Carlo he didn't care, I didn't care. All of it now is the present and hopefuly future. \"Look I understand if-\" \"Yes,\" I said, \" I want to give us a try.\" He brightly smiled as if he was an angel. He happily gave me a sweet kiss on my cheek and I gladly accepted it. We sat for awhile on the bench talking watching the sunset. Once it had gotten darker we starte heading back to my dorm. \"So how are your friends, Emma and Meg?\" I told him that Emma was getting married in the Spring and Meg got back from her trip with Riley. \"Do you miss them?\" \"I do, but I'll see them again soon. When I left Texas I thought I would never see them again. But we call each other a lot so everything is okay.\" I saw him have a guily look on his face and asked him what's wrong. \"I just feel so bad. I never called you evre since Romania. I was just so busy and-\" \"It's okay Theo, I understand. Besides I'm sometimes busy myself. Plus you're here now and that's all that matters.\" He smiled at me and kissed me on the top of my head. We got to the hall that my dorm was in and you could hear Layla and her friends laughing. \"Grace before your classes would you like to, what you say, 'Grab a bite'?\" I lightly laughed at his effort to talk like an American. \"Sure that would be great. I'll see you in the morning.\" I turned around about to open my door, leaving him in the hall. \"Grace?\" I turned around. \"You forgot something.\" What did I forget? I got my bag, notebook, and jacket. What did I forget? He walked up closer to me. I could smell his scent of warm chocolate and coffee. I barely felt his soft warm breath on my face. I slightly froze my hand holding against the door handle. Was he going to-? Then his soft lips met mine. I kissed him back taking my hand behind his neck pulling him closer. It wasn't a fierce or hungry kiss, it was just a sweet good-night kiss. He pulled away smiling. \" Bon nuit mon cherie. \" He then slowly walked away. I walked into the dorm looking all dreamy with a huge smile on my face, my stomach flipping over and over in joy. Layla and her girls saw me and asked me what happened. Just shrugging them off I went to my room, finished my paper, and happily went to sleep. Excited for the morning I woke up 10 minutes earlier than usual. 10 minutes is worth a lot in my time. I picked out of my my cutest but simple outfit. I wore a light blue top, a purple and yellow scarf, dark skinny jeans, and yellow flats. I quickly applied some make-up. Nothing to heavy just eyeliner, mascara, and some light purple eyeshadow. Perfect. I was happy with my outfit and waited for Theo. Hearing a knock on the door I jolted to the door greeting my European beau. \"You look good this morning,\" he commented. \"Well I had a good night.\" \"I wonder why perhaps?\" Giggling he gave me a quick kiss. \"Ready?\" I gave him a quick nod grabbed my bag and books by the door and left hand-in-hand with the Frenchman. Quite long eh? Well that's what you guys deserve since I didn't update as soon as possible. I'm working on Chapter Three right now. But also I'm in California. But I will try my best to update! PLEASE REVIEW! I want to know if you people like my story! Thanks RomanceDramaAzngrl~[Chapter 3] Hey peoples! How are ya? Well surprsingly I've been writing a lot here in California! Which is great! My cousin and I are just writing non stop. Well here it is! I hope you enjoy! Also I nee your guy's opinion, should I do a Theo POV? Well enjoy and when you're done PLEASE Review! \"Urgh...\" I heavily sighed plopping myself face-down on the smooth leather couch. Sinking myself into the comfiness. I heard Theo closing the door. \"Tough day?\" he asked in his French accent. I will never get over how cute his accent his. \"Terrimpble...\" My voice muffled by the couch sitting in Theo's hotel room. It's been a little bit over two week since he arrived here. Our routine was he takes me to breakfast, waits for me while I have my classes, and then meet him at his hotel and do whatever after finishing my work. I was just so happy that I could be with him. Enjoying every moment. When we were seperated we would text each other non stop. I guess you could say we're like now OFFICIALLY dating. Which I was glad. I always I could be myself around him and I didn't have to fake it! It was as if everything can natural to us. He cared for ME. But deep down inside I wonder, \"How long will it last?\" \"Do you have any homework?\" My reply was groaning loudly into the couch. Hearing his laughter just made me laugh along. I felt his lean and built body on top of my body as he turned me over facing his light tan angel-like face. \"Well go finish it, so we can do some things.\" I felt his warm breath, smelling like sweet chocolate. His face just an inch from mine. \"I don't think I can,\" he gave me a look, \" since I'm currently busy as of now.\" He curved his sweet lips to a smirk leaning his head down his lips meeting mine. I wrapped my arms around his neck pulling him closer, his body close to mine, his arms tangled in my hair. As you can tell, we're getting pretty serious. After many moments later ( let's say 10 minutes?), hearing a faint ringing from my purse I groaned while kissing my French boyfriend. I felt his smile into our kiss and let go. I frowned while reaching for my phone. \"Hello?\" I sighed heavily, frustrated with the person distracting me from a good time. \"Grace!\" Slightly pulling away from the phone realizing who it was with her Texas twang. Theo laughed lifted off from my body sitting next to me. \"Girl, I haven't talked to you in a month!\" I saw Theo mouthing to me that I haven't told her about us. I replied a sorry, \"Hey Emma! I know! I've just been so busy, with school, boyfriend, extra-curriculur classes, Theo, essays, and volunteering. Also you've been busy with your wedding plans\" \"Yes yes Grace your silly college life. I don't get- Wait? Did you say boyfriend? Theo? Young lady what on Earth have you not told me?\" Laughing at Emma's reaction I laid my head down onto Theo's lap. \"Grace Julie Bennett! You tell me what is going on with your love life!\" \"Emma! Calm down okay? Well Theo came by about two weeks ago and we talked and-\" Stopping me from my explanation Emma yelled in my ear, \"TWO WEEKS? And you haven't told me?\" I apologized to her calming her down. Explaining the whole thing, Theo was brushing my hair with his smooth hands listening to our conversation. \"I can't believe you haven't told me! Is he planning on staying there with you in New York until you finish college?\" I look up at him seeing if he heard at that. He smiled at me. I was unsure if that was a yes or no. \"Umm, well I really hope so,\" I replied smiling back at him. I heard her squeal. Then after talking about me, we started talking about her wedding plans. \"So you're for sure going to be my maid of honor. But the thing is the color choice! The colors are so hard to decide. I want to put you girls in a pale yellow dress, but that color won't look good on my maid of honor!\" I scoffed at her. After awhile looking at the time I told Emma I would talk to her later. \"You know I think any color would look good on you, so Emma should not worry about colors,\" my boyfriend commented. I laughed. \"But if you want a good color on you, I would say a deep purple so your eyes can blend with it. Also probably a nice light green which would highlight your warm-colored eyes.\" \"Well thanks for the compliments and advice, Mr. Colors.\" I heard my stomach growl. He took that as a sign for dinner. We left his 5-star hotel and head to a semi-fancy Italian restaurant. Good for me I decided to wear a dress instead of jeans. \"-and a mushroom ravioli, but leave out the cheese.\" Then the waiter left with our orders. After a small moment of discussing my dreadful day of boring lectures, I decided to ask a \"special\" question I guess. \"So Theo, how long exactly are you staying here? I mean, I do enjoy you being here. Honestly I do. But like Emma said, are you planning to be here until I finish college? Because really, I have at least three more years and just... What now?\" I could see the previous huge smile of his decrease. \"What is it?\" My voice sounding worried. He took my hand. Caressing it as if saying ,\" Everything is going to be okay,\" even though it probably wouldn't be. Then in one sentence, my joy, romance, and future with Theo was just shot down. \"I'm leaving this weekend.\" Well what do you guys think? Like? Please REVIEW! Also should I do a Theo POV? Please leave a review so I can know. Well I'll hopefully update chapter four later today or tomorrow! Thanks! See you guys next time! ;) RomanceDramaAzngrl~[Chapter 4] Hey guys! I actually forgot I had already finished chapter 4! Haha so here it is! Well here it is! Please review and enjoy. No wait it's enjoy THEN review! Haha thanks! ;) I sputtered out some tea I was drinking. He leaned over the table trying to clean it off my face. I shrugged him off. \"You're leaving?\" No, it shouldn't be a question more like a statement. \"You're leaving...You're leaving...\" I started softly muttering the same phrase over looking down at my napkin on my knee. I could faintly hear him calling my name trying to calm me down. He took the same hand he was holding and softly kissed it. I looked back at him. I would not be upset. Well not sound upset. Strong I got to stay strong, think about positive things. \"Why are you leaving?\" I mustered all my strength into that important question, trying to stay strong. I could tell from the look in his eye he was surprised that I wasn't upset. He expected me to be upset crying. No. Grace Bennett does not cry... I knew something like this would happen, but...not this soon. \"I told my father about my idea about expanding the company. He liked it, very much. He wants to put it in action as soon as possible. but to have it happen I have to be there. I'm suppose to be there two days ago, but I begged my father to have me stay. He wouldn't allow it if I was to start the new idea no matter how much he likes you.\" If he liked me he wouldn't do this to me. Right? No. Don't think like that. This is for the children. Those sweet children... He sighed deeply, hating this conversation, \"I don't want to leave you though. I'm having a great time here. Especially with you. My father says he won't give me a choice, but I can just refuse to-\" \"No!\" I shouted. Most of the people of the restaurant looking at our table. Not awkward at all. \"Umm I just found out my tea is unsweeten. Sorry please continue your dinner.\" I looked back at him, \" Theo you can't give up your idea. It's an amazing idea. Just...\" I'm going to regret this. \" Just go. I don't want you to lose this oppurtunity. Plus it will be great to the kids all around the world.\" \"But I don't want to lose you. What about us?\" He asked clutching my hand tighter. Another set of words I'm going to regret. \"Us... Us is going to...be on hold.\" I saw the sadness in his eyes. They were in mine too, but I had to hide them. This is a great chance for him. Silence came over the table. The waiter came back with our orders. We both ate our dinners silently and just asking how our dishes were. We didn't even get to argue about the check. I decided he could pay, not because of the unhappy news, but since I paid for the dinner from the night before. We walked out of the restaurant meeting the cool fall air. My cowboy boots clacking and his Italian made shoes tapping against the concrete pavement. There was about a two feet distance between and not to sound weird, but it was killing me. Two feet being away from was hurting me but what about millions of feet away from each other. How would I feel about that? Assuming Theo had the same feeling he took my hand into his fitting perfectly. We walked hand-in-hand silently in the night except making some comments at the beautiful night. Arriving at the front of my dorm I couldn't let go. I didn't want to. I looked down at the floor because I could feel the tears starting in my eyes. Theo saw the look, he lifted my head with one finger with his eyes meeting mine. Don't kiss me. It's going to make it worse. He pulled me into a tight hug and kissed me on the top of my head. \"I'm sorry. I'm SO sorry.\" The tears in my eyes were burning. They were wanting to fall, but I wouldn't let them. Well at least not yet. We were stuck in this moment for quite awhile, chest to chest. Only just some days with him. That's it. Then what? What was going to happen? Would he call me or not? How long will he be gone? Will he ever come back? Questions popping in my head, making this whole situation even worse. Finally after so many moments we pulled away looking at each other. \"Well I shall see you in the morning, \" I told him smiling at him trying to come up with the best smile I could come up with. He nodded, gave me a quick kiss on the cheek, and then left. I turned away opening the door. Once I heard the door close, the tears started falling down my cheeks. I tightly held the door handle as if it was my air, leaning against the door. \"Grace?\" I heard my roomate, \" You're home kind of early than normal. How was your night with Th-\" She saw my tear-stained face. \"Grace, are you okay?\" I lightly shook my head and slowly started trodding towards my room ignoring Layla's calls. Forget my homework, so what if I forget to do one night. Won't effect me, just notes. This would be a tough night probably. Hey! Sorry it's shorter! But my cousin sad it's the most dramtic chapter? haha! Well sorry it's shorter. Does Grace seem OC a little? I thnk she kind of is...Is she? If she is I'm sorry! I'm trying to work on it to make her sound...HER. I'm trying really! I'll try to make Grace be Grace...Hopefully...Sorry! But please reivew and perhaps tell me your favorite parts! ^-^ Thanks! REVIEW RomanceDramaAzngrl~[Chapter 5] Hey guys! Well here is chapter five! I hope you will enjoy! I know I got some responses saying that I should NOT do a Theo POV, but I at least want to do ONE. Just one. But later. But I don't know really. Anyways here it is! Enjoy~ Today was Friday. Tomorrow was when Theo was leaving. For the past couple days ever since he told me he was leaving we've been together a lot. Mostly in his hotel room just arm in arm and just embracing each minute we had with each other. Well that's I think it is. We've mainly decided for now is that he'll hopefully come back in about a month or two, emailing each other for the time being. He keeps telling me that he could stay, but I tell him he shouldn't. I don't want to tell him I dearly want him to stay, but it's the right thing to do. So as of right now I'm sitting here in the living room in his hotel room while he's packing for tomorrow. \" Mon cherie did you finish your homework already?\" I heard him yelling from his room. I shouted back a yes laying on the couch. One more day... Actually technicaly since it's six o'clock 19 hours and 29 minutes... Then I won't see him. I won't see his smile. Hear his laugh. Hold his hand. Hug him tightly. Feel his kiss. I shook my head. I do not need to think about this. Just too weird! I told Emma and Meg about my situation and they just made me feel worse. They kept on saying things like, \" Everything is going to be okay, I'm sorry, tell him to stay,\" and so on. I shooked them off also. I heard a French song ringing some feet away from me. I saw it was Theo's phone. He told me to pick up for him. I answered it and then was greeted with a \"Bonjour\" . \"Hello?\" \"Grace? Oh hello. This is Theo's father. It is a pleasure to hear from you again.\" \"Oh hello monsieur, how are you?\" \"I am well, and you?\" I stayed silent. \"Oh yes, I am sorry for the trouble that I caused on your relationship with Theo.\" I softly replied that it was okay. He heard the hurt in my voice that he continued apologizing. \"I really am-\" Hearing footsteps I looked up and saw Theo standing above me looking at me with sad eyes. He can't stand seeing me upset. I weakly smiled and handed him the phone. He took the phone and started speaking in his native language to his father. Knowing some French I understood what they were saying. \" J'irai faire à demain. Oui. Au revoir.\" He plopped onto the couch next to me smiling at me. \"Your father just wondering if you're ready?\" He nodded. I smiled at him laying my head on his shoulder. He took my hand lacing out fingers together. The silence took over. \"So umm did you finish-\" He cutted me off, \" I came here to be with you because I couldn't stand not seeing you. And now... Now I have to leave and it'll still be the same. I don't know if I can stand not being with you. Even-\" \"Theo, it's okay. It won't be the same. This time we know there is something between us okay? Plus you need to go, expand it. Make those children happy! Come here to the United States. It'll be hard between us, but we'll stay strong. Okay?\" He smiled at me. \"You are still the same different Grace.\" He turned towards me lightly cupping my face with one hand. \"When I am gone, you still must be the same Grace. Be you, and don't let this change you please.\" He softly kissed me and then hugged me. I accidentally let a tear rolled down my face. Crap. He pulled away seeing the tear in my eye, kissing it away. \"Smile for me mon petite. \" For the rest of the night I smiled. Not thinking about him leaving, not thinking about tomorrow, and well just not thinking of anything else except right now. The present. \" Now boarding passengers for Flight 2045 .\" \"That's you,\" I weakly smiled at him trying to hide the tears from him. He could easily see them. He hugged me tightly and kissing the top of my head. I couldn't hold it in any longer. Today's the last day until whenever. I finally released the tears that were rimming around my eyes. Then without realisation I started sobbing into his shoulder. I got so ma at myself. I meant to cry,but not like this. I KNOW I shouldn't be acting like this. He hugged me tighter and then looked at me, getting rid of the tears with his thumb. \" Mon cher, ne criez pas s'il vous plaît. \" He knew that everytime he spoke in French it would make me feel better. I wiped away the rest of my tears. I lightly sniffed away my sobbing and weakly smiled telling him that I usually don't cry like that. \"I understand, but please do not cry. It makes me upset.\" \" Last call for Flight 2045.\" \"You should go.\" He nodded. \"Grace,\" he took me by the hand, \" please do remember be yourself and stay strong. And always remember you'll always be here.\" He pointed to his heart. I blushed. He chuckled at my \"cuteness and shyness\". I told him he should get going once again. He kissed my hand and then a sweet kiss, his soft lips meeting mine. He pulled away cupped my face as if it was the last thing he saw. \"Good bye.\" I took one last look at him as he disappeared into the airplane. Once the airplane pulled away I slowly started my way back to my dorm. No more Theo...Well for now at least. I entered my dorm. Dropping my stuff on the ground not caring about it. \"Grace?\" I looked up. Then I weakly smiled at the person across from me. DON'T KILL ME! I know I left a cliffie! But it's good? haha I don't know! Well please PLEASE Review! I really want to know if I should continue! I seriously do think though I am making Grace kind of OC. But I'm trying again. Next time it will be better? Please let me know what you think! REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW. Very important! thanks! RomanceDramaAzngrl~[Chapter 6] Hey! So this is for the people who haven't read Naturally . Naturally is this story exactly but I had posted it on a different category because they didn't have the Monte Carlo category. Umm well I recently got my laptop taken away and it has like the next two chapters on it... And I don't want to re-write it because honestly the stuff on my laptop was better than what I've been trying to do. So...It'll take awhile... Well please do continue reading this story! Just be patient please! And to my other reviews in Naturally, THANK YOU SO MUCH. You guys have been there for me for awhile and I REALLY appreciate it! Once I get my lapop back I will update! Love you guys so much! RomanceDramaAzngrl*~*[Chapter 7] Hey! So great news and bad news! So I got my laptop back! YAY! P-A-R-T-Y time! Well here it is the next chapter! :D Bad news...I lost the next chapter! :O So I have to re-write the next chapter, and I don't know when I can write it and upload it. I'm busy with all my studies and I'm taking the 'lovely' ACT test... SO. yep! Well here it is enjoy! I ran over and hugged the person across the room. I felt their hand brushing my hair, trying to calm me down. I heard their soft voice, \"Shh... It's okay. Smile sweetheart.\" I felt another hand resting on my shoulder coming from behind. After a few moments I pulled away smiling, \"What are you guys doing here?\". Meg slightly turned me facing her, \"Because we thought you might need the company,\" she said smiling at me. \"And these wedding plans are exhausting!\" I giggled at Emma. \"You've also said how nice New York is and decided to see what you mean.\" The three of us sat on the couch sitting in the small living room. Meg grabbed my favorite blanket nearby us and wrapped it around the three of us and the soon-to-be Mrs. Owen grabbed a tissue box, \"Tissue sweetheart?\" I snuggled into the blanket and my best friend and sister, refusing the tissue. Emma took out two tissues and wiped off the tears resting on my face. I enjoyed their scents making me feel safe and at home- Emma's scent of sweet honey and morning pancakes and Meg's vanilla and spicy peppermint scent. \"Want to talk about it?\" I hear my sister ask me. Frowning at her,\"No, I'm fine. I just don't need to think about it.\" She nodded in understandment. \"So Emma, have you decided on wedding colors?\" Hearing Meg groan I laughed and Emma blabbering about her plans. So it was official, again apparantly, is that the wedding colors were a light blue and a light violet. Hearing how beautiful her dress is I was excited for her wedding. We then talked about what kind of dishes should they make, which was so complicated. After about an hour discussing wedding plans we got tired of it. \"Enough of this nonsense! My wedding is months away!\" Meg sighing in relief and getting up to get a drink, \"Good! I'm getting tired of it!\" Returning with a Caprisun in her hand she plopped beside us, \"So it's 5 o'clock! What now?\" I offered to go walk around Times Square and grab a bite. My two closest people agreed, but wanted to eat first since they were starving. We ate at a nice simple pizza place and then went walking around enjoying the city atmosphere. It turned into 10 'clock before we knew and the two headed to their hotel. Finishing my homework I checked my phone and email for any messages from Theo. Nothing. He was just probably tired from his flight? Jet lag? I just shooke my head and told myself not to worry. Nothing to worry right? ...Right... Tossing and turning in bed was all that happened most of the night. I woke up to the sound of rummaging in my room. My first thought that someone was robbing my room, so I sneaked down in my blanket hiding my face. I took a peek outside, seeing two figures rummaging through my closest. Is my closest THAT important? \"Her fashion sense is getting a little better, but she's still loving her cowboy boots.\" Hearing that I realized who the \"robbers\" were. I turned aroun grabbed my two pillows and aimed each one at my intruders. \"Ow!\" \"It's just a pillow Emma!\" I stood up straight in my bed, \"Did Layla let you in again?...Wait my style sense is perfectly fine!\" \"I told you we shouldn't have gone through her closet!\" Meg took the pillow that fell to the ground and hit her. Then the two started ther usual bickering. I really need to Layla about letting people in. \"Wait what time is it?\" Looking at my clock it was noon. I checked my phone and saw two messages. I miss you so much -Theo 7:32 Sleeping i see, well I can't stop thinking about you. -Theo 11:21 I smiled very cheekly at the message. Emma and Meg saw me, \" Messages of Love,\" sighed Emma. I grabbed my alarm clock and threatened to hit her with it. Haha! Sorry, it was a tough night for me. :/ How was your flight? -Grace 12:24 I'm busy right now, I will email you later. Have a good day :) -Theo 12:26 I had slightly frowned at the reply. \"Aww don't worry sweet pea, let's go shopping! Get you something else besides boots.\" She winked at me and then leaving the room getting ready to shop. Meg chuckled at her and looked at me, \"You okay?\" I nodded. \"It'll take time getting use to. It took me awhile with Riley when I came back.\" \"But at least you know when Riley is coming, I have no idea with Theo.\" \"Well hopefully it'll be soon. Now go get change sis, Emma is impatient you know.\" She then left the room. I changed into some skinny jeans, a light purple top, a black light jacket, and COWBOY boots. I walked out into the living room and I saw Emma rolling her eyes. I grabbed a piece of bread and we left for some shopping. The rest of the day was nice. Only two bags of shopping for me, one for Meg, and 6 for Emma. We went back to my dorm at around 10 hanging out with Layla and her friends. Which was quite odd for me. \"And then so we went back to the hotel and the police was there and- Oh my gosh! It was hilarious!\" I shook my head. I got bored after about an hour and went to my room and got onto my laptop, waiting for a certain email. Spam, spam, Mom which I will read later, spam, coupon, Facebook, spam, spam, spam, Theo, spam... Theo! I quickly clicked on it. Sent 7:24 Grace, I am sorry that I couldn't respnd to your message earlier. It is just so busy here already. My flight was fine. I fell asleep throughout most of the flight dreaming about someone...;) But yes once I had arrive in Monte Carlo I had a meeting to go to afterwards. My father was excited to see me, but he still feels bad about seperating us. Earlier today it was so busy, I had to come up with different plans for the new idea about expanding it even more. I didn't arrive home until 10 minutes ago and it is almost midnight here. You are always on my mind. Please remember that. Even if I do not message you back, just remember you'll always be special to me. I am also sorry for troubling your slumber. I hope tonight you shall sleep better and well. Anyway I hope your classes will go well this week. Especially with that Preofessor Griggs you dislike very much. Do your work though. I hope to come back soon, so I can also urge you to do your work. Hopefully I shall return soon. If not then by at most two months. Though I may not be with you, I'm also by your side. Theo I smiled at the message. I would probably sleep much better tonight. I quickly wrote a reply. Theo, I'm glad your flight was pleasant. I also can't seem to get a certain Frenchman out of my head either. You take your time with your plans and ideas, I know they will be great. Also tell your father all is forgiven. It is not his fault, you just have responsibilities. I will sleep much better now with knowing you are alright. I do miss you very very much. As of right now I have Emma and Meg here in New York. They came the day you left. We had a long day of shopping, but mainly for Emma. I don't know how long they are planning to stay though. Also I WILL do my work! Don't you worry about that. Well hopefully I shall see you soon. I miss being with you. Well hope you have a pleasant sleep too. -Dearly Grace. With that I logged off from my laptop and went into my jammies. Emma and MEg came into my room and said their good byes. Shortly, I went to bed. Sleeping quite pleasantly. So what did youthink? PLEASE PLEASE REVIEW. I will give you a cookie! -RomaceDramaAzngrl[Chapter 8] Hey everybody! So here's the next chapter! I'm glad I got a lot of people favoriting my story! I feel loved! Also sorry it took me awhile to upload, busy with school. blech. Well enjoy It's been about two months since Theo left. Emma and Meg left about three days they arrived. Meg had to go back to school and also Riley called her and said he would be in Texas. Emma had to finish her wedding plans even though she had until April, which was in like five months. Theo and I? Well we're still emailing and texting each other, and once in awhile call. Okay that only happened once because I was in a terrible mood. We're still trying out best not to forget each other. Both of us understanding how hard it would be for us to stay together. But deep in my heart, I knew something was going to go wrong. I was walking down the street in the cold November weather heading towards the park. My boots crunching against the rock pathway, my hair blowing with the wind, and my cheeks turning a little red. I sat down on the bench where Theo and I would sit at most of the time we were there. I just stared at the scene in front of me. Leafless trees lightly swaying with the wind, the light poles shining on the perimeter of the pathway, and some people rushing out of the cold weather. Seeing a couple at one of the trees in front of me I that it was Theo and I... Ring...Ring...Ring... I looked down and saw it was my mom. \"Hello?\" \"Grace you haven't called me or returned my email!\" I told her that I've been busy with school. Which was partially true. I've been busy with school...and Theo. \"Well make time for your family too. We miss you. Meg told me how amazing it was there. Are you still coming over for Christmas?\" I had almost forgotten, \"Of course mom. I would'nt miss your cooking in the world.\" \"Honey, don't lie. But don't worry Meg and her father shall be cooking.\" I sighed in relief. For the next twenty minutes were just time catching up. \"So any handsome New York men over there?\" I laughed at her. \"Do you want me to bring someone over for Christmas dinner?\" \"So there is someone?\" \"There might be someone, but no worries yet. I'll let you know in ahead of time.\" I was being sarcastic, of course there wouldn't be anyone. \" Okay sweetie. Well I got to go. You do well in your studies! Send me some of your work. Love you Grace.\" \"I love you too.\" I hanged the phone up. The sweet couple from earlier was still there. The young woman leaned over and kissed her beau and then the two finally got up from the ground, gathered their stuff and walked away hand in hand. Then an idea popped in my head. Dialing a number, I crossed my fingers hoping the person woul answer. \"Hello Grace, comment ta la vous?\" \"Hi Theo, are you busy?\" Hoping the answer would be no. \"Not until in about five minutes. What is it? Are you okay?\" \"I'm fine, but I have a question.\" He told me to go on. \"Are you busy for Christmas? Because I was wondering if you weren't then you can back over here for at least a couple of days and we can go to my parent's house and eat dinner with them and Meg.\" I paused wondering if he would respond. Nope, so I continued going on. \" But I understand if you rather spend Christmas time with your family, and also with your project going on. Also Christmas isn't until another three we-\" \"Yes. I would love to meet your parents.\" At that moment I couldn't stop smiling. \"Really? Are you sure? You're not busy or anything? If it's a hassle then..\" \"Do you not want me to come then?\" I yelled into the fun loudly telling him no. He lightly chuckled. I missed his laugh. \"Well I will try to arrive in Texas on Christmas Eve?\" nI tol him that was perfect. He had to go so we said our good byes. Now I coulnd't wait for Christmas Eve. Kind of short...I know... I sorry... But good? Haha! Well be an awesome person to review! I'll just my best to write the next chapter. :) RomanceDramaAZngrl~[Chapter 9] *cough* So...It's been...about..two-ish years now? and well... Yeah. I just didn't have the inspiration to write and I was so busy with life. I know I oddly have a life. Anyways I still hope my readers are out there...So...Here ya go. Short but...WOW. READ AND REVIEW. Happy New Year It was currently Christmas Eve and Grace was at her old house in Texas. The house was filled with peppermint and gingerbread candles and a smoky scent from the fireplace burning. She was so excited. Not the fact that it was Christmas Eve but also that she would see Theo today. She had even called Theo yesterday confirming he would be there causing the Frenchman to laugh and his beloved's adorableness. She was sitting on the couch waiting to arrive Theo from the airport since he refused her to drive in the Texas snow. Only three more hours; she was giggling and screaming in the inside. Meg sat next to her, \"So are you ready for him?\" nudging her with a smirk on her face. Grace laughed and replied, \"Of course. I just miss him so much. I just want the plane to hurry.\" Which was really true. All she wanted to do was just to see him, hear him, hug him, hold him, and kiss him. She had even got him a decent Christmas gift for Grace was known as a horrible Christmas present giver. \"You know what they say sis, 'Patience is a virtue',\" her stepsister stated. Grace scrunched her nose at her and then moved onto a different topic which was about her and Riley. After about an hour Meg and her stepfather started cooking the Christmas Eve Dinner, as it was typically for the family to have a Christmas Eve dinner and a Christmas dinner. Grace couldn't stay still and started doing random things around the house- dishes, laundry, rearranging the Christmas tree, and even stacked cups and try to knock them down with rubber bands. Grace's mother kept on teasing her how ridiculous she is to be so excited,although the mother herself was also excited to meet the man who captured her daughter's heart. About 45 minutes that Theo would be arriving, Grace got ready and aiming to impress Theo. She finished about 10 minutes early sitting in the living room waiting for her beau to walkup her front porch and ding dong the doorbell. She wore a crimson red dress ending right above her knee with a sweet heart neckline and the dressed bunched up and tied in a knot in the middle. She was adorned with black heels with little bowties on the back and her hair was in light loose curls and bright red lipstick. \"Well someone is trying to impress,\" her mother noted as she walked into the living viewing her gorgeous daughter. Grace laughed with her mother and helped arrange the table. Grace waited patiently for the door bell to ring but the young Frenchman still hadn't arrived. The family waited for about an extra hour not wanting to start without her stepfather commented that the food might be cold soon so they began eating without Theo. Grace was picking on her food, clearly upset. Why wasn't he there? Was there an accident? Did he not even fly? What happened? Why hasn't he called? After dinner Grace went to the living room along with her family and talked. While the whole time Grace kept looking at the door. At around nine Grace called in for the night and went to her old room sitting on the bed. She still wore her red dress and then laid on the bed silently crying. Where was Theo? So likey? Please review and let me know. I still might continue the story. Love you all. RomanceDramaAzngrl ","Summary":" (Didn't know where to put this...) Hey RomanceDramaAzngrl here! Well so over the Fourth of July wee"},{"Movie":"Camp Takota","Title":"Return to camp","Author":"Bonnefeta","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10399952","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alison yawned loudly, stretching her arms and grumbling groggily. She turned over in the bad and slammed her palm down on her alarm clock and swore quietly at it. A soft chuckle came from the other side of the bed \"You can swear at it all you want, but it won't mean you don't have to get up\". Alison growled jokingly at her partner \"I hate you sometimes\" Anne Grinned at Alison and wrapped her arms around Alison's waist \"No you don't, you love me\" Alison chuckled and said, \"Yes dear\" before getting out of bed and walking into the kitchen. Being a professional chef Alison had invested quite a bit in her kitchen, it was one of her favourite places to go. She'd modelled it pretty heavily after the kitchen a Takota, admittedly with a few alterations, but it felt familiar and she felt very comfortable in it. As she yawned and went to grab some milk out of the fridge for pancakes, it was her daughters first time going off to camp, and Alison was going with her. Her wife was a nurse and had, for much of the time they'd been together, worked night shifts. And with the hours that Alison worked as head chef, they basically became a nocturnal couple. Which worked fine, until they had Mary. Even when she was younger it had worked well, but when she entered school things had become harder. Anne had started doing day shifts, she was a senior nurse so it wasn't that hard to switch around, but Alison had a harder time. After what seemed like an eternity, but was actually about a year, she got a job working at an inner-city restaurant from just after the breakfast rush, to just before prep for the dinner rush. But she didn't start for another couple months, so Alison decided to quit her current job and spend the summer up a Takota with Mary, working in the kitchen of course. Max had been thrilled when Alison called, they kept in close contact and she Max and Elise would meet up every so often for drinks and a catch up. Alison was excited to see Max and was actually excited to be working in the Takota kitchen again, and she might just be a little over protective of her daughter. Mary could take care of herself, Alison knew that, but there was still a part of her that worried that she wouldn't like camp, that she'd miss home. Alison didn't really 'go away' to camp, she and her mother lived in the small town near Takota, and her mother had worked in the kitchens, so she never really got homesick. Anne had joked that Alison would have dropped everything and raced up to Takota to bring her little girl home if she heard so much as a whisper that Mary was homesick. Alison had laughed her off but it was probably true, Alison loved her little girl, and wanted her to be happy. She'd always liked children and was ridiculously excited when she and Anne had a little girl of their own; she wanted to give her everything. It's a good thing Anne was there to keep her in check or Mary would be the most spoiled girl in the world. Alison sighed thinking about what was to come in the next few months, when she noticed a little figure move behind the pantry door. She smiled and tiptoed over to the large pantry doors, opening them suddenly to reveal Mary, holding a tub of nutella and some artisan bread. Alison chuckled \"I guess we both had the same idea hu?\" Mary smiled up at her mom \"Breakfast?\" \"Yep\" Alison said \"how about this, you put back the bread, and we put the nutella on the pancakes?\" Mary grinned widely \"Sounds good Ma\" Alison laughed has her little girl raced around the kitchen to collect pancake toppings. Mary resembled her Anne than Alison, her skin was a rich brown and her hair fell in loose black curls on her head. Though she looked like Anna she seemed to take after Alison more in terms of personality, she was an expert liar, a master of puns, and got the same kick out of messing with people as Alison did. Mary smiled at her mom, proudly showing off how well she remembered Alison's pancake recipe. Alison went over to the counter and checked all the ingredients, she made a tisking noise and said \"Close squirt, very close, but you forgot the vanilla extract\" Mary kicked herself for forgetting and ran over to retrieve it. After a few second of rifling through the extract drawer she found the bottle and brought it back to her Ma, \"Here you go\" she said handing it to her Ma. Alison smiled at her \"Why thank you milady\" she said and began putting together the pancakes. After a huge breakfast of pancakes, which Anne joined them for, Alison and Mary loaded the luggage into the car and said their goodbyes to Anne. \"Bye Mom\" Mary said hugging her mother tightly \"I'll miss you\" Anne smiled \"I'll miss you to honey, I'll write soon I promise\". And with one last tight hug Mary clambered into the car. Alison smiled at her wife, giving her a loving hug \"I love you, and I'm going to miss you\" Anne smiled into Alison's shoulder \"Remember to write you ass, don't forget.\" She looked into Alison's eyes \"I love you\" Alison kissed her softly \"I love you to\" \"MA!\" Mary called from the car, Alison and Anne laughed. \"Time for you to get going\" Anne said Alison headed over to the car \"See you soon\" she cried before driving away, off to camp.[Chapter 2] 3 Months earlier Max slammed her head on the table and groaned \"I'm never going to have enough staff!\" Chet walked in and gently put his hand on her shoulders and rubbed \"What's wrong Max?\" \"I'm still two councillors short, the new chef is fine and has signed on for the next 8 years at least, but she's got no experience and needs some help this season and no one will be employed to help with the money I'm offering and we don't have any room in the budget for more\" she gave a frustrated sigh and leaned back into Chet's massage \"What am I going to do?\" Max jumped as the phone rang and she reached over to pick it up \"Maxine Myers manager of Camp Takota, how can I help you?\" \"Hey Max!\" Allison's voice said through the phone \"How're you doing?\" Max sighed dramatically \"Not great Ally, I'm understaffed for this year\" \"Understaffed?\" Allison sounded interested Max took a large gulp of 'fibre nuts' and replied \"Yeah, I've found a cook who was willing to sign an eight year contract\" \"Eight years? What kind of idiot would stick around for that long?\" Allison joked Max laughed \"Har, har Ally. Anyway, she'd signed on for the eight years, but she has no experience and I need someone to come in and help her, just for this season. But no one will do for anywhere near as much as I can afford\" she took a long breath \"Sorry I was just ranting at Chet and now I'm ranting at you.\" Allison laughed on the other end of the phone \"It's ok Max, I'm calling about Mary actually\" Max smiled \"Oh yeah, it's her first year at camp isn't it?\" Max grinned \"How are you coping mamma bear?\" Allison scoffed \"I can handle it Max\" she paused for a second \"but I might just make your day\" Max raised an eyebrow \"How?\" Max could practically feel Allison's grin over the phone \"Well, I got a new job\" Max smiled \"Oh, congratulations Ally\" \"Yeah, thanks. But I don't start till the end of the summer\" Allison let that hang in the air for a moment. Max's eyes widen \"You'd really come back?\" Allison smiled \"I'd love to Max\" Max grinned widely \"You are a life saver Ally!\" Max rifled through her documents and signed up Allison and Mary \"I'll owe you forever, see you in a few months\" Max turned and smiled at Chet who brought in two mugs of warm coffee \"You know Chet, I might just pull this together.\"[Chapter 3] Mary sighed, looking out at the rolling countryside \"Are we there yet Ma?\" she grumbled. Allison sighed \"No sweetie, it's about another twenty minutes\". Mary sighed even more theatrically. Allison rolled her eyes at Mary \"You think this is bad? When I was your age it was a twenty minute drive to the nearest cinema, twenty minutes is nothing kid\" Mary looked out the front window, staring silently at the road. Allison lated a few minutes before breaking the silence \"What's wrong kiddo?\" Mary shifted uncomfortably and mumbled something under her breath. Allison sighed \"c'mon squirt, make this easy for me\" Mary looked down and twiddled her thumbs and said slightly more loudly \"I don't wanna go to camp\" Allison blinked, surprised \"But you've been excited about this for weeks, this morning you where ecstatic\" she looked over at her daughter \"Where's this come from?\" Marry sniffed softly \"What if no one there likes me? What if I hate it?\" Allison smiled affectionately at her daughter \"Oh, sweet heart, I get it. I was scared the first time I went to camp to\" Mary raised an eyebrow suspiciously at her mom \"Yeah? I thought you said you'd been basically an honorary camper for years before you started\" Allison laughed \"Yes, that's true\" she paused remembering her first time as a real camper \"But my first actual year was very different\" -Bonnefeta- Eight year old Allison stood quietly behind her mother's leg as the campers poured in. it wasn't her first drop off day, in fact Allison had seen so many drop off days she couldn't imagine her summer starting any other way. But this year would be different, this year she wouldn't get to spend the summer with her Mom in the mess making tater tots and stealing cookies, getting to go back to her and her Mom's own cabin and being able to crawl into her Mom's bed when she had nightmares. This year Allison was going to be in a cabin with other girls her age. She'd have to do all the activities, and she wouldn't have her Mom around to look after her, sure her Mom was at the camp but they wouldn't see each other much. She looked down at her sneakers, what if the other girls didn't like her? What if she did something embarrassing? In previous years she had been like an adorable little sister to the campers, but now she would be one of them. She wrapped her hands around her mom's leg. Melisa Henry looked down at her little girl, smiling at her as she nervously clung to her leg. Melisa stroked Allison's hair \"What's wrong baby?\" she asked, her strong southern accent soothing her daughter. Allison shuffled, kicking the dirt \"Nuthin\" Melisa chuckled \"Don't look like nothing to me\" she crouched down to her daughters level \"C'mon baby, What's wrong?\" Allison sighed \"What if no one likes me? What if I hate it?\" Melisa smiled at the little girl \"Now baby, what's not to love about you?\" Allison chuckled \"Listen, I think you're going to love camp, and make some great friends\" Allison shrugged, Melisa continued \"And if you don't like it? Well you can always come see me and we can go back to cooking tots, ok?\" Allison looked up a her mom nodded. Melisa grinned \"Now, get out from behind my leg and go make some new friends\" -Bonnefeta- Allison stood nervously in the door of her cabin, looking into the room at the bunks and bags of people already there. She took a deep breath and stepped into the room and was immediately confronted by an excited redhead. \"Hey, I'm Maxine, you must be one of our bunk mates. This is so exciting, we're gonna be best friends I just know it!\" Allison was stunned by the girl's energetic reaction. \"This summer is going to be the best ever. Oh\" she said pointing to a thin sandy blonde haired girl sitting on one of the bunks \"This is Elise, we've already me, obviously. But hey, what's your name?\" Allison fumbled for a second, shocked at having been given a chance to speak \"Um… I'm Allison\" \"Well it's great to meet you Allison! C'mon let's get you unpacked\" -Bonnefeta- \"Wow, you met Aunt Max and Aunt Elise on your first day of camp?\" Mary asked, shocked Allison smiled at the happy memory \"Yep, and you know what?\" \"What?\" Mary asked, keen to hear more. Allison grinned at her daughter \"I never ran to the mess to ask Grandma to take me out of camp\" Mary smiled at her Mom and Allison asked \"So, you ready to get this show on the road?\" Mary nodded and Allison smiled as the drove the last few miles to Takota. ","Summary":" Alison yawned loudly, stretching her arms and grumbling groggily. She turned over in the bad and sl"},{"Movie":"Austenland","Title":"To Austenland!","Author":"flowersinyourattic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10368118","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello fellow Austenland fans, wherever you may be! Alright, the other day I saw FanFiction had an Austenland tag ( yay ), but it only had one story ( nay ), so I thought, why not write one myself? I'm kind of warning you though already, this won't really be about Jane and Henry. They're just going to be supporting characters, but I'll try my best to put them in every chapter. This will actually be about Jane's cousin, which is my own character, because I thought it would be great to write about a story set in Austenland, but it didn't feel right writing about Jane and Henry again since, well, they fell in love already. To the Austenland fans who are about to read this, I'm sorry if I did not meet your expectations, I'm merely just trying to practice some writing and I thought this would be a great way to do it. And I barely use the third person so please bare with me, my writing will be a little rusty. Anyway, enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own Austeland or any of its characters. I'm just simply borrowing them. Catherine groaned loudly. \"Emma, the door!\" she bellowed as she kept her eyes trained on the book she was reading. Cath knew she could've gotten the door; she was already in the room opposite the front door, but she hated getting up from a comfortable position. She was sprawled out on the couch, one hand tucked under her head while the other held Emma at a discernable distance. And Cath didn't know they were having visitors today. Her sister certainly never said anything about having people over, and none of her own friends called to tell they were coming. \"You get it, you lazy ass! You're literally 10 feet away from the door!\" her sister called from her room in the same exasperated tone Cath used. Cath knew that Emma was right. She could get the door. Really, she could, if only her body would let her. She had spent the whole morning doing both her and Emma's chores, since Emma decided to be uncooperative and sleep in until noon. When Emma had walked out, all bedhead and bad breath, Cath had already finished the last of the chores, and was now collapsing on the couch with the phone in her hand, ready to order some Chinese food. Emma hadn't even noticed all her chores were done, and Cath debated on whether to throw the phone at her head or stop cleaning until Emma realized she needed to do her part in keeping the apartment suitable for living. \"Hey, I did your chores this morning!\" Cath countered back. \"It's the least you could do for me!\" \"C'mon, Cath! I'm cleaning out my closet!\" Emma's argument had Cath dangling her book arm on the edge of the couch and her free propping her up so she could properly glare at Emma's bedroom door. Usually, Cath and Emma got along. Well, they had to if they were going to keep living together under the same roof. However, they couldn't help but let the claws out when dividing responsibilities was the topic of conflict. Between the two, Cath took her responsibilities seriously, and never really complained about them most of the time. Emma, on the other hand, took every possible opportunity to neglect her priorities when it came knocking at her door. In this case, said opportunity literally did come knocking at their door, and rather obnoxiously for Cath's liking. Cath wasn't particularly interested in finding out who was behind their door; she just really wanted to finish Emma's favorite Jane Austen novel ( I know, so self-centered, right? Cath thought) so she could crap all over it. Seriously though, for a well-written book, Emma Woodhouse was the most annoying character Cath had ever read about. The only time she ever enjoyed the book was when Emma would get humiliated for being a self-righteous brat. \"Fine,\" Emma's poised figure emerged from her bedroom and walked to the door. Cath sighed with relief and brought the book back up to her face again. Finally, some peace and quiet— \" Heeey!\" Cath's head shot up at the sound of three different voices. She recognized her sister's (always the loudest, most intolerable one), but the other two, she had a hard time believing. Yet there they were, walking into their apartment, into their living room. Cath's eyes instantly lit up, and she pushed herself off the couch, ignoring how intense her body was aching. \"You're back!\" Cath cried happily as she ran towards her cousin and her fiancé. Well, her cousin's fiancé. \"Hey,\" Henry smiled, grunting as Cath jumped into his arms for a hug. \"Christ, I don't think you girls realize how heavy you are.\" \"Are you calling me fat?\" Cath asked with feigned incredulity. Well, she wasn't fat, but she did get fatter. It's not like gained the freshman fifteen. Just the six. The six she unconsciously gained by the end of the school year due to stress eating. \"Yes, I am,\" Henry laughed. \"Now get off before my knees give in.\" \"Rude,\" Cath deadpanned as she hopped off and moved to her cousin for a hug. \"So how was the flight?\" \"Horrendous,\" Henry blurted, causing all three of the ladies to laugh. \"What are you talking about? It was fine,\" Jane assured him, yet they both knew how bad his hyperventilating got \"Did you throw up again?\" Emma teased. Henry clearly blushed at her question, probably thinking of the last time he had vomited on a plane. There seemed to be a lot them, because his cheeks got redder as Emma's smirk got wider. Judging by the way his body stiffened, Mr. Nobely had found his way into the room and couldn't help himself from rattling off something Regency-like. \"Gentlemen do not vomit,\" Henry remarked, his chin up and his hands behind his back. It always amused Cath and Emma when Henry would leave to make room for Mr. Nobely. It was like getting a glimpse of Jane's time in Austenland, something the girls (well, Emma) always liked to ask about. \"Yet he did,\" Jane revealed anyway, rubbing his back comfortingly. The stone cold look on Mr. Nobely's faced had vanished and Henry came back, his head dropping as he tried to hide the embarrassment from his two future cousins-in-law. \"Don't worry. If you ever want to feel good about puking on a flight, remember Emma used to wet her bed when she was sixteen,\" Cath said, earning her a smack on the back of the head. \"That only happened because you did that stupid hand-in-warm-water trick,\" Emma shot back defensively. \"I only did that because you lost my favorite sweater that week—\" \"Alright, alright. Break it up,\" Jane chuckled, getting in between the two sisters and putting her arms around them both. She led them to the couch, Henry following right behind them with a toothless smile on his face. \"Oh, Cath. You're reading Emma ?\" Jane asked enthusiastically. Before Cath could even say a word, Emma had beaten her to it and answered the question for her in the same enthusiasm Jane had. Cath groaned as her sister and cousin suddenly launched into their little Austen world and started babbling about how perfect Emma was. They had already made themselves comfortable on the couch and tuned out anything and anybody that could possibly ruin their brief moment of Austen joy. Unwilling to even get near the two, Cath plopped herself down on the small armchair opposite them and listened to them basically fangirl, in obvious distaste. \"I was really looking forward to making a joke about you being a psychic but I see no one else would be able to hear it anyway,\" Henry said in amusement as he sat down on the armchair beside Cath. \"That's okay, younger brother of Tom Hiddleston. We could live without the joke,\" Cath said in all seriousness, but the flat expression on Henry's face made her erupt with laughter. Just seconds after, Henry joined her, mostly because her laughter always sounded like a druggie that smoked three packs a day. \"So, how are you liking Emma ?\" \"Oh, I hate it.\" Almost immediately, Jane and Emma stopped talking and turned to the culprit who said the vilest sentence this Earth has heard. Did Cath just say she hated Emma ? \"Excuse me, did you just say you hate Emma ?\" Emma asked, looking clearly offended. Cath didn't know whether it's because Emma was Emma's favorite book (still so narcissistic) or because Jane Austen wrote it. Well, either way Emma's cold gaze wouldn't leave Cath, clearly wanting a reasonable explanation. \"I don't know, it's kind of shallow,\" Cath shrug. She knew she had to pick her words wisely here. Jane's and Emma's looks of disbelief quickly turned hard, and they obviously tried to hide the rage that fueled their defensiveness. \"But—\" Jane began, but was immediately interrupted by Henry, who knew this debate would not end well. Even he was shocked Cath didn't like Emma . He expected it to be the novel that converted her negative Austen views and see how magnificent Jane Austen was a as a writer. \" Emma is one of the most flawless works of Jane Austen, if not the most. Why do you hate it?\" Henry asked coolly, turning his body to face Cath. He had his legs crossed and his hands gripping his knees, which made Cath want to laugh. He looked like a true English gentleman, with the gray, suede blazer and all. \"Well, Mr. Darcy,\" Cath began with a fake British accent as she adjusted in her seat and sat up like a true English lady. Whenever Cath turned on her fake accent, Henry knew Cath thought he looked 'too English'. That thought had always been strange to him because how could somebody born and raised in England be too English? Still, he uncrossed his legs and slouched, just to amuse her. \"I don't really quite fancy Emma . She's too nosy and self-righteous and shallow. Just like my dear sister over here.\" Emma let out the most intolerable fake gasp she could muster and mockingly placed a hand on her chest, which finally lightened the mood and sent everyone laughing. Even Emma knew when Henry was being 'too English', and just like her sister, she couldn't help herself from acting like an English lady as well. \"How dare you, Catherine! I am the loveliest person on this side of New York City, New York. Isn't that right, Mr. Nobely?\" \"Must you always act British around him?\" Jane sighed as she sent Henry an apologetic look. She found it hilarious whenever her cousins would make fun of him—his face was always priceless—but it was still embarrassing to hear their terrible accents. \"And stop saying he's too British. Someone from England cannot be too British.\" \"No, it's alright, Jane,\" Henry assured her with a slow shake of his head. \"I find their theatrics very entertaining.\" \"Aww, thank you, Tom Hiddleston look-alike,\" Emma said, putting her hand over her chest and bowing in gratitude. \"Now, tell me all about San Francisco and how many women you've disappointed by holding Henry's hand.\" \"And that is my cue to make some tea,\" Cath announced, getting up and heading for the kitchen. \"Oh, I'll help you,\" Henry offered. He stood and followed behind Cath, but she turned and placed a hand on his chest to stop him. \"Oh no, you're not. You are the guest and—\" \"I don't know if you realize this,\" Henry whispered, lowering his head so only they could hear, \"but it genuinely frightens me when your sister talks about love.\" Cath laughed. It was true, Emma could get out of hand when she talked about love. Or, well, what she thinks love is. Unlike Jane, Emma didn't fall in love with the idea of Mr. Darcy (but she did fall in love with Colin Firth's Mr. Darcy). Thanks to Jane Austen's novels though, Emma had turned into a hopeless romantic, always trying to find love where there is none. In cases where she could find love in other people, she will just talk and talk and talk until your ears would fall off. She will ask every detail about their relationship, always commenting about how wonderful love is and blah, blah, blah. With the way she talked, she could suck out all the romance in you, which is why Henry always avoided this topic with her. \"Fine, follow me.\" Cath led him into the kitchen, ordering him to sit down and stay put. Henry insisted to help her, especially with pulling out the tray from a top shelf, but Cath always shooed him. Tea making was one of the things Cath always wanted to do by herself. Something about it just always soothed her nerves, and no matter how relaxed she appeared to be, the idea of tea and making it always had a different effect on her body. \"So, what's with all the papers?\" Henry asked, picking one up off a stack. \"Cleaning out your room?\" \"No, my dad wants me to send some of my papers to him,\" Cath said sheepishly. She had forgotten she even had them there. She was supposed to pick out the best ones she'd written and had completely given up on the task because she couldn't imagine her dad being proud of any of them. \"He wants to see how well I've been doing with my writing, but they're all… rubbish .\" \"What?\" Henry asked incredulously. \"That paper you did about the French Revolution was absolutely the most brilliant one you've done in my class.\" \"I don't know, I mean he's just happy that one of his daughters is following in his footsteps, but sometimes it just feels like he's ashamed that I don't write like him.\" \"But you write nothing like your father.\" \"Obviously. I won't ever measure up to him.\" \"Catherine.\" Cath sighed. She hated it when people used her whole name. It felt too formal for her, and it just reminded her that every woman in her family was named after an Austen character. She would always grimace whenever somebody used it, but Henry had always been an exception to this. Only because her whole name sounded way better when said in an English accent. Cath turned around and slumped against the counter, urging Henry to finish his pep talk. \"I didn't say you would never measure up to your father. I'm just saying both of you have very different writing styles. You're more comedic while he's more serious.\" \"Exactly,\" Cath groaned as she slumped even lower against the counter. \"I don't understand why he can't see that!\" \"You can't please everyone, Catherine, but that shouldn't stop you from thinking you're an excellent writer. And if I was your father, I'd be proud of you no matter how you write.\" Cath smiled broadly. \"Thanks. I'll probably send him every single one of my papers now just to piss him off.\" \"Now, see, when you say things like that, it makes me dread having my own daughter.\" Cath laughed the same time the kettle whistled. She went back to preparing their tea while Henry perused for the said French Revolution paper. They both went on with their own business silently until Cath lifted the tray off the counter and motioned for both of them to move to the living room. Of course, the gentleman that he was, Henry took the tray from Cath and carried it for her, which she had no problem with whatsoever. In fact, Cath loved it when Henry did something gentlemanly for them. There were rarely any gentlemen in New York, so whenever Henry was around, Cath and Emma weren't ashamed to take advantage of him, much to Jane's embarrassment. \"Finally!\" Jane exclaimed as Henry set the tray on the coffee table. \"I haven't had tea in a week.\" \"Eck, how do you people even stand the taste of tea?\" Emma said in disgust. \"Aw, Cath. You didn't even get my Coke.\" \"Sorry. I forgot,\" Cath shrugged. \"Why don't you go get it so Ms. Erstwhile and Mr. Nobley could sit together?\" Jane and Henry both gave her a pointed look, but Cath just responded with an innocent raise of her brows. Emma still obliged anyway and left for the kitchen to get herself something to drink. \"Okay, I know Emma just left but I'm excited to tell them already,\" Jane gushed, turning to Henry. He was pouring tea in all the cups, and only stopped briefly to look at his fiancé. \"Tell them what?\" he asked over his shoulder. He then put the teapot down, handing one cup to Jane and taking one cup for himself. While Jane added milk and sugar to hers, Cath couldn't help but grimace at Henry drinking un sweetened tea. The first time she saw him drink unsweetened tea, she involuntarily uttered the word 'ew', causing Henry to choke on his tea and the others around them to laugh hysterically. Until now, he would purposefully look at her smugly whenever they drank tea in the same room together just to spite her. \"I'm back! I'm back!\" Emma cried out as she darted out of the kitchen and plopped down on the armchair. \"Tell us what?\" \"You know, about the thing,\" Jane said pointedly as she sipped her tea. \"Oh! Right, right,\" he said excitedly as he sat up and leaned forward. \"I can't believe I forgot about it.\" \"Forgot about what?\" Cath asked a little impatiently as she got herself her own cup. She made sure to show off her sugar cubes at Henry, who rolled his eyes at her from behind his cup, before sitting back and stirring the milk and sugar in. \"Oh, my God!\" Emma suddenly exclaimed as she bounced on her seat. Cath tensed at her sister's sudden outburst. She knew Emma was about to say something inane—Emma always said something inane at some point in the conversation—so she took a long sip from her cup to hide her distress. \"Are you guys pregnant?!\" Simultaneously, all tea-drinkers choked on their respective cups of tea. For the next minute or so, they all coughed up a symphony while Emma repeatedly apologized and got them all water. \"Miss Charming will definitely enjoy your company,\" Henry coughed while Emma handed him a bottle. She smiled sheepishly at him and returned to her armchair feeling mortified. \"Sorry about that,\" Emma said again for the nth time. She hugged her legs closer to herself while the noise in the room transitioned from coughing to loud gulping. Jane and Cath had managed to down half of their water bottles, while Henry finished the whole thing, even belching right after. \"It's okay,\" Jane assured Emma as she put down her water bottle and composed herself. \"And no I'm not pregnant.\" \"Then what is it then?\" Cath asked. She and Emma eyed the heavily panting Henry now sprawled out on his side of the couch with his eyes closed. \"Just tell them, honey,\" Henry gasped as he ran a hand through his hair. \"Alright, well, the other day on the phone, I got the chance to catch up with Lizzy, and I just happened to mention that one of my cousins is also a huge fan of Jane Austen,\" Jane said as she eyed Emma. Emma's eyes widened. Her whole body froze on the spot while her mind raced with every possible direction this conversation could be heading. \"And?\" \"Well…\" Henry trailed off, reaching into his suede blazer and producing one plane ticket and one rather large pamphlet that read exactly what Emma had hoped. \"Guess who's going on an all-expense paid trip to Austeland.\" For the next 30 seconds, every single person in the room had been rendered deaf by the loudest scream that had ever come out of Emma's mouth. Cath wished she had been prepared especially for that moment, because even if she already had her hands firmly pressed against her ears, she could still hear the high-pitched shriek of her over-reactive sister. \"Oh, my god! Thank you, thank you, thank you !\" Emma cried over and over. She ran over to Jane and Henry and tackled them into the most claustrophobic group hug Cath had ever seen. Just as he managed to catch his breath from the tea-choking earlier, Henry was visibly gasping for air once more when Emma jumped on top of him and engulfed him in a hug. Even Jane regretted the build up to the surprise, and she had to admit, Emma's hugs were in fact much more uncomfortable than the corsets she wore in Austenland. \"Okay, Emma, I think we need a breather,\" Jane gasped as she tapped Emma's arm furiously. \"Oh, sorry!\" Emma withdrew from the two and returned to her armchair not looking sorry at all. \"I hope you take this moment as a warning never to surprise Emma with anything,\" Cath finally piped up. Emma gave her a shove, but laughed sheepishly anyway after realizing she did go over the top with her gratitude. \"And we hope you don't scream until our ears bleed when we give you this.\" Henry reached into his pocket again, and Cath could only hope he wasn't going to flash another plane ticket and pamphlet at her. As much as she would appreciate the gesture, she wasn't particularly excited about the idea of going to Austenland. Yes, it did look exciting—Cath had a thing for girly, pastel-colored things—but she wouldn't actually subject herself to the lunacy of which Austenland is all about. And she still wasn't a fan of Jane Austen's books. She would feel like a poser wearing all those dresses and pretending like she was in the Regency era. Unfortunately, luck was never really on Cath's side, and there right in front of her was an identical plane ticket and ridiculously large pamphlet. She absolutely did not want to take it, but the excitement on Jane and Henry's faces brought out the ever-present guilt in her. \"Yay, you're coming with me!\" Emma gushed, plopping herself on Cath's laugh and putting her arms around her. \"No, guys, I can't…I can't take this,\" Cath said, returning the ticket and pamphlet back to Henry. Instead of taking it though, Henry just stared down at Cath's outstretched hand and glanced over to Jane just to see if they were sharing the same look. \"Cath, c'mon. This'll be good for you,\" Jane insisted. \"Yeah, Cath. You need to leave this apartment,\" Emma added. \"Hey, I leave the apartment,\" Cath said defensively. Sure, she only left when she had to, but it's not like she's going to miss out on anything. \"The only times you leave the apartment are when you go to school, when you go to work and when it's your turn to do the grocery shopping. When you live in New York City, that hardly counts as leaving the apartment,\" Emma countered. \"Fine, I don't leave the apartment,\" Cath admitted, rather proudly, \"but it doesn't really matter to me, okay? I get to sit here and read and write and eat and watch TV. There's literally nothing more I could ask for. And I don't want to be a waste of money. I'm probably not going to enjoy Austenland.\" \"You were there when the amusement park opened, and if I'm not mistaken, you were clearly amused that day,\" Jane said matter-of-factly. \"But we were in the amusement park! Not the resort!\" Cath corrected in frustration. \"Alright, the amusement park was fun, but the resort is…is—\" \"Going to be amazing,\" Jane finished softly. \"Catherine, we promise you, you'll have an amazing time in Austenland, even if you're not an Austen fan,\" Henry assured her with painfully amazing doe-eyes. Cath wondered if Henry even knew his eyes could bring the whole female population down on their knees, but even if he did, he'd probably never admit it to anyone but himself. \"Hold on a second here,\" Cath said, pushing Emma off her lap and standing up. \"Aren't you the same person who thought this whole thing was, shall I quote your words exactly, 'somewhat grotesque'? If you thought this whole Austen experience thing was total bullshit, why should I listen to you?\" Henry stared back at her, eyes wide and mouth open. His doe-eyes were now a dear in headlights, an expression Cath thought she'd never see in her life. She was slightly proud of herself, rendering the sharp, well-spoken history teacher's lips into a quivering mess. A minute had already passed and nothing had come out of his mouth. Cath was ready to crown herself as victor of this argument, until the corners of his mouth turned up and he reached for his fiancé's hand. God damn it , Cath thought. \"Take it from me, Catherine. The greatest of things come from the most unlikely places,\" Henry spoke softly, turning his gaze to the beautiful girl beside her and planting a sweet kiss on the back of her hand. Jane blushed uncontrollably, and was now the speechless one. While Emma awed behind her, Cath wasn't buying any of it, even if she usually would. \"Good for you, finding yourself a wife,\" Cath said dryly. She didn't mean for it to come out bitter and unimpressed, but she was glad they hadn't taken it in the wrong way. \"Don't get me wrong, I'm glad you found each other at that torture chamber, but don't dangle your love in front of me. It's not going to get me on a plane to London.\" \"Cath, c'mon!\" Emma whined. She started shaking Cath's arm impatiently, but Cath was determined. Oh, yeah, she was going to stand her ground and not let anyone push her around. \"Emma, I'm sorry, okay? I'm just going to ruin the trip for you with my whining and complaining and constant sarcastic remarks. You're better off without me.\" \"Do you think that matters to me, Cath? I'd rather hear your stupid, smartass comments than hear nothing at all. And this could be an adventure for us! We're going to drink that disgusting tea that you love, eat biscuits, ride horses, fine love—\" \"Whoa, whoa, I'm going to stop you right there,\" Cath growled. Her sister's speech had already started softening her up enough to actually agree, until the last part. \"I'm done with love and romance, Emma. What makes you think I'm going to a place that obviously celebrate these two things?\" \"Oh, Cath,\" Emma sighed, pulling her little sister onto her lap and holding her close. \"Cath, I know you love him, but it's been two years already. You have to let him go.\" \"I just—\" Cath swallowed down a sob that was threatening to leave her throat. It had been a while since anyone talked about him, and even if she had finally convinced herself it was okay to bring him up, she still had to struggle with holding back tears. \"I can't yet. I'm sorry.\" \"Aww, Cath, honey,\" Jane cooed as she got up from her seat and came to her with open arms. Henry stood up as well and was a ready to most likely offer a shoulder to cry on, but Cath had already started to feel the walls close in before they could reach her. \"Jesus, don't smother me. I can't breathe,\" Cath jeered as she swatted their bodies away. She got off Emma's lap and moved to a side of the room where there were less bodies and more air. \"Please don't give me a pep talk on this. I'm really trying my best to get over it, but you just have to give me some time.\" \"Okay, we won't give the pep talk, but at least take this into consideration. You don't have to go there to find love. We just want you get out and take a breath of much fresher air,\" Henry spoke for all three of them. \"And besides, after what happened to us at Austenland, I don't want either of you… cavorting with any of the actors.\" \"Especially if the actor is part of the help,\" Jane added for a touch of humor. Henry turned to her with a slight scowl on his face, but Jane just raised her eyebrows innocently and shrugged. \"Oh, don't worry. I'll behave,\" Emma nodded animatedly at Henry, but then turned to Cath to shake her head and mouth 'no way!' Cath laughed and shook her head at her sister's antics. \"See!\" Henry exclaimed, pointing at Emma. \"This is exactly why you need to go. If you don't want to go for yourself, then at least go for your sister. So at least someone will stop her from doing something inane and humiliating.\" \"Thank you, Mr. Nobley. You really know how to woo the ladies,\" Emma said flatly. Henry was right though. If Emma went there alone, no one would ever stop her from doing something completely idiotic, like offending the people with her terrible British impressions or bringing home not one, but all the English actors she thought was dreamy. Emma may be two years older than her, but they both knew Cath was the smarter one. Cath was the more rational, practical sister. She rarely got into trouble, and in certain circumstances where she does get into trouble, she could get herself out with as much finesse as any lady would. Just the image of her sister walking through their door with one, two, five, nine Englishmen was enough for to throw her head back in defeat and groan. \"When does the flight leave?\" \"Yay!\" Emma clapped excitedly while Jane and Henry smiled broadly in relief. \"Tomorrow morning.\" \"Oh my God, I better start packing!\" And in a blink of an, Emma was gone. Feeling the exhaustion on her shoulders, Cath collapsed on the couch and put one arm over her eyes. \"I can't believe you talked me into going.\" \"Look, Cath, if this really stresses you out, why don't Henry and I come with you guys?\" Jane offered hopefully. If Cath didn't know any better, she'd overlook her cousin's generous offer for help and think this didn't have anything to do with the fact that Jane obviously wanted to return to the place where she found her Prince Charming. But Cath did know better, and all it took was the sound of Jane's hopeful voice. \"Yes, Jane and I will—uh, excuse me?\" Henry asked, his voice cracking a pitch higher. \"We'll go to Austenland with them.\" \"Honey,\" Henry laughed nervously. \"I don't think we have the money to go back to Austenland.\" \"So what? Lizzy offered to accommodate us anyway, but I told her no because I knew you didn't want to go back there.\" Cath literally gasped at this newfound information. \"You hypocrite ! I can't believe you're sending me off to a place you don't even like after that little speech you made and—\" \"Fine! Fine! I'll go!\" Henry said in defeat. He never really had a choice when it came to the Hayes girls. \"Just as long as you won't change your mind.\" Cath smiled satisfactorily and pushed herself off the couch. \"I will mail my papers and pack then.\" Henry scowled at her, but that did nothing to falter the smirk on Cath's face. If she was going to suffer in Austenland, she'll need him to suffer with her. Before she disappeared into the kitchen, she lingered in front of Henry and looked at him smugly. \"Remember, this is your fiancé's favorite place, so you'll probably have to keep going back there for anniversaries.\" \"Hmm,\" Henry moaned. \"Delightful.\" Happy with her work, Cath patted him on the shoulder and skipped merrily to the kitchen while humming to the tune of Hot In Here . If you're reading this, you obviously finished the first chapter so yay thank you! To any readers out there, I'm curious to know what you guys think! I hope you enjoyed this little sneak peak for what's to hopefully come! :-)[Chapter 2] Hello lovely Austenland fans! I come bearing another chapter! Sorry it took me this long to get it up, I got too busy with so many school-related things. Don't worry though. I got the whole story mapped out so the only thing I have to worry about is finding the time to write. Anyway, thank you to all the readers to favorited, followed and reviewed the story! I honestly wasn't expecting it, considering the number of Austenland fics on this site! Thank you, thank you, thank you so much! Even though it's not a lot, you guys were honestly my motivation to continue, so I hope I won't disappoint with this one. To TheMagentaColor, seasidewriter1, Dan-Four-Lover, x-La vie en rose-x and guest, thank you for your kind reviews! Anyway, I won't keep you waiting. Here's the next chapter, enjoy :-) \"I still can't believe you guys talked me into this,\" Cath repeated, and she kept repeating it until Emma had finally had enough of her incessant ranting and looked up from her large Austenland pamphlet. \"Then don't,\" Emma snapped. \"But you could at least shut up about it. You're ruining my good vibes.\" Cath scowled at her sister and turned to look at the view outside her window. Clouds slowly rolled by, revealing the seemingly endless strip of blue beneath them. There wasn't much to look at really; it was just all cloud and sea. For Cath, however, that was enough to distract her mind from their impending destination. She only flicked through her pamphlet once, before they boarded the plane, and she had no intention of going through it again. She had decided she wasn't going to join any of the planned activities at all. She was just going to stand at the back to observe (well, ignore everyone, really). She could tolerate the stupid corsets and multiple dress changes during the day, but actually going horseback riding or playing coquet was out of the question. \"When do you think Jane and Henry will arrive?\" Emma asked, slightly bouncing in her seat. \"They're supposed to arrive an hour after us, but I don't know,\" Cath said with an unsure look on her face. \"I already have this feeling Henry won't fasten his seatbelt so the plane won't take off.\" Emma threw her head back and let out a hearty laugh. \"And then when they do take off, he'll just keep bugging the stewardess and ask how soon the plane will land.\" \" Oh , not without puking a little bit of his breakfast.\" Cath and Emma just burst out laughing as a clear image of Henry hunching over a paper bag and retching his guts out formed in their minds. How Jane got Henry to ride another plane, they'll never figure out, but they were just excited Henry was coming along with them. If there's one thing Cath is looking forward to, it's seeing Mr. Nobley in his natural habitat. Getting dirty looks from the other passengers, Cath and Emma both cleared their throats to stop them from laughing and tried to act civil again. \"I really hope you'd still be this fun at Austenland,\" Emma sighed, turning to her sister with a wishful look. Cath's face fell slightly. What her sister wanted was very simple, a wish she could grant, but not easily. When Cath truly despised something, she wore her heart on her sleeve, and she wasn't afraid to do it. She had made countless enemies in high school for her bluntness, but that still didn't stop her from grimacing or making disapproving noises. But seeing the childlike wonder and excitement in her sister's eyes, she had no choice but to at least put in a little effort to act like a pleasant young lady. \"I'll try my best,\" Cath assured Emma, and it took a lot in her to make sure she sounded genuine. \"Thanks,\" Emma smiled, engulfing her sister in a hug and going back to her pamphlet. \"I still don't understand why you hate this place. You're the history enthusiast between the two of us. I would've thought you'd love this place more than me.\" \"I love reading about the era, but that doesn't mean I want to experience it,\" Cath explained coolly. \"You have no idea how boring women's lives were during that time.\" \"Are you kidding? I would give anything to travel back in time and live in a much simpler time.\" \"That's because you aren't fit enough to survive our current era.\" \"Whatever. At least women were better respected by men during the Regency era. They practically worshipped us.\" Cath snorted at this. \"Yes, they worshipped us so much that we ended up stuck indoors sewing, cleaning, cooking, reading and whatever other boring activity there was. I think I'll pass on that.\" \"I thought you said you'd stop being cynical.\" \"I said I'd try.\" \"Fine. But the moment I see you blush because a very handsome gentleman kissed your hand, I'm going to yell I told you so.\" Cath scoffed at this and leaned her head on the window. Emma could bully her into romance all she wants, but Cath was certain no one in this resort could ever make her heart flutter. They had been waiting for at least an hour and a half. As they set foot in the airport at London, Cath and Emma first visited the bookstore in Jane had told them about. They scanned every aisle and every shelf, both of them picking up at least one or two books. Okay, well Cath picked up four, but you never hesitate on sales. Emma couldn't help but let her big sister side poke through and scold Cath for using too much of her money (just like she always did at bookstores). Cath, on the other hand, pressed two of her books against her ears to drown out her sister's annoying, high-pitched voice as they headed to the food court for some lunch. Pushing through the hustle and bustle of the airport, Cath and Emma just marveled at the sound of different accents blending together to produce a melody that made them both smile like 8-year-olds. Hearing Henry's English lilt was already a big deal for them. Now that they were at heart of all things English, they had to resist bringing out their 'theatrics' and offending everyone within the vicinity. Once at the food court, Cath and (mostly) Emma tried not to inhale every single stall they passed in search of the most appetizing lunch. There were mostly international-known fast food restaurants, but after stupidly skipping breakfast so they wouldn't miss their flight, anything was good enough for them as long as they got to fill their stomachs. With so many choices right in front of them, they had ended up giving into their McDonald's temptation and ordered the biggest burger they could handle. Once they were seated, Cath had thrown all her cares out the window and just devoured her Quarter Pounder with as much grace as a sloth. Emma was tempted to do the same, but with the presence of cute, preppy English boys sitting a few tables away from them, she tried her best to eat a Big Mac as ladylike as possible. Halfway through her burger, Cath looked up at her sister to see the same satisfied expression she probably had, but instead, she saw a shy, smitten girl taking small bites and grinning subtly. She furrowed her eyebrows and took a huge gulp of her Coke as she tried to understand what was happening with Emma, but her chest jerk and involuntarily, she let out a loud burp. Cath and Emma blushed as everyone turned to their table with surprised (and maybe a few dirty) looks, including the table full of English boys. \"God, Catherine. Embarrass us more, why don't you?\" Emma hissed quietly as she took a tiny bite of her burger and kept glancing to her left. Cath followed the direction of her gaze, and seeing the table fully of guys constantly looking at them, she smirked and rolled her eyes at her boy-crazy sister. \"Sorry,\" Cath smiled smugly. \"I'm just a starved American trying to eat.\" \"Yeah, and talk and moan and sound like a complete imbecile.\" \"Emma, please. Don't tell me you actually care about what those English twats think about you.\" Emma blushed. Wildly. \"Absolutely not. I just don't want you to embarrass yourself.\" \"I've already embarrassed myself by getting on a plane to London, England just to visit Austenland. Of all the beautiful, wonderful places we could've gone to. I'm pretty maxed out on the whole embarrassment thing.\" Emma rolled her eyes at Cath and stole a quick glance at the English boys smirking at them. Cath kept her eyes trained at her sister, narrowing them into tiny, unimpressed slits, and then followed her gaze once more just to scowl at the boys. Since they kept looking their way, Cath expected them to either snort at her or take this as a sign to leave them alone. What she didn't expect, however, was one of them to smile shyly at her, and then wink . Wink! One of them winked at her! She couldn't believe one of them was flirting with her! Yeah, he was kind of cute, if Cath was into preppy, rich boys, but clearly she wasn't. Cath didn't know her face could contort into something even much worse than a scowl. It was like someone let out the worst smelling fart in the world in the food court, and somehow, Cath had wished that was the case instead of a guy flirting with her. She had forgotten what it felt like to be hit on, considering she never left their apartment. Now that it was actually happening, she hated that feeling even more. She hated it so much she wished all her clothes just said, \"DON'T FLIRT WITH ME.\" With a much fiercer scowl, Cath hoped he'd stop looking at her. She knew she had no control over that, but she hated the feeling of someone taking interest in her. When his face fell, she thought she had won this battle, but seeing his eyes staring at something right behind her, she slowly turned her head to see Henry, who had a murderous look on his face. Jane was right beside him looking rather amused, and laced her arm through his to remind him to compose himself. \"Alright, Rocky. I think this airport has seen enough of your rolling around on the ground,\" Jane quipped as she tried to calm Henry down. \"You promised not to bring that up,\" Henry said flatly. He gave the group of boys one last lingering glare before he sat down beside Emma and glared at her this time. Emma's head jerked back a little, surprised she was getting this end of the argument. \"What? I didn't do anything.\" \"Oh, please, Emma. I could see you batting your eyes at every boy on that table. This is exactly why you shouldn't be left alone here in London.\" \"Awww, you took a plane just to protect me,\" Emma gushed and put her arms around him. \"No, I took a plane to protect the men of England from you,\" Henry corrected her, but she was having none of his sass. \"Jane, I swear, you have a keeper over here,\" Emma said, and all three of them just tried to figure out of she was being sarcastic or not. \"Tell me about it,\" Jane laughed as she eased into the chair beside Cath. \"So, how was your flight?\" \"Meh, nothing eventful. How about yours?\" Cath answered, already anticipating Henry's new embarrassing story. \"Actually,\" Jane grinned widely, \"it went rather well.\" Emma snorted. \"And by well, you mean Henry only used up one paper bag this time?\" \"He didn't use any.\" Emma and Cath gasped loudly, causing Henry to cover both of their mouths with his hands. If there was one word Henry could use to describe Cath and Emma, it was definitely campy. Both them just reminded him of a leading lady's sidekick best friend in romantic comedies, and it was moments like these when they provided him the proof. Of course, he'd want to see them as leading ladies, but maybe when they stop (un)intentionally exaggerating their movements like gasping. \"I slept all throughout the flight now stop drawing attention to yourselves,\" Henry whispered-screamed as removed his hands off their mouths. \"You slept?\" Cath asked skeptically. \"You? Mr. I-Always-Have-A-Stick-Up-My-Ass was able to relax and sleep from New York to London?\" \"Of course not,\" Jane interjected. \"I slipped a sleeping pill in his water.\" Henry's eyes went wide as he turned to his fiancé with a horrified look. \"You snuck sleeping pills in my water? Is that why it tasted funny?\" \"Man, Henry. Don't keep drinking things if they taste funny,\" Emma said matter-of-factly as she shook her head. \"I can't believe you snuck a sleeping pill in my drink,\" Henry said incredulously, the veins on his neck already showing. \"I could've been allergic to that pill, you know!\" \"I know. That's why I hoped to God you'd wake up when we landed earlier,\" Jane admitted, her face contorting into something that resembled guilt and amusement at the same time. \"Jesus Christ, remind me never to get on your bad side,\" Emma butted in, turning to Jane with a grimace before taking the last bite of her burger. \"You could've killed me.\" Henry was still in shock and already staring into a far off distance, probably contemplating what the afterlife must feel like. Cath just sat there, staring at her companions with combined looks of terror and mortification. Her cousin may be a potential threat to her own fiancé, her sister is annoying so desperate for love and her future cousin-in-law is—well, he's actually just the strapping, fine gentleman that bagged the toned down version of the Kardashians. She honestly couldn't fathom how weird her family was, her included, but there was just no denying it. Sometimes, she found it endearing and heartwarming, but in situations like these, she just hoped no one was listening to their conversation. While Jane tried to coax Henry out of his somewhat near death experience with numerous apologies and kisses and Emma tried to inconspicuously catch one more look at the Brits a few tables away, Cath took one last sip of her Coke and stood up to announce their departure from the food court. \"I know all of you have a lot going on right now, but I think it's time for us to wait for the car,\" Cath announced, slinging her carry-on on her shoulder and pointed to the direction of the exit like an usherette. \"Oh, goodie! I almost forgot why we came here in the first place!\" Emma said enthusiastically as she grabbed her carry-on and dragged Cath towards the designated meeting place. \"God, Henry, Jane, hurry up!\" \"We'll, uh,\" Jane stumbled, carefully guiding Henry off his seat, \"we'll catch up.\" Cath prayed for her life as Emma navigated them through the throngs of people going about their own business. Emma never slowed down once, instead just hollering out a bunch of apologies to people they've shoved or stepped on. Cath was grateful she didn't have the time to see the dirty looks the people were giving them. She just hoped they'd get out of there faster than Jane can recite the first three chapters of Pride and Prejudice just for fun. \"Finally, the damn exit,\" Emma said, pulling Cath forward and pushing her out the automatic glass doors. \"Stop manhandling meee,\" Cath whined. Emma still pushed her forward anyway until they reached a short red carpet surrounded by golden ropes with a huge Austenland poster at the end. Once Cath came face-to-face with it, it just seemed like the girl in the poster stared back at her almost mockingly. She was holding hands with a guy in stiff-collared jacket and breeches, and Cath was pretty positive Emma would freak out like a little girl when she finally sees this outfit on a handsome Englishman in the flesh. \"I can't believe it's finally happening!\" Emma gushed as she jumped up and down. \"You have no—\" \"Idea how long you've been waiting to for this moment?\" Cath finished for her. \"I kinda do.\" \"God, Catherine, stop being so pessimistic and at least enjoy the foreign air.\" Emma inhaled so deeply Cath was sure all her boogers would've found their way down her throat if she had any. Her sister was right though. Cath had always wanted to visit London, see all the great historical landmarks and write in a little obscure café that sold the best tea she'd ever tasted. But no, she was now waiting for a shuttle to take her to the most moronic resort anyone could think of. \" Alright ,\" Jane smiled as she and Henry approached. \"Who's ready for Austenland?\" Emma clapped her hands and chanted 'me' over and over while Henry and Cath just groaned. Cath couldn't reiterate enough how this was the worst way to spend your first and probably only trip to London. Even the look on Henry's face said so. \"Henry, you promised to pretend to be excited,\" Jane pouted as she laced her arm through his and intertwined their fingers together. \"Yeah, well, that was before you drugged me, so I think I get to act miserable on the first day,\" Henry countered back with his own pout. Jane scrunched her nose and stared back at Henry, still hoping she'd change his mind, but he was as determined as she was. He tried to match whatever look she had on, and with some silent, doe-eyed prodding, she eventually sighed and narrowed her eyes at him. \"Fine,\" she said, giving him a quick peck and a smile. Just before Cath could even make a disgusted sound at the sight of PDA, a bunch of guitar notes started playing in a distance, and based on her previous visit, she knew exactly what this song was. Unfortunately . \" Would you live in a different world with a different meaning of boy meets girl …\" Cath drowned out Emma's cheering and focused on the hideous pink van that rolled right in front of them. On the side facing them, the word 'Austenland' was painted right across it, and Cath was sure the same thing could be seen on the other side. There were speakers installed right on top of it, obnoxiously blaring out the sickeningly sweet tune of Austenland's theme song. \"Where the hell is that old, black car you rode in?\" Cath tried to mutter. She was definitely certain the cringe on her face would never leave until the end of the week. \"C'mon. It's not that bad,\" Henry tried, but even he failed to convince himself. This was absolutely, positively the worst looking monstrosity on four wheels. \" What? Who, me? I know, I feel that way too…\" \"Could they at least turn the song off?\" Cath said, looking around to see if anyone was looking at them. She hoped only a few would think this was all weird, but nope, every single person just had to steal a glance at them before they went their own ways. Fantastic. Emma, annoyed by Cath's negativity, slapped a hand over her younger sister's mouth and led her to the van. \"Shh, don't ruin the moment for me.\" Cath rolled her eyes and just followed Emma. As they approached the still singing pink van, Cath's heart certainly leapt when she made eye contact with the driver, because he did not look like a driver at all . It's not everyday you see a driver that looked exactly like Orlando Bloom, and Cath was definitely not going to deny the fact that she did find him handsome. Extremely handsome , to be exact. Especially when he side-smirked at her. If Cath's heart had leapt before, it was definitely doing somersaults now. \"Good afternoon, ladies,\" the driver smiled, revealing his painfully perfect pearly whites. \"I'm—\" \"Going to help these girls in? Oh, don't worry, that won't be necessary,\" Henry interjected, slightly shoving Emma and Cath in as he stared the driver down. \"I'll do it.\" \"Henry,\" Jane scolded lowly. \"You're such a party pooper. He's just doing his job. I'm Emma, by the way,\" Emma grinned, sending the driver a wink before sliding into the front row. Cath was too busy trying to calm her heart down to even comment about Emma's introduction. Was she really that smitten? Especially after showing strong disinterest in one of the English boys earlier? But then again, preppy, rich kid didn't look like Orland Bloom, or had perfect, white teeth. It was going to take more than a smile and wink to make her panties drop, and Orlando Bloom look alike may have what it takes to do just that. \"A-and I'm Cath,\" she said shyly, grinning for one quick second before she let her hair fall in front of her face as she got in. \"Nice to meet you, Cath,\" Orlando smiled back, and the fact that he didn't even mean to be flirty at all pretty much had Cath melting into a puddle in her seat. Cath returned the smile again, but this time Henry was there to clear his throat and break up their friendly (and totally innocent) exchange. It was his turn to give the driver a curt smile, and Orlando took that as a signal to get back into the driver's seat and wait for them to get settled in. \"God, Henry,\" Jane grunted as she climbed in and sat in the second row. Henry climbed in after her and let out an irritated sigh. \"Don't be too harsh on the guy.\" \"I wouldn't have had to if Ms. I'm-Too-Good-For-Love wasn't flirting with him,\" Henry countered, earning him a dirty look from Cath. \"I'll have you know there are so many things wrong with that sentence,\" Cath said. \"Oh, please do enumerate them.\" Henry turned to her expectantly as he pushed the door closed and plopped down beside Jane. \"Gladly. First of all, I never said I was too good for love. Ever. Second, we were not flirting. I just introduced myself to the guy.\" Without warning, the van rolled out of the waiting area and drove carefully through the sea of taxis and private vehicles. Henry and Cath got distracted for a moment, both looking out the window before going back to staring each other down. \"To be honest, I don't even know why you're pulling that protective father crap on me. It's not like I winked at him.\" Cath's head immediately turned to Emma, who was apparently enjoying the heated conversation going on between them. \"Cath, I'm sure you understand by now that nothing he'll say or do will keep her away from guys,\" Jane said matter-of-factly, with Emma nodding her head to back her statement up. \"Unfortunately, that is true,\" Henry agreed reluctantly, \"but you, Catherine? Breaking your ludicrous vow all because of an Orlando Bloom twin? I thought you were stronger than that.\" \"Oh my God, I can't wait to watch you fall in love with the rest of the servants,\" Emma gushed in all seriousness. \"Hey, just because I've sworn off love, doesn't mean I can't admire and appreciate the beautiful men around me,\" Cath protested. \"And no, there is no way I'm going to fall in love with anyone. I'm way in too deep with my vow. I doubt anyone would be worthy enough to break it anyway.\" \"That's kind of a mean thing to say with Orlando in the car,\" Jane scolded jokingly, tilting her head to the direction of their driver. Realizing they focused their attention on him, Orlando chuckled awkwardly and glanced at his rearview mirror. \"It's okay. I wasn't really looking for love either. And it's Max, by the way.\" \"Max…\" Emma said, the name just rolling off her tongue. \"Interesting. Does Max have a number—\" \"Emma, honestly, are you going to flirt with every single guy in this country?\" Henry wailed as he threw his head back in frustration and exhaustion. \"Only the hot ones,\" Emma shrugged. \"Fantastic,\" Henry muttered sarcastically before sighing in resignation and keeping his eyes closed to probably take a nap. \"I wouldn't really worry about him. He just likes pretending to be a dad,\" Jane whispered, but her body jerked all of a sudden and she turned to Henry with a scowl. \"I hate it when you tickle me.\" \"I hate it when you downplay my concern for women,\" Henry said, his eyes still closed but a smirk slowly forming on his lips. \"Ah, yes. Your noble duty of protecting every single female from harm like Superman. Such a turn on,\" Jane joked as she cuddled up to her fiancé and moaned. Even after a relaxing flight, it was clear these two were in need of a nap. Instead of putting in their two cents, Cath and Emma both smiled knowingly at each other faced forward to give them their private little naptime. They sat in silence for the next hour of the trip, just looking out the windows and gazing at the amazing sights before them. Cath was especially careful to watch out for the little, obscure café she imagined herself writing in and promised herself that one day, she will come back, with a tattered up notebook and her MacBook in hand. Once they were out of the city and saw nothing but lots of trees and fields, both of them leaned back and let themselves get a few minutes to sleep, too. Just to recharge the body so they'd have enough energy to keep up with the actors later. Like she always did, Emma leaned her head on Cath's shoulder and snuggled up to it, but this time, before doing just that, she grinned and leaned into Cath's ear. \"You know, he hasn't stopped looking at you through his mirror since we got here,\" Emma said. Cath attempted to turn her head to sneer at her sister, but she had already lain down on her shoulder and closed her eyes. It annoyed Cath how up until now, they still didn't respect the vow she made for herself. It's not like it's permanent or anything. She had tried countless times to have normal relationships with guys, but none of them would ever make it past the second or third date. Some of them never even passed the first one. She just figured she needed more time to heal, to find herself again before this whole thing happened. If she'd ever meet the guy that would teach her how to fall in love again, she wanted to make sure she didn't feel damaged or hesitant about where their relationship is going. She wanted to make sure she was already the best version of herself, just so she couldn't find any reason to hold herself back anymore. But that moment wasn't going to be today, or tomorrow, or two days from now. She wasn't ready to go back out there yet. Sure, she didn't mind checking guys out from time to time, but right now, she was just an ogler. She was just going to survey the existing pool of guys available to her until the time was right for her to dive back in again. You are not going to fall in love, you are not going to fall in love, you are not going to fall in love , Cath repeated over and over in her mind as she stole a quick glance at the rearview mirror to see if Emma was lying. For a second, she made eye contact with Max, and when he looked away, Cath took this as proof her sister wasn't kidding. But she wasn't going to think about this. No. You are not going to fall in love. She kept repeating it like a mantra with as much self-assurance as any cocky bastard, only because she knew —she was certain , that falling in love was out of the cards for her. Ta da! I hope you made it 'til the end. So what did you guys think? Sorry it's kind of a filler, but I guess I kinda got to establish where Cath is with relationships. So yes, she's not looking for love, but she's not completely opposed to staring at hot men like every other woman haha. So the next chapter will finally be in Austenland yay! You'll get to meet the new resident Mr. Darcy hehe. Hope to see you guys at the next chapter! Thanks for reading![Chapter 3] Hello everyone! Happy Holidays to you all! So incredibly sorry I haven't updated this in months! Since my semester was filled with writing subjects, I thought I'd have time to write, but it turns out I don't hahaha ha. :/ Anyway, I was having second thoughts about updating this, but when I went back to my outline, I realized how short this story actually was so I thought, why not? And a lot of people still favorite it and follow it, surprisingly! Thank you so much, by the way! Anyway, won't keep you for long! Here's a late Christmas present, I guess? Enjoy! Cath may have been determined not to fall in love with Austenland's allegedly delicious roster of actors and servants, but she was definitely not going to hold herself back from falling in love with the view outside the car window. She hadn't expected their drive to last for almost two hours, but the English countryside they passed by literally looked like a commercial for an HD television set. It just looked unreal. The luscious green grass, the beautiful flower patches, the brightest of the bright blue sky—all of it just felt like a dream. In HD. Literally everything looked like it was in HD. Cath had resisted the urge to fish her phone out of her pocket to take pictures; she didn't feel comfortable publicly taking pictures when apparently the hot, Orlando Bloom look alike driver couldn't stop staring at her. She wanted to believe it was because admiring one of nature's greatest gifts felt like an intimate moment for her, but no. She just didn't want to look like one of those weird, tech-crazy tourists in front of Orlando—Max, alright, he's name is Max. Cath wasn't usually like this. When had she ever cared about what guys thought of her? Never, that's when. Okay, maybe a couple times in the past year, but it still felt like a new experience for her. Before she leaves her apartment, she always had a mental list of things to do everyday, and once she leaves her apartment, nothing could ever, ever stop her from accomplishing all of the things she sought out to do. This meant guys were pretty much off her mind. Yeah, she'd go out with her friends from time to time, and she'd spot a really good-looking guy, but that was it. No flirting, just looking, and to make her love life even more nonexistent, each hang out she had with her friends usually had a three-week interval. It was a lonely, dull life, but Cath enjoyed it. She liked holing herself up in their apartment, reading or writing or doing something else productive. It was just her way of life, and no one else had been determined enough to break that. Half an hour, after they'd been driving through gorgeous fields, the scenery turned into a forest, and that was when Cath allowed herself to lean back, relax and take a nap. The great thing was they were still on a road, which meant that the ground was even and the drive was smooth. Unfortunately, it only lasted for 30 minutes, and being the uptight girl that she really was, she had only managed to fall asleep the last ten minutes of the trip before they drove through a gate and pulled up in front of a brick house. \"Goddamnit,\" she groaned quietly, earning again the attention of the driver. \"This isn't the house yet, you know,\" Max beamed from his rearview mirror. Cath sighed deeply and looked out the window. \"I know. I just prefer not to be here right now.\" \"A lot of girls would kill to be here right now.\" \"Well, if that's the case, I'm willing to offer my life right about now.\" Max twittered and turned to look back at her. \"Do you have anything against Jane Austen?\" \"Not really. I just hate this place. I love the amusement park, but not the resort. It shouldn't even be called a resort—there's nothing relaxing about it!\" \"I can see that,\" Max smirked at Cath's sudden tense outburst. \"Sorry,\" Cath smiled sheepishly. \"I just really don't want to be here.\" \"Don't worry. I don't either,\" Max admitted. \"I mean, I don't actually work in the manor—\" And just like that, Cath's level of excitement just dwindled down even further. She may or may not be attracted to this younger-looking Orlando Bloom, but at least she'd know someone else—someone who hated Austenland as much as she did. All Cath could think of was, when the hell do I catch a break? \"—but the amusement park does get a bit boring on weekdays.\" \"No women to flirt with?\" Cath joked. \"No women at all,\" Max snorted, sending Cath into a fit of laughter. Her obnoxious wheezing trying to mask itself as laughter eventually woke everyone else up, and one by one, they all started to groan groggily. Emma, being the loud person that she was, wasn't ashamed to just stretch her little arms over her head and let out this massive groan with a booming voice. Cath cringed at her sister's intolerable manners and prayed to God she wasn't going to wake up the whole manor like this for the next seven days. Jane, being the gentle person that she was, let out a squeak than a groan. She allowed her body to writhe in the pleasure of waking up from a good nap before she opened her eyes and marveled at the familiar, little house in front of them. There may have been bad memories, but she chose to hold on to the good, literally and figuratively. Finally, Henry, being the most pessimistic person at times, groaned in despair at the sight of the brick house. Even if he fortunately managed to meet Jane and briefly step into one of his favorite historical eras, he was not at all glad to have his memories of learning how to dance and acting appropriately and being bossed around by his aunt flood back into his mind. God only knows what's in store for him. \"Man, I thought you were dying,\" Emma mumbled while trying to lick back the moisture in her mouth and on her lips. \"I still don't understand why you laugh like that.\" \"And I still don't understand why you're not freaking out,\" Cath said instead, just to hold back the rant building up at the back of her throat (she hated it when Emma made a big deal about the way she laughed), \"because we're in freaking Austenland .\" It took a while for Emma to process Cath's words, when suddenly, her eyes shot open even wider and a gasp escaped her lips. Emma freaking out was definitely not something Cath wanted to handle, but given her current circumstance, watching her sister lose it over something inane was actually really fun to watch. \"I can't believe it! We're here! C'mon! Open the damn door!\" Cath, Jane and Henry all grinned at Emma's enthusiasm and followed exactly what the crazy lady asked for. Cath slid the door open, letting the scorching summer heat engulf her long-sleeved, pants-wearing body. It killed her spirits a little, but when a slight breeze blew against her face, she let herself remember that they were in England . She was breathing English air, and soaking up the English heat. It may feel like a sauna, but at least it was an English one. As the rest of them piled out, the front door suddenly creaked open and an old woman dressed in regency garb stepped out with a broad smile on her face. From the surprised looks on Jane's and Henry's faces, Cath could guess this wasn't the scary, insufferable aunt that played with Jane's heart and essentially embarrassed her. \"Welcome, welcome,\" the old lady greeted with a very distinct English accent. She sounded rather pleasant to Cath, but she just hoped her first impression of her as the sweet, charming grandma wasn't all an act. \"Hi, I'm Emma Hayes!\" Emma said animatedly as she stepped forward and shook the old lady's hand. The old lady then turned to the other three and shook their hands while Emma introduced them all. \"This is Cath, Jane and Henry.\" \"Yes, yes, we've all been expecting you,\" she smiled. \"I am Mrs. Abigail Travers and welcome to Austenland.\" \"Yay!\" Emma clapped excitedly as Mrs. Travers motioned them to follow her into the house. Cath, Jane and Henry just looked at each other, all three of them displaying three different looks—disbelief, excitement and hope, respectively. \"She does not look like your aunt. At all,\" Jane whispered to Henry as they walked along the stony pathway leading to the house. \"Thank God for that,\" Henry quipped as a broad smile appeared on his lips. Cath silently chuckled at her future cousin-in-law's sudden relief. If there's one thing Cath was sure about Henry (other than the fact that he is the most British person she has ever met), it was that he disliked his aunt. Very strongly. With a weird, intense passion. She didn't know if it was because she made him work at Austenland for a week, or if he just hated the idea of Austenland all together, but one thing's for sure: she had never seen Henry look so ecstatic at the sight of a chirpy, old woman he barely even knew. Stepping into the old—well, relatively speaking—brick house, Cath was greeted by the smell of what seemed to be chocolate chip cookies and the sound of classical music playing in the background. \"Mmm, if Austenland has a tray of cookies in every corner, maybe this won't be so bad,\" Cath mused as she followed the scent of her second favorite dessert of all time. \"Maybe she won't be so bad,\" Jane quipped quietly, hoping Cath didn't hear it. She did, unfortunately, and was just lucky enough to only receive a glare from her. Jane shrugged in a lame attempt to apologize and smiled as she watched her cousin scamper off to find the delicious chocolate sweets. Of course, as they followed the scent through dainty-looking rooms and surprisingly narrow hallways, they were led into the room Jane thought she'd never set foot in ever again: the consultation room. Well, that's what she called it anyway. However, cookies weren't the only surprise waiting for them. There, sitting behind the familiar desk in front of the unnecessarily lit fireplace (on a hot summer's day) was Ms. Elizabeth Charming. \"Lizzy!\" \"Janey!\" Lizzy and Jane both squealed the same time they saw each other. They engulfed each other in tight hugs and exchanged endearing sentiments of how much they missed each other. Cath, Emma and Henry all looked on as they watched the two women catch up and burst into fits of laughter. Henry and Emma politely smiled as they watched two friends see each other again, but Cath let her impatience and curiosity take over as her eyes roamed around and studied the room. Watching a lot of period dramas during breaks and days off, it looked exactly like any room you'd expect to find in the Regency era: plates displayed everywhere, a grandfather clock, floral-patterned chairs, paintings hung on walls to name a few things. She didn't know whether to find it interesting, or somewhat creepy that people who aren't making movies actually decorate their houses like this in real life. But then again, this wasn't technically a house someone actually lived in. It was only for show, and she'd rather think about that than imagine a person actually spending a ton of money just to decorate their house like this. \"Oh my goodness, where are my manners?\" Jane suddenly says, breaking Cath's gaze away from the doll collection across the room. \"You remember Mr. Nobley.\" \"Oh, Mr. Nobley,\" Lizzy sighed. \"Still as handsome as ever.\" \"Oh, thank you, Ms. Charming,\" Henry smiled somewhat timidly as he moved to give Lizzy a hug. \"Do I have something in my eye?\" Lizzy suddenly joked, lifting back one of her eyelids. Jane, remembering that faithful day when Lizzy shoved Henry's face right into her bosom, suddenly burst out laughing as Henry's face started to turn red. Not even sure what was going on, Emma and Cath just smiled at the bashful man standing before them, a sight they rarely saw. If Ms. Charming was going to be with them the whole time, then maybe this trip won't be as bad as Cath anticipated. \"Ha, funny,\" he mumbled, slipping behind Cath and Emma as he tried to hide his mortified face. \"Lizzy, this is Cath and Emma, Jane's cousins.\" Shoved forward, Cath and Emma smiled their biggest smiles, as Ms. Charming turned to them with so much delight they thought she was about to explode. \"Oh my goodness, aren't they just the most beautiful girls ever!\" Lizzy exclaimed. \"Our hunky servants are going to have a field day with you two!\" \"Ooh, la, la, I think I'm going to have a field day with these servants,\" Emma smirked, earning her a light elbow to the back from Henry. Cath, as expected, cringed at her sister's embarrassing words and covered her face with her hands to hide the cringe that wouldn't leave her face. She knew Henry wanted her to be here to stop her boy-crazy sister from doing something stupid, but it was proving to be rather difficult to even stand the sight of her sister saying or doing something idiotic. \"What's the matter, darling?\" Lizzy asked worriedly. But then she suddenly turned to Emma with a failed attempt to whisper her question. \"Is she a lesbian?\" \"No,\" Cath answered, a little too quickly and defensively. She cleared her throat and composed herself calmly as everyone waited for her to speak. \"I just…didn't come here to flirt with anyone.\" Silence suddenly overtook the room, making Cath feel a little too…pathetic. She should've just laughed awkwardly and went with everything they were saying, damn it. A few, long seconds had past, and Cath was just begging for anyone to say something. Awkward laugh over awkward silence! Always remember that, Catherine! Cath thought as she tightened her cardigan and crossed her arms over her chest. Suddenly, thank God , Lizzy leaned over to Jane, and failed yet again to understand the concept of whispering. \"Is this the old maid you were talking about?\" \"Yeah, why don't we just start over because this is getting a little awkward,\" Jane suggested as her voice started to trail off to a higher pitch. \"Lizzy, these are my cousins, Emma and Cath!\" \"Pleasure to meet you both!\" Lizzy greeted, awkwardly (which was natural in her perspective), kissing both of Emma's cheeks before moving over to Cath. \"No, the pleasure is all ours,\" Emma smiled sincerely, on her part. Cath just tried her best to make sure she didn't look like Bill Haverchuck from Freaks and Geeks . \"Okay, well, I have to attend to the servants and get them ready for your stay here in Austenland. Mrs. Travers will help you get settled,\" Lizzy announced as she started for the door. \"Toodaloo, see you for tea at two!\" Shutting the door behind her, Emma finally burst out laughing and collapsed on the couch beside her. \"Wow, oh man, she is a gem, isn't she, Cath?\" \"Shut up,\" Cath retorted, taking a seat on a cushioned chair on the opposite end of the room. Remembering the plate of cookies that seduced her to this very room, she reached for two over at the desk in the middle of the room and plopped back down on her seat. \"Cookies are the only thing good in my life,\" she said with a shake of her head. She took a huge bite of the first one, a mock frown forming on her face. \"I love it, it loves me.\" \"Cath, don't be dramatic,\" Jane laughed. \"If you ask me, I think it went well.\" \"Are you serious?\" \"Yeah, I agree,\" Henry butted in. \"At least this time, you didn't go on an hour-long rant about how terrible the world is and why you don't want to date.\" \"Ha ha. Very funny,\" Cath deadpanned as she shoved the rest of the cookie in her mouth. Not long after that, all four of them launched into mindless conversations as they waited for Mrs. Travers to arrive. They hadn't even noticed she disappeared when they entered the room. They just hoped she would appear soon, because dealing with a cranky Emma whining about what was taking her so long wasn't really on their to-do list for the trip. After five grueling minutes of shared enthusiasm between Jane and Emma, Cath (and secretly Henry as well) sighed in relief as Mrs. Travers walked through the door with a couple of booklets in her hand. \"I am quite sorry for the delay. I was just receiving last minute instructions from Miss Charming before I lead you to your costume fittings,\" Mrs. Travers rambled on as she took a seat behind the desk. \"Oh, it's not problem at all,\" Jane spoke for everyone as they positioned themselves across the table. \"Anywho, I'm sure you are both familiar with the inner workings Austenland, correct?\" Mrs. Travers asked, looking both at Jane and Henry. They nodded in response, prompting her to smile broadly. \"Perfect. We will be giving Catherine and Emma all of the lessons, as usual, but having somebody to remind them of the rules and the proper etiquette inside the manor would certainly be helpful.\" \"Don't worry. We'll keep them both in line,\" Henry assured her, but deep down he knew neither of them would even keep to the schedule they probably had prepared for them. \"Wonderful,\" she smiled. \"Now, as a gift to her friends, Miss Charming has provided you with the Platinum Elite package, so you may experience the full Jane Austen experience.\" Great , Cath thought. \"However, just to remind you again, all guests are expected to maintain appropriate manners and conversation, and to eschew all things modern. Any flagrant disobedience will result in the early termination of your stay.\" \"Wow,\" Jane suddenly blurted. \"I didn't think Lizzy would keep that rule.\" She recalled her little mishap with her cellphone the last time she was there, and had been silently thanking Henry for coming to her rescue every single day ever since. \"This is to keep the authenticity of your experience, Ms. Hayes,\" Mrs. Travers responded in a polite manner. \"Also, Miss Charming has now given her guests the opportunity to change surnames to whichever they please. This is not required, but highly encouraged, to keep the anonymity of your real identity. Immediately, Emma's eyes lit up like a Christmas tree. This was her moment to live in her favorite era—her favorite book even. If she was going to enjoy her stay here in Austenland, she needed the perfect last name to start her vacation off the right way. \"Hmmm, do you, by any chance, have any actors that go by the name George, or Knightley?\" Mrs. Travers beamed at Emma's request. \"We do not have a George, but we have a Thomas Knightly, an army general who had just returned from the First Opium War.\" \"The First Opium War? The one that started in 1839?\" Cath asked in confusion. \"I thought Jane Austen died in 1817?\" Henry surged with pride for a brief moment—he'd always forget just how intelligent Cath was underneath all that hostility—but judging by the poor woman's perplexed expression, Cath was imposing her intelligence on the wrong person. \"Why does that matter? It's only a character description,\" Emma snapped. \"Well, if authenticity is what they're aiming for, I think researching on important historical events during Jane Austen's time would be a good start—\" \"Let's just say it was the Napoleonic Wars in 1813 , hmm?\" Henry mediated with an overly joyous tone in his voice. If there's one thing they didn't need right now, it was Emma and Cath engaging in a screaming match, especially not in front of a 60-year-old woman. \"Fine,\" Cath retorted, with an eye roll from Emma. \"Sorry for that,\" Jane said. \"I'll keep Erstwhile as my surname.\" \"Really?\" Henry smiled at his fiancé. \"I thought it would be nice to keep our names,\" Jane beamed. \"It could be like a sequel to our Austenland story.\" Henry's ghost of a smile got even bigger as Jane reached for his hand. Even if visiting Austenland again was never on his bucket list, he was reminded time and time again why he would never regret spending that one week following his insufferable aunt's humiliating orders while falling in love with the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. While sharing an intimate moment, Emma melted into a puddle of happiness for her cousin, as well as excitement for a hopeful chance at finding love at Austenland, too. Even Cath was really happy for them. She was just more subtle as showing it. She wasn't going to lie, she wished she had someone to share this moment with, like her cousin, but she knew there was only one person she could think of to spend this week with, and that person wasn't around—will never be around for this moment. She didn't want to take this moment away from Jane and Henry, so she just smiled and patiently waited for anyone to say something so as to not make her sound like a bitter drag. Mrs. Travers, also grinning from ear-to-ear, pulled out a quill—astonishing Cath, by the way—and filled out a form, \"Alright. Miss Jane Erstwhile it is.\" \"Is she actually using a quill? To write?\" Cath whispered to Henry, but still keeping her eyes on the large black feather the old woman was using. She was starting to admire their dedication and devotion to keeping the authenticity of the era, even if she still found all of this extremely weird. Ooh, I wonder if I'll have to use a quill to write , Cath though. If she was forced to play along, might as well match their dedication. \"And you my dear?\" Mrs. Travers said, turning to Cath. \"Me?\" Cath said in surprise. \"We all have to pick names?\" \"Yes. This will be your pseudonym. Your true identity will remain confidential and it is greatly discouraged to disclose any of your information to the actors and servants,\" Mrs. Travers explained. \"It's all in the pamphlet.\" \"Right,\" Cath said. \"The pamphlet.\" Cath had read the pamphlet a total of four times during the plane ride, and in those four times, she chose to ignore this bit of information. If she chose a name, she felt like she would be accepting everything Austenland was, so she never bothered to even think of any possibilities. \"Can't Emma and I share a name? We are sisters after all, so it would be logical if we shared the same surname—\" \" No way ,\" Emma objected. \"Cath, I love you, but I'm not sharing the same surname.\" \"Because…?\" Cath raised her eyebrows expectantly. Was her sister seriously throwing her under the bus? \"I want to have my own Regency surname,\" Emma said, \"as a souvenir. No, as my own character here in Austenland.\" As Emma looked into the distance, a faint smile gracing her face as she imagined her own unique identity that would go down in Austenland's history, Cath couldn't do anything but glower at her sister. Was she really making a big deal out of picking a surname? They were only staying for a week! They probably won't even do anything out of the ordinary and follow the intended program. Emma was taking this surname thing way too seriously. But then again, so did she. Damn it , Cath thought. She sighed and rolled her eyes. She shouldn't even be having a hard time thinking of a name. She was a writer for Christ's sake. She had a pool of names she'd go to when creating characters. Why was it all of a sudden dry? \"Fine,\" she finally said. \"I'll be…I don't know, Miss Darling?\" Cath cringed at her lame attempt as Emma and Jane praised her choice rather exaggeratedly. Miss Darling? Why don't I just put on a stupid, pink frilly dress and make dinner for my rich husband? she grimaced. \"How lovely,\" Mrs. Travers smiled as she pulled out another blank form and wrote down her name. \"Miss Darling.\" \"Which she is anything but,\" Henry joked, earning him three different reactions: an amused yet chastising grin, a hearty laugh and a smile trying so hard to mask itself as a glare. \"No, I love you, Catherine, but someone had to make a joke and I needed to be me,\" Henry explained himself while engulfing Cath in a hug. \"If anyone else, I might just castrate them,\" Cath laughed. She couldn't deny the joke though. She was the last person you would call darling. Unless you meant it sarcastically. \"And you, Emma?\" Mrs. Travers turned to the older sister. \"I'm thinking…Ruskin,\" Emma smiled brightly, her eyes staring into the distance and her hands smoothing out a pretend banner at the mention of 'Ruskin'. \"Ruskin?\" Cath said with a crinkle of her nose. However, deep down, she was mentally slapping herself for not thinking of that one. Stuck at this horrid place with a horrid last name to match it. Turning down that camp counselor job is probably the worst mistake of my life , she chastised. \"Ruskin,\" Mrs. Travers enunciated slowly as she scribbled it down. \"Excellent choice, my dear.\" \"Thank you,\" Emma beamed, her back straight and her nose in the air. \"Alright, last names done,\" Jane said excitedly. \"Time for fittings!\" \"Oh, one more thing,\" Mrs. Travers said. \"Another unique feature of Austenland is love and romance. Every visit, each client is assigned with an actor to experience an Austen romance, but under new management, you now have the choice whether or not to be paired up with an actor.\" \"Oh, no romance here,\" Henry piped up immediately at the mention of romance. If there was any policy her aunt should have adopted before she sold the resort, it definitely should have been this one. Now that he felt responsible to protect these girls, he was relieved to know he wouldn't have to be on their heels—on Emma's, actually—and keep an eye on them. \"Hey, that's my choice!\" Emma protested. \"Just because your whole Austenland romance was a mess, doesn't mean you can take that away from me.\" \"Look, Emma, I think opting for some romance is a bad idea,\" Jane intercepted. It really was. She was case-in-point number one. She was just happy—and lucky—Henry did fall in love with her. \"Yes, Jane and I found love, but that didn't stop her from getting her heart broken by an actor—\" \"Whoa, hold on there,\" Jane said with furrowed brows. \"I was not heartbroken. I was humiliated, which is much worse because that meant none of it was real. At all. And I don't want that to happen to you, okay?\" \"But—\" \"I just don't want you getting attached to some guy that's just doing his job,\" Jane continued. \"If you're meant to find love here, then you will, but it'll be much easier to find out if it's real or not when you know, at the back of your mind, this guy is not meant to act like he's in love with you.\" Emma still looked determined, and Cath was not at all happy about this. She had to agree with Jane. Emma was a hopeless romantic, and a stubborn one at that. She just loves the feeling of being in love too much, without even thinking of the repercussions. Cath had only been with one guy all her life, but she wasn't that blind. Not all romances ended with a happy ending. If Emma chose to be paired up, she was afraid hers would be on of them. After a few grueling minutes of silence, Emma's sigh of defeat broke the tension and she turned to Mrs. Travers with a downcast look. \"No romance for my stay.\" Cath tried to hide her sigh as she opened her mouth. \"Me too.\" \"Alrighty, then,\" Mrs. Travers took note, whose expression suddenly going from eager to disappointed. With their paperwork done and filed away, waiting to be reopened at the end of the week, they all filed out one by one, with Cath hurrying out first, followed by Jane and Henry, and an indifferent Emma at the end of the line. Hope you enjoyed that! I promise, the next chapter will be them actually being in the big house so I hope I get to writing it soon amidst the stupid break homework. I honestly hate professors who give homework durin s. So incredibly annoying :/ Anywho, reviews would be nice! I'd love to know what you thought of this chapter and what you are hoping to see! Thanks for reading! :-)[Chapter 4] Hello! It's been almost two years since I've updated this, wow! I was going through my files when I found my old fanfics still in here. Because I was trying to get back into the groove of writing, I thought might as well continue this. I hope you enjoy this new update! It's really been a while, and don't worry, there's another one right after this. If I still have dedicated readers out there, I think you deserve that! \"Suck it in, my dear! Suck…it… in !\" Cath had always considered herself to be a history enthusiast. It had always been one of her favorite subjects in school, whether it was middle school, high school or college. There was a point in her academic career when her library card had been tattered from overuse, and the reason behind this was she would hoard mounds and mounds of history books in her room. She didn't care if she was always overdue; she just needed to read them all. Western history, in particular, was her favorite, and she had impressed Henry last semester when her grade was just two points shy away from a hundred. History wasn't particularly a great passion, but she loved it. She loved it so much it was the only thing keeping her from going insane as of this moment. She thought her love for history would overcome her misery and make this trip bearable. Unfortunately, love did know some bounds, and this was one of them. \"Are—ugh—corsets really necessary?\" Cath grunted as her grip on a nearby chair tightened. She let out one more animalistic groan as she felt like her abdomen was being crushed by the strongest person alive and turned to Jane. She was sitting in front of a woman who was fixing her hair into an updo. \"You of all people should know it's necessary,\" Jane quipped while stifling a grin. \"I thought I'd love the idea of stepping into history but—\" Yet, another groan. \"—if I have to go through this every single day for the next seven days, I'd rather be that fat slob with no manners.\" \"C'mon, Cath. You'll eventually get used to it,\" Jane assured her, but even she couldn't believe her words. The last time she was here, she had to wear it for two weeks and even then, she never got used to it. She was just lucky it'll only last for a week this time. \"I doubt it,\" Cath sighed, rather cautiously. \"My goodness! For such a petite woman, you sure have a lot of weight packed right in there,\" Mrs. Travers chuckled with a pat to Cath's stomach. \"I'm done?\" Cath asked, slowly standing straight and looking around to check if anyone was still pulling on the strings. \"Yes,\" Mrs. Travers smiled, but not without whispering a faint, \"Finally.\" \"It doesn't feel like I'm done,\" Cath peeped as she ran a hand down her stomach and desperately tried to let out a comfortable breath. \"Don't worry, darling. You'll get used to breathing in it,\" Mrs. Travers chirped. She walked over to a rack full of dresses just as Emma had emerged from a room divider with her corset already tied up. \"What the—when the hell did you put a corset on?\" Cath asked in astonishment, but mainly confusion. \"Just a minute ago,\" Emma answered nonchalantly. \"I thought it would be painful, but it actually wasn't that bad.\" Jesus Christ, she was literally made for this era , Cath scowled. Despite knowing Emma was going to love this place, a small part of her still wanted her to share her pain, even if it was just about the horrible corsets. But nope. Cath was all alone in her pursuit of sympathy, enough to convince Jane and Henry to let her go home much earlier than intended. \"Carnation or magenta?\" In her sudden lapse of despair, she hadn't noticed Mrs. Travers holding up a couple of dresses for her to try on. The sound of her voice snapped her back to reality and Cath immediately turned to the old lady, only to shove her face in a curtain of ruffles. \"Oh! Um, I don't know…do you have anything that's not pink? Or doesn't have ruffles?\" \"Oh, no, no!\" Emma and Jane suddenly interjected. \"God,\" Cath groaned, her voice barely above a whisper. She may have been clueless about 1800's fashion—she was more of a significant-events-type of gal when it came to history—but she had grown a great distrust in her sister and cousin dressing her up. Whatever they would pick out would be the complete opposite of what she usually wore. She had to admit, there were times when she actually loved what they had put together for her, but she couldn't shake off the discomfort she always felt five minutes after leaving her house. \"Pink is perfect for you!\" Emma continued. \"In fact…\" Her sister waltzed over to the dress rack and pushed a line of dresses aside to inspect a pink dress. It was a darkish pink number, with the first layer of the skirt pinned in the middle, right under a white sash nestled on the bottom of the breast, to create a curtained opening in the front that revealed the lighter pink second layer of the skirt. \"Lavender pink,\" Emma said. It had always amused Cath how her sister memorized almost every color in the world. But then again, she was a fine arts major. \"I think this would look great on you,\" Emma smiled, pulling it out of the rack and walking over to Cath. She held it up against her sister and imagined how it would look if she put it on. \"I totally agree with you, Emma,\" Jane butted in after finishing up with her updo. She walked over to them and spread out the skirt a little to see how it looked on Cath. \"Ugh, the men are going to love you in these.\" Cath grimaced at that comment. That was the last thing she wanted, to get a man's attention. She actually hoped there weren't going to be any men at the house, but knowing how boy crazy her companions were, she doubted the absence of men in their stay. \"Uh-uh. No men,\" Cath declared, making an 'x' with her index fingers. \"Only here because you guys forced me. I'm not here to attract men. Different dress.\" \"C'mon, Cath! At least try it on!\" Emma insisted. \"Besides, it doesn't matter what you wear. You're gorgeous . You could wear a burlap sack and all the guys would still flock towards you.\" \"I'm finding it hard to take that as a compliment,\" Cath cringed. Definitely not what she wanted to hear. \"I don't know what to tell you, Catherine,\" Emma went on. \"I mean, even right now, only in undergarments, you look like you've been living in the 1800's all your life. It's like watching a BBC adaptation of any Jane Austen novel. You the prettiest leading lady I've ever seen. You are definitely going to score a Mr. Darcy by the end of the week—\" \"Emma, I think that's enough,\" Jane cut it in, taking the dress from Emma and removing it from the hanger. As Jane helped Cath into the dress, the youngest Hayes woman stared into the distance in a daze, already imagining the numerous smirks she would be getting in the house. It's not that she thought she was the most beautiful woman in the world—in fact, she would be afraid if she was the most beautiful woman in the world. Cath was never much of an attention seeker, and the only people she hated getting attention from were men. Men who were interested in her, to be specific. She had seen that look, time and time again, of men's faces going blank, and then, all of a sudden, the corners of their lips turning up into a smile, in an attempt to hold her gaze that rarely even lasts for a second. They may be in the Regency era, but she didn't know how men reacted to seeing a pretty lady. Because men were such entitled dickheads, even back in the day, she would expect them to have that cocky smile on their faces—the type of smile that haunted Cath every time she thought about going out with her sister or her friends. She never wanted to be that girl that assumed every guy was into her, but the number of guys that have given her that look has given her a reason to assume that once she steps into that house—a house full of guys paid to adore her—she will just be traumatized. Forever. \"I can't do this.\" As Jane finishes getting Cath's arms through the puffed sleeves, her own arms fall to her sides in a frustration. \"See, Emma? Look what you did.\" \"I was just kidding!\" Emma exclaimed with her arms raised defensively. \"I didn't know she would take it that seriously.\" \"But Emma's right,\" Cath gasped. \"What if a guy suddenly starts winking at me and thinks it's okay to flirt with me? What if they all do it? Jane, you know how I hate guys flirting with me, let alone just the idea of it!\" \"Cath, relax!\" Jane gently takes her face in her hands and tries to soothe her with gentle strokes on her cheek. \"You did not ask for romance, and you will not get any romance. These guys will not even think about winking at you, and if one of them does, we'll get Henry to tackle them to the ground and apologize like a true gentleman. Does that sound good to you?\" By the mention of Henry, Cath finally snaps out of her sudden panic attack and snickers. \"Henry tackle a guy? He could barely catch his own keys when you throw it at him. I doubt he even knows how to tackle a person.\" \"There she is,\" Jane smiled. \"Gosh, you need to stop overreacting.\" \"Sorry. Zero tolerance for men interested in me,\" Cath said sheepishly. \"I thought I knew what to do when one them tries to make a move, but after that one guy in the park, I thought it would just be best if I avoided them. At all cost.\" \"Don't worry, my dear. Actors will not show interest unless you explicitly ask for a romantic relationship,\" Mrs. Travers assured her, finally stepping into the conversation. \"They will be expected to act like gentleman, as per usual, but they will keep their distance.\" Happy to know this, Cath sits down and lets out an audible sigh of relief. \"Thank you so much, Mrs. Travers.\" \"No problem, Ms. Darling,\" Mrs. Travers replied. \"Now, don't you want to see how you look in that dress?\" \"Oh, right!\" Cath shoots up from the chair, which proved to be a mistake thanks to the corset, and turns to the mirror with high hopes that she'll actually like what she's wearing. Well… \"I literally look like a 19th century Barbie doll that ate a huge dinner at a banquet and decided to stick a finger down her throat to puke all over herself.\" \"Time for your hair, deary!\" Finally, after 30 grueling minutes of getting her hair pulled and twisted in 80 different ways, they were all commanded to surrender their carry-ons, with all modern contraptions inside (with the exception of any medicine—all three of them considering their notebooks and sketchpads falling under this category) and head downstairs to the drawing room, where they will have their etiquette lessons. Once there, they were greeted by Henry, all decked out in his breeches and tailcoat. For Jane, it was a nice trip down memory lane, and she had to admit, she still found him extremely sexy in his Regency garb. Cath and Emma, on the other hand, were just having a field day with his outfit. It wasn't that he looked terrible in it. It was just that he still looked like an uptight killjoy, whatever he wore. After a series of jokes, lasting for five minutes, all made by Cath and Emma, they began their etiquette and dance lessons. Now, Cath never considered herself to be a graceful person, and how she passed the etiquette lessons, she'll never know, but by the time they were being taught how to dance, everything just went downhill for her. If she had it her way, she would've just sat in a corner and snickered every time someone tripped, fell or stepped on someone else. Unfortunately, she was doing the tripping and falling and stepping on someone else. Not even the fact that Henry was her partner made her even less embarrassed. She just hoped she didn't have to dance in the ball at the end of the week, because God knows she won't be able to remember any of the steps. Two hours later—two miserable hours, by the way—their luggage had been packed and their carriage was ready to take them up to the manor. \"Are they really going to take us to the manor in the dark?\" Cath questioned, watching Henry help Emma into the carriage. She checked her smuggled watch (knowing she was an hour closer to home was enough to calm her down), and sighed at the hands pointing at 7:30 pm. \"What if we run into something? Or worse, what if we get hijacked!\" \"We are not going to get hijacked,\" Henry laughed. \"They wouldn't let us travel at this time if it wasn't safe.\" \"How would you know? You've only travelled in daylight,\" Cath argued back. \"Stop being paranoid, Catherine, and get in the carriage,\" Henry jokingly commanded. After helping Jane in, he held his hand out for Cath to take, and after a few hesitant moments, Cath took his hand and climbed up the steps. Henry followed in after her, and in a few short minutes, the carriage was moving along bumpy roads towards Austenland. \"Huh.\" Jane scoffed, as she looked out the window. \"' I'm afraid this carriage only takes two passengers .' Two passengers my ass.\" Henry suddenly let out a hearty laugh as he remembered her recounting this story to him. \"It's been more than a year, darling. I do hope you don't have a personal vendetta against my aunt, no matter how annoying she is.\" \"I'm just saying, why make a basic copper package if you're only going to treat your guests like crap!\" Henry let out another laugh and reached for Jane's hand, kissing it affectionately and looking at his bride-to-be. \"Man!\" Emma exclaimed, fanning herself rigorously. \"Is it hot in here or what? How long is the carriage ride?\" \"Oh, honey,\" Jane chuckled. \"This might take awhile.\" And a while it was, indeed. A suddenly jolt brought Cath back to life as the carriage pulled up at the manor. When she fell asleep during the trip, she didn't know, but she was just glad they were finally getting out and given the chance to stretch. One by one, they filed outside, with Henry first, offering a hand to Jane, then Cath and then Emma. At the entrance of the surprisingly large, yellow manor, an array of lanterns lit up the front steps, which were lined up with servants and maids to welcome them with warm smiles. \"We're finally here!\" Emma clapped excitedly, leaving her companions behind and walking up the steps. Not without eyeing the servants, of course. \"Jesus, Emma, some class would be nice,\" Cath said, rolling her eyes. \"Your sass and negativity will not ruin my trip,\" Emma declared, reaching the top step just as Miss Charming emerged from the opened double doors. \"Welcome, friends!\" she greeted, stretching an arm out and curtsying rather awkwardly. \"Oh, Miss Charming!\" Emma smiled, getting into character. \"How lovely to see you again!\" She bowed before their host, causing Cath to involuntarily roll her eyes again. On the plane, back at the stop over, in the carriage ride, Cath had thought she would love the place once she set foot on it. Despite her predispositions, she didn't want to be that person, claiming to hate something she'd never tried before. But now that she was here, finally getting to know what it feels like to live in the Regency era, she had definitely made her conclusion: she hated the place. She wasn't an actress. She was incapable of pretending to be somebody else. She couldn't even make it up the steps without stepping on her dress. Again, Henry was there to save her from the embarrassment of tripping and falling forward. In conclusion, I love history, but I hate living in it, Cath mused as she scowled at the servants smirking at her, just as she feared. She tried her best to shield them away from her vision, all the while thinking Austenland's application forms should have 'additional instructions' at the bottom so she could get rid of these servants. \"You nervous?\" Henry whispered to her, stealing a quick sideways glance before looking straight ahead. \"More on the lines of impatiently-waiting-to-get-out-of-here,\" Cath answered. Henry smiled. \"Don't worry. You'll learn to love it like I did.\" \"Okay, one day, we're going to have a serious talk on whether or not you like this place, okay?\" Cath quipped. \"You know, I might actually need that talk,\" Henry agreed. As they reached the last step, Miss Charming welcomed them with open arms, surprising Cath with a tight hug. \"I thought I was supposed to curtsy,\" Cath grunted. She patted Miss Charming on the back, which was her only way of returning the hug, and waited until she was freed from her death grip. \"Screw that, I'm just so happy to meet you girls,\" Miss Charming said. \"Um…thanks?\" After what seemed like an hour, she had finally released Cath, but kept her in place and placed both hands on her arms. \"I know we got off on the wrong foot, but I think you're going to love it here,\" Miss Charming assured her. \"Dear God, I hope so,\" Cath answered with desperation. Miss Charming gave her arm a pat before moving on to Jane and Henry. They exchanged a few pleasantries, quite animatedly, before Miss Charming led them all to their rooms. Jane and Henry were shown to theirs first, a classy master bedroom that did not at all look like that tacky, orange bedroom Miss Charming stayed in the last time they were there. Next was Emma, who was two doors down from them, and surprisingly scored the orange bedroom. It was so heavily decorated, Cath thought she would die of claustrophobia. Luckily, in the one next to Emma's, it was a modest, light blue room perfect for Cath. It had a double with a canopy. At the far end of the room, there was window seat next to a bay window, which she had already deemed as her favorite writing spot. She was surprised to see a fireplace across the bed, and in front of that was a chaise lounge. That was all there was aside from a closet and a vanity table. \"Wow, Miss Charming, this room is just…incredible,\" Cath said breathlessly, slowly walking in and taking a seat in front of the fire place. \"I'm glad you like it,\" Miss Charming smiled. \"Jane said you liked to write, so I thought this room would fit you.\" \"Thank you so much,\" Cath beamed. \"I'm starting to like this place already.\" \"Oh, goody! Well, you should start getting settled. The boys are waiting downstairs,\" Miss Charming informed her. \"I'll talk you up to Mr. Darcy!\" \"Miss Charming, I—\" \"Be at the drawing room at 8:15! Cheerio!\" \"Did not ask for romance,\" Cath finished. \"Great. Just great .\" Collapsing on the lounge, Cath buried her head under the pillows and let out the loudest scream she could muster. She really did want to fall in love with this place—she was a sucker for flowers and pastel colors—but having people pushing her towards romance left and right wasn't going to help. Now that Emma's in full character and she didn't want to keep stealing Henry from Jane just to get through the day, this room was her only refuge, and she was determined to keep herself from the outside world until the end of the week.[Chapter 5] After unpacking her things and settling in, she took deep, deep breaths before stepping out and heading to the drawing room. Luckily, a maid was there to guide her. She would've definitely gotten lost after descending the stairs. As the faint sounds of talking grew louder and louder, Cath's heartbeat quickened. Did she have to introduce herself once she walked? Was she supposed to curtsy right away? Will people even pay attention to her once she walked in? Goddamnit, I should've come here with Emma. \"Catherine?\" Cath turned around, relieved to know her prayers had been answered. She hadn't realized how annoying Regency Emma would be, but it was better than not having her beside her at the moment. \"Do you really have to call me Catherine?\" she asked Emma, who approached her along with Henry and Jane. \"Of course. We're in the Regency Era now. I doubt they had nicknames,\" Emma reasoned. \"She's right, Catherine,\" Jane grinned. \"Are you ready to meet the other guests?\" \"Will it matter if I wasn't?\" \"Probably not.\" \"C'mon, ladies,\" Henry prodded. \"It's show time.\" He knocked on the large, wooden door, and without even giving Cath a moment to compose herself, it swung open. They walked into the bright yellow room, the noisy chatter ceasing as they entered. \"Ah, they're here,\" Miss Charming smiled, getting up from her seat and walking over to her guests. \"May I present my dear friends, Mister Henry Nobely, the nephew of former owner, Mrs. Wattlesbrooke and Miss Jane Erstwhile, heiress of the vast Erstwhile fortune.\" Upon hearing her introduction, Jane turned to Lizzy, quick enough to catch her wink. From an orphan of no fortune to a lady with a vast one, knowing the host of the house definitely had its benefits. \"These are Miss Erstwhile's companions, Miss Emma Ruskin, the daughter of the Earl of Suffolk,\" Miss Charming announced—actually, tried to read from her white cotton gloves, but it made Emma smile nonetheless. She didn't know titles were being given to them, but she was glad to know she was born into a noble family. \"And Miss Catherine Darling, relative of the great writer, Ann…Radcliffe!\" Cath had always been terrible at hiding her emotions, so imagine the shocked look on her face when she learned of her background. Relative of Ann Radcliffe ? She couldn't believe how outrageous her introduction was compared to her companions. What if they asked her about her novels? She'd never read any of them! \"Ann Radcliffe?\" one of the guests said, though she wasn't able to catch who it was. \"I have never heard of this…supposedly great writer!\" \"Oh,\" Cath uttered. Of course, not. None of you know any other 18 th century female writer aside from Jane Austen. \"Um, she's a Gothic novelist—a pioneer, actually.\" \"Gothic novels?\" the same person asked, who she now identified as the gentleman in a general's uniform. This must be that Knightly guy. \"Yes,\" she responded, only to cringe for a brief second when she realized she had been talking in an English accent. She cleared her throat and tried to find her original voice again. \" Yes . If you haven't heard of her, then surely you've heard of her novels, The Mysteries of Udolpho and The Italian. \" \"Ah, yes!\" another gentleman added into the conversation. \" The Mysteries of Udolpho . I hadn't known a woman had written it.\" Cath wanted to roll her eyes at that, but mumbled instead. \"Of course not.\" \"Oh, where are my manners?\" Miss Charming exclaimed. \"I would like you all to meet my other guests.\" \"Ah, of course!\" the general stated—a very young general. He stood up and made his way to them, placing his drink on a nearby table on the way. \"Ladies, and Nobley, this is General Thomas Knightly, the son of the Earl of Essex.\" \"It is such a pleasure to meet such beautiful, charming ladies such as yourself,\" he bowed, taking Cath's hand first for a chaste kiss, much to her dismay, and then Emma's, who was definitely smitten within the span of three seconds. \"It is a pleasure in deed, General Knightly,\" Henry stepped in, pushing Emma back as he bowed, his fierce eyes never leaving the general's. Emma gasped at this, but upon seeing General Knightly's concerned gaze on her, she composed herself and made sure to stand tall, as if nothing unusual had happened. \"Now, this is Alexander Stark, a music prodigy and the son of a wealthy captain.\" The gentleman who had mentioned The Mysteries of Udolpho stood with a smile and bowed at them all. \"A pleasure to meet you all.\" They all returned his bow—Cath just hoped he wasn't those ignorant sexists who you want to hate but can't because they're so kind—and turned to the remaining guests who hadn't been introduced yet. \"Of course, Mr. William Hurst, the heir of the Hurst Estate and the son of a wealthy gentleman.\" Unlike the first two, Mr. Hurst only stood and bowed his head with such grace and indifference. For Jane and Henry, both had to smile a little bit at the recollection of their first meeting. It was uncanny how this man resembled Henry without having to even look like him. For Emma and Cath, he reminded them both of Mr. Darcy, and this resemblance went both ways: Emma had hoped this was Cath's Mr. Darcy, despite their situation, and Cath, who didn't want to jump to conclusions but had to, thought he was the most pompous douchebag—Regency Era or not. \"And lastly, our esteemed guest, Lady Olivia Turner.\" \"How wonderful!\" A blonde woman sprang up from her seat and sashayed toward them. In what Cath thought was the most terrible English accent she'd ever heard, she curtsied in front of them and smiled. \"I've been so lonely here without other young women to entertain me.\" \"Oh, God, not another one…\" Jane whispered in the back, causing Henry to chuckle lowly. Olivia turned to Jane with a confused expression. \"Pardon?\" Jane's eyes suddenly widened in embarrassment, her mouth stretching into an awkward smile. \"I'm sorry, it's just…I knew a woman just like you when I stayed in Austenland for the first time.\" \"Oh! How wonderful. Was she lovely?\" Cath wanted to desperately burst out laughing at the mere sight of Olivia's innocent face. She quickly hid her face behind a dainty fan she had brought with her before leaving her room. She bit down on her lip, remembering that one faithful day she got to meet Amelia Heartwright. Jane had dropped by their apartment to spend the day with them, which included going to the supermarket for some groceries. They were spotted by this young, blonde woman pushing around an old man in a wheel chair. Suffice it to say, it was the most awkward encounter Cath had experienced. Amelia—she wasn't able to catch her real name—talked a mile a minute about their time at Austenland, and whenever Cath or Jane tried to say something, she would just talk over them. To add to that, she completely ignored her husband, who was visibly irritated by the rudeness of his wife. Seeing Olivia's big, round, blue eyes and bleach blonde hair, she wondered if she was also an American masquerading as a cliché version of an English person. She hoped to God she was, because that accent was like nails on a chalkboard. \"Yes,\" Jane nodded awkwardly. \"Very.\" Olivia smiled widely. \"I'm delighted. And it's an honor to meet you, Ms. Erstwhile.\" \"Suck up,\" Emma mouthed to Cath as Jane and Henry attended to an obvious fan of their love story. Cath rolled her eyes in agreement and turned to the men standing up. Mr. Knightly, with no attempt to hide his desire whatsoever, walked over to Emma with an excitement unlike anything she's ever seen before. It made her mood drop immediately. She watched Emma's eyes light up as Thomas offered his arm and escorted her to the couch. Emma wasted no time to sit beside her knight in shining armor, leaving Cath all alone to fend for herself. Cath had to admit, she wanted to run off and sulk at the thought of not being able to get along with anyone. If Emma's going to be too distracted by brown eyes and a chiseled jawline, Cath might as well sneak off and kill her time productively with writing. There was no way in hell she and Lady Heartwright 2.0 would become BFFs. Not even if Cath was desperate. Fortunately for her, she didn't have to be the one to put herself out there, because Mr. Udolpho was making his way towards her with an inviting smile on his face. For some reason, Cath felt inclined to accept this invitation—he had such perfect teeth, by the way, who'd be able to resist that? \"Ms. Darling, would you do me the honor of discussing literature with me?\" Cath's mouth just hung open at his request. Guys had never asked her to actually talk about literature with them. Now that someone has, she was both relieved and alarmed to know that intellectuals were her weakness. Plus charismatic English boys with curly brown hair and nice pearly whites. But no. Cath had to stay strong. This wasn't an invitation to flirt. This was an invitation to properly discuss literature with a guy who knew more than John Green novels and Stephen King horrors. Cath dropped the fan from her face and straightened her whole body for composure. Now that she's here, she might as well try to act the part of a descendant of a famous author. She remembered one of her favorite movies of all time, An Education , and decided to channel Carey Mulligan's Jenny Mellor as she moved and spoke. \"I'd be delighted to,\" Cath smiled. For the first time, she was proud of herself for making a guy smile, and if all guys looked like Alexander, then maybe smiling wasn't all that bad. She held onto Alexander's arm as he led her to the couch opposite of where Emma stared in awe as Thomas told her stories of battles and wars. Cath could hear snippets of the story, a story so made up and so cliché that she remembered how bizarre it was to be at Austenland. She shook this feeling off right away as Alexander waited for her to take a seat. She flashed him a grateful smile and tried to remember the proper way to sit on a chair. Really, if she had it her way, her legs would be crossed and her chin would be propped up by her arm resting on her thigh. Unfortunately, she had to keep her back straight and her legs closed. \"Ms. Darling, do tell me more about Ann Radcliffe's books. Is she your aunt?\" And there it was. The dreaded question. \"Oh,\" Cath grinned. She could come clean and say she hadn't read her books, but that wouldn't make her interesting at all. \"My great aunt, actually. Aunt Ann's work is very interesting. My personal favorite is The Romance of the Forest .\" \" The Romance of the Forest ? I've never heard of this novel.\" Alexander seemed like he hung on her every word, and while Cath slowly started to believe his sincerity, she glanced at Jane and Henry and realized everything wasn't real. \"It's her first major success as a novelist. This novel also established her reputation as the first among her era's writers of romance. There is surprisingly little essential difference in characterization, Gothic décor, or plot outline to distinguish this novel from its predecessors. It's superior merit lies in…\" Cath just kept spewing words, one after the other, and while Alexander looked intrigued by her insight, she was just surprised to know she had the capability to memorize long paragraphs from Wikipedia. She remembered copying and pasting it onto her Western Lit paper when she didn't have time to finish it, and she was just lucky she wasn't caught plagiarizing. As she tried to keep her companion entertained with more Wikipedia knowledge and fake Ann Radcliffe stories, Cath's eyes would wander around the study, sneaking a glance at everyone. Emma and Thomas were now visibly moving into flirting. Of course. Henry was currently reliving cringe-worthy moments with Miss Charming. Jane was being smothered by Olivia with so many questions about her and Henry that she was visibly getting annoyed and uncomfortable. Mr. Darcy, who she decided she didn't want to learn the name of, was standing beside Olivia, looking bored and uninterested about everything that was happening around him. As his pensive eyes wandered, they landed directly at Cath. She was embarrassingly caught in the act of staring, but the only thing she could do now was turn back to Alexander and stop herself from looking back at him. She wasn't going to lie to herself. She knew Mr. Darcy caught her. She just hoped he didn't think it meant anything, because it didn't. Her quickening heartbeat and short breaths didn't mean anything at all. \"His father, such a supportive man, actually overstayed his absence just to defend Mozart, making him…\" Alexander was now the one spewing classical music trivia like it was some unknown language only he could understand. Cath wanted to be interested in this stuff, but the more Alexander talked, the less Cath could focus on his words, thus resulting in her criminal moment of staring. \"...and no one knows where Mozart is buried. It's interesting, but at the same time sad, isn't it?\" Cath, staring intently at Alexander's face, forgot to answer or give some sort of reply to his question, and if getting caught staring wasn't bad enough, she didn't even try to hide she wasn't interested in this conversation at all. \"Am I boring you?\" Alexander smiled sheepishly. \"My apologies. I wasn't sure what would entertain you—\" Cath finally snapped out of her daze with wide eyes. \"Oh! No, no! You weren't boring. It's just—\" \"The things I was saying were?\" Alexander joked. \"No, they were very fascinating.\" Cath just hoped that came out sincere. \"I'm just a little tired from traveling and—\" \"Say no more,\" Alexander interrupted. \"I think William will provide us with a much more stimulating conversation.\" Before Cath could even process what was happening, Alexander was hollering over to the bored man desperate to get away from an equally boring conversation. Upon hearing his name, he turned to them on the couch, trying to hide a sigh of relief as he excused himself from Olivia and Jane before heading over to them. With wide eyes and a mouth unable to decide whether it wanted to say something or not, Cath composed herself and thought of possible replies if 'William' were to mention their little incident. As he approached them, Alexander stood and motioned him toward Cath.[Chapter 6] \"William, old chap,\" Alexander said enthusiastically. \"Apparently, I've been boring Ms. Darling with Mozart so I thought your stories and opinions would make for a better conversation.\" \"I see,\" William responded with a small smirk forming on his lips. \"Your knowledge of classical music really is quite boring.\" \"Hilarious,\" Alexander replied sarcastically. Cath smiled politely at their little banter, but she was unable to look away from William's eyes practically boring a hole through her soul. His eyes were intense, so intense that it reminded her of another Mr. Darcy currently engaged to her cousin. If their relationship hadn't flashed before her eyes, she wouldn't have stopped herself from engaging in a staring contest with William. Fortunately, she was able to snap out of it. \"Well, they weren't that boring,\" she said, again trying to sound sincere. She started to stand up and be a little more polite when William placed a hand on her shoulder and gently pushed her back to her seat. \"Please, you don't have to get up,\" William said with an almost solemn look on his face. \"It is a pleasure to meet you, Ms. Darling.\" Not that a kiss on her hand would instantly woo her, but Cath couldn't deny that the sight of William looking up at her as he placed a chaste kiss on her hand was leaving her a little breathless. \"The pleasure's all mine,\" Cath said. Whether she meant it or not, she still had no idea. It was an automatic reply she wished she hadn't made, but she didn't want to seem rude in front of William, even though she's not his biggest fan. \"Is it really?\" William challenged with a toothless grin. \"'A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal.'\" After saying the quote, Cath had realized Oscar Wilde wasn't supposed be born yet, but when she saw a ghost of a smile on William's face to acknowledge the quote, she could feel herself relax in his presence. \"So, you don't like music?\" William joked as he sat down on Cath's right. On her left, Alexander plopped down with an enthusiasm she was going to have to get used to. \"No, I do like music,\" she said, \"but I prefer listening to it, rather than talking about it.\" \"Ah, say no more,\" Alexander said with a big grin. He suddenly jumped out of his seat and walked to the piano on the other side of the room. On her right, she could hear William sigh, \"Oh, no.\" Cath tried to mask her giggle. \"What's wrong?\" \"He gets very arrogant when playing music.\" And Cath couldn't see why he shouldn't be. Whatever piece he was playing, he was phenomenal . Again, Cath was impressed by Austenland's dedication to keep everything authentic. While everyone awed at Alexander playing, William leaned a bit closer into Cath. \"So, you're a fan of Wilde,\" William said. When Cath turned her head, she was surprised their faces were inches away from each other. \"I'm not a huge fan, but I like his work.\" William then drew back. \" Like his work? You sound like a jealous critic.\" When Cath got into debates, they were always heated. She knew this one was about to be. \"Ah, a Wilde fanboy, I see.\" William scoffed. \"Don't tell me, your favorite authors are people like Austen, Plath or Woolf.\" \"And what's wrong with that? They're amazing writers.\" Before William could respond, Cath raised an expectant eyebrow at him. By the tone of his voice, it seemed like he had a vendetta against female writers. If that was the case, Cath wasn't afraid to defend them. Taken aback by her eyebrow raise, William laughed. \"You seriously think they're better than, say, Dickens, Salinger or Tolkien?\" \"And you seriously think you're not sexist right now?\" \"I'm not being sexist. I'm just saying—\" \"Women can't write as great as men?\" \"Well, majority of the best writers are men. I think that says a lot.\" Cath's eyes, unable to take his ignorance, widened with anger. \"The only thing it says is how oppressed women were that the only ones who were allowed to be educated enough to write some of the best novels in the world were born into wealthy, noble families. If women were treated like human beings who had the right to be educated and not treated as adornments or reproductive machines, then maybe the literary world could've reached its fullest potential. But we'll sadly never know some of the greatest stories because they're trapped in the minds of brilliant women who will be married off to cocky idiots and never be educated.\" By the time her rant was over, William was just staring at her, mouth agape. What she didn't know was Alexander had stopped playing and they were now all staring at her. Miss Charming, Alexander, Olivia and Thomas all had confused expressions on their faces. Emma, on the other hand, rolled her eyes at her sister's annoying pretentiousness, while Jane and Henry tried to stop themselves from laughing. \"Well, I apologize if I've insulted you, Miss Darling,\" William said sincerely, but Cath could see the agitation on his face. \"Oh, but don't apologize for insulting him,\" Alexander suddenly interjected, \"because no woman has ever put him in his place.\" William glared at him, and then rolled his eyes. \"If you'll excuse me, Miss Darling, I think Lady Turner needs some company.\" And just like that, Cath was all alone. Not that she minded. She still needed time to process what had happened. Cath was never afraid to admit she was a feminist, hence the rant that just took place. Now she was afraid of everyone else thinking she was out to get everyone. Ugh, get me out of here , she thought as she buried her face in her hands. While everyone else continued on with their chatter, another set of double doors suddenly opened, and a servant steps out while ringing a bell. He announces it was dinnertime, and Cath had forgotten that women are always escorted by men. So when Alexander escorted Miss Charming, Henry escorted Jane, Thomas escorted Emma and William escorted Olivia, Cath had to stay in the back of the line, alone. Jane, having had a similar experience back then, noticed Cath standing alone by herself, and the old Jane Erstwhile in her couldn't handle the sight of her cousin. \"Henry, I think you should escort Cath instead,\" Jane whispered. \"I can't stand seeing her alone.\" Henry, taking a peek of the back, turned to Jane. \"Too close to home, huh?\" \"Hey, I have a fiancé when I get home. She has, well, her books.\" \"Alright,\" Henry laughed. Both of them made their way to the back, and without even opening their mouths, Cath stopped them. \"Oh, please. Don't give me your looks of pity. I don't need an escort. In fact, I'd rather not have one.\" Henry couldn't help himself. \"Are you sure? We don't mind.\" \"Hey, this isn't a pity party, and I'm 19-years-old. I can handle being alone,\" Cath said matter-of-factly. Before Henry and Jane could get another word in, their line starts moving. Why there was even a line, Cath had no clue, but regardless, she thought it was stupid. One by one, each pair walked into the room and each person stood behind a large chair. Cath came in last, of course, and stood behind the remaining chair. Instinctively, she pulled her chair out, but stopping half way when she realized she pulled her chair out the same time all of the men pulled the chairs out for the ladies. She didn't want it to bother her, but it did, much more than she'd like to admit. Yeah, bad things happened to Cath, and she was usually alone, but she never considered herself as a loser. Not until now. She was about to continue all the way when she felt a hand on her shoulder. William still had the same agitated expression on his face. In fact, he kind of reminded her of Professor Snape in the Harry Potter movies. This time though, she saw pity in his eyes, and that agitated Cath. William placed both his hands on the chair to pull it out for her. \"If you don't mind Miss Darling, I'd be happy to—\" \"Oh, would you really?\" she snapped. \"I'm fine.\" She grabbed the chair from William, but underestimating her strength, the chair suddenly slips from her grasp and lands on his foot, eliciting a guttural sound from him. Everyone around the table turns to them in shock. \"Sorry,\" Cath squeaked, her hands still planted on her cheeks. William, still gripping the chair, pulls it out for her. \"No worries.\" Cath just sits down anyway and pulls the chair in while William pushes, and after she's settled in her place, he sits down beside her, surprising Cath. This is going to be a long dinner. Everyone engages in friendly chatter as the servants put plates on the table. Cath just watches each one, listening in on the conversation before deciding to join it. Emma and Thomas are still flirting like crazy, with Henry is trying to separate them while keeping another conversation going. Jane and Miss Charming catch up on their lives, with Alexander actually joining them. Sitting beside them, Cath thought he would've wanted to start a conversation with her, considering his comment from earlier. Instead, she's forced to listen to Olivia blatantly trying to flirt with William, who clearly isn't interested. As a servant places a plate in front of her, all nine standing in between them remove the plate covers to reveal one of Cath's worst nightmares: seafood. One of the servants gives them a rundown of their three-course dinner, starting with the appetizer. Cath didn't really listen to the names of the dishes, but regardless of what they were, seafood was not going to sit well with her. They had a soup appetizer, which Cath could make out as clam chowder. Considering she ate more chowder than clam, she got through the appetizer without a hitch. But of course, she could feel a light mist of sweat on her forehead. \"So, Miss Darling—\" \"Catherine, please,\" Cath interjects, feeling the summer heat in the room. \"Uh, alright, Catherine,\" Alexander smiles, \"Miss Erstwhile tells me you are a writer just like your aunt. Have I read any of your work?\" \"Probably not,\" Cath says with a big breath. \"I'm still studying, but you might've heard this short story I wrote based on Jane—I mean, Miss Erstwhile and Mister Nobley's affair.\" Alexander takes a moment to ponder, but he shakes his head. \"No, I haven't, but now I can't wait to get my hands on it.\" \"It's easy to find if you just type—uh, mention their names when you look,\" Cath smiles at him. Whether he's genuine or not, Cath didn't mind the distraction from the food. She was already dreading the main course, and true enough, when it arrives, she could feel her stomach churning. When they set the plate of salmon in front of her, Cath couldn't help herself. \"Son of a—\" \"Is there something wrong, Miss Darling?\" The soft, deep voice didn't sound like Alexander's, but without the agitation in them, it actually soothed Cath's nerves. \"No, nothing's wrong,\" she says, her eyes trained on her plate. With the way she was poking her food William could sense her discomfort. \"You don't like fish?\" Cath finally turns to him, sweat now visible on her face. \"I'm not particularly crazy about it.\" William offers his napkin, even to wipe the sweat off her face, but she just snatches it from him and starts patting down her face herself. \"Do you want another meal? You don't look very well.\" Cath shakes her head. \"No, it's fine. I just need some water, I'll be fine.\" As Cath chugs down her glass—screw her manners—William asks, \"May I ask why fish makes you ill?\" After dabbing water away from her mouth, she clears her throat. \"I had a little bad fish one time. Let's just say it was traumatizing.\" \"Oh, my God. Is she alright?\" Olivia suddenly butts in. She couldn't care less about Cath, but she was taking away too much of William's attention on her. \"Yes, I'm fine, and if you don't mind, I'm going to eat now,\" Cath snaps. \"I don't think that's such a good idea,\" William says. \"Look, the only thing I've eaten since lunch were a couple of cookies. If we only get to whenever food is served, I'd rather take this chance.\" William, whose calm and concerned demeanor, turns irritated again. \"Fine.\" He focuses on his food again, and leaves Cath alone. Cath, now face-to-face with her nightmare, cuts up a bit of her salmon, and shoves it into her mouth to get it over with. As she chews quickly at first, she doesn't feel the soft texture she's grown to hate. In fact, when she just throw her head back to swallow it just as fast, it's like she's not even eating it. She repeats this several more times, going through a quarter of her meal. However, when she accidentally eats part of the skin, she feels a slimy texture tumbling in her mouth, and whatever contents her stomach had before, were now trying to escape her mouth. At first, she tries to get up to find the bathroom, but due to her weak limbs, she only managed to push it halfway, and in a second, she was spewing her guts out. All over William's shoes. Everyone was just staring at her in horror as retching sounds came from her general direction. William, on the other hand, was so shocked that he couldn't even move. Cath didn't have much to empty; like she said, she had barely eaten since lunch. She thought the worst was over when she stopped. Seeing everyone staring at her again, her mouth dry and her face drained, tears started to form in her eyes. \"Well, this certainly isn't her most darling moment,\" Olivia suddenly quips. Cath turns to her with furrowed eyebrows, but when she catches a glimpse of William's disgusted face, she wipes off her mouth and storms out. Immediately, when she gets to her room, she goes to the bathroom and rinses her mouth out. Soon after, she didn't think twice about packing. She violently opens her wardrobe and starts pulling at each dress and throwing them in. While she was in a fit of rage, she hadn't realized Jane had walked in, and was watching her from the doorway. \"Cath,\" Jane says, to break her out of her rage. Cath looks up from her trunk, but still continues folding and just ignores her. \"Are you seriously just going to leave?\" \"After what I did, I shouldn't even stay the night.\" Unable to think of what to say, Jane sighs and sits on her bed. \"It wasn't that bad, Cath. They didn't know fish made you sick.\" Cath stops packing and sighs. The image of a disgusted William pops into her mind. If she had to face him for the rest of the week, she'd rather leave and actually never come back to England. \"That's not what I'm embarrassed about.\" Jane raises her eyebrow in confusion, but suddenly realizes what had taken place. \"Oh, William? If this'll make you feel any better, William's asking if you're okay.\" \"It doesn't, actually.\" \"Why not? He's pretty cute,\" Jane says, just to get a rise out of Cath. She, in turn, cringes. \"I did puke on the guy, but he's still a sexist douche.\" \"So what? Like Alexander said, you put him in his place.\" \"Yeah, I don't think I want to keep doing that every time he undermines my womanhood.\" Jane moves from the bed to the floor beside Cath and helps her fold her dresses. This surprises Cath, but she just continues packing. \"You know who else embarrassed herself on her first day in Austenland?\" Oh, Cath knew alright. She didn't want to turn out like her cousin, but she was much worse. \"You.\" \"And after days of repeatedly embarrassing myself, I called my best friend and told her I should leave.\" \"But you didn't.\" \"And if I didn't, if I hadn't given this place a chance, I never would've fallen in love with Henry and I never would've lived out my fantasy.\" Jane paused as she looked at Cath, and couldn't help but show her disappointment if she leaves. \"I know you're not after love, but you don't have to find that here in Austenland. I believe there's something here for you, but if you don't give this place a chance, you'll never know what that is.\" \"But what if there isn't, Jane? I'm just not an Austen character, and whatever I need in my life, I don't think I'll find that here.\" What Cath was really looking for was closure, and has been for the past two years. If Jane thought she could find that in a 'romantic getaway', she was definitely mistaken. \"Fine, let's make a deal. Stay one more day, and if you don't like, it you can leave. I'll get you tickets for an earlier flight.\" \"Jane—\" \"Cath, please. If you're not going to do it for yourself, at least do it for me.\" Ugh, Cath hated it when they pull the family card. This place does mean a lot to her cousin, and her future cousin-in-law. Well, actually, that's still debatable, and Cath wouldn't be able to clear that up with Henry if she were to leave… \"Fine, I'll stay.\" \"Yay!\" Jane engulfs her in one of the tightest hugs she'd ever given. \"Okay, now that you're staying, I want you to at least try to get into it.\" \"If Mr. Darcy won't be a jackass, I'll promise to try my best.\" THIS THING WAS SO LONG, I COULDN'T UPLOAD IT ONE, OR TWO. Hello! I hope you missed this story! I know I did. I'm glad I got back into reading and got into writing again. So what did you think? What do you think of William? I really wanna know haha! And if you wanna see Cath and William in more sticky situations, I'm open to suggestions haha! I can't promise I'll update much faster, but I'll definitely try. I only have three fanfics left in my laptop, might as well finish them! And to be honest, I haven't seen Austenland in a long time, so I'm happy this'll give me an excuse to watch my fave rom-com over and over and over again haha. Anyway, hope you enjoyed this, and trust me there's more to come! ","Summary":" Hello fellow Austenland fans, wherever you may be! Alright, the other day I saw FanFiction had an A"},{"Movie":"Camp Takota","Title":"Camp Takota: Three Years Later","Author":"LittleTheorist","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10538835","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hello everyone! Here is my contribution to the Trinity fandom. I would like to take the space here to thank my beta reader from the Tumblr realm awkward-like-grace. I will also be posting this to my Tumblr at werewolf13bites under the tags of #Camp Takota #Camp Takota fanfiction #fanfic #fanfiction #allison henry/OFC if you wanted to follow it there! A few weeks before summer - Chicago, IL Allison was just leaving The Gage when she checked her phone. Maxine had called and left a message. Considering it had been almost a year and a half since they really spoke last from Allison spending a majority of her time in culinary school and Maxine was busy with the camp. Elise had been busy with her book tour and helping Eli out with the farm, but would call from time to time. \" Hey Al, it's Maxine, which you should know, unless you deleted my number, which would make you a total ass. Anyway, call me back; I've got some great news!\" Allison scoffed with a smile on her face. Some people never truly change, and Maxine was definitely evidence of that. Allison went to her contacts list and called Maxine. \"HEY, Allison. Nice to see you realize the phone works both ways,\" Maxine answered in a wry tone. \"Hey Max, sorry, I was busy at work. You see, it's frowned upon when the sous chef decides to take a call during the lunch rush,\" Allison replied sarcastically. \"All right, well what are your plans during the summer? Do you have any more classes you have to take or have you finally graduated? Can you please come back and work this summer?\" \"Nah, I've only got one semester left and this semester I took off to intern at this place called The Gage. Any luck with finding a replacement in the kitchen?\" Allison leisurely paced in front of the restaurant. She wasn't going to lie, she was feeling a little homesick. She liked the city just fine, and it had a pretty nice selection of ladies for dates, but Allison was sorely missing her friends and trees. Hell, even a patch of poison ivy would have been a nice sight. \"Oh yeah, the first summer after you were gone was rough . I had to fire him, but I was able to find someone who is top notch. They'll also be working in the kitchen this summer. Is that okay?\" \"That's perfectly fine. As long as it's cool with them.\" \"Oh, trust me Al, you will be a godsend. Charlie likes to get all fancy with cooking, too.\" Allison grinned, \"Have you talked to Elise at all?\" \"She's moved in with Eli, she visits all the time now that her tour is over, unlike someone .\" \"Oh, come on! I would have if I could have, you know that!\" \"Yeah, I know. I'm just glad we can get the gang back together is all. Penny signed up to come back this summer too, so we can definitely count on Elise coming to be a counselor.\" \"How is our resident author anyway?\" \"She's good. She's dyed her hair brown, I think it's because she thinks it will summon you. We both miss you though, so you better start packing and shit when you get home.\" \"Well, bad luck on her part; I dyed my hair blonde earlier this year. My bag will be ready to go by tomorrow.\" \"Okay, I'll be sure to keep an eye out for you next week. Unless I don't recognize you.\" Allison laughed and hit 'end call' before she slipped her phone in her pocket. She pulled out her car keys and kept walking to the end of the lot where she parked. Camp Takota - Michiana, Michigan Maxine hung up the phone and picked it back up to dial Elise. \"Hello?\" a male answered. \"Hey Eli, where's Elise?\" Maxine asked. \"Right here! I'm right here,\" the phone shuffled on the other line, \"Hey Maxine, what's up?\" \"Allison is coming to work this summer,\" Maxine grinned. \"Oh man, she is going to be so unprepared when Charlie gets there,\" Elise fought back giggles. \"Oh please, I'm sure Charlie won't know what to do or expect either,\" Maxine laughed. Her eyes brightened, \"Wanna make a bet?\" There was a pause at the other end, \"Absolutely, ten bucks and a bottle of vodka: the kitchen will close before the end of the summer.\" \"Yeah, how about fifteen bucks and a bottle of scotch that it won't even happen in the kitchen. It'll be at the lake.\" \"Allison hates swimming though,\" Elise shook her head, \"Whatever, it's a deal.\" \"You better be willing to pay up when it happens.\" \"We have to let it happen on its own. Don't go sending Allison to the lake or any signs of her to go to the lake. Got it? \"What? I can't play a little matchmaker?\" Maxine pouted, \"All right, fine. It'll be a fair bet.\" \"Good because I'm going to win anyway,\" Elise said, \"I'll see you guys next week.\" Maxine pursed her lips and hung up the phone before picking it back up, \"She didn't say anything about talking to Charlie.\" One week later \"Allison!\" Maxine yelled when she saw Allison loaded with bags from her car. \"Max!,\" Allison said and dropped her bags before she was pulled into a hug. \"I see you decided to come in uniform,\" Maxine regarded the Takota staff tee with the sleeves cut off and the green bandana wrapped around Allison's head, \"Nice color, it looks good on you.\" \"Thanks! Well, I didn't want the new guy to feel too out of place. You said his name was Charlie, right?\" Allison crossed her arms. Oh boy. \"Yeah, Charlie.\" Maxine tried hard not to bust out with laughter and went so far as to bite her lip to keep from it. \"Charlie's here?\" Elise asked excitedly as she ran up to Maxine. \"Whoa, you seem more excited to see him than me!\" Allison placed her hand over her heart with an expression of mock hurt. Elise's mouth fell open and she looked to Maxine, who was red in the face and turned away from her friends. \"Of course I'm excited to see you,\" Elise said, bringing her hand up and punching Allison lightly in the arm before hugging her. Allison's expression changed to one of puzzlement and she pushed Elise away, \"Wait a minute, what's wrong? Why are you guys being weird?\" The sound of a motorcycle approaching set Maxine off and she began to laugh uncontrollably: large, bellyaching laughter that caused her to clutch her stomach and bend over. \"We're always weird,\" Elise got out before joining in the laughter. Allison's eyebrows scrunched down and her mouth was pursed in a small 'o' at her friends' behavior. Before she could ask what was going on, the motorcycle pulled up over by Allison's car and the owner gunned the engine before they turned it off, which brought Allison to focus on them. Swinging a leg over the back to dismount, Allison cocked her head to the side before she turned to her friends who leaned on each other for support as they tried to reel back their laughter. \"Am I to guess that this is Charlie?\" Allison asked, jabbing a thumb over her shoulder. Getting a fresh batch of hilarity from the two girls, Allison turned to the apparently hilarious Charlie. \"Hi, I'm Allison, are you this Charlie that these two can't seem to get over?\" Allison held a hand out, \"I'm going to guess you're either a super-hilarious guy or a super-awesome guy, so which is it?\" With one hand to grab Allison's to shake, the other hand went for the helmet and was removed to show reddish-chestnut hair, spiky and everywhere from the helmet on the left side, but the right side was completely shaven up to eye level. Bright blue/grey eyes set over an average nose wrinkled up because of a huge half-grin that quirked up a full pair of lips. Oh, and Charlie was a girl . \"Oh,\" was all that Allison got out. Another round of laughter from her friends behind her was the response. \"Guys, come on, leave her be, it wasn't her fault,\" Charlie said as she tucked her helmet under her arm, \"It's not like you actually introduced me by my full name.\" Her voice was low for a girl, but Allison could only find 'sultry' to be more fitting. \"Which is?\" Allison asked, still shaking her hand. \"Charlotte. I like Charlie though,\" she smiled again and released Allison's hand. Allison noticed the hoop in her right nostril and the hoop in the left side of her lip. \"Yeah, we all like Charlie,\" Maxine recovered enough to walk over and sling an arm around Charlie's shoulders, \"She's really more like our own little camp witch, so she probably put a spell on us to like her.\" Charlie's lips flattened as she gave Maxine a withered look, \"Really, Max? You have to say that when I meet one of your old friends?\" \"You're a witch?\" Allison was incredulous. \"Wiccan,\" Charlie's shoulders shrugged up, \"Maxine introduced me to Sally last year with that line and the woman went from her usual skin tone to me in about three seconds.\" \"I really should've used the vampire line, huh?\" Maxine ruffled Charlie's hair, \"I swear, this girl does not see the sun enough. She's paler than you are Al.\" Charlie took the sleeve of Maxine's shirt in her thumb and forefinger to pull her arm from her shoulders, \"I don't do sunlight, and the sunlight don't do me.\" Charlie opened her arms to receive the hug from Elise, \"Hey Elise. How excited is Penny? How's Eli?\" \"Penny is always excited about camp and Eli is good,\" Elise nodded, \"Well, he's better after you guys set up your little contract.\" Charlie grimaced, \"Yeah, dude, I'm really sorry about that. I seriously didn't think he'd come that close to the camp side. But it was bound to happen.\" Allison rose an eyebrow, \"What happened?\" Charlie pursed her lips and turned her head away, the back of her neck was bright red. \"Charlie likes to swim in the lake on some nights,\" Maxine announced proudly. Allison's eyes widened at Charlie, \"What? Isn't that a little dangerous?\" \"Max has her fiber nuts and Elise has her journal,\" Charlie explained, \"and I…swim when there's enough moonlight. I scared Eli pretty badly one night though, so we made a deal that I would have the lake any night that the moon is bright enough, as well as every full moon.\" There was a pause until Charlie turned to Maxine, \"Did my bags ship in okay?\" \"Yeah, I've already got them in your bunk,\" Maxine said, \"Come on, let's get Allison situated and we can chill a bit for the rest of the day.\" \"Don't we need to set up the mess hall?\" Allison picked up her bags, trying extremely hard not to look at Charlie's body. The fact that she totally missed the front of the girl when she had the helmet on was now even more distracting. If Allison were to guess by sight alone, she would say that the girl was a solid B-cup. Allison shook her head to keep her thoughts from going any further. \"We can do that tomorrow, it'll take less time with two people anyway,\" Maxine said over her shoulder. \"Here,\" Charlie held a hand out and Allison hesitated before she handed Charlie a bag, \"I know you're probably pretty strong for your size, but it's a pretty long walk.\" \"Thanks,\" Allison shifted the other bag on her shoulder as they walked behind Max and Elise, \"So, I take it you like it here?\" \"It's definitely a place I feel home at,\" Charlie smiled, \"It really helps me out spiritually and all that jazz.\" \"How did you and Max meet?\" \"Uh, I was kind of sent in her direction. I, um, came here the first summer and Maxine liked me enough to have me come back.\" Allison's eyebrows creased together at Charlie's answer, but she left it alone for the time being. \"I've heard quite a bit about you,\" Charlie said, and then with a chuckle added, \"You left some really big shoes to fill.\" Allison grinned, \"Yeah, I kinda went a little overboard during my time here. But it seems like you were able to fill them just fine.\" Charlie laughed, \"Maybe with a few tater tots stuffed in the toes.\" \"Hey guys, you going to keep up or are you going to go make out?\" Maxine yelled at them from farther along the trail, \"'Coz we are not going to wait on you if you are going to do the second.\" \"We're coming,\" Charlie yelled back. She paused for a moment before she looked at Allison and waggled her eyebrows. \"Oh my god,\" Maxine laughed, \"You did not just do that! Allison, I would watch out for her, she bites.\" Allison, although taken aback, laughed, \"Wow…looks like I've got competition for dirty talking.\" \"Yeah you do, considering I didn't even really say anything,\" Charlie raised her eyebrows and lightly jogged up the trail. Allison followed suit and they both caught up with Max and Elise. Maxine and Elise made eye contact. Elise nodded slowly and mouthed, \"Yeah. You're going down.\" Maxine only pursed her lips, shaking her head knowingly. She could see Charlie was super attracted to Allison, and Allison wasn't far off the more she got to know Charlie. Plus, she knew Charlie was a romantic poet type. Charlie would try the lake before anything else. All Allison needed to do was to not try anything first. Elise was confident Allison would make the first move, but she knew if Allison were to make the move, it would definitely be in the kitchen. Allison never really liked water or swimming for that matter. Plus, Charlie was the type of person to wait, she would wait for Allison to make the first move. At least, Elise knew that Charlie never liked to go first when they played chess. Elise pursed her lips. Maybe she should have been more specific in her bet.[Chapter 2] A/N: Thanks to my beta Tumblr-ette awkward-like-grace for looking over this. As far as uploading goes, if something were to change in this story I will be sure to make note of it in the next chapter I upload. As always enjoy! Chapter 2 When they got to the counselor's cabin and Allison put her bags in her room, the four got together in the sitting room and Maxine poured them each a glass of scotch. \"So, Allison here has been working at a pub as a chef in Chicago, what do you do on Takota's off time, Charles?\" Maxine asked as she took a seat on the couch next to Elise. Charlie looked over at Maxine from where she sat on the floor in front of the couch, \"You know what I do Max,\" Charlie looked at Allison, \"What pub?\" \"This place called The Gage. It's more of an internship, but they already told me I've got a job when I get my certification,\" Allison took her glass from the coffee table and sat down in an armchair, \"What do you do?\" \"I'm in college. Graduate level; I'm working toward a doctorate in Social Psychology, along with minoring in Sex & Gender Studies,\" Charlie swung her knee back and forth. \"What do you want to do after that?\" Allison asked. She definitely didn't expect the girl in front of her to be in that area. The girl looked more like a Liberal Arts student who was in a punk band part-time. When they first reached the cabin, Charlie had removed her worn leather jacket to reveal a very distressed t-shirt that fit with her ripped cargo pants and combat boots. \"I'd like to teach, and do a little post-doctorate research,\" Charlie tossed back the rest of her scotch and stood up, \"Have you got any of my beer, Max?\" \"Hon, I don't think you should really mix,\" Maxine pointed to her fridge anyway. \"Thanks Mom, but I'm not that much of a lightweight,\" Charlie smiled her little half grin and went for the fridge, \"I only had a small bit of scotch. It's not like I had four shots of tequila and then went for the Jäeger after. I learned my lesson from that.\" \"Charlie here got a little too drunk one night when we got together,\" Maxine explained, \"She even got up on stage to sing karaoke!\" \"We also got video of it,\" Elise said, immediately scrolling through the photos on her phone. Charlie cracked open a Yeungleng, \"Guys, no! She doesn't need to see that.\" \"Uh, yeah, I think I kind of do,\" Allison made her way over to the couch and settled between Maxine and Elise. Elise handed Allison the phone as they all three huddled over it. When the camera wasn't shaking so much and the yells and hoots from Max and Elise in the video weren't so prominent, Charlie could be sure enough be seen on the stage singing along to \"You Wanted More\" by Tonic. \"Oh my god,\" Allison laughed, \"Is this serious?\" Charlie flicked her head to the side to move her hair out of her face, \"I was having a rough time at that point. These two and I had just met and they wanted to know more about where I came from.\" \"This was over in Minnesota,\" Elise pointed at the video, \"Charlie lives with her aunt while she's going to college.\" \"The problem was I had also just gotten dumped by the girl who was the reason I had to go live with my aunt,\" Charlie, instantly sullen, plopped in Allison's vacated chair facing the trio. \"You drove that bike all the way here from Minnesota?\" Allison asked, \"Isn't that a long trip?\" \"I left yesterday and made a stop in Wisconsin on my way over,\" Charlie drank from her beer, \"It is a long trip, but being on the bike isn't that bad.\" \"She loves that thing, she's even named it,\" Maxine said. \"Really?\" Allison asked. \"It's red and black, and it's a Harley,\" Charlie gestured with her hands as she spoke, \"I named her Quinn.\" \"Like the villain in Batman?\" Allison asked, and Charlie nodded with an amused grin, \"Nice!\" \"God, you both are nerds,\" Maxine closed her eyes and took another drink. Charlie made eye contact with Allison and looked down with a shy grin. Allison smiled, \"So, what's with the whole outfit you've got. Are you in a band?\" Charlie shook her head, \"Nah, I just really like the character Lisbeth Salander. Have you ever read those books?\" Allison tilted her head, \"No, I haven't.\" \"Charlie here is also our chick with the dragon tat,\" Maxine said, \"You wanna show her?\" Allison looked from Max to Charlie, and Charlie sighed, \"Yeah, no. I may be drinking tonight, but I'm not drunk.\" \"Aw come on!\" Elise jested, \"You only needed two shots of tequila to bring up doing karaoke. A fifth of scotch and half of a beer should be more than enough!\" Charlie took another drink of her beer and rolled the bottle between her hands; she set the bottle on the table and held up her hands in surrender, \"All right, fine!\" Charlie stood up from the chair and turned around. Elise and Maxine were both staring at Allison, while Allison looked like a deer caught in headlights as Charlie lifted her shirt over her shoulders. Allison's eyes locked on the top of Charlie's left shoulder and wound down to about her mid-back as they followed the black dragon tattoo. Allison also tried hard to concentrate more on the tattoo and not the lack of a bra. \"I went with the American version,\" Charlie pulled her shirt back down and sat back in the chair, \"I like the Swedish version, but it took up the entire back and then some, and I prefer to have a little room on my canvas.\" Allison was silent. Charlie noticed and looked toward her right as the awkward silence filled the room. \"It looks great,\" Allison finally got out, \"Is that your only one?\" Max and Elise leaned back into the couch as if they tried to disappear into it. \"Yeah,\" Charlie nodded and took another swig of her beer, \"But another time perhaps. Riding a bike is all nice and fun, but it did wear me out quite a bit. I'm going to head off for bed.\" \"What? Already? It's barely ten o'clock!\" Maxine stood up, \"The night is young!\" \"You guys are more than welcome to stay awake, just as long as you don't try pulling any pranks on me,\" Charlie sternly pointed at Elise. \"I'm going to get some sleep tonight and then hit the mess hall early tomorrow to start set up.\" \"We've got three days before drop off day though!\" Elise said. \"Penny will be here in two,\" Charlie shot back. Elise nodded, \"Killjoy.\" Charlie bowed at the name, \"I like my sleep. I will see you guys in the morning.\" With that, Charlie chugged the remainder of her beer before she went to her room and shut the door. \"Okay, so what do you guys say? We wait until she's fully asleep and try the whipped cream and feather trick?\" Maxine whispered. \"Totally,\" Elise gave Maxine a drunken high-five. \"Guys,\" Allison whined, \"She just said she didn't want to be pranked.\" \"Come on Allison, you were the one who had the idea to switch out the toothpaste for Vagisil when we were younger,\" Elise ran her hand through her brown curls. \"Did I ever tell you that you pull off the brunette look quite well?\" Allison asked and patted Elise on the head. \"You definitely look like you should've been born blonde,\" Elise crooked an arm around Allison's neck and hugged her, \"Now we just need Max to-.\" \"Hooooo, no,\" Maxine waved her finger, \"You are never going to make me dye my hair.\" \"Yeah,\" Allison detangled herself from Elise's hug, \"You look great as a redhead. Anything else and it would be weird.\" \"So Allison, what do you think of Charlie?\" Elise asked as she reached for another refill of scotch. \"She seems pretty chill, I think we'll be a good team in the kitchen,\" Allison nodded. \"Really? In the kitchen?\" Elise asked, looking at Maxine with victory in her eyes. \"Yeah,\" Allison answered with a confused expression, \"Where else would I be working with her?\" Maxine signaled to Elise to cut it out, she was going to give it away that there was a bet, \"Archery!\" Maxine said, \"You guys will be co-teaching the archery class.\" \"Okay,\" Allison shrugged, \"What else does she teach here?\" \"We started a fencing class last year thanks to her,\" Maxine poured herself another scotch, \"Who knew that she would be so good at swordplay.\" Elise started to laugh, \"Yeah, who knew?\" \"So, she doesn't do dudes at all?\" Allison asked. \"Nope, she said earlier that she had an ex-girlfriend!\" Maxine lightly slapped Allison's arm. \"No, I know, I just didn't want to assume,\" Allison waved her hands. \"The poor thing, she was kicked out of her parent's house because of a girl, and when they finally made the big move to be closer to her aunt, the girl dumped her because Charlie didn't want to commit just yet. Charlie wanted to work out a few things and get settled with them living together before doing anything, but her ex wanted to get married there and then,\" Maxine's blue eyes darkened, \"Charlie is such a sweet girl, but she has been lonely. She adopted a cat last summer.\" \"What?\" Elise asked, \"Seriously? I thought she was all about living the single life?\" \"Oh, don't get me wrong, she loved being single,\" Maxine waved her hand and shook her head, \"But after a while she started re-evaluating things and she's started dating again, but no one has really caught her attention long enough.\" \"What about her ex?\" Allison queried. Maxine shook her head slowly, \"Charlie isn't the type to dwell on the past. She's tried contacting her ex plenty of times, but she never answered. Charlie is ready to move on, but she wants something that lasts. Not a fling, you know?\" Elise and Allison both nodded. Allison drank the rest of her scotch and stood up to have the room spin. After it stopped, she went to the sink and rinsed out her glass. \"Hey, I think I'm going to hit the sack too,\" Allison rubbed her eyes and yawned, \"I don't want Charlie to set up on her own.\" Maxine pouted, but then relented, \"Okay, I guess we all should get some sleep.\" When they both looked at Elise, she was already snoring with her head lying on the back of the couch. Maxine looked at Allison and indicated that she would take care of Elise. Allison nodded her thanks and went to her room as Maxine carefully set Elise to where she laid down on the couch and pulled a blanket over her. Before heading off to bed herself, Maxine went in the kitchen, pulled a plastic garbage bag out from beneath the sink, and placed it under Elise. Maxine was taking no chances of having to clean piss out of her couch the next morning.[Chapter 3] A/N: This is a shorter chapter, but I had to end it otherwise it would have been way too long. Chapter four should be up soon as well! As always enjoy and many thanks to my beta awkward-like-grace from the Tumblr realm. If you are a Trinity fan and are on Tumblr, check her out. She's a cool person. Chapter 3 A swirl of images crowded Charlie's sleep-muddled mind as she tossed on the bed. Jade eyes, olive skin, and long brown curls of hair that tickled her face as the other woman lowered her lips to Charlie's. Then everything stopped to show a gold ring with diamonds encompassing it. A silvery voice that had a shade of honeyed tone asked from nowhere, \"So, what's your answer?\" Charlie woke up with a gasp as the trumpet called out right by her bedside. Maxine stopped the recording on her phone and set her hands on her hips. \"Max, how are you able to function this early?\" Charlie yawned out as she saw the clock read 7 a.m. \"Who were you dreaming about?\" Maxine's tone was stern. \"What? Why?\" Charlie's eyes widened. \"I heard you say her name in your sleep, Charles,\" Maxine sighed and sat down on the edge of Charlie's bed, \"Did she show up in your dream?\" Charlie scratched her head and ran her fingers through her hair to get the tangles out. She succeeded, but ended up making her hair stand on end due to her serious bedhead. \"Kinda. It was more flickers than fully-formed details.\" Maxine nodded and had a frown on her face. \"Max, I'm over her, I promise,\" Charlie brought her knees up to set her chin on them, \"Besides, Allison is pretty nice on the eyes.\" Maxine arched an eyebrow up, \"I highly doubt you only noticed her eyes. At least I would hope so,\" she looked both confused and concerned, \"What does it say about me if I noticed more than her eyes?\" Charlie chuckled into her knees, \"That you have eyes yourself.\" Max smiled and patted Charlie's arm, \"You best be getting used to the 7 a.m. call, I'm not letting you sleep in.\" Charlie groaned, but pulled the blankets back and swung her legs out from the bed. Maxine stood up and went to leave, but stopped at the door and gestured at Charlie's hair. \"Also, do something with the nest on your head. We don't want to scare off Chet when he gets here now, do we?\" \"Ha ha, you're hilarious, Max,\" Charlie threw a pillow at Max, who was already out of her room and she laughed when the pillow plopped in the doorway. Allison's head poked into Charlie's room as the pillow landed in front of her, \"Hey! That almost hit me!\" Charlie's head snapped up to Allison and she grimaced, \"Sorry that was meant for Max.\" \"I just wanted to let you know that I was headed down to the mess,\" Allison's eyes strayed to the wild flames of hair on Charlie's head, \"You trying out for a part in an anime?\" Charlie clamped her hands over her head, \"Okay! I get it! My hair is a mess, I'm working on it!\" Elise suddenly sat up straight on the couch, \"Oh no.\" She pulled the blanket away from her person to see a dark spot in the crotch of her pants, \"Goddammit!\" \"Elise, did you piss yourself in your sleep…again?\" Charlie called out from her room. Elise sighed and stood up gingerly from the couch, \"Yeah. Looks like Maxine prepared for it though. I guess she got tired of having to clean out pee from her couch.\" \"I'm not picking up that trash bag though,\" Maxine called out from the front door. Elise groaned and carefully picked up the bag to take it to the trashcan. \"Bad luck, dude,\" Allison remarked as she walked out of the cabin, \"Although, I can't say I miss being the bottom bunk.\" Charlie stretched her back and called out to Elise, \"Glad to know there's someone else having a bad morning.\" When her back popped, Charlie let herself fall back on the bed and closed her eyes. When the jade eyes sparkled under her eyelids, Charlie growled, forced her eyes open, and hopped out of bed.[Chapter 4] A/N: Hello all! Here is the next chapter! Thank you to my beta awkward-like-grace from Tumblr for giving this a looksie. Also I realized I never put a disclaimer. So four chapters in and I'm sure you guys already know I don't own anything except the characters that didn't show up or are mentioned in the film as well as the plot. You guys know how it goes. Chapter 4 After showering and dressing in her Takota threads, Charlie tied a matching blue bandana over her head to keep her hair in place. She double-laced her sneakers before she set off at a brisk jog toward the mess hall. She got as far as the craft hut and Maxine's office before she had to stop and heave in air. Maxine walked out of her office with her arms crossed when she heard Charlie's coughs sound worse. \"Where are they?\" Max asked. \"Where are what?\" Charlie asked her expression pained as she continued to wheeze. \"Are you really going to act like you don't know what I'm talking about?\" Max helped Charlie stand up straight and looked her in the eye, \"I thought you quit.\" Charlie coughed a couple more times, \"I'm not smoking them every day anymore. Just when I'm stressed.\" \"Seems to me that there's been something stressing you since before you got here,\" Maxine settled next to Charlie against the building and looked out at the camp, \"You want to talk about it?\" Charlie looked out at the camp too, but her gaze was far off. She was quiet for a few minutes before she forced air out of her nose, \"My parents are just being real shitty toward my aunt for taking me in. She tries to keep it from me, but I can tell it's getting to her.\" \"You're parents are such dicks,\" Maxine shook her head, \"I don't understand how you missed that gene, but I'm glad you did.\" Charlie smirked, \"Yeah, well, anyway…I'm fine. I don't have a pack on me, so you don't have to worry.\" \"I always worry,\" Maxine leaned her elbow on top of Charlie's head, \"I've come to think of you as a weirdly-old child of mine.\" Charlie laughed and stepped forward from Maxine's arm, \"And I've come to think of you as a weirdly-young mom of mine.\" \"But the coolest and hippest mom, right?\" Maxine widened her eyes and glared at Charlie. \"Oh, right, yeah,\" Charlie held up her hands, \"No doubt. You are far out.\" Maxine pursed her lips, \"Mmhmm, get out of here. Shouldn't you be setting up the mess hall with a certain cutie who's 'nice on the eyes'?\" Charlie stuck her tongue out at Max and set back off toward the mess hall. Maxine shouted out after her, \"Hey, your words, not mine!\" Charlie reached the mess hall and walked in to find the tables and benches all set up. Charlie's eyebrows wrinkled as she stepped into the kitchen and found Allison, sitting on a stool and taking a break from the look of things. \"You already got everything set up out there?\" Charlie pointed a thumb over her shoulder. \"Yeah, it's no big deal,\" Allison nodded, \"Eli is here with a delivery if you wanted to go ahead and start bringing that in. I'm a bit winded from setting up the tables, but I'll help out in a moment.\" \"You wouldn't be so winded if you waited,\" Charlie scolded and walked out the back door to find a few boxes of fresh produce in Eli's truck bed. As Charlie approached the back of the truck, she saw Eli and Elise in the truck. When Elise leaned in for a kiss from Eli, Charlie started coughing obnoxiously. \"Get a room,\" Charlie said between coughs, and she walked up to Eli's side with a smile plastered on her face. \"Hey Charlie,\" Eli sighed and leaned back in his seat. \"Charlie,\" Elise leaned over Eli and stuck her head out of the window, \"don't you have some, I don't know, fruits to peel?\" \"Elise,\" Charlie mimicked Elise's tone, \"the produce won't be cut until Drop Off Day. It won't stay fresh if we cut it today.\" Elise stuck her hand out, flipped Charlie off, and used her hand to tap her middle finger against Charlie's nose. \"Then go take the produce in,\" Elise tapped her finger on Charlie's nose one last time before she sat back in her seat, \"Eli and I were going to go out today since I don't have to set up the craft hut.\" \"Okay, I'll go get the boxes then,\" Charlie shrugged, then a mischievous grin formed, \"Hey Eli, funny story this morning, Elise here woke up-\" Before Charlie could get out the events that happened, Elise practically leapt forward and covered Charlie's mouth with her hand. \"Charlie! Don't you have boxes to get?\" Elise pulled her hand away when Charlie licked it, \"Ew! You don't even know where my hand has been.\" \"Ugh, now I have really bad images in my head,\" Charlie covered her eyes and went to get a box of vegetables out the back of the truck. \"Well, can't say anything to that other than you should have thought before you licked,\" Elise's tone was sing-song. Charlie flipped Elise off before she hoisted a box of vegetables out of the truck. \"Charlie,\" Eli called out and Charlie turned around, \"I included some of those herbs you wanted. They're in the smaller box back there.\" \"Great, thanks Eli,\" Charlie smiled and brought the box in the kitchen. \"Lovebirds at it?\" Allison hopped off the stool and took the box from Charlie. \"Almost, but I came in and was all 'Cockblock!'\" Charlie punched the air on the last word. Allison laughed and started to sort out the vegetables, \"How many other boxes are there?\" \"Only two, I can grab them if you wanted to sort?\" Charlie asked. \"I was getting ready to suggest that,\" Allison nodded, \"Great minds much?\" Charlie shrugged and backed out of the kitchen to get the other two boxes. She hopped up in the truck bed to grab the last small box that had scooted toward the front of the truck. Allison looked at the box in Charlie's hands as she went to stash it next to Maxine's fiber nuts, \"Are those drugs?\" Charlie sighed deeply, \"Why does everyone assume I have drugs?\" \"Whoa, not assuming, only asking,\" Allison shook her hands, \"No judging, dude.\" \"They're herbs,\" Charlie pulled down the box and opened it, \"Sage, a little mint, and some spices like cinnamon. I like to make my own loose leaf teas.\" \"Huh, cool,\" Allison said, taking the box and pulling it to her nose to smell them, \"So, Eli's been growing these for you?\" \"More like giving me some,\" Charlie said, \"He doesn't use them that much, but he has them planted just in case.\" Allison nodded and gave the box back to Charlie, \"I'll have to try a bit the next time you brew.\" Charlie smirked, \"Maxine likes to joke with the campers and say that it's my witches brew when I make it.\" Allison laughed, \"Yeah, well, you can't blame her for the jokes. Once Max gets to know you, they really are more endearing than anything.\" \"So I've noticed.\" \"You two seem pretty close. How did you two meet?\" \"A mutual friend, you might remember her from when she came here to camp. Thora Aleksei?\" \"Oh, yeah! She was a really nice girl.\" \"Yeah, I had that rough patch a few years back and Thora introduced me to Maxine and the camp, and Maxine was super desperate for a cook. When I first met Max she greeted me with a hug and asked if I was stupid because I offered her a handshake,\" Charlie's eyes crinkled as she laughed and smiled, \"She looks out for me. Like really looks out for me.\" \"I was wondering about the whole 'Mom' thing last night,\" Allison sorted the last of the produce and wiped her hands on her shirt, \"Well I think we are officially set up. Just need to figure out the menu for tomorrow.\" \"I was thinking the standard Sloppy Joes, and your famous tots,\" Charlie leaned against the island countertop. \"And then maybe a fresh spring salad with plenty of toppings for our health?\" Allison asked and wrote everything down on a notepad. \"Sounds good,\" Charlie stretched her arms over her head, \"Should we plan for the day after now, too, or do you only plan them the day ahead?\" \"Day ahead, so then I can see what I have to set aside for it,\" Allison set the pad and pen down, \"This feels like it's almost too easy with two people.\" Charlie crossed her arms, \"I can always back off a bit in the kitchen if you wanted a bit more of a challenge.\" \"No, you're fine! I was only saying so because I really like having you,\" Allison's smile widened, \"Dare I say it, we make a nice…'pear'?\" Charlie laughed as Allison held up a pear, \"Elise warned me of the puns,\" she moved to the boxes of produce, \"I told her not to worry about it though, puns are the 'radish'!\" \"'Gouda' one!\" Allison shook a block of cheese above the door of the open fridge. The two girls then ravaged the kitchen, trying to find as many puns as they could. By the time they were down to last few things, there was food piled on every countertop. \"I don't know if I can get anymore puns,\" Allison sat across from Charlie on the floor around a box. She leaned forward and pulled out the last item, \"I've 'beet' this to the ground.\" \"Guess you've 'beet' me then,\" Charlie pouted, and then her eyes shone, \"I guess we're at our 'roots'?\" \"Oh!\" Allison started to bow at Charlie, \"Okay, you got it. You are now crowned the pun-master of Takota.\" \"Woo!\" Charlie stuck her arms over her head in victory, \"How much time did we kill?\" \"About two hours,\" Allison checked her watch, \"I guess it's going to take about half an hour to get everything put back.\" \"Eh, it was worth it,\" Charlie stood up and brushed the back of her shorts. \"What the hell happened in here?\" Maxine asked as she walked into the kitchen, \"Did you guys take a full inventory or what?\" \"We had a pun-off,\" Allison explained as she placed vegetables into a box, \"But dammit! We could have killed two birds with one stone!\" Charlie just shrugged, \"I was too distracted by the puns.\" \"Yeah, I'm sure that's all that distracted you,\" Maxine murmured at Charlie and laughed. \"What?\" Allison asked. \"Nothing,\" Charlie started to pick up the pace, the back of her neck was flushed. Allison looked to Maxine for an explanation, and got a suggestive wink as a response. Allison's face began to burn, despite the smile that formed on her face. She didn't have to know what Max said, Max had picked up on Allison's attraction to the new girl. But Allison was sure that the attraction wasn't one-sided. \"Okay, well I guess I'll leave you guys to it,\" Maxine stepped out, but before she left she looked at Charlie, \"Could you come by my office after you clean up here? We still need to talk.\" Charlie nodded her expression solemn. She didn't exactly look forward to the meeting. It was only a dream, and it was inconsequential to anything. Charlie was over her ex, it had been almost three years. She never answered when Charlie tried to contact her. Except there was the letter that showed up before she left for Takota. Charlie didn't smoke only because of her parents. Melanie had contacted her. In handwritten form. At least, that's what Charlie thought. If Mel was going to contact her through snail mail, she would probably go all the way. She always went all the way with things. Charlie didn't even open the letter, only tucked it into her favorite book that was currently in her backpack in her cabin room.[Chapter 5] A/N: This is a flashback chapter in order to get to know where Charlie is coming from and who she was (a lot can change in three years). I will state that there is some verbal abuse in this chapter, for those of you reading this and need a trigger warning. The next chapter may also be a flashback continuing from this one, I'm not sure yet. As always, enjoy the story and the biggest thanks to my beta awkward-like-grace on Tumblr! This is my first fic that I've used a beta and all I can say is it is a great experience :D P.S. To those of you who have favorited and followed this story on here, you are the best. Virtual cookies and hugs to you! Chapter 5 Three Years Ago - Floyds Knobs, IN Charlie killed the engine on Quinn and walked up to the front door of her parent's house. The house was a three story - if you included the basement - stone house with ornate wooden accents. Charlie loved the house as a whole, but it was never quite home the past few years. After she knocked and rang the doorbell a few times, she finally pulled her own key from her pocket and unlocked the door. \"Hello? Anyone home?\" Charlie called out as she looked around the foyer of the house. She ran a hand through her new haircut and put the key in the pocket of her jeans before she went downstairs to her bedroom. Sliding the backpack from her shoulders, she began packing shirts and jeans from her armoire. She only packed the clothing she truly cared about, mostly anything that was distressed, revealing, or both. After she had her clothing in the bag, she went to her bookshelf and pulled her witchy-woo books that her parents didn't get to from behind the stacks of books she could always buy anywhere. Once they were in her bag, she went to her underwear drawer, searched underneath the mess of attire until she found a little, white paper bag, and threw it into her bag as well. Charlie looked around the room to make sure she didn't need to take anything else, going over a check list in her head. The dark green walls were a soothing backdrop against the dark cherry of her furniture. She was about to head back upstairs when her eyes settled on her favorite book on the bookshelf. The worn edges and the spine of it was so creased you could hardly see the title, but Charlie knew exactly which book it was. She pulled the book down and looked at the front cover. She brushed her finger over the title Tithe and the indented design of a pair of green-tinted faerie wings before she flipped through the age-spotted pages and released the aroma of an aged book. Sure, the book wasn't that old yet, but it was definitely old enough to have the decomposed scent on it. Torn between buying a new version and just taking that book, Charlie sat down on her bed and flipped the book's pages again. She turned the thought over and over again in her mind before she pulled her bag over and placed the book carefully on top of the other items in it. She zipped the bag closed and walked back up the stairs to find the door open and her parents in the foyer. \"Yes, I need to report a break-in. Female, about 5'4\", Caucasian with blue-grey eyes and short red hair. Hurry, she's armed with a knife and extremely threatening toward us,\" her dad said into his cell phone before he hung up. \"Are you fucking kidding me?\" Charlie's eyes sparked and the muscles in her back tightened up. \"Honey, language,\" Charlie's mother tutted. \"No, you are not allowed to tell me what to do,\" Charlie pointed a finger at her, \"You both kicked me out without a chance for me to pack up what I wanted to take with me. And I did not break in, I had a key.\" \"But who would believe you?\" Charlie's father asked, \"With the way that you look? What kind of hairstyle is that?\" He gestured at it, \"Shaved on one side? You look ridiculous, and that color…\" He shook his head, disappointed, \"You look like a red and blonde skunk.\" Charlie rubbed a hand over the shaved blonde portion of her hair self-consciously, her shoulders shrugged up, \"Plus, you are armed. Unless that bump in your boot is your phone.\" Charlie felt the blood drain from her face. She had totally forgotten that her parents knew about the Harpy she had on her at all times. Its use was cutting down natural items for rituals or whittling, but if she needed it for defense, she would use it. \"I can just leave; you don't need to do this,\" Charlie pleaded at them. \"And let you leave with what is sure to be your witchcraft?\" her mother replied, \"I don't think so.\" \"I came here for clothing, that was it,\" Charlie tried to keep the tears back, but a few of them escaped. The faint sound of police sirens signaled out through the open door and Charlie bounded between her parents and out the door. She ignored her parent's yells and went straight to Quinn, swinging a leg over and gunning the engine before peeling out of the driveway. She took the back roads to Melanie's apartment, and once she arrived there, she went straight for the front door. There wasn't much time and she needed Mel to hide her bag. \"Charlie? What's wrong?\" Mel's green eyes widened as Charlie shoved past her and stopped in the barren living room. \"My parents showed, called the cops,\" Charlie wiped at the tears in her eyes, \"Look, I don't have that much time, I need to stash this here.\" \"What, why? If they are drugs I swear to god Charlie-.\" \"It's not drugs Mel! Jesus, you really think I would be trying to hide drugs here?\" \"Then what is it?\" Mel crossed her arms. \"Some clothes, a few books, and a pendulum,\" Charlie rattled off the list, \"I can't have my parents get this. They already burned and threw away the other books I had on Wicca.\" \"Fine,\" Mel took the bag from Charlie. \"Thank you,\" Charlie stood on her tiptoes, took Mel's face in her hands and kissed her. At the sound of sirens, Mel pulled back, \"You lead them here?!\" \"I just need this stuff put away for now, please,\" Charlie looked into Mel's bright green eyes, \"I will only be charged for breaking and entering, and probably resisting arrest, but this is the first time I've ever been charged. They will go easy on me and I will be back here before you know it. We'll figure something out from there, okay? Just go ahead and get the moving truck set up so we can head straight for our house.\" Mel gazed into Charlie's stormy blue eyes and nodded. Charlie nodded back and pecked her on the lips again before she went for the front door. \"Charlotte Mallory, you are under arrest for armed burglary and fleeing the scene,\" a voice announced through a megaphone, \"Put your hands over your head and get down on your knees.\" Charlie did as was told and the two men still tackled her down when they went to restrain her. After they Mirandized her and she complained that the cuffs were too tight, they led her to the car and helped her get in. \"Ma'am, are you Melanie Cohen?\" an officer asked as he approached Mel at her door with notebook in hand. \"Yes,\" Mel crossed her arms. \"What is your relationship with Charlotte Mallory, if there is any?\" \"She's my girlfriend.\" The officer paused and licked his lips, \"You and Ms. Mallory are in a physical relationship?\" \"Yes, would you like me to go into detail?\" Mel snapped at him. \"No, that won't be needed,\" the officer seemed to shrivel into himself, \"Can you tell me what she did when she got here?\" \"She just wanted to let me know what was going on before you guys came to get her,\" Mel leaned her head against the doorframe. \"And what was going on exactly?\" \"She went to her parent's house to grab some clothes because she was running low and they wouldn't let her pack anything when they kicked her out.\" \"Did she say how she was going to get in the house?\" \"She was going to knock, and if that didn't work, she would use her key.\" \"She has a key to the house?\" \"Yep,\" Mel popped the ending of the word with her lips. \"Do you know why her parent's kicked her out in the first place?\" \"Yeah, her parent's found out that she was dabbling in another religion, and when they confronted her about it, she told them about how she liked women.\" \"What religion was she 'dabbling' in?\" \"Is it relevant to the investigation?\" Mel arched an eyebrow. \"It could be,\" the officer looked back at the car that started to head out with Charlie. \"She was reading into Wicca.\" \"Wicca?\" Mel sighed, \"Paganism? It's like witchcraft, but it's all about doing no harm to others that wouldn't harm you or something.\" The officer looked duped, \"We don't really get that around here.\" \"Uh, duh! We're in the middle of the Bible Belt.\" \"Are you also in the…the witchcraft thing?\" \"Nah, I'm an agnostic. I don't know what to believe,\" Mel answered as she tucked a lock of russet brown hair behind her ear, \"Are we almost done here?\" \"Yes, Ms. Cohen, just one more thing,\" the officer looked over his notebook, \"Did Ms. Mallory come here with anything?\" \"Just a bag of clothes,\" Mel said, \"I've got it here if you want to go through it.\" \"If you would,\" the officer held a hand out and Mel handed him the bag, \"Thank you Ms. Cohen, if you have anything else you would like to tell me, here is my card. Give me a call.\" \"No problem, Officer,\" Mel squinted at the card, \"Ravel.\" Officer Ravel nodded and headed to his squad car. Mel closed the door and tossed the card on the kitchen table before she headed back to her bedroom. There on her bed was a pile of books and the little paper bag. Mel picked up the worn copy of Tithe and settled down on her bed to read it.[Chapter 6] A/N: Here is the second part of the flashback. Hope you all are enjoying this! Feel free to leave a review if you'd like. Thanks to my Tumblr-ite beta awkward-like-grace! Four Days Later Charlie's head was on the table in front of her as the judge was going over the convictions and evidence. She ran her hands through the back of her hair where it was shortest. She could not wait to get back to Mel's, take a shower, and just sleep in a real bed. Four days in a jail cell wasn't horrible, but Charlie's nerves wouldn't let her sleep well. \"Alright Ms. Mallory,\" Judge Michael Fraser shuffled the papers in front of him and Charlie rose her head, \"I'm going to let you go. It is evident that although you had a knife on you, there was no actual harm done. You haven't been charged before and you also didn't take anything that didn't belong to you. As for the breaking and entering, the fact that you had your own key is enough to show that you didn't go there for any other purpose than to get some of your things. However, you did run from the police, so I feel that five years of community service will be enough punishment for that.\" \"Your honor,\" the prosecutor stood up, \"What about the trauma she placed on her parents? She could have easily come back to the house when someone was home.\" \"From what I've seen and heard, it sounds like her parents didn't want anything to do with her,\" Judge Fraser linked his fingers together, \"So she decided to slip in and out to prevent any type of confrontation or prevent any stress on either party. Is that correct, Ms. Mallory?\" \"Most of it, your honor,\" Charlie answered and slipped her hands under her thighs, \"I didn't want to go back when I was already there and had a key. I didn't realize my parents would overreact the way they did when they came home. If I would have known they would have reacted the way they did, I would have come back at another time when they were home and put up with the stress it would have caused.\" Judge Fraser nodded, \"Well, you will have a probation officer help you find somewhere to work out for the five years. She will also check in on you while you work and while you are at your residence to make sure you are indeed working as well as keeping out of trouble.\" \"Thank you, your honor,\" Charlie nodded and let out a breath slowly. She was supremely lucky that she had gotten off with only five years of service. Sure five years seems like it's quite a bit, but it could have been way worse. \"This court is dismissed,\" Judge Fraser raised the gavel and struck it down. When everyone was shuffling out, a woman in uniform approached Charlie. \"Ms. Mallory, I'm Officer Thora Aleksei, I'll be your probation officer,\" she stuck her hand out and Charlie shook it. Thora's eyes were a clear grey like the sky before it starts raining and she had ash blonde hair tied back in a small ponytail. \"Hi, call me Charlie, we'll be associating with each other for quite a bit I'd imagine,\" Charlie smiled her half grin. \"Then feel free to call me Thora,\" Thora smiled back and let go of Charlie's hand, \"Listen, do you do well with kids?\" \"Yeah, kids and I get along great,\" Charlie nodded. \"Great, what about cooking? You good at anything that could be a camp activity?\" \"I've worked in local restaurants quite a bit,\" Charlie's eyebrows creased together, \"I also do archery and fencing as hobbies. Why?\" \"I've got a friend who runs a camp up in Michigan,\" Thora explained breathlessly, \"I think you would be a great fit.\" \"Is it year-long?\" Charlie asked, \"I've been accepted into a doctorate program in Minnesota. I was planning on moving up there pretty soon.\" \"No, it's only summer, but every summer you work there will count as a year,\" Thora walked out of the courthouse with Charlie. When they got to Charlie's bike, Mel was already standing there with Charlie's jacket and helmet. \"Uh, yeah, that would work perfectly,\" Charlie faced Thora, \"Tell your friend I would be honored.\" Thora smiled and nodded, \"You'll be hearing from a Maxine Reynolds pretty soon then. From what she's told me, she's desperate.\" Charlie shook hands with Thora and smiled, \"I look forward to it.\" \"Make sure you send me the address you will be moving to so I can have it on record,\" Thora said. \"Will do, Thora,\" Charlie threw a salute at her before she walked over to Mel. \"Five years of community service, huh?\" Mel helped Charlie with her jacket. \"Yeah, sounds like it won't be too bad though,\" Charlie slipped her helmet on, \"Do you have everything ready to go?\" \"The moving truck will be here tomorrow,\" Mel put on her own helmet, \"Charlie, we need to talk.\" \"Can we talk when we get to your place?\" Charlie swung a leg over her bike, \"I'd like to shower and change.\" Mel sighed and settled down behind Charlie. As soon as Mel's arms tightened around Charlie's middle, she started up the bike. Thora watched from her car as Charlie sped off on her bike, \"Yeah, her name's Charlie. It sounds like she's just had a patch of bad luck, but I think you two would get along great, Max.\" Mel's Apartment As soon as Charlie was out of the shower, she started on a sandwich. She toasted the bread, cut a slice of tomato and onion, pried a leaf of lettuce off the iceberg head, and got the pepper jack cheese, roast beef, and pesto out. When she had her sandwich made and cut in diagonal halves, she went to the bedroom and settled herself down on the left side of the bed. Mel walked in the apartment with a handful of mail and set it down on the kitchen table before she went to her bedroom. Charlie looked up to see Mel with her arms crossed and against the doorframe, \"Oh yeah, you wanted to talk.\" \"Yeah,\" Mel took the three steps and slid onto the bed to sit next to Charlie. When she leaned against the headboard, she laid her head on Charlie's shoulder, \"Char, how long have we been together?\" \"You mean before or after we realized we had the hots for each other?\" Charlie asked between bites. Mel was silent, thinking it over, \"Before.\" Charlie chewed her bite before she answered, \"Almost ten years, if you wanted to count the two years we've been dating.\" \"That's a pretty long time in general, right?\" Charlie slowly took another bite of her sandwich, but it felt like cardboard in her mouth, \"Mel, what's up?\" Mel sat up and turned around to face Charlie on the bed. She then took the plate with the uneaten half of the sandwich from Charlie's lap and set it on the nightstand, Charlie was about to complain until Mel tucked herself in Charlie's lap. Before Charlie could say anything, Mel held a small box in her face. Charlie took it from her and opened it to find a ring. Charlie froze, and when Mel didn't move, she shut the box, placed it down on the right side of the bed, and cuddled Mel to her chest. \"So,\" Mel asked, rubbing her cheek against Charlie's arm, \"What's your answer?\" Charlie rested her forehead on Mel's shoulder, \"I think it's moving a little fast. Two years is a while, sure, but it's still pretty short compared to our friendship of eight years.\" \"What's your point, Charlie?\" Mel breathed out sharply. \"We know we work really well as friends, but we're still figuring out if we work as a couple,\" Charlie explained, \"I'm the first girl you've been with in a relationship, and you're my first relationship ever. I just don't think we should rush things right now.\" Mel broke out of the cuddle and snatched the box up from the bed. Charlie reached out for her, \"Mel, come on, I've got a lot going on right now.\" \"You have a lot going on?\" Mel turned, her eyes filling with tears, \"I'm uprooting my life here to move to another state where I don't know any one!\" Charlie stood up from the bed, \"'Uprooting'? You told me you wanted a change of view! I only asked if you wanted to come with me because I thought you were interested. I could have easily lived with my aunt and you could visit. Why didn't you just tell me you didn't want to move?\" Mel wiped at her eyes and crossed her arms, \"You wouldn't have taken that so easily.\" \"The hell I wouldn't,\" Charlie exclaimed, \"I am perfectly fine on my own. I don't need to see you all the time.\" Mel glared at Charlie. \"Okay, that sounded bad,\" Charlie scratched at the back of her neck, \"It's not that I don't need to see you all the time…I just…I want to.\" Mel's eyes softened and she was silent for a while before she swayed over to Charlie and kissed her. \"Does this mean I'm forgiven and we're on the same page?\" Charlie asked breathlessly. Mel didn't say anything, she just started to remove Charlie's clothing one by one. Charlie was used to Mel taking the lead, and followed suit when she could and they ended up in a tangle on the bed; the sandwich long forgotten.[Chapter 7] A/N: Hi everyone! Sorry I've dropped off the face of the planet. With college having started back, I've been crammed into quite the busy schedule. For the most part, I've been trying to write when I can and when I've got the inspiration to because otherwise I feel like the story (and plot) declines when I don't feel that need to write. As always, thanks to my amazing beta awkward-like-grace on Tumblr. She's a peach :D Chapter 7 Charlie made sure everything was in tip-top shape before she left Allison to go to Maxine's office. She knocked before she opened the door and closed it behind her. \"Hey Max, you wanted to see me?\" Charlie tried to stave off a yawn, but to no avail. \"You can't tell me you are already tired out, Charles,\" Max said, pouring a glass of scotch, \"You'll have to do better in order to keep up with the campers. Come on over here and sit, have some scotch, talk with your parole officer…you know, girl stuff.\" \"Thora?\" Charlie looked around Max to find Thora, sitting on a stool and sipping at her own glass of scotch. Thora made a disgusted face before she set her glass down, \"God Max, I never understood how you could drink this. Hey Charlie, how have you been?\" \"Don't you already know?\" Charlie smirked and sat on the stool Maxine pulled over for her. \"I see your grades dropped a bit at the end of last semester,\" Thora rubbed her hands together. \"Just stress,\" Charlie waved a hand at Max's mixed expression of anger and slight pain, \"Grad school is hard enough on its own, but my parents were being a pain.\" \"I thought you threatened them with a restraining order if they didn't stop contacting you,\" Thora asked, her grey eyes full of concern. \"They aren't contacting me. I found out recently that they've been calling up my aunt to chat, and their questions always corner her about me, and she pretty much won't tell them anything. She's doesn't feel guilty anymore hanging up on them when they pull that, and sometimes they try calling again, but she won't answer. My parents are pretty abusive with their words though, and I can tell it's beginning to get to her.\" \"Dicks,\" Max muttered in her glass. \"Why does your aunt keep answering the phone when they call then?\" Thora asked. \"She believes that they will change at some point,\" Charlie shook her head, \"I don't doubt it, but I don't think they'll be changing any time soon.\" Thora nodded solemnly. Maxine drained the rest of her scotch before she set her glass down and clapped her hands together. \"Okay, let's change the topic. It's Takota's 60th birthday and we will be hosting the tournament against Camp Adder.\" \"Adder? I think I've heard of them,\" Thora's eyebrows knitted together. \"Yeah, they gained popularity recently for integrating computer-based activities or some bullshit,\" Maxine said, \"It sounds like Jared's wet dream if you ask me.\" \"Nah, I'm pretty sure that would be a camp that is underground and surrounded by technology,\" Charlie leered. Max raised her empty glass to clink against Charlie's in a salute. \"So what does the tournament entail?\" Thora leaned forward, \"I don't remember there being anything like that when we were here as kids.\" \"It only happens, like, every ten years or something,\" Max explained, \"Or really, Sally only participated the camp in it when she felt like it. She felt that the competition was too bloodthirsty.\" \"And you have no problem with it?\" \"Are you kidding me? Takota is the best damn camp around! We need to show that,\" Max's blue eyes glittered, \"With Charlie here, we were able to add two new rounds. The campers who have been in her class and who have been adept at it are going to be our champs.\" \"I guess archery and fencing really took off, huh?\" Thora asked Charlie. Charlie rubbed the back of her neck, \"Uh, yeah. They did, but I think it also goes to Max a bit. She helped by adding a costume last year.\" Max patted Charlie's knee, \"No problem, kiddo. But I can only do so much, you really pull off tights well.\" Thora muffled her snort, \"Sorry, but I cannot see Charlie in tights.\" \"You should see the costume I got for her this year,\" Max laughed. Charlie laughed along and then froze, \"Wait, what?\" \"Nevermind, you'll find out soon enough,\" Maxine turned to face Thora, \"You said you got something for me?\" \"Yes,\" Thora leaned over and pulled up a black leather briefcase. She unzipped it and pulled out a pack of papers, \"I've got updates on Charlie's file here.\" \"Holy shit, is it large enough?\" Charlie reached over and flipped the pages. The file had to be at least several inches thick, \"And those are just the updates?\" \"Well, we've been keeping tags on your parents - there's an interview with them, by the way,\" Thora leafed through the papers and pulled out a couple that were stapled together. \"'How to Tell if Your Child is Worshipping Satan'?\" Charlie shouted, \"Sorry, but what the hell? If they even read a page of any of my books before they ruined them they would see that how they worship was stolen from what I believe!\" Charlie got up from her seat and began to pace, \"I just can't believe it. I knew my parents were pretty stiff in their ideas, but I thought they were a little open to reality.\" \"Hey Charlie? Before you wear a path in my office, you might want to read the section where they bash on your ex,\" Maxine skimmed over the article, \"I guess they didn't get the memo that you and your childhood friend broke up.\" \"'The fact that our daughter got caught up in witchcraft is the reason why she turned a great, young woman who we've all known for years into a lesbian. Poor Melanie was so confused, but she must have been a little curious as to why her friend was so entranced with it. That's how it gets you-' oh this is such horseshit,\" Charlie tossed the papers on Max's desk. Maxine picked them up and scanned the rest of the article, \"Boy, I had a feeling your parents were nuts, but this was beyond what I thought.\" \"There are also a few updates concerning Melanie in here,\" Thora patted the file after she set it on Maxine's desk, \"I've got to get going though. Do you have your time sheet?\" \"Yeah,\" Charlie walked over to Maxine's filing cabinet and pulled open the top drawer. She rifled through until she reached her file and took out her time sheet. Thora wrote the date and initialed it before she handed it back, \"I'll be back after the summer is over, blah blah blah, I know you aren't going anywhere but the bureaucrats are making me say this. You get it.\" Charlie smiled after she closed the drawer, \"Yeah, I got it.\" \"You're halfway there,\" Thora gave Charlie a big hug before she turned to Maxine to do the same for her, \"Thanks for the scotch Max, even though I don't like it.\" \"Well, I suppose whiskey is more fitting for a woman in a police uniform,\" Maxine returned the hug, \"Take care of yourself, and you can always visit, you know.\" \"Yeah, I don't expect my five years to end, and you never come by,\" Charlie slapped a hand on Thora's shoulder, \"Not every call has to be business.\" \"I know, it's just hard with Big Brother staring over your shoulder,\" Thora sighed, \"Can't let them think I'm giving you favoritism or anything.\" \"A.K.A. Treating me with respect,\" Charlie opened the door and walked out after Thora, \"I'll see you later Max, I'm going to go take me a nap.\" \"Okay, but remember, you won't get to do that when-\" \"-when the campers come, I know, I know,\" Charlie rolled her eyes. \"Make sure she doesn't let her camp pride take over too much,\" Thora laughed as she walked back to her car. \"I can't promise anything, but I'll try!\" Charlie yelled over her shoulder, \"See you around, Thora!\" \"See ya Charlie!\" \"Whoa, check out Thora's new digs,\" Charlie turned around to see Allison. \"Yeah, she's got a job as a correctional officer,\" Charlie explained, she sidestepped around Allison to head back to the cabin, \"I'm wiped. I'm going back to the cabin for a nap. See you later?\" \"Yeah, sure,\" Allison's eyebrows crumpled together as she looked from Thora's car when it departed. In the corner of her eye, a flash of red caught her attention. Allison looked to see Maxine in the window of her office, watching the exchange between her and Charlie. Allison rose her hand in a little wave and Max waved back, but her expression was still stern. Like a mother hen watching over her chick. Allison's eyebrows scrunched even closer together when she made her way to the garden sheds. Chet was next door in the repair hut, attempting to clean up, but it seemed more like a pile of anything that was in the hut was moved to the outside regardless if it needed to stay. \"Hey Allison,\" he nodded at Allison and dropped a pile of cardboard on top of the pile. \"Hey Chet,\" she replied and picked up a flattened box, \"Hey, do you think I could use this? It would make carrying the gardening tools over to the craft hut way easier.\" Chet sniffed and rubbed his hand under his nose before he shrugged, \"Sure.\" \"Thanks,\" Allison smiled and walked into the garden shed. She made sure the cardboard was bent down in the bottom to where it wouldn't fall out and drop its contents on her feet before she started to grab various tools from the wall. After she stepped out of the shed with the box in her arms, she turned to Chet, \"Hey, Chet? Was Maxine a little stressed this morning?\" Chet dropped an empty toolbox on the pile and threw a handful of tools on top before he stared off into the distance. Allison looked expectantly at him and she could almost hear the cogs twist, but not really connect in his head. \"Not that I can think of,\" he scratched his head under his hat, \"She's usually stressed around this time.\" Allison just nodded and said thanks when she walked back to the craft hut. Elise was there, putting up a banner to welcome back campers. Allison let the box thud down on the table, which created a series of clinks. Elise turned around at the sound and then went back to the banner when she saw it was Allison. \"Why do you look so grumpy?\" she asked, tying the string to hold the other side of the banner up. \"Has Max seemed a little more stressed lately? Like Charlie-wise?\" \"Max is always a little stressed when it comes to Charlie,\" Elise stepped back to admire her work, hands at her sides, \"She's like a mother hen after her little chick when it's first hatched.\" Allison nodded, \"Why is she like that toward Charlie? I mean, she's like that to us, but not to the extent she is with Charlie.\" \"Charlie's had a bit of a rough time when she first started out here. That's all I'm going to tell you because the rest is her business.\" Elise put a hand on Allison's shoulder and slightly shook it, \"I wouldn't worry too much about it. I'm sure Charlie will tell you when she feels ready, it took her about a month before she told me about it.\" Allison just nodded and went to sort the tools out after Elise left the hut. The three days went by quickly and thanks to Penny's added help, the camp was more than ready for the campers on drop-off day. Allison and Charlie worked most of their day in the kitchen and didn't talk much outside of what to prepare next and where something was in the kitchen if it was initially misplaced. By the time they were done with food, they almost couldn't walk back to the cabin at the end of the day from the exhaustion. By the time they got into the routine, Allison would leave the kitchen to go to her gardening class. Maxine checked the sign-in sheet to find that this summer was one of Takota's largest since she became the camp manager. She made sure the permission slips were sent to the parents for each kid who signed up for Charlie's archery and fencing classes. Not only were the slips necessary for liability issues, but it gave Maxine a way to show that Charlie was at the camp and the kids loved her to the legal system. Until they were sent back, Charlie wouldn't be able to start her activities, and it could take at least a month before they were in. Charlie was content with the time. It gave her a chance to hang out with Allison after they served meals and just talked. She couldn't remember the last time she had ever done that with someone she liked as much as she liked Allison. With Mel, there wasn't much discovery of each other outside of sex. Even when they were just friends, Mel wouldn't tell Charlie what was on her mind for the most part, and when they got together, Charlie would have to push Mel to tell her things and Charlie didn't personally like that. She also knew Mel would lie to her at times just so Charlie would leave her alone. Another month passed before Maxine gave Charlie the green light on her activities. Charlie would teach on Tuesdays and Thursdays right after breakfast was served. The girls who would show the best potential would work with Charlie after lunch two weeks before the tournament against Adder. After breakfast was served on the first Tuesday, Charlie slipped out and raced to get ready for her first archery class. Maxine had also personally radioed Charlie to tell her she needed to go to her cabin room and change into the new costume she put in there. When Charlie got into her room and saw the article of clothing her only response was, \"You've got to be joking, Max.\" ","Summary":" A/N: Hello everyone! Here is my contribution to the Trinity fandom. I would like to take the space "},{"Movie":"Battleship","Title":"I Will Always Love You","Author":"OCfanfiction100","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9287043","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Amelia Shane was not one for bars or clubs. She stayed away from trouble. She was a member of the US Navy and her father was Admiral Shane, she had to uphold an image. Her sister, Sam, on the other hand, decided to drag Amelia to the closest bar to grab a bite to eat. \"Why can't we just grab some McDonald's or something else,\" Amelia (Amy) complained. \"Because I want food now,\" Sam whined. \"You know, I'm only here because Stone had to spend his brother's birthday with him.\" Amy replied. Her fiancé, Stone Hopper, was a fellow Navy officer and in her father's eyes, was the best man to marry his oldest daughter. \"Ya, ya, ya are you done talking about your fiancé so we can go eat. As they entered the bar, both girls felt a handful of eyes cast their way. Amy really wished she wasn't wearing short shorts and a tank top and played with her dark brown hair that reached her upper back. They went straight up to the bar where Sam ordered a chicken burrito. Amy became bored and decided to look around the bar to see who was staring. Her sparkling, green eyes met those Stone Hopper, her fiancé who was out celebrating his brother's birthday. Alex, Stone's brother, had started flirting with Sam, so, Amy took this opportunity to slip away. \"Amy? That you?\" Stone chuckled. \"Ya, so this is where you brought your brother?\" Amy asked. Stone nodded and pecked her on the lips. \"So what brings you here?\" Stone asked Amy. \"Sam was hungry and this was the closest place,\" Amy sighed. Amy turned toward where she left her sister and saw Alex talking to Sam before rushing out the door. \"If I have to bail him out of jail I swear,\" Stone mumbled. \"It can't be that bad, I mean, he's only getting her food, right?\" Amy chuckled, hugging her fiancé. The police sirens that followed proved a different story. The whole bar rushed outside to see what was going on, only to see Alex get Tased. \"Okay, maybe it is bad.\" Amy looked over at her sister, who was holding a chicken burrito, and raised an eyebrow. \"Uh, see you tomorrow, Stone,\" Amy rushed, kissing him on the lips. \"You too, Amy,\" Stone stated before heading over to the police cruiser to bail his brother. Amy led Sam away from the mess and drove both of them straight home, and boy did they have to keep that incident from reaching their father's ears.[Chapter 2] Mr. and Mrs. Stone Hopper Amelia's P.O.V. It was seven months after the 'incident' at the bar and the wedding day was drawing closer and closer. It was actually tomorrow. Amelia and Stone decided to watch the sunset from the spot where they had met each other. Amelia sat in between Stone's legs, her back touching his chest and his chin on her shoulder. \"Can you believe that tomorrow we'll be married?\" Amelia asked softly. \"I know. Remember how we met, right here six years ago,\" Stone whispered into Amelia's ear. Flashback: A younger Amelia Shane sat next to her sister Sam watching her father drill the new recruits on the beach. Amelia had already been through basic training and was acting as a nurse if any of the recruits happened to get hurt, which had happened before. One recruit in particular caught her eye. Stone Hopper, the one recruit who wasn't complaining when out of ear shot of her father or breathing hard after jogging through the surf. \"Any recruits catch your eye?\" Sam teased. Amelia, who had been so engrossed in how the water cascaded down Stone's broad shoulders, replied with,\" What?\" Sam giggled and motioned toward a certain Navy recruit. \"Very funny Sam, you know that . . .\" \"Amelia! We need medical attention!\" Admiral Shane shouted. Amelia grabbed her medi-pack and rushed over to the group a few hundred feet away. She recognized the soldier on the ground was Stone Hopper. \"Did anyone see what happened?\" Amelia asked, beginning to look over Stone's body for any signs of injury. \"A tide came in and knock him down, shoulder first, ma'am.\" Amelia nodded and noticed Stone's right shoulder, it was dislocated. \"We're going to have to pop that back into place,\" Amelia stated. She ripped off a part of her shirt, rolled it up, and stuck in between Stone's teeth. \"It's so that you don't bite your tongue,\" Amelia replied to Stone's questioning glance. \"Okay, this is going to hurt. In 3 . . . 2 . . . 1,\" Amelia soothed before reattaching Stone's shoulder. Stone didn't scream of cry, but, there were tears in his eyes and he almost chewed through the fabric. Amelia removed the fabric and helped Stone stand up. End of Flashback \"I remember you started stuttering thank you after thank you when we got back to base,\" Amelia teased. \"Well, what was I supposed to do? I couldn't pass up the opportunity to talk with a pretty girl who helped me with my injuries,\" Stone smiled down at the love of his life. They shared a kiss with the stars as their witnesses. \"As cute as this is, I have to interrupt,\" a voice interjected. Amelia broke the kiss and stared up at Alex and Sam. \"Now don't give us that look, it's time for you bachelorette party,\" Sam smirked down at her older sister. Amelia got up, gave Stone a goodbye kiss, and left with Sam to her bachelorette party. Amelia's bachelorette party was held at Sam's house. As they pulled up, Amelia cautiously looked around. \"No strippers, right?\" Amelia asked, unsure. \"No strippers, Amelia, now let's have some fun!\" Sam dragged Amelia into the house and immediately handed her a shot. The group of girls at the party included Iris (Amelia's cousin), Riley (Amelia's best friend), Haylee (wife of Stone's best friend), and the sisters. \"So how do you feel?\" Haylee asked. \"Truthfully? I'm nervous that something's going to go wrong,\" Amelia admitted. \"You can worry about that tomorrow, have another shot!\" Iris giggled and handed Amelia another shot. \"Everything's set, right?\" Amelia asked, pushing away the shot. \"Relax, this is your last night of freedom, enjoy it, Amy,\" Sam chided. \"I guess you guys are right. So what are we going to do?\" Amy asked. \"Have fun!\" Riley cheered. The girls all cheered and clicked their glasses together. Stone's P.O.V. \"Remind me again why I allowed Hopper to plan my bachelor party,\" Stone sighed. Alex had proceeded to try to get Stone to go into a strip club, but, Stone refused. He and Amelia had made a deal that there would be no strippers at either of their parties. \"C'mon Stone, just one girl,\" Alex whined. \"No, Hopper.\" After a brief argument the group decided to go to the nearest bar, which happened to be the bar where Alex had been Tased a few months ago. \"Just brings back memories, doesn't it, Hopper?\" Flex, Stone's right hand man teased Hopper. \"Very funny.\" The group of five: Stone, Alex, Flex, John (Stone's cousin), and Arcee (Stone's friend), proceeded into the club and had a round of beers, talking about girls the whole night. The Next Day . . . Amelia's P.O.V. I woke up at seven o'clock sharp to Sam shaking me violently. \"Get up! Get up!\" she shouted in my ear. I shot up and instantly regretted it as the room started to spin. \"Come on, we have to start your hair.\" Amelia sat down in a chair while Sam and the girls did her hair and makeup, which Amelia found very uncomfortable. \"Do you think you could be a little more care-OW?\" Amelia groaned,\" You guys are going to rip out all of my hair!\" Amelia wasn't used to this, she just pulled her hair back into a tight bun for work every day. It took sometime but Amelia was finally ready for her wedding. Her hair had been curled and her bangs had been pulled back into a ponytail. Her dress was a trumpet gown with ruffles on the bottom and a little lace on the bodice. Amy had on three-inch heels, which she was pretty sure she was going to fall down in. All the bridesmaids were wearing navy blue knee-length dresses with white two-inch heels. A knock sounded at the door. Sam answered it and entered Admiral Shane, ready to give away his eldest daughter. The Navy men of the wedding decided to wear their uniforms, to save some money. Admiral Shane smiled and hugged Amy who hugged back fiercely. \"You look just like your mother did on our wedding day,\" Admiral Shane chocked out, tears coming to his eyes. \"I just wish was here to see all of this,\" Amy sighed, holding in the tears so her makeup, that Sam had redone five times, was not ruined. \"I know, but she's always looking down on us,\" Admiral Shane smiled. Amelia's mother had passed when she was sixteen, in a car crash where a drunk driver hit her car. \"But, let's focus on this happy moment. Besides, I've got something for you.\" He held out a necklace with an anchor charm on it. Amelia gasped,\" Mom's necklace.\" Admiral Shane put the necklace on her and smiled. \"She said she wanted me to give it to the girl who married a Navy man.\" \"We're ready!\" Sam called. Admiral Shane held out his arm for Amy and they walked in front of the double doors that would take them to the aisle. Amy took a deep breath as the doors opened. Stone's P.O.V. (One hour earlier) For the past hour Stone had been running around trying to make sure everything was okay and helping guests find their seats. It was a relatively small reception with fifty guests. He was currently talking with Amelia's Aunt Jasmine who was not impressed with Stone. \"So this is the man my niece is going to marry?\" she asked. Stone nodded. He looked around helplessly for any other person to talk with. \"Are you going to lead me to my seat or what?\" Jasmine had hissed. \"Yes ma'am,\" Stone replied, hastily. Even though the fifty-eight-year-old was around two feet shorter than him, Stone was terrified of her. After showing a grumbling Aunt Jasmine to her seat, Stone waited at the altar. The bridesmaids and groomsmen walked down with their respective partners with the ring bearer and flower girl stumbling behind them. Then, a certain bride took his breath away when she emerged from the door. Although her veil obstructed his view of her face, it was indeed his Amy. Amelia's P.O.V. I gripped my father's arm as I looked at Stone through the lace veil. He looked quite happy when I grew closer to him. We finally reached the altar where my father gave me away. I held Stone's hand and smiled up at him. Even though I was wearing heels I still was a head shorter than Stone. The ceremony continued and after we slid the rings onto each other's fingers the big question came up. \"Do you, Stone Hopper take Amelia Shane as your loftily wedded wife?\" \"I do,\" Stone replied. \"And do you, Amelia Shane take Stone Hopper as your loftily wedded husband?\" \"I do,\" I smiled. \"Then by the power vested in me, I pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride,\" the priest concluded. Stone lifted the veil off of my face and kiss me. I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed back. We pulled back and smiled at our cheering family and friends. \"I love you, Mrs. Stone Hopper,\" Stone whispered in my ear. \"And I love you, Mr. Stone Hopper,\" I replied, kissing my husband before we proceeded back down the aisle as husband and wife. A.N. Sorry it took so long, I had family stuff I had to take care of and a lot of drama to deal with. Thanks for everyone who l read this story. Thanks again and sorry it took so long to upload and write.[Chapter 3] Married Life Chapter 3 *Warning: This chapter contains a miscarriage, if you cannot handle this, please do not read this chapter that be mad at me for not warning you, because I'm doing it right now. Amelia's P.O.V. A month after our wedding, we were still in the process of moving into our home. I was busy in the kitchen putting dishes away while Stone was busy moving the furniture into the house. I had offered to help him but he insisted he could do it. I unwrapped some dishes that were to go onto the high shelves. After struggling to reach the shelf a pair of hands attached themselves to my waist and lifted me up so that I could put the dish away. I smiled and turned around to give Stone a quick peck on the lips. \"How did moving the furniture go?\" I asked. Stone laughed nervously,\" I might need some help,\" he sighed. I rolled my eyes and grabbed one end of the couch. We placed it in the living room before falling on top of it. I landed in Stone's lap and giggled as he started to play with my hair. \"Have I ever told you how lucky I am?\" I turned to look up at him,\" Every single morning of every single day,\" I smiled. We kissed, but, were rudely interrupted by a knock on the door. \"What could it be now?\" I whined. Stone smiled down at me, pecked my nose, and went to get the door. He came back holding a letter. \"It's from Dr. Janoski, the results!\" he quickly sat down next to me and ripped the letter open. I had gone to the doctor a week ago when my period had been late and my diet consisted of peanut butter and pickles to find out if I was pregnant. The letter read: \"Dear Mr. and Mrs. Stone Hopper, We are happy to inform you that according to the test results, you are indeed three weeks along with a healthy baby. -Dr. Janoski\" I gasped and happily hugged Stone. \"We're going to have a baby!\" I screamed in ecstasy. Stone picked me up and twirled me around. \"I'm going to be a daddy!\" Stone shouted. He smashed his lips onto mine and hugged me. \"Well, I know she'll be quite the lucky baby,\" I giggled. \"I'm sure he'll grow up to be just as strong as his mother.\" The little banter we had going continued throughout the rest of the day, both of us too stubborn to let up. Little did we know at the time that the happiness was not to last. One month later, when I went to my two month check up with Dr. Janoski with Stone we found out some terrible news. \"You two may want to sit down for this,\" he started. I grabbed Stone's hand as he told me the news. \"Mrs. Hopper, you miscarried.\" Stone's hand tightened around mine and I felt his tear on my hand. \"No, no, no, there has to be a mistake! The machine must be broken! My baby's not dead!\" I screamed. Stone hugged my fiercely and I pushed my face into his chest letting the tears out. \"I'm sorry,\" Dr. Janoski stated, but there was no way he had ever felt this way before. Everything became a blur, and when I finally regained control of my senses I was lying in bed. I got up and walked into the bathroom. My eyes were red and puffy, my skin pale, I had lost some pounds, and my hair looked like a bird's nest. I grabbed my bath robe and walked downstairs. When I got to the bottom I saw Stone talking to Hopper with Sam and my dad next to him. They all turned to look at me. Stone was the first to react, pulling me into a long hug. \"How long have I been out?\" I asked. \"A week,\" Sam sighed,\" you were like a corpse up there.\" I nodded and sat next to Stone, clutching to him for dear life. My dad reached across the coffee table and held my hand softly in his. \"It's going to be okay, Amy, you'll get through this,\" he soothed. \"Mom had a miscarriage too, but she kept trying for a baby. That's why we're both here today,\" Sam tried to reason. I smiled weakly and lay down on the couch. Hopper, Sam, and my dad left an hour later, leaving just Stone and I. He lifted my head and placed in his lap. \"Stone,\" I asked,\" did they, you know remov-\" \"-Yes,\" Stone cut me off from finishing. That was probably a good thing because I would have been reduced to a heaving, crying mess. I nodded and sighed. \"You know I still love you just as much as a month ago, Amy.\" I started to softly cry. \"Where did we go wrong, Stone?\" He soothed me and pushed my hair behind my head. \"We didn't do anything wrong, Amy. Don't beat yourself up about it,\" Stone calmly stated, though I could see he was also close to tears. \"But, our child was inside of me , and.\" I couldn't even finish the sentence. \"No, Amy. It's not your fault, okay. There was nothing you could have done, Lia.\" Lia was a nickname my mother called me when I was little. I gave the Stone the right after our first anniversary. My tears stopped and I hugged Stone fiercely. \"We can keep trying,\" he soothed. I pulled away and smiled at Stone. \"I love you.\" \"I love you too, Lia,\" he replied. We shared a kiss in the living room, on the same couch where we had found out that I was pregnant. A.N. This chapter made me sad but I wanted to show the love between Stone and Amy. Big announcement: now is the time to decide if Stone lives or dies. Review because I am too lazy to put up a poll. Thank you to everyone who encourages me to continue writing![Chapter 4] Alex Problems Chapter 4 A.N. Hi my lovely readers! Thanks for all the reviews! Remember there is still time to vote on Stone's fate. The score right now is 5-0; so far Stone's going to live. Thanks to Narsilia Lyanna Elendil, ks vamp girl, peace486, EmmyMK, and MistressoftheDark12 for sending in their votes! If you review before I post the next chapter I'll add you in too. Sorry if I misspelled your name or forgot to put you up, I am terrible at remembering things. Amy's P.O.V. It had been about four months since the incident happened. In that time, Stone and I tried to have another baby but then work got in the way and we didn't have time. That was awkward to say. Anyway, Sam and I were cheering on our men during the soccer game. I had wanted to participate in the game but I had splitting headaches. Stone was in goal and he was looking quite sexy with his hair stuck to his forehead like that. Wow, sorry, hormones have been out of control lately. Moving on, Hopper was about to score when he got smashed in the face, thanks to his favorite Japanese commander, Nagata. Hopper took a shot and missed, by a long shot. I walked onto the field and up to Stone. \"Good job in goal, babe,\" I smiled, hugging him. He hugged me back. \"How's your headache?\" Stone asked. \"Better. Come on, let's go home because you need a shower.\" Stone chuckled, wrapped his arm around my shoulders, and led me to the car after saying good bye to Hopper and Sam. The Next Day . . . Stone was called up to the podium to give a speech just as Sam and Hopper got here. My dad was sure going to love this. I was standing with the other head medics of the battleships. After Stone cut the cake, everybody broke form and mingled. I didn't want to eat any cake, unless everybody felt like watching me puke all over the deck and clean it up. I made my way over to Stone. \"Nice speech, Commander,\" I pecked his lips. Right when we were about to share another kiss, Hopper rushed over. \"Stone, I'm freaking out, dude,\" Hopper whined. Stone rolled his eyes and turned his attention to Hopper. \"I told you, just go march up to him and ask him.\" \"Trying to ask permission for Sam's hand?\" I asked. Hopper nodded. \"I'll go butter him up,\" I sighed. I walked over to Sam and my dad. \"Hey dad,\" I said hugging him. \"If you're trying to butter me up for Hopper, your sister already tried that.\" \"Yeah, well I'll just go now,\" I sighed. I saw my dad chuckle and shake his head. When I got back to Stone, Hopper was gone. \"Where did he go?\" \"I don't-\" \"Commander Stone, Lieutenant Amelia you might want to know about Hopper,\" Ord interrupted. The poor boy was always so formal or just flat out confusing. \"What has he done now?\" Stone sighed. \"Come on, it's not like they'll kick him out of the Navy, right?\" Ord opened his mouth, then closed it. Stone sighed, then stormed off to find his brother. I pinched the bridge of my nose in annoyance. \"He's never going to marry her now,\" I muttered to myself. I walked around the ship until I found Stone staring at the watering muttering to himself. \"You're muttering,\" I giggled. \"I don't mutter,\" he retorted. I smiled and rubbed his tense shoulders. After I felt the muscles relax under my fingers, Stone spoke. \"I don't know what to do anymore, Amy.\" I sighed and place a hand on his cheek so that he would look at me. \"Stone,\" I soothed quietly,\" don't worry about Hopper's problems. He's not a kid anymore, Stone.\" \"But, he's my little brother!\" Stone sighed raising his voice slightly. \"I know that Stone, I have a younger sister if you'd forgotton. But you have to let them grow on their own.\" \"But-\" \"But nothing. Stone, I know you care about your brother so much. But, I don't want to see you be dragged down with him.\" Stone sighed and pulled me in for a hug. \"I'm sorry for raising my voice at you.\" I hugged him back. \"It's okay, Stone-\" \"-No it's not, this is a problem between me and Alex, not you.\" I smiled and got on my tippy toes to give him a kiss. \"Can I make it up to you somehow?\" He whispered into my ear. I looked at him in the eye and said,\" Pray that any child of ours doesn't pick up on their Uncle Alex. I don't think I could handle being grey at forty.\" Stone smiled at my joke, kissed my head, and led me to the car. A.N. Don't forget to vote![Chapter 5] Chapter 5 Trouble Amy's P.O.V. Stone and I were supposed to be both aboard the Sampson but a last minute change was made because the chief medical officer aboard the John Paul Jones called in sick. Stone was far from happy when he heard. We both dealed with it. I was moved to the John Paul Jones instead. We set out at sunrise. \"Lieutenant Hopper, we're ten minutes from getting out of range,\" my assistant told me. \"Thanks, Pam.\" I went over to the phone in the wall and dialed Stone's cell phone. \"Hi, sweetheart. How are you feeling?\" Stone picked up. \"My headaches stopped and I'm feeling better. And you?\" \"Missing you.\" \"That was really cheesy, you know that right?\" I laughed. \"I know. But, sweetheart are you really okay? You weren't feeling good yesterday.\" \"I'm fine,\" I insisted,\" but, you should be more worried about your brother,\" I warned. \"I love you,\" he sighed. \"I love you too, just don't stress out about me. Last time they almost had to tie you to the captain's chair after you found out I stubbed my toe.\" He chuckled. \"Just don't do anything that'll exert yourself too mu-\" The line went dead and we were out of range. I sighed and hanged up the phone. Stone's P.O.V. \"Just don't do anything that'll exert yourself too much,\" I said as the line went dead. I sighed and put away my phone. I could tell the crew was listening on the whole conversation but I could care less. I was more worried about me wife than my crew laughing at my conversations. \"Sir, there's something in the horizon,\" one of the lookouts told me. I got up and looked outside. \"What is it?\" I asked. \"Unknown, sir. We've never seen something like this before. But, it's making surface contact.\" I stared at it. \"Get a team out there,\" I ordered. Alex and two other officers that I didn't know the names of road out to the . . . structure. And of course my brother had to go up and touch it. \"Get out of there, Alex,\" I prayed. He got thrown back and I tensed. The thing was moving. Two rays shot up out of it towards the sky and broke the glass. Then, four things shot up out of the water. They looked like some kind of mechanical bugs. And of course, Alex had to head over there and shoot them. \"All engines ahead,\" I ordered. I swear to god, if Alex- \"Sir, we lost radar. We can't lock on the target,\" an officer stated. Alex was still going around shooting at it, but, then the thing started firing back. \"Fire!\" I ordered. I rushed to see what was going on, to see if I still had a little brother. The thing was hit but then it fired bombs at us. Most of them were hit before they could do any damage but one hit the deck. \"We're hit!\" The bomb exploded. Amelia's P.O.V. The ship was rocking violently. I had to hold onto the shelves that were attached to the ship to stay on my feet. \"Lieutenant, get up to the deck, your running this show now!\" Petty Officer Johnson shouted. I nodded and ran up to the deck as fast as I could without falling down. As I got outside I saw the Sampson, it wasn't in such good shape. I stopped and looked towards the command center. \"Please let Stone be okay,\" I prayed. Then, tragedy. The aliens as I learned from the officers running around had shot bombs at the Sampson. I looked at the Sampson. Our ships were close enough that I could see a figure with blonde hair on the deck. \"STONE!\" I screamed as the ship exploded. No, no, no. He's okay, right? I didn't stick around long enough to determine that, I was too busy trying to get to the command center. \"Sir!\" the surviving officers soluted. I ignored them,\" Are there any survivors?\" I asked. Please, please, let Stone live. \"Yes sir, but I can't pick up the amount.\" \"Get rescue squads out there now, I want every single survivor on this ship, now!\" As the crew dispatched, I stared at the wreckage of the Sampson. Tears sprung to my eyes as I saw how disfigured it looked. I ran down to the deck to supervise the rescue crews coming back. Okay, that's a lie. I ran down to see in my husband had survived, because I don't think I would recover from depression if he didn't. I barely made it through the miscarriage. This would push me over the edge. \"AMELIA!\" A.N. That's where I leave off this chapter, cliffhanger. Shout out to Chanel, ILuvOdie, Selen13xD, and CrazyAlternateUniverse for submitting their votes and everyone who had favorited, reviewed, etc. it really means a lot. Sorry if I forgot your name or spelled it wrong, I am horrible at remembering things and I can be quite lazy. Once again thanks, sorry if it is really short, my charger broke so, I'm working on limited battery.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 Stone? Stone's P.O.V. Five minutes ago . . . I ran out onto the deck after we sustained another hit. I stared at the unknown machines that were destroying my ship and more importantly, the ship my wife was currently on. The machine fired more of the bottle-shaped bombs into the Sampson . But, instead of one or two, this time there had to be at least a dozen bombs imbedded into the ship. I stared at the John Paul Jones and prayed to God that Amy was okay. My eyes found a lone figure on the deck of the John Paul Jones as the bombs exploded in sync. I was flung overboard from the force of the explosion, headfirst. I tried to right myself so that I landed feet first, but, my shoulder, the one I had dislocated all those years ago, hit the side of the ship. I screamed in pain as I heard a clear snap and felt warm blood stain my uniform. I hit the water on my uninjured side, thank God. I tried to focus to get back to the surface, my shoulder screaming in pain. As I broke the surface of the water, I looked around at my surroundings. I was about 100 feet away from the wreckage. \"Think Stone, c'mon!\" I muttered to myself. \"Think, think, think! I won't be able to swim to the life raft and I won't be able to tread water forever.\" I thought. Then, I remembered all the safety stuff they had gone over every day at the academy. I righted myself so that I was floating on my back. \"Now what?\" I thought,\" If I don't get out of the water in five minutes, I'm sure a shark will be eating me for dinner.\" I heard a motorized boat and turned my head to see Alex's boat roaming the water. \"STONE!\" Alex shouted. \"Alex, I'm over here!\" I shouted. \"Stone?\" I saw the boat come alongside me and Alex reaching for me. \"Grab my hand with your uninjured arm and I'll pull you in,\" Alex stated. I reached my arm out and felt Alex pull me in. \"Push it Beast!\" Alex pulled me into an awkward hug, due to the fact that one on my shoulders was bleeding profusely and I was starting to see stars. \"Stone, Stone listen to me. Stay with me!\" Alex shouted. I saw tunnel vision and tried to ignore the throbbing in my shoulder. Then everything went black. Amy's P.O.V. \"AMELIA!\" I heard someone shout at me. I ran toward the voice, dodging others standing around on the deck before I saw Alex and Beast carrying a figure out of a boat. Wait . . . Stone! He was alive! \"Amy, his shoulder's really screwed up,\" Alex told me. I looked at his shoulder, the one he had dislocated, where a few pieces of cloth were trying to stop the bleeding. I looked to see other officers standing around. \"Help him,\" I ordered,\" and place him on a bed down in the med-bay.\" Alex walked to follow the men but I stopped him. \"You're running this ship now, Hopper.\" I ordered. \"But-\" \"No buts, Hopper. You and I are the highest ranking officers fully operational, and I'm needed in the med-bay.\" With that I started to run towards the med-bay but Alex stopped me. \"Please, don't let him die,\" he whispered. I looked up at Alex,\" I wouldn't dream of it.\" By the time I got down to the med-bay, they had stopped the bleeding and cleaned up Stone's smaller cuts on his face. I sighed and talked with the nurse who was currently looking at some x-rays. \"How is he?\" I asked. \"He broke his collarbone, broke his shoulder, and has a high amount of tissue damage.\" I sucked in a breath,\" I'll get him bandaged up immediately.\" I grabbed some bandages and gauze and wrapped up his shoulder with the resources we had. By the time I had successfully placed his arm into a sling. I noticed Stone's eyes had met mine. I placed my hand onto his cheek and rubbed circles with my thumb. \"Amelia . . .\" he whispered. I looked him in the eyes and felt my own filling with tears. I kissed his forehead before cradling his head in mine, letting a few tears fall. I felt his free arm on my back, pulling me into a hug. We just sat there for a minute, forgetting the chaos and terror that filled the air around us. He pecked my lips,\" Go tend to the other wounded, I'll be fine.\" As much as I didn't want to leave, I moved onto the next patient after giving his some pain reliever. By the time everyone in the med-bay was in stable condition, Alex had come and was talking with Stone. As I walked over, I saw Stone trying to sit up. If he did that, he could easily reopen the wounds. I gently pushed his chest back down. \"Amy. I. Have. To. Get. Up,\" he struggled. If he wasn't injured, he could have easily overpowered me. \"Stone, if you get back up, you'll reopen the wounds.\" \"But-\" \"No buts, even though you are at a more senior position, as my patient I override any of your orders. You are staying right here, got it?\" I ordered. Stone sighed but stopped struggling and Alex left. I looked down at Stone and my stern look melted away. I kissed him, and he kissed back. I broke off the kiss,\" Let me change, first. Stay. Put.\" Stone rolled his eyes but muttered a yes. I kissed his nose and walked toward the locker room. I opened my locker and grabbed a fresh uniform. After quickly changing, I closed my locker which opened the locker next to me. This always happens because all the doors are broken. Luckily, nothing is usually stolen. Anyways, I picked up the box that had fallen out of the locker. \"Tampons,\" I muttered. I placed the box back into the locker and was about to shut it when I realized something. \"I'm late,\" I gasped,\" two weeks late.\" I shut the locker and passed the floor length mirror in the locker room. I lifted my shirt and stared at my abdomen. Was I pregnant? A.N. Another cliff hanger! Stone lives because nobody said he should die! Thanks again to everyone who favorited the story, reviewed, and put this on their alert subscription. And especially thanks to anybody who favortied me. Do you think Amy's pregnant? Read to find out. THANKS AGAIN![Chapter 7] Chapter 7 Focus Amelia's P.O.V. I stared at my reflection in the mirror. \"Focus Azalea, focus,\" I breathed. I thought back to the last time Stone and I had been intimate. \"About a month ago,\" I gasped. I sat down on the bench and put my face in my hands. \"What if it's another miscarriage?\" I sighed. I didn't think I would be able to cope with another miscarriage. Would Stone leave her? \"No, Amy come on, think straight here,\" I muttered. I knew Stone wouldn't leave me for that but I couldn't help it. \"I'll keep this a secret, if it's another miscarriage I'll suffer in silence,\" I decided. Stone was still hurting from the last one and I knew he always wanted a little boy. I was about to get up when the ship shook dangerously. I held tightly onto the bench as the ship shook again. I swore loudly as the locker beside me opened and smacked my arm. The ship stopped shaking and I slowly got up. I walked back to the med-bay and saw Stone still on his cot, like he promised. \"Come on, Amy!\" I shouted at myself. I shook my head as I made my way over to his cot. \"You okay,\" he asked as I shakily sat down in the chair next to him. \"I'm fine, just got a little tossed around,\" I stated. Hopper entered the med-bay and made his way over to Stone and I. \"How long until he's okay to walk around?\" Hopper asked. \"I was just about to check his wounds, I'll have your answer in a few minutes.\" I slowly removed the gauze from Stone's shoulder. It was all purple and bloody but it could have been worse, he could have lost his whole arm. I dabbed the cuts while Stone hissed under me. After all the blood was watched away, I inspected his stitches. \"He seems just fine, but let me rewrap your shoulder,\" I sighed. I really didn't want him up and about but he was as good as he was going to get without a fully equipped hospital. After I wrapped his shoulder and put his arm back in a sling, Hopper and I helped him up. \"I swear to God, if you hurt yourself again Stone Hopper . . .\" \"I'll be fine, don't worry about me,\" Stone soothed. Still not convinced, I stood right beside him and helped him up to the command center. He sat in a chair, me taking the one right next to him. As Hopper and Stone talked about what to do next, I couldn't help but think about the baby. Flashback Stone and I sat in the park a few minutes away from our home, on the swings. My feet trailed through the sand below the swing. \"I think we should try again, soon,\" I said, looking up into his eyes. It had been only about a week after the miscarriage and I was still not back to my normal self. Stone sighed and grabbed my hand in his larger ones. \"We have all the time in the world to try again, maybe we should wait a little longer,\" Stone soothed. My shoulders sagged. \"I know it's just. I can't help it, Stone. I've wanted to be a mother ever since Sam was born,\" I let a tear slip from my eye. I felt Stone's thumb wipe it away. He placed me in his lap and hugged me. \"You know, I Will Always Love You and as long as we can, we'll try for a baby,\" he mumbled into my hair. I chuckled at his choice of words. \"What?\" he asked. \"At our wedding, the song we danced to was I Will Always Love You , remember?\" He placed his chin on my head and our hands interlocked. I stood up and pulled him up with me. I led him to a clearing in the park. There was nobody else there, due to the time. I placed his hands on my hips and my arms on his broad shoulders. We started to sway. \"If I should stay, I would only be in your way,\" I sang softly. \"So I'll go but I know, I'll think of you every step of the way,\" he sang back. \"And I will always love you, ooh. I will always love you, you my darling you,\" we sang together. Stone twirled me just like he had done on our wedding day. I giggled as we sang, with only the moon as our witness. \"Bittersweet memories, that is all I'm taking with me,\" I sang. \"So good-bye, please don't cry,\" Stone sang into my hair. \"We both know I'm not what you, you need,\" I sang. \"And I will always love you, I will always love you. You, ooh,\" we sang. \"I hope life treats you kind, and I hope you have all you've dreamed of,\" Stone sung quietly. \"And I wish you joy and happiness, but above all this I wish you love,\" I answered. \"And I will always love you,\" we repeated, again and again. We just stood there and held each other. Even though the story was about leaving someone you loved, it was still our song. End of Flashback A.N. Hi, everybody. Sorry it took so long to get the new chapter up but I was working on the other story I have on Fanfiction. It's Kingdom Keepers, so if you know what that is, can you please check it out? I've had a little problem because I have a little writer's block as to get to the time when all the aliens are all finished. All requests as taken into account and I will think about it. Thanks again![Chapter 8] Chapter 8 Out With a Boom Amelia's P.O.V. Apparently, the shaking had been due to some aliens that we had the pleasure of destroying. Some had gotten on the ship but they had taken care of them. A lot happens when you're stuck below deck the whole day. Anyways, we had just arrived at the island to blow up the towers. The aliens were going to use them to call in others. They had wanted everyone ready for evacuation. I held Stone's hand as we rounded the corner, a ship waiting for us. It looked like a wasp choosing who to sting. I sat in front of the radar, which was still not the least bit operational. The machine looked at us and it started to move. Ever seen a battleship shooting two hundred rounds a minute? It's pretty cool, as long as you're not on the tail end of all of that. We were sustaining hit after hit. The ship was rocking violently when we got the call. \"ABANDON SHIP!\" Everyone scrambled to get a life vest on and get to one of the life rafts. Stone pushed me in front of him and we hurried to get into the water. Stone's bandages would have to be replaced but it didn't matter, as long as we were safe. By the time we got to the deck, the \"shredders\" had arrived. I jumped first and helped Stone into one of the life rafts. Hopper and Nagata surfaced a few seconds later and I helped Hopper in. \"We're not giving up,\" Hopper stated. \"How? We don't even have a ship?\" I sighed. Hopper smiled and Stone sighed. Hopper wanted to use the Missouri, the same ship the RIMPAC ceremony was at just a few days ago. Beast had inspected the engine and the results were not good. As Beast was listing off the problems with the ship, I noticed a bunch of veterans walking towards us. I tapped Hopper on the shoulder and nodded towards the group of veterans making their way over to us. \"You have all gave more than what was asked of you, and no one should have to ask any more of you, but I'm asking,\" Hopper stated. \"And what would that be?\" asked the lead veteran. \"We're going to need to borrow your ship.\" */*/*/*/* Stone and I stood next to Ord as we got orders from the two veterans in front of us. I stood in front of the gauges that would tell me how the ship was running. We quickly left the harbor and rounded on the aliens. Hopper asked Raikes to move the guns away from the aliens. \"What the hell is he doing?\" one veteran asked, whose name I later learned was John Williams. \"He's losing his mind all over again,\" Ord muttered. Stone and I shared a look, there was a good chance that neither of us would once again return to land, and Hopper wasn't helping the odds. We pulled up along the ship; it proceeded to fire those bottle-like explosives. \"DROP THE ANCHOR!\" Hopper ordered. I shared a look with Ord. \"DROP IT!\" I yanked the lever back. The explosives missed us and we swung around so that the guns were facing the bastards. \"Let's drop some lead on the mother-\" \"FIRE!\" Hopper interrupted. (This was my favorite part of the movie ;) Let's just say it was fun to watch those bastards get blown to bits. When the aliens were down we focused on destroying the towers that had gotten us into this mess. The boys had to lug the bomb about 100 feet to the other gun. Stone of course was not a part of that team. Raikes positioned the gun and Hopper was about to give the order when the aliens shot the \"shredders\" as I like to call them. You know, the balls of blades that can cut through anything. Anyway, the shredders were heading straight for us. \"Fire,\" Hopper ordered. The bomb went towards the towers and the shredders headed towards us. Stone and I held onto each other as we waited for the inevitable. \"Stone, I have something to tell you,\" I sighed. Stone looked down at me as the shredders got closer. \"I'm p-\" A \"boom\" cut off my statement. I stared out the window and saw the Air Force! They had destroyed the shredders and were in the process of making sure that aliens were in fact all dead. We all jumped up and down in victory as we headed back to the bay. Two weeks later . . . It had been two weeks since the incidents on the waters of the Pacific. I still hadn't told Stone that I was pregnant. Speaking of Stone, he had gone to a hospital when we got back and had surgery. His arm still had to be in a sling. Moving on, today was the ceremony for the battle. There was a gun salute for the men and women we had lost before my dad took the stand. \"I would now like to award those men and women who had gone above the call of duty.\" He had called up Raikes, Ord, Beast, Mack (Sam's patient), Nagata, and me. Stone and Alex stood on the other side of the stage. Stone received his hero award and stood beside me. Though, Alex stole the show by snagging the highest award there. I hope this boosts his chances in marrying my sister because if that didn't, I didn't know what would. We all posed for pictures until I quietly excused myself. I had stopped by a drug store while Stone was asleep last night and gotten some tests. I grabbed the bag and went into the closest bathroom. I locked the door and peed on the sticks. I carefully placed them on the sink and waited for the tests to finish. I beeping sound a few minutes later alerted me to the test results. I had taken five tests. First test: Positive Second test: Positive Third test: Positive Fourth test: Positive Fifth test: Positive I smiled and carefully concealed them in my purse. I unlocked the door and stepped back outside. \"What were you doing in there?\" a voice said from behind me. I nearly jumped a mile high before turning around to face my husband, who was leaning against the wall. I'm Busted. Stone's P.O.V. Amy had been gone for over five minutes and I was getting concerned. I slipped away from everyone else and headed to the bathroom. I could hear Amy muttering to herself inside, so I waited patiently by the door. \"What were you doing in there?\" I asked as she can out, not noticing me. She jumped nearly a mile in the air before turning around to face me. She chuckled nervously and scratched the back of her neck. She then sighed and motioned for me to join her on a nearby bench. I sat down next to her and waited for her to speak. \"While we were on the ship, I had a suspicion that I could possibly, maybe, have a chance at being pregnant. I just took a few tests and . . . well . . . I'm pregnant.\" My eyes widened and I stared at her in shock. He had another chance at being a father. He pulled her into a hug and felt tears come to his eyes. He was going to be a father, again. Amy's P.O.V. As Stone pulled me into a hug I couldn't help but feel guilty. I had kept this from his for two weeks. \"Why are you crying?\" he asked, smiling down at me. \"I'm sorry I kept this from you, I was just a little scared,\" I sighed. Stone smiled at me. \"I love you, Amy. And I love our child you are carrying right now. I promise you that as long as I am living and breathing, you will have to worry about nothing at all. I smiled back and kissed Stone. Thank God he's in my life. A.N. Sorry it's a filler, but I had a severe case of writer's block. Next chapter's about her pregnancy up until she goes into labor. Will it be a boy? Will it be a girl? Will there be multiple babies? Stay tuned! Thanks to all the reviewers out there![Chapter 9] Chapter 9 The Woes of Pregnancy Amelia's P.O.V. About three days after the ceremony, Stone and I headed to the OBG/YN office to see if I was indeed pregnant. We sat in the waiting room patiently until the doctor called us in. I laid down on the bed as the doctor put the jelly on my belly. The doctor then placed a stick on my belly and moved it around for a few minutes. \"Mr. and Mrs. Hopper, it seems like you'll be parents in eight months. There's your baby right now,\" he said, pointing at the small circle at the center of the screen. He printed off three copies of the ultra sound. \"Now, Mrs. Hopper, you'll have to come back in two months, okay?\" I nodded and we left after making another appointment. Stone kissed the top of my head as we climbed into the car. The next two months consisted of me mostly barfing into a toilet. It was the morning of my next appointment. I got up and quickly headed to the toilet. I heard Stone come in after me and hold my hair back. \"It's okay Amy, I'm sure the doctor will know what's going on,\" he soothed. I got up, brushed my teeth, and got ready for my appointment. I was shaking in the car, the last three month appointment I had had, I found out I was not going to be a mother. Stone seemed not notice because he was rubbing the back of my hand with his thumb. \"It'll be okay, sweetheart,\" he soothed. I kissed his cheek as we entered the doctor's office. I found myself lying on the bed with jelly on my belly. The doctor looked around with the stick again. \"Congratulations, Mr. and Mrs. Hopper, you have a healthy little baby, do you want the gender?\" he asked. Stone looked at me. \"I'll think we'll wait,\" I answered. The doctor nodded and printed off copies of the ultrasound. When we got back, we decided that we would invite everyone over for dinner tomorrow to tell them the news. Sam and Hopper came, since my dad had some admiral business to attend to. \"So, what did you have to tell us?\" Sam asked, eating her pasta. I took and sip of water and shared a look with Stone. \"Well, I'm pregnant!\" I laughed. Sam smiled and jumped up and gave me a hug. \"That's wonderful!\" Sam squealed. We had told my dad when he came over for dinner and he was also ecstatic. Stone had to go back to work so I would be alone in the house until he came back every night. Stone had signed up to take on the new recruits so that there was little chance that he would be away when the baby was born. At the four month mark, Sam and I had the task of choosing which color to paint the baby's room. We didn't want to get any furniture because we had yet to have a baby shower. We picked out a light green and painted the room. Sam did all the work on the ladder. I simply handed her more paint when she ran out. I had to step up one step to hand her the paint and Stone had chosen that moment to walk in. He looked like he was about to have a heart attack when he saw me, one step up on a ladder. \"What are you doing on a ladder? You could hurt yourself or the baby . . .\" Stone rambled on. \"Stone, I'm fine, I just stepped on that one step, it won't happen again,\" I soothed. He sighed and nodded. Sam and I had finished the first coat and Stone was going to do the second one tomorrow. After that incident, Stone had this 'protective mode' where he would go on rants about being safe. As the fifth month mark rolled around everyone could easily tell I was pregnant. Since none of my shirts no longer fit, I had been wearing Stone's for the past week. So, Sam decided to take me out shopping for maternity clothing. \"What about this one?\" Sam asked, holding up a pink frilly top. I wrinkled my nose. \"Fine, let's just get you some shorts and t-shirts.\" I paid for the clothes and we decided to stop for coffee. Well, Sam had coffee, I just had water. \"So have you thought about a baby shower any time soon?\" Sam asked. \"Probably in a month or two, I don't really want a big party,\" I shrugged. Sam took a sip of her coffee. \"You know I could come over on weekends and we could put something together,\" Sam smiled. She was always the more outgoing of the two of us. I sighed but said okay. Sam drove me back home. I thanked her and put away my clothes before I started to make dinner. I dropped the measuring cup on the floor. I reached down to grab it, but my belly got in the way. I moved my feet further apart and tried to reach it again, closing my eyes in concentration. I heard the door open and Stone's footsteps heading towards the kitchen. \"What are you doing?\" he asked. I got up and sighed. \"I dropped the measuring cup when I was making dinner.\" \"You know I'm sure we can ask someone to stay here with you during the day to help you,\" Stone replied reaching behind me to try to steal a piece of chicken. I smacked his hand with a nearby spatula. \"Don't touch that! And I don't need any help and I can prove it,\" I crossed my arms over my chest. \"Really? Then pick up the cup,\" he said, motioning towards the measuring cup still on the ground. I leaned down again. I couldn't reach it so I squatted farther. I could hear Stone moving behind me and I finally reached the cup. I straightened up, smirking until I realized the smirk on my husband's face. \"You pushed the cup, didn't you?\" I accused. Stone smirked, heading upstairs to change. I growled and went back to cooking dinner. The sixth month came around and I headed into my checkup. Sam was taking me because Stone had a meeting all day long. The checkup went fine, the baby was developing normally and on schedule. Sam, instead of dropping me off at my house, drove to her house. \"Why are we stopping here?\" I asked. \"You'll see,\" she replied. I followed her inside and when she turned the light on, people jumped out and screamed surprise. I laughed and hugged everyone who had shown up: Iris, Riley, Haley, and a few family members that had been at my wedding. The shower went great and I got some great gifts including a crib, bassinet, stroller, car seat, changing table, and some bottles and clothes. All unisex of course. Sam loaded everything into her car and left them in the living room. She had offered to help set everything up but I knew Stone would want to put them together himself. That night, after we ate dinner, Stone started to put the crib together. \"Stone, that doesn't look right,\" I commented looking at the picture on the box. Stone was muttering to himself about following instructions. We did get the crib together, on the third try. The seventh month came by and I was bigger than ever and Stone was more worried than before. I had agreed to have Haylee stay with me during the day. She had a one year old girl and it gave me a chance to practice being a mother. \"So how's the cravings been?\" Haylee asked, holding her daughter, Abby. \"Well, they've been okay. I would have eaten a whole tub of rocky road ice cream if Stone hadn't been there next to me,\" I shrugged. \"So have you thought of any baby names?\" Haylee asked, handing me Abby. \"Terrence Stone Hopper if the baby's a boy and Ellen Astrid Hopper if the baby's a girl,\" I stated. When Stone came home Haylee and Abby left. At the eighth month mark, I found myself at a surprise party for Sam. Hopper was going to propose after finally getting my dad's approval. I was showing an awful lot and my feet were swollen severely. When Sam walked inside after work, Hopper got down on one knee. She said yes. Everyone cheered as they kissed. Sam came over to hug me when I felt a sharp pain in my abdomen. I gasped as liquid rolled down my legs. \"What's wrong?\" Stone immediately joined my side. \"The baby's coming!\" I cried. Stone picked me up, bridal style. Sam, Hopper, and my dad came rushing over as I felt more pain. Stone placed me in the back seat, Sam and my dad on both of my sides, and drove off with Hopper muttering directions to the nearest hospital. I held onto my dad and Sam's as another contraction came around. Hopper was talking on the phone, telling the hospital to have a room ready for me. We pulled up to the hospital and Stone carried me inside until I was placed into a wheel chair and pushed to the maternity ward.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 The Baby Stone's P.O.V. When they got Amy settled into her room, a doctor came in. She was Dr. Williams and she stood and waited to see how long the contractions were and how far apart they were. According to her, Amy had another ten hours at least until the baby was ready to be born. When the doctor left, another contraction came. Amy squeezed my hand, hard. \"Stone, what if something's wrong with the baby? This wasn't supposed to happen for another month,\" Amy cried. \"Everything will be fine, if what Dr. Williams says is correct, the baby will just be a little smaller and have to stay in the hospital for a few extra days,\" I soothed. On the outside I was calm. On the inside, not so much. Amy rubbed her belly. \"You have quite the timing skills,\" she muttered. Admiral Shane came in. \"Sam and Hopper went back to the party to sort everything out, they'll be back in an hour or two,\" he said. \"That's fine, I've still got ten hours left,\" Amy shrugged. She yawned. \"Maybe you should get some sleep,\" I stated. Amy nodded and shifted onto her side and fell asleep. I moved her hair out of her face and planted a kiss on her temple. \"How are you feeling?\" Admiral Shane asked, sitting in the chair on the other side of Amy's bed. \"Scared and nervous,\" Stone admitted, watching Amy sleep silently. \"I was too, the first time. Amy was so late that they had to make her mother have her. I was worried something was wrong with her,\" Admiral Shane explained. Stone nodded and the two men: one already a father and one about to be one, shared an understanding. Ten Hours Later . . . \"STONE GREGORY HOPPER, THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT!\" Amy screamed. She was in the middle of labor and was not in the best of moods. I just nodded, the nurse had informed me that I shouldn't take insults she says while in labor to heart. \"Mrs. Hopper, push again,\" the doctor ordered. She clenched my hand in pain, and I was secretly afraid she would break my hand. She gasped and gripped the railing on the other side, tightly. \"Just one more push!\" Amy screamed, leaning forward. A baby's cry interrupted her screams of pain. She leaned backwards, sweat drenched, and motioned for me to go over to our new baby. \"Would you like to cut the cord?\" I nodded and grabbed the scissors they handed me. I cut the cord as they instructed and looked at my . . . son. The nurse handed me my cleaned up son. I walked very carefully over to Amy, who was waiting patiently. \"We have a son,\" I smiled, actual tears falling out of my eyes. I handed our son to Amy who held him to her chest. \"Our little boy,\" she sniffed,\" Terrence Stone Hopper.\" Amy's P.O.V. They took Terry away to get his shots and to be checked out. \"Hi,\" Sam entered the hospital room with my dad and Hopper in tow. \"Congratulations, so a girl or boy?\" she asked, taking a seat next to me. \"It's a little boy and his name is Terrence Stone Hopper,\" I stated. My dad placed a hand on Stone's shoulder. Terrence was actually my dad's name. We had named Terry after my dad. He smiled at me and nodded in thanks. \"Here's the baby,\" a nurse said, pushing the cart that Terry was in,\" and he's perfectly healthy.\" She handed the baby to Amy. Terry opened his eyes for the first time, his eyes identical to his father's. Terry had a tuft of blond hair on his head. He let out a little cry as he stretched. Amy smiled down at him before passing him around the room. \"By the way, what time is it?\" Amy asked, trying to control her hair. \"Almost midnight,\" Stone stated, looking at his watch. A half an hour later, Sam, Hopper, and Admiral Shane left. \"I think I'm going to sleep,\" Amy said, yawning deeply. I nodded and watched her fall asleep as I rocked Terry. I looked down at my son. He was awake though he hadn't cried for more than a few minutes yet. \"You made mommy tired,\" I whispered. His tongue was hanging out and his little fists were on either side of his chin. \"Just wait, before you know it you'll be talking and walking. I'll teach you everything I know about cars and fishing. Just don't come to me for girl advice because I still don't know how I was the lucky guy to get your mother.\" Terry started to cry softly and I could tell he was hungry. \"Can you wait until mommy wakes up, she deserves her sleep,\" I told him. Amy's P.O.V. I was awake when Stone was talking to Terry. \"Just don't come to me for girl advice because I still don't know how I was the lucky guy to get your mother,\" Stone said sincerely. I smiled until Terry started to cry, maternal instincts you know. \"I'll take him,\" I said, stretching out. Stone handed me Terry. I breastfed Terry until he fell asleep. */*/*/*/* Five days later, Terry and I were finally released from the hospital. Stone had installed the car seat and had triple checked it. I placed Terry in his car seat and sat next to him. It was a fifteen minute drive to the house from the hospital, though it took us about a half an hour because Stone was driving half the speed limit. We were reminded several times by honking horns and the occasional swear or middle finger. I was just happy that Terry was asleep the whole time, I didn't need my five-day-old son already knowing the f-word. As we pulled up to the house, Terry woke up, demanding attention. We walked inside the house and got Terry settled into his room. \"Welcome home, Terry, welcome home,\" Stone smiled down at our active son, who wouldn't stop moving, even when I was breastfeeding him or changing his diaper. A.N. It's a boy! Next chapter is the epilogue and the last chapter for this story, I'm so sad! Thanks to everyone who read this story and an even bigger thanks to everybody who favorited, reviewed, and/or followed me and/or this story.[Chapter 11] Chapter 11 Epilogue Eight Years Later . . . Third Person's P.O.V. The Hopper family had grown. Amelia and Stone had another son two years later named Jake Stone Hopper. Three years after that, Amy had another child, this time a girl named Anna Ellen Hopper. The family sat on the beach by their home. \"Dad, can you take us out surfing?\" Jake asked. He was dragging a surfboard at least three times his size. \"Yeah Dad, can you take us surfing?\" Terry asked. Stone got up from the sand where he and his wife had been making a sand castle with their daughter. \"Okay, okay, I'm coming, I'm coming,\" Stone said, grabbing a surfboard lying on the sand. Amy watched her sons with their father, smiling widely. \"Mama, can you get me shell?\" Anna asked, looking up at her mother with her big blue eyes. \"Of course, just stay right here, and don't go near the water,\" Amy ordered, sternly. Since Jake's birth, she had retired from the Navy and had gotten a job at a nearby hospital as a nurse. Amy walked over to the shore and picked up a shell when the wave came in. She saw Terry get up on the surfboard and ride into the shore. He was laughing all the way. When he finished riding his wave, he placed the surfboard down and went to go help his sister build her castle. Amy gave him the shell and stayed to watch her other son and husband ride in. Jake got on the wave and rode it just like his brother had. It was Stone that got her laughing. He started off just fine. But, he fell off when another wave hit from the left. Amy couldn't help but laugh at her husband. He resurfaced near shore and saw his wife rolling around on the ground, laughing. He got out of the water, and snuck up on his unsuspecting wife. He picked her up and threw her over his shoulder. \"STONE HOPPER, PUT ME DOWN!\" she yelled, banging her fists on his back. Their kids had stopped building the sand castle to investigate. \"Daddy, what are you doing?\" Anna asked, still clutching Terry's hand tightly. Terry, like his looks, was almost an exact copy of his father. He was a natural born leader who took everything seriously. Terry even had a troublemaker for a little brother. Stone spun around to look at his kids and smiled. \"Just teaching mommy that she can't laugh when daddy falls off of the surfboard.\" And with that he turned towards the waves. When he was up to his knees, he waited for another wave to come crashing. When one did, he did what any loving husband would do to his wife, he dropped her in the wave and ran back to shore. Amy came back up, sputtering. \"Just wait until I get my hands on you, Hopper!\" she yelled, getting out of the water. \"Okay, I think it's time to go home,\" Amy said, wringing out her hair. Her three children shouted out protests that were ignored. They piled into the car, placing the surfboards on the top and latching them down. Stone was driving with Amy in the passenger side, their children in the back. Jake sat behind his father. Jake had his father's eyes but his mother curly brown hair. He was just like his uncle. He had a knack for getting into trouble. Jake, however, always found a way to get out of the bad situation. Although, his parents were not always happy to be meeting his teacher because he broke something, they found out he succeeded in school very well. Anna was sitting in the center seat, buckled into her car seat. Anna looked just like her mother, curly brown hair and sparkling green eyes. She was quiet around strangers but whenever one of her brothers (mostly Jake) would try taking her stuffed animals, she would yell so loud, they swore that their ears were ringing. Terry sat behind his mother and was looking out the window. Although his full name was Terrence, he hated being called that. He preferred Terry or even Hopper, just never ever could anyone call him Terrence. He was involved in sports most of the time. He played soccer year round. When they got to the house, the boys both dashed inside, trying to get to the bathroom first. The first person to their shared bathroom always used up all the hot water or took over twenty minutes to take a shower. Anna just giggled at how her brother's acted. Amy rolled her eyes and got out of the car, taking Anna with her. Stone locked the car after getting out and took the surf boards to the garage. \"Can you give Anna a bath? I've got to start dinner,\" Amy said, handing Anna over while she grabbed the pasta. Stone took his daughter upstairs and after giving her a bath, took her downstairs and let her wander to the toys in the corner. Amy came out of the kitchen, holding a pot of spaghetti and meatballs. \"Dinner's ready!\" she shouted. Terry came downstairs but Jake was nowhere to be seen. \"Where's your brother?\" Stone asked, grabbing the pot from Amy. \"He's still taking a shower,\" Terry shrugged before taking his seat at the dinner table. Amy wiped her hands on a towel and went upstairs to inform Jake that dinner was ready. Knowing him, she assumed he was making sure he scrubbed every last grain of sand off of his body. When Amy returned with Jake, the family dug into dinner. When the kids were full and in bed, Stone and Amy headed up to their room. \"I'm taking a shower!\" Amy announced. \"Mind if I join you?\" Stone asked, cheekily. \"You know Anna said she was getting tired of being the only girl,\" Amy stated, suggestively. \"We'll just see if we get lucky again,\" Stone chuckled as he entered the bathroom his wife had just walked into. They got lucky, again. A.N. Thank you to everyone who even read the story, I didn't think anyone would! Feel free to suggest a category for a new story, I'm just about finished with my other story anyway. THANK YOU![Chapter 12] Hey guys, even though this story is finished, I decided to create a sort of spin off of this story. It contains some one shots that could have happened in my story and please go check it out. That you to all of you that commented or favorited this story because you guys inspired me to write the spin off. Feel free to write some suggestions in the comment box on that story which should be up soon. Thanks again and happy holidays. ","Summary":" Amelia Shane was not one for bars or clubs. She stayed away from trouble. She was a member of the U"},{"Movie":"Austenland","Title":"Something Real","Author":"MichelleGunn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11097489","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This Fanfic is my first so please be kind s I am not really a writer. Was inspired however because there is very little Austenland fanfic here. I didn't want the story to end so I picked up where it left off minus the epilogue. Not sure how long it will be or where it is going. I don't own any \"I was going to ask you if you brought home a souvenir.\" Molly said dryly at the door. Henry and Jane pulled apart hastily looking slightly embarrassed although still holding hands. Neither wanted to break contact completely. \"Molly ummm this is Henry, Henry this is my best friend Molly.\" Jane said smiling brightly. \"A pleasure.\" Harry said finally breaking contact to extend his hand towards Molly. Molly just stared for a minute, the silence turning awkward quickly. \"Yeah, Hey Jane can I talk to you a minute\" Molly said looking toward Janes room. Jane looked apologetically towards Henry and said \"Be right back\" as she followed Molly into her room. Once the door was closed Jane couldn't help but break out in giggles. \"Where did you pick him up Jane?\" Molly asked. \"Did you meet him at that place?\" \"Actually he is the owners nephew and he was staying there while I was.\" Jane stated when she finally stopped giggling. Mollys eyes grew wide. \"You brought home one of the actors? You really HAVE lost it!\" \"He isn't an actor, well not a good one anyway. He actually is a history professor and I didn't bring him here he followed me.\" Jane said almost defensively. \"He followed you? How creepy is I walk in to find you making out with him!. He could be a predator Jane, you need to get rid of him FAST.\" Molly stated. \"We can call the police if we need to\". \"Molly I don't want to call the police and he isn't a predator. I know this is crazy but everything in my life is crazy isn't it? I like him...I think I may love him and he came here to tell me he feels the same way.\" \"Jane listen you yourself, he was paid to act like he likes you!\" Molly said exasperated. \"Actually he wasn't ,I was paired with the gardener, crap copper package and all. My happily ever after turned out not to be so great there, but here, here I have a real chance with him.\" Jane said her eyes turning almost dream like. Molly looked at her doubtfully. \"Jane I don't like this, I mean what happens when he goes back home, I don't want to see you hurt again by something that is just a fantasy.\" Molly said. \"Just trust me,\" Jane said. \"I need to see how this works out.\" Although in the back of her mind she started to wonder. What WOULD happen when he went back home. Molly sighed, \"I hope you know what your doing\" she said doubtfully. \"Come on hug it out\" she added giving Jane a big hug. \"Lets go see Mr. England, he might be robbing the place blind as we speak\" Molly said half serious. As they headed towards the door she looked around for the first time. \"Hey you cleaned out your stuff, good no reason to let him know how creepy you can be\" She said laughing as they headed to the door. ******MEANWHILE IN THE LIVING ROOM Henry paced the floor nervously. He had no doubt what Janes friend Molly was saying to her. How crazy she was to be allowing a complete stranger to follow her home from across the ocean. Telling her to get rid of him and quick. He couldn't help but worry. What if Molly convinced Jane to send him home. He felt like he had finally gotten through to her. Kissing her was magical. Made him feel alive, he couldn't imagine going home now without her returning this feeling. This feeling, love plain and simple no use denying it. When he said the words \"I love you\" during that horrendous play he realized in an instant he meant it. He never would have believed anyone could fall in love quickly. If you have asked him a month ago he would have told you that you were crazy. He could hear the murmur of voices from behind the door but couldn't quite make out what they were saying. He started to looking around the apartment. He didn't want to be caught prying but he couldn't help taking in his surroundings. In the corner next the Colin Firth cutout was a pile of dolls, china and a giant doll house. Looking back at Colin Firth he found a new worry. What if he couldn't live up to her expectations. He was after all no Mr Darcy. But no she said she wanted something real. He would have to believe that. The rest of the apartment was moderately furnished but tasteful. A lot of Jane Austen DVD's were piled next to the TV and a half dead house plant in the corner. He started to wonder how attached to New York she was. Did she have family here? He really knew very little about her. Would she expect him to move here? He didn't relish telling his sister he was playing on uprooting and moving to the states. He was close to his family and didn't want to have to make that choice. It was unrealistic to expect that Jane would want to tell her family the she was moving to England either. Well one worry at a time Henry thought to himself. Let's make sure she doesn't kick you out and tell you to go back to England before we worry about anything else. He was broken from his train of thought with the bedroom door reopening. He took a deep breath and waited to hear his fate.[Chapter 2] OK Chapter 2 is done, thank you for your kind words. I thought I would add a character to give Henry but of identity outside of Austenland. After all Jane has Molly :-) Hope you enjoy! Henry quickly searched out Janes face and breathed a sigh of relief. She was smiling at him in a way that made him sure he wasn't about to get thrown out on the street. Molly was still looking at him with suspicion but finally turned to face Jane. \"Well I guess I will go now, we can catch up some other time. If you need me DON'T hesitate to call me\" she added glancing meaningfully at Henry. Henry really couldn't blame her mistrust in him, and even found that he like Molly a little bit more for it. At least Jane seemed to have a good friend looking out for her. Molly left and Jane glanced over at Henry. Her nervousness reappearing. Just as he was about to speak his cell phone rang. His first instinct was to ignore it but as he glanced down he recognized the number immediately. His sister was calling. He imagined his Aunt had called her after she realized Henry had gone into her office and looked through Janes file. He probably didn't remember to put it away in his haste and if he knew his aunt it wouldn't take long for her to put two and two together. \"I am sorry Jane I better answer this\" he said, \"It's my sister and she is probably worried about me.\" Jane looked a bit frustrated but nodded. She heading back towards her room to seemingly give him some privacy although he couldn't help but notice the door was slightly cracked. \"Hello\" Henry said into the phone. \"Henry! What in the hell is going on? Aunt Hannah just called and she gave me the most bizarre story I have ever heard.\" His sister almost yelled into the phone. \"She claims you went into her office and stole personal information about a client and then headed to America to run away with the girl! I told her she was crazy, as my steady little brother would never do anything like that, especially without telling his sister! However her employees Andrew and Martin seem to back up that story.\" Her voice sounded breathless at this point as if she hadn't stopped to breathe since she hung up with her aunt. \"Willow, calm down and I will explain everything.\" Henry said in a slightly hushed tone. \"I am in America, New York to be exact, and I did look at the file but only to get an address.\" Henry was kind of at a loss on how to explain this story without sounding totally like a stalker or ready for Bedlam. \"I met this girl at Pembroke Pines while helping out Aunt Hannah and I, well I really liked her and when I tried to tell her she thought I was acting so I had to fly out here to prove that I wasn't.\" \"You just hopped a flight across the ocean to tell a girl you liked her?\" Willow exclaimed. \"Do you have any idea how crazy that sounds? When you find her she is probably going to call the police on you. Henry what has gotten into you?\" \"Actually I already have found her and she hasn't called the police on me. I know this is crazy but you have to trust me. I had to come, I had to make sure she knew how I felt.\" Henrys voice was pleading for his sister to understand. After a slight pause his sister finally sounded a little calmer. \"What did she say when you found her?\" \"Actually she hasn't had much of a chance to say anything as we keep getting interrupted\" Henry finally let some of his frustration show. \"When I first saw her she thought our Aunt had sent me, but I finally convinced her that I came on my own. Then I told her I was mad about her and she was my fantasy\" Before Henry could continue Willow started laughing into the phone. \"Oh brother you must have it BAD! What did she say to that?\" Willow asked seeming to suddenly find amusement in the whole situation. \"Uhhh Tallyho?\" Henry mumbled. \"What? What did she say?\" now Willow was laughing so hard she was having a hard time speaking. \"She said Tallyho\" Henry said a little more clearly and not without a bit of indignation. \"Tallyho?\" Willow couldn't control her laughter at all at this point. \"Then what did she say? Chip Chip Cheerio?\" \"Actually then her friend showed up and we haven't had a chance to speak yet\" Henry said. Willow suddenly stopped laughing. \"Did she say how she felt about you? Henry what if she doesn't feel the same? What are you going to do? Henry I don't want to see you get hurt again.\" Willow was now clearly worried. \"I don't think that's the case\" Henry said remembering how she had kissed him back before they were interrupted. He did realize though that she hadn't actually SAID she returned his feelings. She hadn't really said anything at all about her feelings. \"As soon as everyone leaves us alone maybe we can discuss it\" Henry said pointedly. \"Well I can take a hint. Listen if she blows you off call me. Hell if she DOESN'T blow you off still call me. I love you little brother and I am worried about you. Call me and let me know as soon as you can\" \" I will and I love you too, I know this is crazy but thanks for giving me the benefit of the doubt\" Henry said gratefully. \"Hey we all have to do something crazy once in our lives. It has just taken you about 36 years to get there\" Willow said. \"Call me later\" And with that she hung up. Meanwhile Jane sat on her bed trying to overhear the conversation. She knew she shouldn't eavesdrop but she just couldn't help it. She also couldn't stop thinking about how odd it was to see Henry standing in her apartment in 21st century clothes talking on a cell phone. Although she always thought he looked good at Pembroke Pines (even if he annoyed her at first), she decided she infinitely prefferred him as he was now, in her apartment! She could only imagine what the conversation on the phone must be like. She imagined it was going much like her conversation with Molly. What if his sister didn't approve? What if she told him to come home and stop being foolish. She didn't know how close he was to his sister, or his aunt for that matter but considering he was working at Austenland when he clearly was uncomfortable as a favor to his aunt she figured family must be important to him. That was a quality she knew she would like in him but she was afraid it wouldn't work in her favor now. He was talking low and she couldn't really hear what he was saying but she thought she heard the word tallyho and she immediately turned red. Tallyho! A man flies across the ocean, tells her he is mad about her and she is his fantasy, then kisses her senseless and the best she an come up with was Tallyho! She wouldn't have blamed him for turning around and going right back to the airport after that little display. Tallyho indeed! She wasn't even sure if people actually even said that now in England. Probably not, and certainly not after a man kissed them. Then she had another thought! She hadn't really said anything to him. Nothing to encourage him. She imagined how hard it must have been for him to board a plane and fly out here. Only to tell a girl he was mad about her. A girl who he had already tried to tell twice and twice she had walked away from him. \"You a fool Jane\" she said to the empty room. She remembered telling Molly she thought she may love him. Now alone in her room listening to the murmur of his voice outside the door, picturing him standing there she knew she didn't want him to go. She didn't THINK she loved him, she KNEW. How was it possible? I mean she barely knew him. Well they had spent every day together for 3 weeks in the same house. She supposed that was more than marriages were built on back in the Regency era. People were matched to their spouses based on a lot less. Besides he wasn't asking her to marry him...not yet. She also realized she probably knew more about him then she gave herself credit for. He obviously had a bit of a serious streak in him, He couldn't act to save his life but seemed intelligent. And somehow she knew he would be honest and true to her. Then there was the issue about living on separate continents. \"Stop you always overthink things Jane\" she scolded herself. \"He did something impulsive to come here, maybe you need to learn to be just as impulsive too. \" Suddenly she realized she couldn't hear his voice anymore. She peeked out the door and saw him hanging up the phone. He turned around and smiled at her, a smile she knew was just for her. \"Well Jane, anyone else that can call or stop by or can we finally have a few minutes to talk?\" Henry said half joking and half serious. \"As I recall we weren't really talking when Molly showed up.\" laughed Jane. \"But there is something I need to tell you before anyone else interrupts us.\" She continued and she walked over and took his hand.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3! Thank you again for all the encouragement. This story is going to be low angst. Its time Henry and Jane went on a date. Tomorrow they can face reality. Enjoy! As Jane grabbed Henrys hand she couldn't help but notice her heart quicken a bit. In the past she always became way to attached too quickly to men. Then was disappointed when they didn't live up to her expectations. She knew she was in danger of making the same mistake but somehow things with Henry felt different. \"I should have told you when you first kissed me,\" she hesitated searching for the right words \"I'm glad you came after me.\" she finished awkwardly. She hoped he could sense she wasn't quite sure how to put what she felt into words. She was afraid if she blurted out \"I love you!\" He might just run out the door. \"I should take you out on a date\" Henry said unexpectedly. Whatever she thought he might say obviously by the look of surprise on her face this wasn't it. \"A Date?\" \"Yes you know, maybe dinner or a movie or something that doesn't involve sheep eyes or nineteenth century dress.\" Henry was smiling. \"There has to be somewhere in New York I can take a girl out to have some fun.\" Jane looked at the clock, it was only about 3 in the afternoon but she realized in all that had happened she had forgotten to eat lunch. Sensing her thoughts Henry said \"I am still on England time and didn't eat much on the plane, we can wait until later though if you want.\" Jane thought it might be nice to get out of the house for a while before she said or did something she might really regret tomorrow. \"Food would be great! I am sure we could find somewhere to eat in this little town.\" She said laughing. \"Great I have never been to New York, I wouldn't mind seeing some of it anyway.\" \"Maybe in the next few days I can show you the sights'\" Jane paused the smile leaving her face. \"How long are you staying for?, I never thought to ask.\" Henry grew serious too. \"I can only stay for about 4 days I'm afraid. I have to get ready for Fall term.\" Both looked at each other at a loss of what to say. They knew this was going to come up eventually. Jane herself had to go back to work next week and of course he had a life in England. \"Let's talk about it later,\" Henry said. \"I want to take you out for a nice time.\" They went to a little cafe on the corner, typical for New York. They started filling each other in on the details they hadn't gotten to know about each other at Austenland. Jane learned that besides his sister and Aunt Henry really didn't have much family. His parents had died when he was just 9 and his sister 11. His aunt had taken them in to raise them at that time. Jane had a hard time imaging Mrs Wattlesbrook as a motherly figure but Henry seemed to speak of her fondly. Apparently she hadn't married her husband until after Henry had left for University. Henry frowned when he mention Mr Wattlesbrook obviously remembering Janes encounter with the gentleman at Austenland. He went on to say he was close to his sister and that she was married with children of her own. Jane went on to tell him that her mother was still living but they weren't especially close lately. Her mother seemed to give up any prospects of Jane living the domesticated life her mother wanted for her so she just sort of gave up on her. Molly was like a sister to her but she had no other family close by. She told him of her job as a graphic designer at the magazine. How she enjoyed it to a point but felt her true artistic talent had gotten lost in the mundane. When talking about how much she liked to draw she remembered her sketchbook full of pictures of Henry and blushed. He smiled seemingly remembering that as well. By the end of the meal they were completely comfortable in each others company.. Far more than in the stuffy environment Austenland had offered. She marveled again how anyone in those days had managed to get to know each other under such conditions. After paying the bill they rode the subway to Central Park. They walked around holding hands talking and just enjoying each others company until Jane noticed how tired Henry looked. Of course to him it was 5 hours later and it had been an exhausting day. She realized she didn't know where he was staying, if he had gotten a hotel room yet or not. Should she invite him to stay with her? Would that be too forward? The idea had its appeal but she didn't know how it would be received. Again Henry seemed adept at reading her thoughts. \"I have a room at the Hilton. As much as I hate to leave you I know I must look dead on my feet. I think it would be best if I went back there for the night.\" He looked at her when he said the last part and she realized he was trying to tell her they shouldn't rush things. Relieved the decision was taken out of her hands she smiled. \"It's been a fantastic day, far better than I had expected when I woke up this morning.\" She said smiling. \"The best day of my life.\" Henry said in a way that made her believe he truly meant what he said. He walked her back to her apartment then kissed her gently at the door. \"I will call you first thing in the morning.\" He said. He looked at her in that way of his. Like she was the only person in the world. Just as she was about to ask him to stay he kissed her once more. \"I will see you tomorrow, thank you for a wonderful time.\" and with that he turned and left. Jane stood leaning on the door frame long after he had walked away. Her heart was racing. She never imagined that she could feel this way. It made her laugh to think any of her past boyfriends had been the one. Nothing had ever felt like this before. As she turned and shut the door she sighed. She knew tomorrow like it or not they would have to have a serious conversation about the future. She knew long distance relationships rarely worked out. She liked to think they would be the exception. But one thing Jane had learned from the past, if there was a way to muck it all up. She would find it.[Chapter 4] T ime to step up the pace a bit... .Lets go back to England! I hope you are all enjoying.[Chapter 5] Time to go back to the states to see how Jane is holding out. Thanks again for the reviews and messages. This Chapter is quick. The next Chapter will take us back to Austenland to see some old friends.[Chapter 6] Finally we return to Austenland. We will see some of our old friends in this Chapter! Thanks and enjoy![Chapter 7] Only a few more chapters left. Hope you all have enjoyed my story.[Chapter 8] Taking a break from our Hero and Heroine to explore what some others might be thinking.[Chapter 9] Hi Guys and Gals. We are almost to the end of my little experiment on writing. This is my last chapter but I will be posting an epilogue within the next few days as well. I hope you enjoyed and I love the encouraging comments. I borrowed shamelessly and heavily off the movie for this Chapter. Let me know what you think!.[Chapter 10] Well I have finally come to the end. Thank you all. I may write something again in the future. I hope you enjoyed my little story. ","Summary":" This Fanfic is my first so please be kind s I am not really a writer. Was inspired however because "},{"Movie":"Austenland","Title":"Austenland Extended","Author":"Zephyr","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10523571","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After Martin left for the airport… \"What was that about?\" Henry asked the Colonel, better known as James when by the pool. \"Hmm,\" James hesitated a moment, \"Permission to speak freely about your relatives?\" \"Granted.\" James was obliged to pause his video game. \"Well, apparently your Jane decided to report the old lech after all, so the puppet master sent Martin to persuade her otherwise.\" \"Since she's not – was never – my Jane,\" Henry said with great effort, \"and I was just a stand-in, I see why my aunt wouldn't send me, but why Martin ? Didn't she figure out what he's been up to all this time? Shouldn't he have been sacked by now?\" \"Sacked? Oh, my boy, you really are in the dark about how things work here,\" James realized, \"Martin was only doing exactly what the old girl pays him to do.\" Henry looked at James in disbelief, but James' countenance was firm on this. There was no joke. \"She assigned Martin to Jane?\" Henry said, unable to leave the question mark off the end of the statement just yet. James nodded. \"But - but - the saxophone, the singing, all the rule-breaking – \" \"Your dear aunt, in her monetary wisdom, has often said, 'Only a true Austen fan should get a true Austen experience.' And she measures truth in pounds. So, the Copper Packages, generally, get the lying, 21st century, cad experience.\" James paused to shake his head sympathetically, \"They could get that at home… for free… and minus the corsets…\" Jane's words from last night were echoing in Henry's ears, I want something real . He couldn't let Martin and his aunt manipulate her again. And, maybe, then there would be an opportunity to convince her… \"Humph!\" James was going on, \"Your aunt wouldn't know a true Austen fan if they hit her in the face – and, at times, I certainly wished Jane would have – sorry, Henry.\" Henry stood there mute, oblivious to James' apology and the reason for it. His mind raced. James finally looked up at the statue that was Henry Nobley. \"Good God, man!\" James rebuked him, standing suddenly as the formidable Colonel Andrews, though in a cowboy hat with flames on it, \"What are you still doing here? Get your arse to the airport and find your lady before bloody Martin does!\" With an appreciative slap to the Colonel's shoulder, and a hearty look of resolve on his face, Henry Nobley was off.[Chapter 2] Author's Note: This chapter is a late insert. This chapter was originally uncooperative. Think it's OK now. (The inner voice exchanges were likely influenced by my having recently read the fanfic \"emails from Austenland.\" Go read it, if you haven't!) After Jane was \"over this\"… Henry watched her walk away, his feelings cycling through helplessness, frustration, misery and back again. A voice inside of him shouted: You're not going to let her walk away? But Henry could not see another option. He couldn't chase Jane down now – not with all these desperate emotions churning inside of him. Surely it could only come out as an awkward, incoherent, and downright creepy mess, if he tried again. At least this way she leaves thinking of me as 'perfect,' he tried to reason. The voice, however, would not have it. A perfect liar! Are you really okay with that? Henry noticed that, on this occasion, his inner voice sounded in his head exactly like Jane's voice. Henry wanted to believe her – er – believe it that he shouldn't give up, but his hesitation was like a massive wall before him. He tried to explain to the Jane-voice: What else could I do? I leapt over barriers, I skirmished with a villainous rogue, and I spoke recklessly from the heart – twice! I have to accept that she doesn't return my feelings. If I keep chasing after her, she'll think I'm a lunatic. The inner voice tried a more sympathetic tone. You're supposed to act like a lunatic – you're in love. Anyway, how could she believe you were for real with Martin pedaling his crap at the same time? If even the gardener was in on it, how could she trust the nephew? Henry nodded. Right. Going to go beat the piss out of bloody Martin now. No, you're not, the Jane voice laughed. Oh, that laugh . Would he never hear it again, except in his imagination? Henry sighed the most pathetic lovesick sigh of his life. It was, however, a final indulgence. His spine straightened, his jaw clenched and strode resolutely out of the airport as the Jane voice led him on: She's on her way to America. Back home to her reality. Thousands of miles away from Martin. Thousands miles away from Wattlesbrook. Thousands of miles away from Austenland. That's where she needs to hear the truth. That's where she can believe you.[Chapter 3] After Henry got back from the airport… \"I could have finished the job fine, if Wattlesbrook had just trusted me to do it – like I always have before. Sending Sonny Jim barreling in as back-up just mucked everything up,\" Henry heard Martin complaining to someone out by the pool, \"He blew the whole thing. But she'll take his side, of course.\" It was James' voice that answered. \"Will the comedy of errors never cease?\" he asked the gods, \"Martin, Henry didn't go because his aunt sent him. He went because he is in love with the girl.\" \"What, seriously? … Amateurs. You don't fall in love with the guests. I did him a favor – they're all nutters.\" \"James,\" Henry called out from the pool house, restraining himself from renewing a confrontation with Martin, \"I need your help.\" James left Martin at the pool and followed Henry to his quarters. Henry filled in some of the holes in Martin's version of events as they went. Once they arrived at his room, Henry pulled a suitcase out of the closet and announced: \"I'm going after her.\" James squealed rather with delight. Then said very seriously, if a bit overly so: \"You're giving me chills, old boy. \" \"She's convinced I'm an actor,\" Henry began to explain, but glanced down at his costume in exasperation. He went back into his closet and pulled out some of his real clothes and laid them on the bed. \"But with a grand enough gesture – \" \"Such as following her to America,\" James interjected giddily. \"She'll have to believe I'm genuine.\" Henry stared at the outfit he laid out with some consternation. \"And then, whether she loves me back or not…\" James had meanwhile wandered into Henry's closet. \"At least I'll know that I didn't lose something real over a stupid misunderstanding.\" James switched out the shirt Henry had laid out for another. \"Bravo,\" James told him, \"So, how else can I help?\" Henry let out a breath and turned to face James. This was a significant favor. \"I don't even know Jane's last name, much less where she lives. Do you think you could liberate her file from my aunt's office? I know it's a lot to ask – \" The military strategist that was Colonel Andrews straightened with honor at his enlistment to such a noble mission. \"Consider it done, sir,\" he declared, \"But… I shall need a distraction.\" \"Oo, I'm good at those,\" an unexpected voice volunteered, \"In fact, I'm good at distracting and stealing. Just ask ol' Fartwright.\" Henry was momentarily taken aback when Miss Charming entered his bedroom and stood next to James. \"It's alright,\" the colonel said, \"She's cool.\" \"I'm cool,\" she echoed, swaying a bit like a bobble-head, \"Oh hey, before we go libahratin' the fie-yul...\" She wandered back out of the room and returned a moment later. She carried a book – Jane's sketchbook. She held it out to Nobley. \"Jane forgot this. You can return it to her when you see her.\" Henry nodded and accepted it gratefully. He placed it carefully in his suitcase. \"Let's go steal from Wattlesbrook!\" Charming exclaimed to Andrews. Nobley couldn't help chuckling when James followed her out, crying, \"Tally Ho, Lizzie!\" He wished Jane had been there to hear it… He locked the door behind them, so he could change. But the sketchbook drew him back to it. God, how can I miss her so much when she's only just left? He opened the book and paged through it slowly. He paused on the remarkably prophetic sketch of himself and Martin engaging in fisticuffs. It was so early in the sequence. He kept going, in the back of his mind hoping… Henry's breath stopped. She had done it. The self portrait. He felt guilty as his finger traced her outline lovingly, because he knew what he would do next. He glanced around the empty room out of nonsensical instinct, then carefully, so carefully, pulled the page away from the binding. It came off nearly perfectly straight from his effort. \"Sorry,\" he murmured, then quickly folded the page and slipped it into his inside jacket.[Chapter 4] Colonel Andrews and Miss Charming to the rescue… \"She's not like the others, that's what I'm trying to tell you,\" James was saying frantically to Mrs. Wattlesbrook outside her little cottage/office, \"I think the woman is dangerous .\" \"You know I do background checks on all our guests,\" she said with some annoyance, \"She's completely harmless. I'll send one of the servants to flirt with her and she'll forget all about you.\" Such an affront to his craft he could not let stand. Fortunately, before James could argue, she added: \"Have a drink by the pool, think about the bonus you're getting for doing such a good job with her, and relax.\" He snapped back into character. \"I can't relax by the pool – she was at the pool! She's everywhere!\" Proving the point, several yards behind Wattlesbrook's back, creeping around the west side of the cottage, was the alleged 'she.' \"Oh god!\" he exclaimed as if horrified, and shot his left arm over her shoulder, \"There! In the bushes! You see? You see? She's everywhere I go!\" Wattlesbrook turned to look to the east of her cottage, where he pointed… meanwhile Charming was giving James double-thumbs up from where she stood next to an open window. He waved her on with his right hand to hurry up. As Wattlesbrook turned back to face him, he quickly put his right hand to his cheek in distress. \"James, you've worked yourself up into a frenzy,\" Wattlesbrook chastised him, \"She's not there. Go to your room and lock yourself in for an hour or two if you must, but get a grip!\" She was about to whirl around to go to her office, when he weakly replied: \"I'm sorry, my dear, but I think I must call the police about this.\" \"Police!\" It was Wattlesbrook's turn to panic. \"James, don't be ridiculous!\" James looked away from her with nervous doe-eyes and she tried a more gentle approach. He did his best not to notice Lizzie's legs kicking out the window as she made entry to the cottage. \"I promise you,\" Wattlesbrook was saying, \"We don't need the police. I shall have a talk with Miss Charming. You'll never have work with her again, never even have to see her again. You are a valued employee, James, and I would never want you to feel uncomfortable. How about if I assign Heinrich and Lorenzo to escort you for the rest of the day? If she tries to approach you, they'll gently usher her back to me and I will make sure everyone is happy.\" \"Well, I don't know…\" Charming had made it all the way in. He didn't know long it would take her to find the file. At times the poor girl, delightful as she was, seemed almost illiterate. I probably should have thought of that sooner… \"It's only natural that she should find me irresistible…\" he was saying to the old girl. \"Absolutely,\" Wattlesbrook agreed. \"I don't know how you could possibly talk her into settling for less…\" \"It's all about letting them down gently,\" she assured him, \"I do this all the time. Some flattery, a coupon for their next visit – \" \"Next visit?!\" James squeaked in alarm. A folder had come flying out of the window onto the lawn, followed by the front half of Miss Charming. \"Well, James, we certainly can't lose her business, she's extremely well off and extremely lonely. But I'll assign Captain East. George can handle her and you can take that session off. Alright?\" By this time Lizzie was upright and dusting herself off. \"Could it be…\" he began as Lizzie finally picked up the folder and scurried away, \"…Heinrich and Frederico instead?\" \"Done,\" she told him with a warm (relieved) smile. \"Alright,\" he said, \"I'll head back to my room then until they come. Tell them to knock three times, pause, then knock again.\" \"Excellent. Don't worry about a thing, James. I'll take care of everything.\" He nodded and smiled and finally allowed her to turn and go. He too turned away and began making his way to the rendezvous point. He sighed as he walked. \"What a shame,\" he murmured to himself, \"Such magnificent improvisation and no one to see it.\"[Chapter 5] After Jane's plane landed… Jane stopped up short outside the bookstore at the airport, as if she had nearly walked into her realization. I really was an addict. There they were… copies of Pride & Prejudice right out front. In the past, a copy of Pride & Prejudice had to be handled. No matter how recently she had read it, she would still be compelled to flip through those pages and read just a taste, before returning it to the shelf and herself to the real world. The compulsion had been normal for so long she didn't know when it began, but today, it was gone. Well, the sight of them still made her glad – it was her favorite book. This must be the difference between fan and fanatic, she thought, Bravo, Jane . And she meant that, and felt the truth of it, but at the same time there was a less pleasant feeling stirring. A lacking. She pushed it away with positive thinking: This is good… This is healthy... I'm proud of myself... I'm moving on… On the cab ride home from the airport, Jane reviewed her memories of her trip and what stories she would tell Molly. She regretted leaving her sketchbook behind, even if it was a symbolic break from her Austen obsession to do so. The sketches would have been nice, in the absence of photos. But then , she thought , I would have had to tear some of them out, because Molly would be sure to notice the same thing Nobley had . Jane shoved that memory aside brusquely, but soon found herself looking at her reflection in the cab's rearview mirror. The mirror. Jane looked into her own sad eyes as if in a trance. I am free of Mr. Darcy… but is it only because he has been replaced by Mr. Nobley? Jane tried to smile at her silliness. Mr. Nobley was simply another representation of Mr. Darcy - and a phony one at that… a 3D, touchable version… that could bring me meaningful gifts… wrap me in his coat when I shivered… kiss my hand… dance with me… beg me to stay… Jane jerked her face sourly away from the rearview mirror and out the window. So much for healthier… But by the time her cab ride had ended, Jane managed to turn her thinking back around. She had moved on. She had dumped Mr. Darcy, when she chose reality instead of Mr. Nobley. And she had rejected all insincere jerks (the Mr. Wickhams of reality, if you will), when she did not let herself be fooled again by either of Wattlesbrook's actors. Her declaration at the airport marked a fresh start. No more fantasy men and no more real-life cads.[Chapter 6] Author's Note: You should go watch the scene where Henry shows up at Jane's apartment again before you proceed. Not because you need to. In fact, it'll probably only make my poor fanfiction lamer by comparison. But you deserve an excuse to go enjoy it again. Maybe I do too... After she finally believed him... \"Oh, um, any second my friend Molly is going to walk in,\" she said pulling back a little and drawing one arm away to gesture towards the door, \"That's who I thought you were before.\" He tried not to show too much disappointment as he released her and glanced at the still empty doorway. \"I haven't seen her since I got back – \" Jane explained. He nodded, understandingly \"And she's going to be very surprised, since I didn't tell her any of the good stuff that happened on my trip, just the bad.\" \"Well, then I'd have thought you told her quite a lot about me.\" She shook her head. \"Not a word,\" she replied, getting a little lost in his eyes for a moment, then dropping her glance, \"I didn't go into details, just that the 'Copper Package' was pretty lacking.\" \"Yes, he certainly was.\" She swallowed a chuckle and tried to give him a disapproving look. \"I don't know how I'm going to explain you to her.\" \"Should I go?\" he offered. \"No!\" she blurted out before he could continue, instinctively grabbing his arm. He smiled with delight – to her relief. She blushed terribly at her outburst. \"Just to give you two some time to catch up,\" he explained, placing a reassuring hand on her arm, \"Then perhaps I could take you – both of you, if you like – out to dinner?\" She considered it for a second or two. \"Stay until she gets here, at least,\" Jane told him, \"That way she can confirm you're not a figment of my imagination.\" He smiled and nodded his agreement to remain. Meanwhile, however, her brow furrowed under an unpleasant thought. \"When do you have to go back?\" she asked. He sobered a bit as well. \"Tomorrow. I have a conference I have to attend.\" She nodded, trying to focus on how fortunate it was that he had been able to come at all. \"Maybe just us for dinner then,\" she said with a guilty grin escaping her. He nodded and there was more gazing between them. Jane knew she had better keep talking in order to prevent them from being in too shocking of a position when Molly arrived (what was taking her so long?!). \"A conference?\" she asked teasingly, \"Is that code for another session of wooing at the manor?\" \"Ohh no, a conference for my real job,\" he told her, \"That was a one-time -only, family-guilt-induced favor. Aunt Marjorie needed another male body to take up space until George finished another acting job.\" \"Lucky,\" Jane said softly. \"Incredibly lucky,\" he affirmed in kind, moving in for another kiss. \"Wait, hold on,\" Jane said, a twinge of paranoia threatening to grow, \"She probably had fifty extra male bodies on the property. She couldn't have spared one of the servants?\" \"Jane, it may have escaped your notice, but ninety percent of those men barely speak a word of English. How else do you think they could stand to work for my aunt?\" Jane laughed. \"The other ten percent she either didn't think could pull off the manners – like Martin – or the sexual orientation. I don't know whether she was right, but those were the reasons she gave me.\" \"A second Colonel Andrews probably would have been a bit too obvious, even for Lizzie\" Jane agreed, tentatively, \"But, um, is it too late to ask to see some ID, Mr. Nobley?\" \"Not at all,\" he said, grinning as he reached into his pocket, \"Very wise. In fact, I brought a list of references to vouch for me.\" \"You didn't,\" she laughed, looking over the list in question as he handed it to her, along with two forms of ID. \"After what happened at the airport? Of course I did. Conference or no conference, I wasn't giving up until you at least believed me, even if you didn't… care for me.\" Jane was touched, but felt compelled to point out: \"As I recall, you nearly gave up just seconds after arriving.\" \"It didn't occur to me, until you brought up my aunt, that you might still imagine I was under orders. I thought coming here would surely speak for itself, and the only explanation for your not being glad to see me had to be that you didn't feel anything for me.\" \"I am more than glad to see you,\" she said, tossing his 'evidence' to the floor as she said it. \"But… unfortunately I don't believe a word of what you're telling me.\" She stepped close to him again and wrapped her arms over his neck. He smirked with an idea where she was going with this accusation. \"Is that so?\" he asked. \"You're a shameless, Austenland actor,\" she told him, \"And it could take weeks to convince me otherwise.\" Before he could reply – \"Ahem.\"[Chapter 7] At the airport before Henry returns home… \"I still can't believe you came all the way out here,\" Jane couldn't help repeating. It was Henry's fault. Those eyes of his only encouraged her when she said such things. His gaze was always warm and attentive for her; never absent or bored. \"I had to,\" he told her earnestly, \"I had to find out what ' supply of pregnant horses' meant. \" Jane was doubled over by the word 'horses,' and Henry soon joined her. \"I must say,\" he added, when Jane had nearly caught her breath again, \"that I was relieved to hear that part of the story, because a baby horse is a powerful thing – \" Jane started to lose it again. \"Who wouldn't walk out of a ballroom with the guy after that?\" As much as he had made her laugh, Jane felt acutely the ever-increasing weight on her heart as his departure grew closer. \"Are you sure I can't kidnap you right now?\" he asked quite seriously. She smiled, but was too melancholy for spontaneous, light-hearted banter. Fortunately, she came to the airport with some material prepared. \"Henry,\" she said, changing the subject, \"You know how you brought me that mirror in the garden and suggested I sketch myself?\" \"Mmm,\" Henry nodded as his eyes shifted off into the distance and he struggled to keep an innocent face. \"Well, I did sketch a self portrait. And, I mean, it was probably silly, because we could just take a picture with a phone, and that would be better quality, I'm sure, but I wanted to send that sketch home with you. Mysteriously, however, it's missing from my sketchbook.\" \"Is it?\" he asked with raised eyebrow, but a smile creeping onto his face. \"It is,\" she replied, reaching into his jacket while still watching his face, and deftly pulling out an incriminating, folded piece of paper. \"My, my, what's this?\" she asked. He snatched it from her hands and snaked his other arm around her. \"For the next few weeks,\" he answered, \" – my salvation.\"[Chapter 8] When Jane returns to see Henry a few weeks later… Now remember, Jane told herself as she scanned the arrival gate for Henry, He won't be in Regency era clothing. What he was wearing however, she wasn't prepared for. Laughter sputtered from her lips. There he was, her dashing English boyfriend, in an I-heart-Darcy t-shirt. He was smiling back good-naturedly, and started walking swiftly over to meet her, since her reaction to his attire had stopped her short. It was then that she noticed he wasn't the only one there to meet her. Her true bosom friend (or truly bosomed friend), who she still only knew by her pseudonym, Miss Charming, was bouncing up and down just a few steps behind Henry. Jane gave her a little wave as Henry pulled her into a hug, lifting her off the floor, and even swinging her about a bit, which only shook more laughter out of her. \"I missed you,\" he groaned emphatically. She was ready to tease him the moment he set her back on solid ground. \"Clearly. That's the only explanation for this shirt.\" \"My descent into madness without you, you mean?\" She kissed him hello and embraced him again, wishing guiltily that \"Lizzie\" hadn't come so she could just keep holding him for a ridiculously long period of time for a public setting. \"I missed you too,\" she told him seriously, and then whispered in his ear, \"And you look very sexy in a t-shirt, by the way.\" He looked at her innocently and murmured, \"Even this one?\" She nodded, \"Mm-hmm.\" He grinned. \"Aww, you two are so cute,\" came Charming's voice, a little too close for comfort, \"But break it up! We had an agreement. Sorry, Jane, but I cashed in the favor Nobley owes me so I could hijack your arrival. So, that's what I'm doing. It's so good to see you!\" Jane accepted Charming's embrace. \"Oh really? What favor is this?\" Jane asked, looking to Henry. \"Later! Later!\" Charming said, waving a hand in Nobley's general direction and taking Jane by the arm. \"Jane, I did it. I bought Austenland!\" \"Fantastic!\" \"Mrs. Wattlesbrook is staying on to advise on the historic accuracy and all that rot. She's been a bit resistant to my changes, but I think she's kind of relieved too. The financial stuff was wiggin' her out. The books were pretty bad, but since our grand re-opening we're well on our way to being in the black.\" \"Really?\" Jane said. She glanced at Henry and his silent reply seemed to confirm Miss Charming wasn't exaggerating. \"It's all about the merchandising, hun,\" Lizzie told her, \"Oh, which reminds me…\" Charming was carrying a shiny gift bag in her hands that Jane realized had the Austenland logo on it. \"You get a t-shirt too,\" she held it partially out of the bag for Jane to see then continued rummaging inside, announcing the contents, \"Sunglasses… a pen… kazoo…\" \"Baggage claim,\" Henry said and gestured to their left. Jane followed and pulled Lizzie along, who was engrossed in the bag. \"…chewing gum…a miniature chitty chitty bang bang car… Oh, I brought the real one today, Jane. It's outside – just like when we first met.\" Jane tilted her head and smiled with genuine fondness at Lizzie. \"Oh, there's mine,\" Jane said, spotting her suitcases. She started to pull away from Lizzie, but Henry waved her off and grabbed them. \"Thanks,\" she said, looking at him a little dreamily as he carried them for her. \"Hey, are you guys hungry?\" Charming asked. \"Famished,\" Jane had to admit. She was too hungry to fib, even if it might have gotten dear Lizzie to give them privacy a little sooner. \"Brilliant!\" Lizzie exclaimed more loudly than necessary, \"We'll finish catching up while we eat and then I'll leave you two alone – at least until tomorrow.\" When they arrived at the car, another familiar face was waiting. \"Miss Erstwhile, I am delighted to see you again.\" Jane opened her mouth to speak, instinctively glanced back at Henry, then again to the dapper gentleman wearing a magenta suit with matching shoes, socks, top hat, etc. \"Should I still be calling you Colonel Andrews or James?\" she asked him somewhat playfully, somewhat sincerely. Colonel Andrews giggled. \"James is fine,\" he said, pausing to give her air kisses to each cheek, \"The drivers are always 'James' anyway after all. You are looking well, Jane, dear.\" \"You too.\" \"Thank you. It's my new Master of Ceremonies uniform. No more wooing for me. Just general schmoozing – thanks to our new fearless leader.\" Charming smiled so hard that it looked painful. \"Lizzie,\" Jane turned to her, slightly embarrassed, \"I don't think you ever told me your real name.\" \"Oh, don't bother,\" Miss Charming told her, \"I'm having it legally changed soon!\" \"Oh.\" James opened the back door for Jane. Henry had just finished putting the luggage in the boot and snuck around to the other side in an attempt to sit next to her, but it was no good. \"Ah ah ahh, boys up front!\" Lizzie called out, and slid in the back next to Jane. Henry obeyed, but glared in Lizzie's general direction. \"OK, I have to know now what that favor was,\" Jane said, between chuckles at the expression on her poor, beat-down boyfriend's face. \"Oo! Excellent!\" James exclaimed, \"I'm in this story. Do you want to tell it, or shall I, love?\" \"You start it,\" Lizzie told him, \"I'll jump in.\" \"Oh wait, before you tell it,\" Jane said mischievously, \"I have a guess.\" Henry turned in his seat and looked inquisitively back at her. \"He let you pick his attire,\" she said to Lizzie, \"He's keeping his distance from me on your orders. You now own Austenland. You are the new Mrs. Wattlesbrook in so many ways. Therefore, the favor must be that he wants to be hired on as a permanent actor.\" James chuckled heartily. Lizzie seemed intrigued by the idea rather than to have gotten the joke. Jane sensed Henry was at least slightly amused, but unwilling to show it. \"Quite wrong. Care to try again?\" Henry asked. \"Mmmm, she agreed not to tell me about your criminal past?\" \"No… She hasn't a clue about all that.\" \"I've got one,\" James chimed in, \"He wanted free tours for his students of the grounds. They would all be so impressed.\" \"Oh, oh,\" Jane jumped back in, \"He wanted to keep the outfits to give his lectures in.\" That got James cackling and Henry felt compelled to remind him to mind the road. Jane noticed that Lizzie's face was scrunched up in thought. She wanted to contribute to the revelry. It would undoubtedly be nonsensical, or at least inappropriate. So, Jane quickly made a more serious suggestion: \"Or maybe it was something like the favor from Amelia, when you asked her to say my cell phone was hers, so I wouldn't get kicked out?\" \"Awwww!\" said James, \"You did that? How adorable.\" \"No, but you are getting warmer,\" Henry told her, \"The favor was about you.\" \"Uh oh. Am I going to feel terribly guilty for teasing you about it?\" she asked. His only answer was a cryptic look. \"Maybe he's a spy!\" Lizzie exclaimed and then giggled at her own joke. \"Both favors also had to do with thwarting the old girl, too,\" James commented, \"Quite rebellious of him.\" \"A double – no triple agent!\" \"So, let's hear the story already!\" Jane reminded them. \"How about at the restaurant?\" James said, \"We're nearly there and that way I can put my all into the telling of it.\" Henry rolled his eyes for Jane to see. Then he asked her sincerely: \"How was the flight?\" \"…quadruple agent! ...\" \"Long, but fine.\" And more mundane chit-chat continued until Colonel Andrews' moment came.[Chapter 9] Author's Note: Apologies - if you're looking for the most recently added chapter, a new chapter 2 was inserted. At the restaurant… He told it all – starting with the stand-off at the pool, though with some delicacy. \"Wait, what was it he said about me?\" Jane wanted to know. \"It's not important,\" Henry answered crisply, giving James a look that demanded solidarity. \"But you hit him,\" she countered to Henry, certain that wouldn't have happened over anything unimportant. \"Trust me, Jane,\" Andrews interceded, \"Though your honor was impugned, it was also soundly defended. When your knight arose from his seat and squared off with the scoundrel, the scoundrel slunk away with his tail between his legs, having received all the thrashing he could bear from such a warrior.\" \"James, I could answer her very simple question of what the favor was in a single sentence,\" Henry warned, \"Do get on with it.\" \"Don't listen to him, James,\" Jane said, \"I'm lovin' this.\" \"Then came the call from the old girl…\" Much of the next bit Jane knew first hand, unlike the teller, but she thoroughly enjoyed James' artistic license. In his version, there were gasps and cheers from the bystanders at the airport, security was called, and, if only Nobley hadn't been detained, he would have followed Jane right onto the plane and flown home with her to America. Jane wondered if the plane would have crashed on a deserted island as well. Compelling though it was, jet lag was making her eyelids very heavy. They had a booth and Charming had finally allowed Jane and Henry sit together. Henry's arm lay across her shoulders and she couldn't help sinking a little more into him than the seat cushions. He was much too comfy. \"You're exhausted,\" Henry softly stated the obvious while James and Charming were too enraptured with the story to notice. \"I'm fine. I want to hear this. Could you hand me my Coke?\" She felt like she could hear his thoughts as he obeyed, something about, 'Too tired to pick up your own glass is too tired to be out at a restaurant.' \"It's not because I'm tired,\" she told him, \"You're just too comfortable; I don't want to move.\" Lizzie cleared her throat and Jane looked over sheepishly. \"Did you get that last part, Jane?\" Andrews asked, not offended in the least. \"Ummm…\" \"I said, 'Henry declared to me –' \" \"Oh God,\" muttered the hero of the story. \"Damn it, James, I'm going after her – my heart's truest joy, the other half of my soul. Even if I have to swim across the Atlantic and knock on every door in America until I've found her, by God, I shall.\" \"You shall?\" Jane echoed at Henry with faux astonishment, \"How much of that was yours?\" \"I'm going after her,\" he said flatly. She laughed, but it still gave her goose bumps to imagine the scene. Andrews leaned over the table and looked Jane solemnly in the eyes. \"It was all there in his tone, Jane,\" he insisted, \"His tone conveyed multitudes.\" \"Oh, I know,\" Jane agreed, \"I heard it – just now.\" \"And now ,\" Henry prompted impatiently, \"We come to the favor…\" \"Ah yes,\" said James, \"Now, while Henry was willing to knock on every door in America, that would have been a painfully long time to pine away, so he came up with another solution – \" \"Stealing!\" Lizzie interrupted, \"This is where I came in, Jane.\" \"Literally,\" Henry remarked. \"Henry knew that between my talents for deception and misdirection and Lizzie's for thievery, we were the best team for the job. Meanwhile, he could prepare for his journey across the sea.\" \"Actually, I didn't have a clue either of them had any talent,\" Henry told her, purposely giving the other two a hard time, \"They were just all I had.\" \"Wait, sorry, what did he want you to steal?\" Jane asked them. \"Wattlesbrook's file on you,\" Lizzie said as if it were obvious. \"Oh,\" said Jane, suddenly losing a good deal of her enjoyment in the story. \"What's wrong?\" Henry asked her quietly. \"Nothing. I just – I know her files on clients have more than addresses and phone numbers in them,\" she said uncomfortably. She was remembering what Wattlesbrook had said – 'I try to learn a great deal about my clients… You have been, unlucky in love…' James understood immediately, as he was familiar with his former boss's strange methods. \"Miss Hayes,\" he said, before Henry could, \"Mr. Nobley and I are gentlemen . The only eyes at this table that saw inside your file were Miss Charming's fiery orbs and she relayed to Henry only what was pertinent to finding you.\" Jane forced herself to shrug off her insecurities. \"It's not like it would have mattered,\" she said, \"Wattlesbrook hit the main theme for everyone to hear already – the details wouldn't come as much of a surprise.\" Henry leaned in and whispered something in her ear. Jane burst with laughter a moment later, then snapped her mouth shut and glanced at him penitently. Then another glance, asking if what he had just said was really true. He nodded, but couldn't quite look her in the eye. \"So, we're even now?\" he suggested. Jane nodded quickly while James and Charming looked disappointed and confused. \"What? What was that, Henry?\" \"Jane, did he say something dirty?\" Jane shook her head at them. \"He shared something personal that could perhaps be considered extremely embarrassing,\" she said, carefully, if not altogether successfully, suppressing giggles. She turned to face him directly and added: \"I feel much better now. Thank you.\" He was grinning back at her. Whatever Henry had confessed, making her happy apparently made the mortification quite pleasant. \"I suppose a couple in love is allowed some secrets,\" James said to Lizzie. Lizzie meanwhile turned and dug something out of her purse, then reached over the table to offer two bright pink tickets to Jane – \"Two lifetime VIP passes to Austenland. You can ride every ride in the amusement park as many times as you want – you can play the games too. Dunk the Hunk, is my favorite. Gotta love a man in a wet blouse. You can also attend any of the lessons you want – horseback riding, shooting, dancing. Stay away from the whist lessons though. Those are always given by the old girl. No offense, Nobley.\" \"None taken,\" Henry said dourly, \"I appreciate the warning, in fact.\" \"Henry hasn't told her he's dating me yet,\" Jane said across the table as if it were scandalous. \"Only because I have no wish to speak to her at all after how she treated you.\" \"Oh come on,\" Jane told him, \"You're going to forgive her – and you should. You wouldn't have subjected yourself to helping her out in the first place, if you weren't a loyal, generous-hearted nephew. I can ignore her disapproval just as easily in real life as I did in Austenland. More easily, in fact, because now I have you as my reason for putting up with it.\" She had taken his arm and rested her chin on his shoulder to further pressure him. It succeeded in softening his expression considerably, but he made no reply. \"OK, OK, you lovebirds,\" Lizzie interrupted, for Henry and Jane were starting to get lost in each other, \"I've got the check. Go get cavorting and we'll see you tomorrow!\" The four of them made their farewells and Jane and Henry were finally alone…[Chapter 10] Author's Note: I've been sitting on this ending for a long, long time, because I didn't want to be done with this story and these characters. I wanted to come up with another twist or turn to keep things going, but everything I tried felt forced. So, it's time to throw in the towel. At least I can drag it out into a multiple chapters as I give everything a final edit. Enjoy the sap. Thanks for reading, and especially for reviewing! Return to Austenland… After visiting the new Austenland amusement park, partly to satisfy Lizzie, but partly because it was good fun, Henry suggested they sneak off to walk the quieter areas of the grounds. \"But what if she has guests staying?\" Jane said with hesitation, \"I wouldn't want to break the spell for another Austen fan, who paid all that money – \" \"They're between sessions,\" he assured her, \"No guests. I checked with James. We won't bother anyone.\" In that case, she was quite excited to revisit the 'real' Austenland with her Mr. Darcy at her side. Jane's phone chirped. \"But perhaps you could turn your phone off?\" Henry suggested, \"I can't promise the 'old girl' won't come leaping out of the bushes somewhere at the 'unmentionable' sound of it.\" Jane giggled as she shut it down. Lizzie had been sending her texts since eight o'clock that morning and she didn't blame Henry if it had been getting on his nerves. He began leading her to the stables, but Jane stopped him as soon as she realized. \"I'd rather not run into – \" she began. \"He's not here,\" he told her, \"Only the real caretakers work between sessions.\" So they said hello to the horse Henry had rescued her on… as well as the one that had made the rescue necessary. Henry made a joke while they were there of searching for false walls behind which foals could be hidden. \"I have to ask,\" he said, as they were leaving the stables, \"and you can be brutally honest – did I win any points with you for the storm rescue or was it all just horribly awkward?\" \"Oh, it was so aggravating!\" she told him, as he cringed, \" Because I was trying so hard to seem cool and clever around you to make up for all my embarrassing moments up to that point, and then the moment you lifted me onto that horse, my insides turned to Jello.\" \"Jello?\" he asked, finding it hard to believe he could have had that affect without noticing. She nodded. \"You hid that very well,\" said Henry, clearly going over the events again in his mind. \"Well, that was mostly thanks to Amelia. Her arrival snapped me out of it… But, you know, every time she touched you after our little ride together, I fantasized about breaking her arm like a twig with my bare hands. Just for a moment.\" \"Oh, you did not,\" he argued merrily, \"You were too wrapped up with Martin then – and his twiggy arms. Plus, she stopped touching me as soon as George showed up.\" \"Lucky for her,\" Jane retorted menacingly, \"And, I'm sorry, but my crushes were not mutually exclusive at first. Though, in hindsight, I think that was only because you were too Darcy.\" \" Too Darcy?\" \"Too handsome. Too gentlemanly. Too witty. Too dashing – \" \"Ah, of course. Who could put up with that?\" \"You were too Darcy to hope for,\" she finished up, \"and I knew instinctively that you'd be too hard to leave behind, if I let myself fall for you. … And I was right.\" He stopped walking and turned so they faced each other. He took her hands in his and looked deep into her eyes. She smiled at him and was ready to reach up and kiss him, if he was going to take forever about it, but she noticed he seemed to be thinking very hard, as if perhaps on the verge of telling her something. Finally, however, he just smiled and said: \"Let's go inside.\"[Chapter 11] Inside… He took her inside and they visited the dining room, where they exchanged their first words to one another. Then to where Mr. Wattlesbrook tried to take on the ninja. \"That was the first night I succeeded in making you laugh and smile – on purpose ,\" he recollected. \"Oh, don't let me forget,\" she told him earnestly, \"I made a Ninja Jane sketch for you.\" \"Excellent,\" he said with sincerity that only sounded exaggerated, \"Ballroom next?\" \"We could skip the ballroom,\" she said unenthusiastically, her gait slowing. \"Mm?\" \"I'm not keen on revisiting how I ruined a perfect evening with you to run off with a fraud.\" \"Trampling my heart as you went.\" She looked up at his beaming face pleadingly for mercy. \"We don't have to go in,\" he assured her quickly, \"But you should know I have very fond memories of that night. The fact that you hadn't thought better of taking my arm after the awkward advances I made the night before – \" \"Henry – \" \"How happy you looked as we stepped into the ballroom and took it all in. Dancing with you…\" Again their eyes locked, and Henry seemed to search for words. Jane placed a hand on his chest, trying to communicate her interest in perhaps not talking for a while, but then he whispered: \"There's one more place we have to go.\"[Chapter 12] The Greatest Four Words… Henry paused on the patio. \"Is this it?\" she asked. She noticed he was looking towards the table, where she recalled decorating with Lizzie and Amelia, and then to the chair where he had sat, reading, of course. \"No,\" he said slowly, with a wistful look, \"But do you know what the greatest four words I ever heard were?\" She shook her head, looking up at him curiously. \"I guess Mr. Nobley,\" he said. After a moment of recollecting the scene he referred to, she tilted her head to one side. \"The greatest you ever heard?\" she challenged him playfully. \"Well, up until that moment – the greatest. Because not long after that you said the words, 'You're every girl's fantasy.' \" Jane rolled her eyes at herself in good humor. \"I was sure I was getting nowhere with you,\" Henry continued, \"and Captain East seemed to be yours for the taking. But, somehow, you picked me.\" Jane smiled and he could see the guilt in it. Henry's eyes narrowed and he watched her face carefully as he asked: \"So, why did you pick me?\" \"OK, well, keep in mind, you always were and still are my fantasy,\" she began, \"But, actually, I would have picked Captain East, if Amelia hadn't threatened to turn me in to Wattlesbrook, if I didn't help her be alone with George.\" \"Ah, because, if you picked me, then they'd be partners. Of course.\" \"But,\" Jane said, \"if I had known the truth, that you saved me from being sent home in disgrace, then I'm sure I would have chosen you of my own free will.\" \"Really? That would have won your heart?\" \"Won? God, no. But it would have confused the heck out of me, so I would have wanted to ask you about it in private.\" \"Fair enough,\" he said, offering Jane his arm to continue their tour.[Chapter 13] Finale… He then brought her to the bench where they had sat down to their first theatrical rehearsal together. \"Oh yes,\" she said, \"This was a good place.\" Henry was quiet, which struck her as odd, since he had sounded so enthusiastic about coming there. Even more than the other stops he had chosen. \"Jane… Lizzie and James lied for me,\" Henry stated. \"What?\" Jane rejoined to this abrupt admission. \"Those two hours they spent telling the story of why I owed Lizzie a favor was… a bit of a misdirection.\" \"It didn't happen? How did you find me?\" \"No, it happened that way – minus the embellishments, of course – but that wasn't the favor Lizzie was using as leverage over me.\" \"I knew this was going to happen,\" Jane said, pretending to be very grave, \"Who did you kill?\" He flashed her that smile of his again and, in her current mood, in that beautiful place, with that perfect man, it was misdirection-shmishdirection. Who cared? \"No one,\" he answered, \"But, ah, there was supposed to be a session this week. As soon as we knew when you were going to be coming out, I asked Lizzie to do whatever she could to reschedule the clients for this session. It wasn't easy and she had to substantially discount their fees – \" \"Henry! That wasn't necessary. I mean, I love seeing the grounds again, but she didn't have to go to all that trouble with the financial situation the way it is – \" \"Jane, please,\" he protested abruptly, \"I'm nervous enough without you throwing me off with interruptions.\" He immediately averted his gaze to the ground and shook his head as if silently chastising himself. \"Nervous?\" she echoed in confusion. Surely after winning her heart in the most romantic way possible she didn't still make him nervous. Unless… she thought, Oh god. Keep your trap shut, Jane. Not a word. I mean, he probably isn't, but just in case he is… \"Sorry,\" softly escaped her lips. What did I just tell you? Shut it! He shook his head again, then looked into her eyes and exhaled sharply. \"No, I'm sorry,\" he said, his anxiety much more evident to her now, \"Um. I asked Lizzie if she could clear this week, so that I could specifically bring you here…\" Jane suddenly heard chamber music floating from somewhere off in the distance. The melody was familiar, but hard to place… \"… to where you first gave me hope that I might be able to win your heart…\" It was so unbelievable romantic, but at the same moment her brain happened to place that melody and she started giggling in spite of herself. It was from her rebellious little recital. A tune the two of them had recently begun referring to as \"our song\" in jest. Though if he was proposing, she supposed its status would have to be made official. \"Sorry! Sorry!\" she was tried to recover from snorts and giggles, and pointing into the air at the invisible music in explanation, \"I just realized what's playing… I'll be quiet now… sorry… go on…\" His mouth was twitching with a smile, but once she was relatively serious again, his expression reverted to its previous apprehension. It can't be a coincidence, she thought, He must have set the music up. But don't get carried away. Breathe. Just because he's being romantic doesn't mean – \"… I wanted to bring you here to ask you… \" I am going to say yes, aren't I? Of course! Focus. This is the happiest moment of your life going on right now. He slid off the bench and onto one knee. That's when she saw a ring had appeared between his thumb and index finger as he extended it towards her. \"…Miss Jane 'Erstwhile' Hayes, if you will make me the happiest – \" \"Did she say yes?\" boomed Lizzie's voice over the loudspeaker that Wattlesbrook had used during their stay, \"Jane? We can't hear you guys from here, so shake or nod your head real big – \" Jane could hear James' muffled voice in the background attempting to shush Lizzie and switch off the intercom. Henry had every right to be outraged – Jane would not have blamed him. However, Jane had slipped off the bench, chortling, and as he grabbed her to steady her, he couldn't help cracking up as well. It was like they were back in the theatrical – the first time he had declared his love for her. Therefore, in a way, laughing through his lines was entirely appropriate for the occasion. Not to mention an interruption from Elizabeth Charming! Their mirth faded gradually. Still, they smiled like morons at each other and Henry finally found himself completely at ease. \"Marry me, Jane?\" he asked. \"Yes,\" she answered, nodding, and launched into his embrace. \"I know we have loads of details to work out,\" he told her as he held her, \"Where to live – \" \"Actually,\" she cut him off, \"Not that many. Now is probably a good time to tell you that you're not the only one James and Lizzie were working undercover for.\" He gave her a curious look. \"Lizzie and I kept in touch,\" she explained, \"I knew she was the one who had bought Austenland long before I arrived.\" \"Why would you keep that secret?\" \"Well, I wasn't sure when would be the best time to tell you… she recruited me.\" Henry's nuptial joy evaporated into caution for a moment. She laughed. \" Not as an actor,\" she told him, \" Of course. But Austenland has some graphic design needs, and we also think I could make some money by doing guests' portraits to commemorate their visits. And, apparently, James has been pushing for her to give me the duties of – how did he put it – 'puppet master'?\" Henry smirked. \"I don't think I could do that part though,\" she said. \"Why not? An Austen fanatic should hold the position.\" \"Art stuff is one thing, but to be the one to take your aunt's job…\" She shook her head. \"That's just a perk,\" he quipped. \"Anyway…\" she said with a look of disapproval that transformed into one of adoration the longer she looked at her fiancé. \"Anyway…\" he echoed, as he gently took her hand to slide the ring onto it. Before letting Jane have her hand back, however, Henry lifted it to his lips and pressed them against her palm. \"Oh my,\" Jane said as she took back control of that hand to caress his cheek, \"Is it just me or is it getting hot out here?\" \"Take off his clothes!\" came Lizzie's voice abruptly over the loudspeaker once more. \"Give me the binoculars!\" followed James' voice more distantly. \"OK,\" Henry said as she laughed, \"I think that's all the romance we're going to get out of this place today. Let's go somewhere out of Charming and the Colonel's reach.\" The End. (Probably) ","Summary":" After Martin left for the airport… \"What was that about?\" Henry asked the Colonel, better known a"},{"Movie":"Austenland","Title":"After E-mails from Austenland","Author":"everyl1ttleth1ng","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10512940","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Agatha Nobley found it deeply irritating that she was beginning to be known as \"Henry's aunt.\" She had vastly preferred it that week when he sat in her drawing room in his Regency-inspired breeches and was introduced as her nephew. On top of that, she was wracked with indecision. Would she hold onto the reigns and watch as the contents of her dwindling bank account syphoned themselves ever more rapidly into the financial black hole that was Austenland? Or would she make the sacrifice akin to cutting off her own arm and agree to sell the place to that vulgar Charming woman? Just in case you didn't realise, these drabbles follow on from my monster fic entitled \"E-mails from Austenland\". You don't have to read that one first, but if you've come this far on your hunt for more Mr Nobley, you might as well start there! That story runs parallel to the plot of Austenland and is made up of e-mails between Henry and his sister, Carrie, during his time under his aunt's spectacularly odd roof![Chapter 2] Miss Elizabeth Charming, as she was now legally known, thanks to one of her lawyers and a deed poll certificate, had renounced embroidery, reading, whist, millinery and all other forms of sedentary activity. Instead, she busied herself exclusively with horse riding, pheasant shooting and period dancing in preparation for claiming ownership of the business she felt certain she would eventually get her hands on. Her plans to transform Austenland to an attraction more akin to Disneyland than Mansfield Park drove her relentlessly. She could not rest, nor shop, nor even have a manicure, until the place was hers.[Chapter 3] Colonel Andrews, a military man of no small consequence, was, against all principle, shirking his duty. Truth be told, he had locked himself in the linen cupboard and was slowly asphyxiating in the heady scent of lavender drawer sachets. The object of his aversion could be heard cooing for him in the corridors and it was all he could do not to burst into tears of frustration. Mrs Wattlesbrook had assured him multiple times that the no touching rule had been expressed with absolute clarity and yet, in his experience, it was contravened at every point. So what if he proved irresistible to women? A man needed protection and he just wasn't getting enough of it.[Chapter 4] Miss Amelia Hartwright put a call through to Erik, her preferred masseuse. She preferred Erik because he had muscles on his muscles and his studio was as far as she could reasonably travel from the mansion she shared with her decrepit husband without having to pack an overnight bag. She wondered how corruptible Erik might turn out to be. As yet he had rebuffed even her least subtle advances. He was no Captain George East, that's for sure. For shame.[Chapter 5] Captain George East loved his work. As a man missing every scruple, without even a nuance of human understanding, he had fallen into a sociopath's heaven in Austenland where wealthy desperadoes made themselves available to him at every turn. He flexed his baby-oiled muscles in the sunlight and batted his eyelids at the new arrivals. One of these days his ship would come in and some top LA music producer would arrive at Austenland. He imagined himself as the world famous rap artist he dreamed he'd one day become. If only knowing every word to The Fresh Prince and Jazzy Jeff's Boom, Shake, Shake, Shake the Room could launch him on his chosen career. He'd be slaying them in the aisles.[Chapter 6] Mr Wattlesbrook, as his pseudonym identified him, was not enjoying life behind bars. One too many gropes in the dark had finally caught up with him and now, sideburnless and pipeless, he stood in line for beans, resplendent in his orange onesie like all the other inmates. At night, alone in his bunk, he yearned for a sheep's eyeball or two, a round of whist, a nip of scotch and a nubile gaggle of heiresses in empire-line frocks. Unfortunately, his previous employer had made one thing perfectly clear, he would never set foot on her manicured lawns ever, ever again. Farewell, to pheasant, fire-arms and featricals.[Chapter 7] Martin, or Creepy Martin, as he was commonly known, was still enjoying his dubious successes with the Austenland patrons. Kittens, foals and an unexpectedly frisky litter of imported salt-water crocodiles had the ladies fainting at his feet. Still miffed that he was yet to be promoted to the big house, he actively jostled for promotion at every opportunity, prompting Mrs Wattlesbrook to run in the opposite direction whenever she saw him coming. The retirement of the resident taxidermist brought some tasks his way that weren't exactly to his taste but he was more intimately acquainted than ever with the fake birds he had charge of placing at the start of each day.[Chapter 8] Davey and Ginger, at home above The Cock and Bull, in the mean streets of New York City, cooed and giggled over their latest arrival, Sebastian Henry McCorkindale. He kicked his little legs like a tiny World Cup champion and made his parents glow with pride. Regular Skype dates with his godparents, Henry and Jane Nobley, in which they took it in turns to read him Austen bedtime stories, began imperceptibly to shape and guide the extremely young man in the footsteps of everyone's favourite Fitzwilliam Darcy while his dad did his best to lead him in the way of Dr Who. It was yet to be seen, at three months, whose influence would dominate.[Chapter 9] Thoroughly modern Mollie's son had come into the world not long after the wedding and had been given the name Maverick. Jane and Henry had rolled their eyes and immediately gifted little Maverick a colourful tea set made from recycled milk bottles and a complete set of abridged Austen novels. Mollie rolled her eyes and tucked the books under his racing car themed cot. Jane and Henry struck again with a little knight costume and a silver spoon. Mollie, who had just purchased and Iron Man suit and a nerf gun and lived on the other side of the pond, shoved them into a drawer. The battle for Maverick's soul had begun.[Chapter 10] Carrie, Nate, Arlo and Lulu had taken to placing bets on the number of times they would catch Henry and Jane stealing a snog in each of the family's encounters with them. An enterprising Arlo had even instituted a \"snog jar\" into which Henry was to place a generous donation towards his nephew's fencing lessons every time they were caught. He hit the jackpot in hush money when he stumbled across his uncle and aunt ripping one another's clothes off late one summer afternoon behind the chook shed. Lulu, who was going through a marriage-is-for-losers phase would only roll her eyes and pretend to vomit, much less endearing than her brother's hard capitalism.[Chapter 11] As for Jane and Henry themselves, they lived in a bubble of tea and happiness. Theirs was a love forged in the unlikely fires of cosplay and e-mails, theatricals and firearms, bathtubs and ballrooms, sketchbooks and sheep's eyeballs. Repeatedly busted for physical displays of affection that grossed out their relations, the two of them found themselves overstepping the mark again when they brought round the pee-stained positive pregnancy test as a means of announcing their happy news. Henry immediately embarked on a reading of the canon to Jane's as yet entirely flat belly, claiming that if they started straight away, the child could benefit from two, if not three read-throughs before it even hit the birth canal.[Chapter 12] Jane was instructed to sit down and put her feet up if she even so much as looked meaningfully at the washing up and so she relaxed into a sloth that she would struggle to clamber her way out of for the remainder of their married life. But Henry, daily so ecstatic to have found himself such a glorious companion, served and served her without even a thought for his own self-preservation. Jane was delivered a tray in bed every morning, on which she found, without fail, her favourite London Pottery Co red-and-white polka dot teapot, and matching cup and saucer, as well as a revolving door of boiled eggs with soldiers, pancakes with banana and maple syrup, eggs benedict, french toast, backyard-lady-omlettes and homemade hashbrowns. While he washed up after breakfast, Henry planned what he could serve her for lunch, while Jane lay back groaning and planned how she try to escape for some exercise to offset the nothing-says-I-love-you-like mountains of carbs.[Chapter 13] Their house was wallpapered in floor-to-ceiling bookshelves and if Henry and Jane weren't eating, drinking tea or undressing one another, the pair of them could inevitably be found sprawled across their parralel couches by the fire, wiling away the hours with a book. The baby, whom the scan suggested was a girl, was temporarily christened Sprog and treated to long in-utero monologues by her father, extolling the virtues of this or that breed of chook or Austen novel or brand of tea leaves. Henry's wardrobe gained more and more patched elbows, checked shirts and sweater vests which Jane delighted in buttoning him out of, sometimes before he'd even left the house for work. Jane's illustration work continued at her office until she could no longer fit behind her desk, at which point she just stayed home and used her protruding belly as a work station.[Chapter 14] Arlo got his mother to teach him how to knit so he could make a little hat for the anticipated arrival. Lulu pretended she thought it was lame but was secretly working away at a competition crocheted baby beanie of her own. Jane spent hours quizzing Carrie in person and Mollie and Ginger by telephone, on birth and babies and bassinets but Carrie, eight years out from the carnage of a newborn, had nothing to offer but hazily blissful memories with all of the horrific bits kindly edited out. Jane found these unreliable memoirs extremely reassuring. Mollie and Ginger's much fresher and more disturbing observations were put down to the stress of life in New York City.[Chapter 15] Henry quizzed Nate and Davey and every other father he happened upon in the supermarket of a Saturday morning as to what he needed to know, own and conquer in order to be a fitting father for this glorious creature growing inside his radiant bride. Men, without quite the same hormonal obliteration of memory faced by their partners, put less of a rose-coloured gloss on everything, so where Jane was lulled into a false sense of security, Henry was whipped into a terrorised frenzy.[Chapter 16] But when Henry finally got to hold the little pink bundle in his arms, he was relieved to find that he had no idea what all the fuss had been about. Jane had clearly been the most amazing woman ever to give birth and here they were, suddenly a family of three, with merely a mad dash to the hospital and a few minutes of roaring behind them now that their tiny, perfect, Elena Mollie Nobley had made her way into the world. He blinked away the tears of joy and they laughed uproariously at their three enormous but unopened, expertly and repeatedly packed and itemised birthing bags. It seemed Elena didn't even have time for them to get the BeeGees playing on the ipod before she wanted out. And now that she was out, their already large hearts were mystically and wonderfully expanded and enlarged to welcome this new little one into their family that suddenly seemed that it had never been comprised of anything less than three.[Chapter 17] In the blissful haze that followed the day of Elena's birth, Henry tiptoed up the stairs, carefully balancing Jane's heavily laden breakfast tray. He was conscious he might have overdone it. Gently placing the tray on the bedside table, he turned to ask Jane if she wanted pepper on her poached eggs. Jane was asleep, curled around the tiny form of their newborn who, in a sign of what was clearly prodigious talent, smiled a little smile in her sleep. Henry was torn between running to fetch the camera or just standing and watching and savouring the moment. He chose to savour and stood and wept with happiness as the eggs congealed and the toast went soggy and the tea turned cold. Was there ever a colder hot breakfast or a happier man? Henry thought not. . . I think I'll leave them here for now, but I'm not ruling out returning. Let me know if you think you've got room for more Austenland fan-fic in your life![Chapter 18] As the days and the weeks and the months went by, the sleep-deprivation waxed and waned, the astounding piles of baby-washing grew and shrunk, and Henry, Jane and Elena settled into family life. Henry would arrive home from work to find Jane and Elena gently snoozing together in the squashy armchair in front of the fire and just sit and adore them for a few minutes before boiling the kettle for his compulsory home-coming pot of Russian Caravan. Jane would open her eyes of a morning to find Elena's tiny form ensconsed in the arms of her snoring father and lay there enjoying this scene of paternal bliss before tiptoing down the stairs to the boil the kettle for their compulsory early-morning pot of English Breakfast. On the weekends, the two of them would lie on the rug on either side of little Elena as she lay on her back, legs in the air, trying with all her might to pull off her socks, before one or the other of them would get up to boil the kettle for their compulsory Saturday afternoon pot of Earl Grey. Their parenting was sustained by and well-steeped in the pungent leaf - that was the way this English chap and his Anglophile wife rolled. . . Firing off a few hundred words about this little trio every now and then is just too tempting. I suspect this one will never be fully \"complete\"![Chapter 19] Sometimes, while Henry sat in the armchair by the fire, reading Elena a passage or two about her namesake from Northanger Abbey , Jane would sit opposite with her sketchbook trying to capture the scene in charcoal. She had married a good-looking man, there were no two ways about it. And, if anything, Henry grew ever more attractive as he rocked their daughter to sleep in his arms, tunelessly humming an unidentifiable song, his countenance one of pure adoration. He cheerfully ferried baskets of washing to and from the laundry, or stirred a soup on the stove, or stoked the fire, or brewed a pot of tea for his wife, whistling to himself in his utter contentment and, in doing so, he surpassed even the beauty of Adonis, Narcissus or any other famous, gorgeous, self-absorbed god of antiquity. Jane loved the moments when she could work away at translating that exact half-smile or the wrinkles at the corner of his eyes or the perfection of Henry's hand cradling Elena's tiny head, to paper. She would flick through her sketchbook and laugh. What was once a good likeness was now an intimate portrait, the details and idiosyncrasies captured with the precision that comes with familiarity. To think Henry had once commented on the number of drawings she'd made of him. That paltry four or five had now been exceeded by a number somewhere in the thousands and the besotted artist showed no signs of slowing down.[Chapter 20] Gradually, transatlantic dynastic schemes began to be hatched and plans began to be laid. Molly thought that despite her parents' weird influence, little Elena would probably turn out alright. What self-respecting person could enter her teenage years obsessed with… and then she remembered Jane. Jane and Henry were somewhat less open-minded when it came to Maverick and passed him over entirely, in favour of the as yet small though inherently dashing Sebastian. Sebastian and Elena kicked and gurgled happily at each other on the occasions of their appointed Skype dates and all their observing ancestors declared it to be a sign of true love. Henry and Jane together with Davey and Ginger plotted the alliance without giving the slightest thought to the despicable Lady Catherine de Bourgh whose example, along with that of the late Mrs Darcy, they unwittingly followed. However, unlike the Lady de Bourgh, neither party harboured any sense of their children actually having to carry through with their parents' marriage plot.[Chapter 21] On his third birthday, Maverick was presented with a child-size car. Powered by a horrific amount of batteries, the thing roared along the pavement terrorising pedestrians. Before he sped off into the knee-caps of the neighbourhood senior citizens, Molly kissed him on the forehead and slid a miniature pair of mirrored aviator sunglasses onto his nose. Not many months later, only a few suburbs away, the newly three-year-old Sebastian was given a zoo membership and a junior science kit. Davey and Ginger duly slathered their pale English skin with sunscreen, donned their sunhats and marched their excited boy off to meet the animals. Almost a year after that, little Elena awoke on her third birthday to find her bedroom floor covered in brightly coloured balloons. She donned her customary knight costume, complete with sword and shield, and then commenced gallantly stomping on the balloons, shrieking with delight as each and every foe was vanquished with a satisfying bang. There would be no sleeping in for Mummy and Daddy on her third birthday! She rushed into their bedroom and landed deftly between them after a running jump from the doorway. While Henry stumbled blearily towards the kitchen to brew a pot of tea, Jane and Elena cuddled up together for her three obligatory morning stories. At that moment, everything had to feature a dragon. By mutual agreement, Henry and Jane had decided Austen could wait – it was the 21st Century after all. Their daughter couldn't grow up thinking that accomplishment was limited to piano-playing and embroidery. Instead, Elena was learning tumbling, bike-riding, tree-climbing and insect-collecting with a little bit of extremely messy cup-cake making thrown in for good measure. For her birthday, by particular request, she received one set of dragon wings, two wooden jousting sticks, three new carriages for her Brio railway and a pink and purple sparkly fairy wand and skirt thrown in for good measure. Consistency was not in her (nor any other three-year-old's) nature. . I think that might have exceeded the traditional 100 words! ","Summary":" Agatha Nobley found it deeply irritating that she was beginning to be known as \"Henry's aunt.\" Sh"},{"Movie":"Battleship","Title":"Because We Can","Author":"musicismyhero","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9253953","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So seeing another story on this movie/book be posted and not be updated I decided to try my hand at it. I was watching the movie while starting this chapter while having the book in front of me so I could copy some of the quotes. This is a Stone/OC story. Enjoy~ ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Honolulu, 2006 Melody giggled as she and Sam stood in front of the Hideaway which happens to be a bar next to a flea infested hotel. Sam had a craving for a chicken burrito and apparently she thought that this place had the best at this time of night. Melody glanced at her friend which happened to be a knockout blonde with sculpted features and icy blue eyes. Melody wondered how she kept her body with all the carbs she ate. Melody was almost polar opposite in looks; she had darky wavy hair, a body of an athlete, and piercing green eyes. \"You're not going to get a burrito at this time of night besides do you even know how many carbs are in one of those,\" Melody looked at Sam as she opened the door to walk in. \"That's why you and I are working out tomorrow,\" Sam smirked. Melody sighed and decided tonight she need hot chocolate to relax after being dragged all the way here. \"What can I get for you,\" Akau a big Hawaiian asked them. \"I want a chicken burrito,\" Sam replied. \"Sorry kitchen closed,\" Akau replied as he grabbed a cup to dry. \"Well that solves this problem,\" Melody got up to leave. Sam pointed at the sign hanging just behind the bartender's head. \"Sign says 'food till close,' Sam smirked like a lawyer who had just won a case. Melody sighed and leaned back on the bar and looked around at all of the customers. Groups near the front were eyeing both her and Sam like they were a piece of meat. It seems that Sam seemed to attract men where ever she went and that meant Melody was noticed as well. She noticed two men sitting at a table together with a cupcake between them. She noticed the younger one with long black hair continued to glance at Sam while the blonde older one was trying to get him to focus on what he was saying. He looked familiar, but she couldn't remember why. Melody smirked when she heard Sam huff in announce. \"He won't give me a damn burrito,\" Sam stated when Melody glanced at her. \"I warned you when we left North Shore,\" Melody patted her shoulder as she glanced at the man who was glancing at Sam while she argued with the bartender. The guy slid into the seat on the other side of Sam and asked \" how you doing?\" Melody had to cover her mouth to keep her from laughing at him. How much has this guy had to drink? \"Hungry. Starving.\" She wasn't addressing their new companion. Instead she was tossing the like a poison spear at the bartender. Melody shook her head and decided to join the blond man who was left alone as his companion joined Sam. \"That your brother,\" she asked as she sat down next to him. She had to admit that he was far more attractive than the other man. \"Unfortunately,\" he sighed. \"By the way I'm Melody Pride,\" Melody held out her hand. \"Stone Hopper,\" he shook her hand before glancing at his brother. Melody glanced at Sam who was glaring at her now. Stone's brother ran by them saying \"Girl's hungry.\" Stone moaned when he heard that and shook his head. \"It's like a factory fire. You know you're witnessing a disaster, but you can't look away.\" \"It can't be that bad,\" Stone gave her a look. She remembers all the trouble her little brother and sister got into that she had to get them out of. That's why she was ecstatic that she was sent to Hawaii. They were planning coming out here with her with they scrambled enough money though. \"So it may be that bad,\" she grimaced looking at Sam who glanced at her phone and gave Melody a triumphant smirk. She was going to have her chicken burrito yet. \"So how much trouble do you think he's going to cause,\" Melody asked him. \"Too much knowing him,\" Stone sighed and drank some of the beer in his cup. Melody patted his back before getting back and joining Sam at the bar. \"I bet you ten bucks he comes back here with the cops chasing him,\" Melody glanced at Sam. \"I'll take that bet. No one is stupid enough to steal a chicken burrito.\" She heard cop sirens coming closer and she looked at Stone before glancing at Sam. They headed outside of the bar and saw a man was running toward them with what looked to be burrito shaped object in his hand. He was tazed just before handing Sam the burrito. \"Thank you,\" Sam whispered to him. They watched as he got dragged away before Sam pulled out ten and handed to Melody. \"You bet my brother would be tazed her looked over at Melody. \"No, I bet they he was going to be chased by cops He just like my brother when he was sixteen,\" Melody replied looking at him. Stone sighed and headed back into the bar. \"Stone,\" Melody looked at him. Melody put her hand on his shoulder and he looked at her. She noticed the worry in his blue eyes and dropped her hand. \"What has Alex done now,\" he whispered himself. Melody wanted to comfort him in some way, but didn't know how. \"I guess I need to go bail my brother out of jail,\" Stone sighed after paying the bill. \"I guess I'll be seeing you around then,\" Melody knew that this was something that he had to do on his own to get Alex in line. \"Does someone have a crush on a Navy Commander,\" Sam asked as they headed back to her car. \"I have no idea what you're talking about,\" Melody wanted to be friends with Stone that's all. \"Uh huh sure,\" Sam wasn't convinced by her friends denial. She knew Melody liked the man even though she didn't know it yet. She liked Alex already and maybe he would be willing to help her get her friend and his brother together Melody needed someone to keep her in line and it looked like Stone need someone to get him to loosen up. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ So how was my first chapter? Should I continue? Was Stone in character the whole time? Does Melody seem Mary Sue at all? Should I skip six years like the movie and book or should I add a few chapters between them showing how the relationships grow? I need a few ideas for the next chapter if y'all have any. Please leave a nice review and I would like around five before I update![Chapter 2] I'm so beyond happy that I got five reviews! I couldn't wait till I could update for y'all. So I will be mostly hitting the high and maybe a few low points for the next six years till the aliens invade. Oh and my laptop was messing up while I typed this so if there's any spelling mistakes or anything obvious let me know. Enjoy~ Honolulu, 2006 Two Months Later Melody and Sam were running around the base because Sam decided to eat a bunch of carbs the day before and naturally she had Melody work off all the carbs with her, and was starting to lag behind. Melody laughed and turned around and slowed down to a jog waiting for her friend. She felt a little exposed in the short shorts and tank top she had to buy thanks to her carbs eating friend. She didn't like the looks the men gave her here. Back on the last base she had her two younger siblings around her that no man would approach her. \"Sam you're the one that wanted to go running this lovely morning,\" Melody grinned as Sam struggled to keep up. She liked running when she wasn't chasing her siblings around. \"I'm sorry! I'll never eat carbs late at night again,\" she huffed out. Melody shook her head at hearing those words far more often than not in the pass three months that she has been here. \"Melody! wat-,\" Sam tried to warn Melody before she bumped into something and fell down on to her hands and knees. \"Ow. Who did I run into this time,\" Melody turned over so she was sitting down. She often ran into people when she was little whenever she walked backwards and during high school it had gotten worse. \"Chicken Burrito Girl,\" a man with short black hair who was standing beside the man she ran into whispered. It took Melody a second to remember where she saw him before and that means she ran into his brother. \"Sorry Stone,\" Melody relaxed realizing she knew the person who she ran into. She hated running into people she didn't know because she felt like they held a grudge against her after she apologized. \"It's fine,\" he grinned holding a hand out for her to help her up off the ground. Melody could get use to see his smile everyday even if she ended up with skinned knees and palms. \"Hello Alex,\" Sam greeted the other man who addressed her as the Chicken Burrito Girl. \"You know I have a name that's not Chicken Burrito Girl,\" Sam smiled at him. She couldn't believe he remembered her, but then again he did get tazed getting a chicken burrito for her. \"And may I know this other name and I prefer to be called Hopper,\" Alex asked smirking. Stone sighed knowing he had told Alex her name the morning after he had gotten tazed. He suppose finding out that you're being forced into to the Navy shocked him into forgetting her name which surprised him. \"It's Samantha but I prefer to be called Sam. Melody was going to say something when she felt something around her hand start to tighten. She glanced at her hand and noticed that Stone hadn't let it go when he helped her up. Stone had been getting annoyed with his brother. She was the Admiral's daughter and there was no way he would approve of her seeing his brother. Stone glanced at Melody and noticed that she turned a light pink and looked at where she had glanced and imminently let her hand go. \"Sorry,\" Stone whispered rubbing the back of his head. He couldn't believe he didn't let go of her hand after he had helped her up. \"No problem,\" Melody smiled. The next sentence that came out of Alex's mouth had both of their heads snapping their heads at the other two \"Will you go out with me on Friday?\" Alex asked looking at Sam with a slight pleading expression escaped his look of confidence. Melody sent Sam a warning glare that made Sam smirk. \"Only if Melody and Stone can join us, Melody doesn't get off base that often,\" Sam replied grinning. She really wanted to go with Alex alone, but she did have a plan on getting Melody to be with someone these past two months and she turned them all down flat, even the ones that actually went up and asked her. Melody was like a small child who believed you had to get to know someone before going on a date with someone and none of the guys had picked up on that. Melody's older brother scared everyone off that asked her out without knowing her first and Sam had thought it was sweet when Melody had told her that, but now she found it highly annoying. \"That's perfect,\" Alex grinned, but Melody knew he was disappointed. Stone shook his head and muttered under his breath. \"Do we get a say in this,\" Melody asked folding her arms across her chest. She was dreading the answer she was nearly positive her blonde friend would give her. \"Nope,\" Sam smirked. Melody sighed in defeat knowing there was no way to change her friends mind and even though she didn't want to go Sam would drag her kicking and screaming if she had to. Melody pouted causing Sam to giggle it her childish friend. \"At least you can't embarrass yourself more than you already have,\" Stone chuckled as Alex glared at his brother. They weren't supposed to talk about the whole getting tazed incident. \"I don't know there is a lot more embarrassing things that can happen besides getting tazed for love,\" Melody smirked. Sam smacked Melody in the back of the head for some unknown reason to Melody. Melody grabbed her head where she was hit and glared at Sam. Just because they were friends didn't mean Sam could go and smack her in the back of her head whenever she wanted. \"We should getting going before Melody's late for duty,\" Sam pulled at Melody's arm. Melody's eye widen before taking off running to where she had a locker for her jumpsuit. Stone shook his head as Melody ran to the pilots kept their jumpsuits. \"She does realize that she doesn't have to be on duty for another hour and half,\" Alex asked looking at Sam. Stone looked at her as well wondering why Melody would take off so fast so early. \"Melody just got promoted to commanding her own squad and she has them meeting early to get to know one another before their flight today,\" Sam explained to them. PLEASE PLEASE REVIEW! I love reviews and I'm hoping y'all can help because I've never really been in a relationship so any ideas or tips will be more than welcomed. I love nice/helpful reviews![Chapter 3] The first chapter of their unofficial date! I so enjoyed writing this chapter for y'all. I hope y'all like it. Enjoy~ Honolulu, 2006 That Friday The week flew by quickly and Melody soon found herself at the hands of Sam and a hair brush. Melody backed up until she hit the wall and then she slid to the floor. Sam pulled her to a chair and sat her down. She knew sharing an apartment with Sam would bite her in the butt at some point for some reason, but not this. \"We have to do something with your curls besides putting it up in a braid,\" Sam pulled a brush through her hair. Melody bit back a yell that was threatening to escape her mouth. Her hair was knotted after sleeping with it down and showering and Sam wasn't being gentle. \"Damn, what does your younger sister do with hair?\" Sam asked frustrated when she had brushed it thoroughly and put some cream in it to tame it. \"She straightens it,\" Melody replied as she stood up and grabbed a small black clip and pulled a few strains on each side and clipped her hair out of her face. Sam glanced at her straightener and back at Melody. \"We don't have time,\" Melody grabbed a white camisole and put a see through long sleeve green shirt that went mid-thigh. She pulled knee high flat boots over her jeans. \"Next time you go on a date I get to straighten your hair,\" Sam signed pulling on a blue shirt with rhinestone cross with black designs around it on and black heels with her jean pants. \"Whatever you want,\" Melody didn't care what Sam did to her hair except she didn't want her hair to be dyed. \"Well let's go meet the guys,\" Sam pulled Melody off her bed and out the door. Melody didn't approve of this outing with the guys, she felt that Alex was a firecracker waiting to go off on someone he didn't like. \"I hate you for this,\" Melody told her friends as they walked to the bar they all met at. They planned to meet there and go to a dinner that both Alex and Stone swore had the best food. Melody and Stone had been meeting when they got off duty and sometimes for lunch. Usually in the mornings Melody ran on the beach instead of the base since she ran into Stone that one morning. She often found that he was a stickler for rules while she was one to bend them to the point of breaking. She knew she had a tendency to act a bit childish which wasn't always a good thing. \"Oh you will thank me one day when you and Stone get together,\" Sam smirked. She liked the idea of Melody being with Stone even if they are from two different branches of the armed forces. \"I doubt that,\" Melody was never really one to date much, but she did enjoy going out with friends a lot, but so far Sam is her only friend and she was about to be spending most of her free time with Alex. \"Opposites attract. He loves to stick by the rules and you like to bend them,\" Sam pointed out. They complimited each other so well that Alex and Admiral Shane both say that they are perfect for each other. \"I can't believe you told your dad and he's letting you go out with Alex and you told him that Stone and I are going out too,\" Melody glared at her friend. \"He doesn't think anything will happen between me and Alex and he's fond of Stone and wants to see him happy with a family other than his brother,\" Sam replied as they pulled up to the bar where Stone and Alex were outside waiting for them. Melody jumped into the back so Alex could sit up front with Sam while she and Stone stared out the windows for the short distance to the café. Stone got out and opened the door for her while Sam had to let herself out. Melody snickered at the look Sam was giving Alex. \"Who says chivalry is dead,\" Melody grabbed Stone's arm as they walked up to the café where he held the door open for her. Thankfully Alex caught on and held the door open for Sam who gave him a sweet smile. Alex grinned looked as though his face would split open. \"Looks like your brother is in heaven,\" Melody whispered to Stone as he pulled her seat out for her. All the elderly women swooned while the younger ones glared at their boyfriends. As independent as Melody was she loved the fact that Stone made her feel special. \"He couldn't stop talking about tonight all day. I had to smack the back of his head to get him to stop. He almost drove my whole crew nuts,\" Stone whispered back. Melody giggled making both Sam and Alex to look at her. Sam went to sit down, but Alex had pulled the chair out further than he needed to and she fell. \"Oh my God, Sam are you OK,\" Melody got out of her chair to see if her friend was OK. Stone couldn't help at the failed attempt of his brother to impress Sam. \"I'm fine Mels,\" Sam laughed as Alex helped her up. \"I'm sorry Sam,\" Alex apologized over and over again till Sam threatens to leave if he didn't shut up. \"So how's the Navy going,\" Sam asked the guys once they order their drinks. She couldn't think of anything else to start with and no one else was saying anything. \"You get used to it,\" Alex shrugged. Not wanting to say he still hated it to her because her father is one of the reasons he still didn't like it. He felt like the man thought he would never amount to anything and would never be good enough for his daughter. \"He hates the fact that everyone still calls him Alex and not Hopper,\" Stone replied as he looked over the menu he was sharing with Melody. \"I like the name Alex,\" Melody looked at Stone who shook his head. She liked it because it was short for Alexander and Alexadria which were both powerful names. \"It wouldn't be so bad if it was short for Alexander but it's just Alex and it's not a strong name like Stone,\" Alex replied. He liked Melody as a friend and knew she would be a good person to goof off with as long as he didn't push too far. \"Whatever makes you happy,\" Melody shrugged as their waitress named Katie came and took their order and gave them their drinks. She gave Stone and Alex both winks which caused Melody and Sam to send her glares. Katie giggled at how protective of the men they were already. Stone chuckled and patted Melody's and while Alex wrapped his arm around Sam. \"We come here so often that she knows us,\" Stone assured them both though he was confused as to why Melody glared at Katie when they were only friends and not like Sam and Alex who were hoping to start a relationship. Sam grinned and leaned on Alex when he pulled her chair closer to him. Melody grabbed Stone's hand when it stopped and rested on top of hers. She didn't know why she did but it felt natural to her and it seemed like it did to Stone as well. \"So the place is that good,\" Melody smirked at Stone who nodded taking a sip of his beer. \"So how did you two meet,\" Stone asked Melody and Sam. Melody grinned while Sam turned away. So how's the start of their first date? Was there anything wrong with the chapter? Well I hope you can find the time to leave a review![Chapter 4] Part two of their unofficial date! I hope you enjoyed the first part! Enjoy~ Honolulu, 2006 Same Day \"Well I was running on the beach like I do every morning where I saw Sam trip in the sand and she struggled like she was in quicksand or something. So being the nice person I am I went to help her and she was so hung over that she couldn't walk and she proceed to throw up on me as I helped her back to the barracks where I was staying at the time,\" Melody giggled as Stone chuckled and Alex just laughed. Sam hit him in the chest while sending a warning glare at Stone. \"My dad is never to hear any of that. Got it,\" she threatens both men at the table who could only nod. Sam knew Melody was going to use it as black mail one day and there was no stopping her. Katie came and drops their food of without a wink at the guys and went to take the order of another table. \"Oh lord this is so good,\" Melody nearly moaned when the chicken parmesan melted in her mouth. Sam nodded with a dreamy look in her eyes. \"What did we say,\" Alex bragged about the place. Stone had taken him here for his birthday once before he turned twenty-one. \"Bragging isn't very becoming Hopper,\" Melody warned with a wink. Sam giggled with a little of the water she had drank escaping her lips. Stone smirked at Alex as he helped dab the water off his date. \"I swear those two enjoy making fun of me whenever they can,\" Alex muttered to Sam. Unfortunately for him Melody heard him. \"But that's a sign of affection Hopper,\" Melody pouted him giving him the puppy dog eyes. Sam grinned when she realized that she wanted him to feel bad. \"Don't look at me with those eyes. They don't work,\" Alex warned her. Melody blinked and looked down at her lap. She had an older brother that she had do everything she wanted him to. \"Fine! I like it when you pick on me because I know it's your goofy way of showing that you care for me.\" \"Awesome,\" Melody clapped with a huge grin on her face. \"You have your hands full with that one,\" Alex warned his brother. Stone shook his head at his brother; Melody wasn't that bad she just knew how to get her way. Damn he was screwed if those eyes were pointed his way. \"Would any of you care for dessert,\" Katie came by to pick up the plates. \"Sure, Melody and I will share a slice of your chocolate cake and Alex and Sam would like strawberry cheesecake,\" Stone order for all of them. \"Got ya,\" Katie smiled and walked away. \"Ordering for us already Stone,\" Melody smirked. She liked that he already knew what she liked to eat for dessert. \"Figured you wouldn't mind,\" he shrugged. Melody grinned in reply with a small wink. \"So why do we have to share,\" Sam asked. She didn't mind share, but she loved cheesecake and could finish a whole thing by herself. \"It keeps you from eating too much what was it carbs? And have to go running in the morning with Melody,\" Stone smirked. Melody laughed while Sam groaned. \"You are so the best,\" Melody grinned looking at Stone. She was ecstatic that she and Stone got along so well. \"Here you go lovebirds,\" Katie dropped both desserts and walked away. The slices were bigger than normal. \"No moaning this time Melody,\" Sam giggled taking a bite of the strawberry cheesecake and moaned. \"You should take your own advice,\" Melody laughed taking a bite of the chocolate cake and smiled. \"Sam we need to come here more often.\" \"Not without us,\" Alex took a bite of his cheesecake. Tonight had been the best thing to happen in a long time even if his brother and his date were here as well. \"I suppose we can bring them as well,\" Melody sighed as Stone patted her back. She really liked being out with Stone and Alex as well as Sam. She had forgotten what it felt like to be out with friends again. All of hers went to different branches and when she made new ones and her squad they were separated to accommodate all the rookies that were coming in. \"They're not that bad,\" Sam pointed out. Melody could notice that Alex managed to impress her and that was bad news for her dad. Alex may become a permeate part of Sam's life and Melody doubt that he could be chased away by an over protective father. \"That's because you haven't had to deal with Alex for long periods of time yet,\" Stone pointed out. Melody had gotten stuck with him in a locker room because Alex thought it would be funny to put the lock on the outside and he annoyed people who locked him in there and unfortunately Melody had been in there asking him something. \"I will never be the same after being stuck with him for three hours alone,\" Melody shivered. Stone squeezed her shoulders. \"It wasn't that bad,\" Alex told Sam. Sam nodded thinking that Melody was over exaggerating again. \"All he could talk about was his tonight and what he should wear and what would impress Sam the entire time and Sam I love you, but I can only talk about you for so long before I go nuts,\" Melody told her friend. \"Was that the day that you wouldn't talk to me and just went to your room muttering and wouldn't come out for dinner with my dad,\" Sam asked. She wondered why her dad wasn't surprised or mad that Melody wouldn't leave her room. \"That would be the day,\" Melody nodded as Katie came back with the bill. Stone grabbed it before Melody could. \"I'll be paying for this,\" Stone said as he grabbed a few bills and placed them on the table with the check and left some for the tip. \"I hate people paying for me,\" Melody grumbled as they headed out the door. \"Well to bad. Stone has a habit of paying for everyone,\" Alex pointed out remembering that he took a few friends out to eat once and Stone picked up the tab. Melody nodded and got on the car and leaned on Stone's shoulder when he got in. She was tired and it wasn't even that late. Sam drove them to Stone's apartment even though he protested against it. Melody walked Stone up to the doo to give Sam and Alex a little alone time. \"Tonight was great,\" Melody kissed his cheek. Melody grinned and headed downstairs where she saw Alex kiss Sam. She smiled for her friend. How was the whole date? I felt like it was overly sweet, but I like it like that. Can y'all give me any ideas on the next chapter? Please leave a review, I would like five nice/helpful reviews![Chapter 5] I love y'all so much I'm updating early! So this one takes a month after the last one but after the next chapter the story will be skipping several months so get ready. This is a chapter that most of you have been looking forward to. Enjoy~ Honolulu, June 2006 Melody glared at the straightener in Sam's hand as she grabbed a couple strains of her hair and ran it through it. She was glade Sam had an amazing straightener or they could be there for hours straightening her hair. \"I can't believe I agreed to this,\" Melody hated straightening her hair because it was just frying it, but she went and grabbed stuff that should prevent that. She had a bad experience where her sister fried her hair so bad she had to cut like six inches off. \"You just didn't see what everyone else saw a month ago,\" Sam grinned. Stone had actually asked Melody out a week ago. He bought her a sing white rose and gave it to her at lunch while asking her if she would join him for dinner on Saturday in little over a week. Melody glanced at the rose and smiled. \"I wasn't actively looking for a guy to date. It just happens to be something special about Stone,\" Melody had a dreamy look on her face. Same shook her head as she put Melody's hair up in an elegant, but messy bun with a few strains framing her face. Sam grabbed a light pink dress that was strapless and ended at her knees. The skirt was layered making it stand out more. Melody slipped on the dress before grabbing while heels and a shawl to match the heels and a light pink clutch. Sam stood back looking at her handy work. The make-up she had put on Melody made her eyes pop. \"You look stunning,\" Sam smiled as the doorbell rang. \"I'll get that! I wouldn't want to spoil your grand entrance,\" Sam disappeared down the stairs. Melody followed her and waited for the front door to be opened and closed. Melody thanked whatever god there was that their apartment was two stories leaving the bedrooms separate from the rest of the house. She walked down the stairs remembering both of her proms. She smiled seeing Stone in black slacks and a light blue dress shirt with the top two buttons undone. \"You look absolutely beautiful,\" Stone whispered when she reached him. Melody blushed and took the flowers he had brought for her. They look like they could be hibiscus which was one of her favorite flowers. \"You don't look too bad yourself hotshot,\" Melody smiled up at him. He was a little over a foot taller than her. Melody handed the flowers to Sam to put them in a vase. \"Shall we,\" Stone offered his arm to her as he opened the door for them. Sam smiled at both of them wondering how Stone and Alex turned out so differently. \"We shall,\" Melody giggled taking his offered arm. She loved that Stone was such a gentleman; it made her feel like she was on top of the world. \"I want her home by ten tomorrow morning Stone,\" Sam yelled out the door after them. Sam knew that Stone was too much of gentleman to try anything on the first date to say anything like else like Melody had when Alex picked her up for their first date. \"Who needs parents when you have Sam,\" Melody asked Stone as he opened the door of his truck for her. Melody knew Sam was just getting her back and it could have been a lot worse. \"If I remember you did pretty much the same thing to her and Alex except you added that they needed to use protection and that you weren't ready to be an aunt,\" Stone laughed. He felt like Alex deserved it though he would never say anything like that in front of the Admirals daughter and he knew he saw Melody like a second daughter to him. \"You should have seen the looks Alex was giving her. I doubt you want to be an uncle when it's the admiral's daughter and he may just get rid of Alex,\" Melody smirked. Stone chuckled parking in front of a lovely restraunt. \"Wow, this place looks amazing,\" Melody grinned when Stone opened her door for her. \"I aim to please,\" Stone took her arm and they walked into the restraunt together. Melody was glad that this place wasn't super fancy and made her feel like she didn't belong. She also knew this place offered discount to those who serve their country. \"I am Nick and I will be your waiter for the night,\" he winked at Melody who grabbed Stone's hand. Nick looked a little rejected, but he managed to keep a smile on his face. Stone ordered for the both of them. He ordered red wine for him and a glass of water for Melody and steak for both of them. Melody glanced around a noticed that they were getting a lot of stares from everyone there. \"They're all jealous of you beauty,\" Stone whispered to her. Melody blushed and looked down at the table. Stone put a finger under her chin and lifted her head till she was looking at him in the eyes. \"Don't be embarrassed about something that is true.\" \"Are you sure they're not looking at how handsome you are,\" Melody whispered making Stone look away. \"Now who's acting embarrassed,\" Melody smiled. \"Well played,\" Stone smirked. Neither of them were used to compliments about their appearances. \"Here are your drinks and your food will be out in a few minutes,\" Nick placed their drinks on the table and walked away. \"I think he's upset that you're taken,\" Stone smirked at her. Stone was beyond ecstatic that Melody had agreed to go out with him and that she wasn't even looking at any other guy in the room. \"Oh well I already have the perfect guy,\" Melody winked at him. He was perfect for her and she was blind when everyone tried to tell her, but being here with him made everything clear for her. She knew this wasn't going to be easy because they are so different but she was willing to try to make it work as long as he was too. So this was part one of the date and its super sweet. Review if you want the second one posted soon! I hope you can leave a kind/helpful review![Chapter 6] Part two of their official date! I'm so beyond happy that y'all are enjoying this story! Enjoy~ Honolulu, June 2006 \"I'm your perfect guy,\" Stone smirked looking straight at her. Melody felt her face heat up under his stare. She guessed that slipped out instead of telling him that he had nothing to worry about and instead she tells him that he's perfect. \"Of course you are. You have a job, clean up after yourself, and you take the time to understand me,\" Melody replied looking at him. Her exs never took the time to understand her. They talked to her and knew what she liked and disliked but that was it. \"So I'm basically the opposite of my brother who only recently got a job,\" Stone smirked. \"So what's with the straight hair,\" Stone held a few strands in his hand. He loved to play with her hair and was a little disappointed to see that it was straighten. \"Oh I um told Sam she could straighten my hair for my next date when we went out with her and Alex,\" Melody mumbled. She knew she looked different with her hair being straight instead of its normal curly mess. She never felt comfortable with her hair being straight which is why it didn't happen very often. \"It looks nice, but I like your curly hair more,\" Stone spun the strains he had in his hand. Melody gave him a soft smile. No one else liked her curly hair; in fact they asked why she didn't straighten it like her younger sister did. She hated that and wondered why they couldn't accept the way she looked and the way she was. \"Thank you,\" Melody whispered as Nick came back with their food. The smell alone made her mouth water. Stone watched her as she took the first bite and chuckled and the grin that appeared on her face. \"This is amazing!\" She wasn't overly found of meat, but this was beyond what her dad could do on the grill. \"Thought you would enjoy it,\" Stone laughed as they continued their meal in silence. Stone could tell that Melody was enjoying herself and that made the date worth it. He felt his heart flutter each time she gave him a smile that light up the room. She felt the same way about him and his chuckle melted her heart each time she heard it. \"Can I get you dessert,\" Nick asked them as he came back for the dirty dishes. Stone looked at Melody who shook her head. She was beyond full and couldn't wait to leave because she knew Nick kept staring at her even though he knew that she was he with Stone. She had a feeling that Stone knew but was about to start anything in a nice restraunt where there were a few kids. \"No I think we're good,\" Stone smiled at Melody. He could tell Melody was more than full and was starting to look a little sleepy. Stone paid the bill and they left. He opened the door for her and he drove them to the beach where he helped her out. The sun was getting ready to set and he heard Melody talk about the sunsets in Texas and how she shared them with her best friend. He grabbed blankets and pillows and set them in the back of the truck. Melody grinned knowing that they would be spending the night here. Melody could see that his eye were playful as hers must look. Melody took off her shoes and ran to the water. Stone took off his socks and shoes and chased after her. Melody ran to the water and splashed water at him and laughed as he splashed her back. Melody squealed and took off running through the water. Stone chased her and grabbed her around her waist. Melody laughed as he kissed her neck and spun around her and kissed her lips. He pulled hair tie that was keeping her up out and it fell down to her back. His hands weaved themselves into her hair and found themselves on her back. \"Melody will you do me the honor of being my girlfriend,\" Stone asked looking into her eyes. Melody's eyes lit up and kissed him. \"I'll take that as a yes,\" Stone laughed when they separated. He was glad that she was here with him on this beach instead of being with some other guy at some other place. \"You better,\" Melody giggled taking off toward his truck, but fell into the water. Stone went to help her, but she pulled him down with her. Stone glared at her when she splashed him in the face. He noticed that her hair was already beginning to curl already. She crawled out of the water and took off toward his truck and managed to beat him there. She was laying on the pillows covered up when Stone caught up. Stone laid next to her as the sun set and the stars came out. Melody gazed at the stares with Stone who pulled her close to him. She pointed out the constellations that she knew and Stone pointed out a few that she didn't know. She felt like this date was perfect and nothing else could make it better. She now knew why Sam said she didn't have to be home till ten tomorrow morning. She yawned and cuddled up with Stone who pulled her close. Though they knew their clothes were wet it was a warm night and the blanket kept them warm enough that they weren't going to get sick from staying outside all night with wet clothes. Melody closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep with Stone's strong arms around her and his heart beat soothing her. She woke up on Stone's chest with Stone smiling at her. \"Good morning sleepy head,\" he kissed her. Melody gave him a sleepy smile before they watched the sunset together. \"There's nothing better than falling asleep gazing at the stars with someone you love and waking up to watch the sunrise with the same person,\" Melody smiled before gazing up at him. Stone smiled and kissed her forehead. So how's their first official date? Well the next one may not be as happy as this one but it will finish up 2006 and move on to 2007. Please take a moment to leave a kind/helpful review![Chapter 7] Well this is the last chapter for this year and the next chapter will be some time next year. Enjoy~ Honolulu, December 2006 Melody grinned as she down the street to the little cafe that Stone had asked to meet her there. She was carrying his present for Christmas. She was going home because her older brother got time off from overseas and would be there for Christmas before he shipped off again. She smiled as she pushed the door open and her gift fell from her hands. In front of her was Stone kissing Katie. Melody's eyes watered up as she wiped them off before running away. She felt her heart break with each step she took down the sidewalk. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Stone pushed Katie away from her and she fell down on her butt. Stone's eyes narrowed down at the women now on the floor. He had thought her as a close friend who seemed to think it was more than what it was. \"Katie I am in a relationship and I'm quite happy with her,\" Stone stepped away from her. He couldn't believe that Katie would do this knowing that he and Melody were happy together. \"I think it's over now,\" Katie smirked looking at the fallen present. She saw Melody walk in to the cafe. Stone looked at the present and picked it up: To: Stone my one true love. Stone glared at Katie before taking off after Melody who he knew was leaving that day and he wasn't going to let her leave like this. The streets blurred as he ran to the apartment Melody and Sam shared. By the time he reached the building he saw that Melody's truck was gone and Sam was glaring at him from the steps. \"How the hell could you do that to Melody,\" Sam yelled at him. He could tell that he had angry tears in her eyes. He was hoping that Melody let someone use her truck instead of driving herself to the airport early. \"Sam I love Melody! I would never do that to her. Katie had been chasing after me for some time, but I thought she had gotten over it. Apparently she hadn't and she kissed me. Melody must have walked in before I could push her away,\" Stone was near tears. Sam stared into his eyes to see if there was any hint of lies. \"She's heading to the airport. I'll take you there,\" Sam headed to her car with keys in hand already. She felt that this was cliché; it was almost so over done in romance novels and movies that you had to take a second look at it. Too bad Melody wasn't much into romance genre as she was to action/adventure. \"Thank you Sam,\" Stone told her as she pulled out of the driveway. She was speeding the entire way to the airport and thankfully the one cop they passed looked the other way. As soon as Sam stopped Stone was already out of the car running to the building. He saw Melody enter the building and he yelled for her to wait. Melody glanced out the glass door and saw Stone. She was going to hear him out like Sam told her. Sam said it was cliché and that she needs to pay more attention to the romance genre. Stone was out of breath by the time he reached her. \"Melody I love you and apparently I was wrong about Katie. She was chasing after me and I thought she had gotten over it when she saw you with me, but it made her do something drastic and she kissed me knowing I was waiting for you,\" Stone looked at her in the eyes. \"How do I know that you're telling me the truth,\" Melody asked. She was in the same situation with one of her exs and it was just as it appeared. He had gotten tired of waiting for Melody to have sex with him and he moved on to another girl who would without telling Melody. \"I am nothing like your past boyfriends and I would do nothing to hurt you Mels. You are my one true love and I'm willing to do anything to prove it,\" Stone looked down at her. \"I believe you,\" Melody wrapped her arms around Stone's neck and Stone kissed her. Everyone around them awed including Sam who had walked in after Stone. \"I told you that this was too cliché,\" Sam smiled at them. She was glad that Stone was the man that she thought he was and the kind of man that Melody needed because he was willing to try and work through the tough spots with her. \"Sam the same thing happened with an ex and it turned out they were cheating on me and forgot that we were meeting,\" Melody mumbled into Stone's chest. She hadn't told Sam about all of her exs and apparently this one escaped her tales of the guys she had been with. \"Damn. Why must most guys be jerks,\" Sam wondered out loud. She had dealt with her own set of jerks before meeting Alex who was a sweetheart once you got past all of his faults. \"Because it makes finding the right one worth it,\" Melody smiled at Stone. Stone kissed her cheek making her giggle. He loved making her giggle like a little kid. \"Here's your present,\" Stone handed her a small box. It took him forever to pick out the right gift and he had to call Sam several time to help him. \"Oh I dropped yours,\" Melody mumbled taking her gift from him. She couldn't believe that she had dropped it after it took so long to find. \"It's ok I grabbed it,\" Stone smirked holding it out. Melody let out a sigh when she saw the gift she had gotten him. Melody grinned at he opened it and inside was a watch with the Navy crest in it. \"Thank you Mels,\" Stone whispered kissing her. Melody opened her present and inside was a crystal lined heart that had love written in cursive coated in gold. \"It's perfect,\" Melody hugged him. \"Well I need to get going.\" Melody gave him one last kiss and she slipped him her keys as she walked to the line. So when should the next chapter take place? I hope get some reviews from y'all! Well please take the time to leave a kind/helpful review![Chapter 8] So it's a new year in the story and it will being going a whole lot faster from now on or at least I hope it does. I hope you enjoy this chapter! Enjoy~ Honolulu March 2007 It was Melody's birthday and Stone was pacing back in forth in his apartment. He wanted to ask Melody to move in with him since she and Alex had switched places and Sam loved the idea, but she refused to tell her dad. Stone glanced at the clock before heading to the kitchen. He pulled the chicken out of the oven and made Melody's and his plate before moving to put it on the table and went to get the glasses of wine. He glanced at the single pink rose in the vase that sat in the middle of the table before grabbing the lighter. He lit the candles he placed around the room before turning off the lights. He smirked hearing the front door open. \"Stone I'm home,\" Melody yelled looking into the dining room that had a soft glow. Arms wrapped behind her and brought her in for a sweet kiss. Melody smiled into the kiss before pulling away. She loved the way his kissed always glued her to the floor. \"Happy birthday Hun,\" Stone whispered. He didn't want to ruin the moment with talking. He just wanted to hold Melody close to him after a long day at the base without seeing since the night before. \"Thank you, love,\" Melody whispered laying her head on his chest. She was more than happy to stay in his embrace a while longer. She wished he would go running in the morning with her, but he enjoyed sleeping in before having to deal with his brother all day. \"So what happen to having lunch together,\" Stone asked. He wasn't mad that she couldn't make it, but he was curious as to why she was unable to make it. \"James planes engine wouldn't start and I was the only one around who was able to fix it and I had them stay to learn so none of us got lunch,\" Melody sighed. She hated being on a team with noobies. They didn't know anything about the plane they were given to fly. \"Damn that must have really sucked,\" Stone was suddenly glade he only had a few noobies and they were given mentors in their area of expertise instead of him having to help each one of them. \"So you hungry,\" he asked with a grin. \"Starving,\" Melody laughed as Stone lead her to the table. She pulled him into a kiss once she saw that he had cooked dinner without burning it. \"You learned not to burn chicken or the mash potatoes.\" \"Yeah well I had I good teacher,\" Stone winked and Melody. Melody laughed and started on her meal with a smile. She was just happy being with him on her birthday and he went out of his way to cook for her. \"It was delicious,\" Melody smiled out him as he brought out a cheesecake that he had bought for her. She smiled when she noticed that he had bought it instead of attempting to bake it for her not that she minded. \"Thank you,\" Stone lit a single candle for her to blow out. He wanted to know what she wished for when he saw her wink before she before she blew out the candle. He had a feeling she wouldn't tell him even if he got on his knees a begged her to. \"No speech,\" Melody asked remember they night she had met him almost a year ago. He was giving his brother a speech that was ignored. She was half expecting him to, and was a little disappointed that he hadn't looked up a quote for her. \"You don't need a speech like he did,\" Stone smirked at her. He felt bad when he saw her pout, but he smiled when she did. \"Mels I have something important to ask you.\" Melody nodded for him to continue. \"You know how you pretty much live here while Alex lives with Sam?\" \"Yes,\" Melody fought to keep the grin off her face as he took a deep breath before continuing. It seemed that her wish was coming true without giving any hints as to what it was that she really wanted. \"I was uh wondering if you would um move in with me,\" Stone looked away. He never asked a woman to move in with him because he had his brother sleeping on his couch. \"I would love to after all it was what I wished for,\" Melody scooted next to him and kissed him. Stone grinned and lead her to what was now their room. Melody giggled as he kissed her neck and his hands went to the hem of her shirt as he pulled it over her head. Her hands went to pulling off his shirt while he worked on her bra. Her hands explored his toned torso when she felt his hand pulled down her pants and underwear. She felt the need to cover up, but he pulled her hands away and gazed before pulling her into a searing kiss. \"I think you're over dressed, love,\" Melody pulled his remaining clothing. She gazed up at him before pulling him to her. He pulled away and opens the desk and pulled out a condom. The soon all of their clothes were gone and they were under sheets with above her. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ \"You have made this the best birthday ever,\" Melody whispered in their afterglow. She had never felt like this this about a man ever. Stone kissed her forehead and pulled her close before drifting off to sleep with her in his arms. Melody snuggled closer and drifted off as well. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Alex opened the door and noticed all the lights were off and the house smelled like scented candles. He went to the tables and noticed that the table hadn't been cleared. He was surprised that he neat freak of a brother and Melody had left it like that. He walked to Stone's room which the door was wide open. He glanced in a noticed that the sheets were around Stone's and Melody's waist. He closed his eyes and walked out of the apartment wishing the image to go away. So how was this lovely chapter? Is there relation moving too fast or is it just going the right pace? Please take the time to leave a helpful/kind review![Chapter 9] Wow! I didn't think I would be this far in the story already. Well here is another chapter I'm sure you will love! Enjoy~ Honolulu, June 2007 Sam threw the frisbee to Alex, but Melody ran between them and grabbed it throwing it to Stone. Alex caught it and threw it to Stone who was allowed to catch it without anyone interfering. They had gotten to the beach early so that they could spend the whole day out there. They started off playing frisbee because hardly anyone was there and they were allowed to run around without being rude to someone. As lunch time got closer the more people there was. Melody grinned before dragging Sam to the water pushing her in. Sam glared at her friend who was running in the water playing with the little kids who happen to pull her away from Sam once she pushed her friend into the water. Sam laughed as Melody was squirted by water guns by the little kids. Sam went to join Alex and Stone at their little place near the water. \"She loves playing with kids,\" Sam told Stone when she settled down between him and Alex. She liked the proud smile that Stone was wearing as Melody played with the younger kids in the water. Sam knew Melody wanted her own kids some day and wondered if Stone did too. \"I know,\" Stone replied as Melody was pushed into the water and the little kids climbed all over her. She had told him about her friend who had gotten pregnant at age fourteen and she had kept the baby. Melody watched the baby and still did when she went to visit. She missed having kids to play with, but she was happier here with Stone then she would be back in Texas, or at least that's what she told him. He watched as Melody filled a bucket full of water and walked toward them. She smirked and tossed all of the water on Stone who had been dry up to that point. Melody grinned running into the ocean as Stone chased after here. Sam and Alex laughed as Melody splashed Stone when he got too close to her and she slipped. She giggled when Stone picked her up and slung her over his shoulder with her hitting his back. Stone laughed and dropped next to her Sam. Melody groaned grabbing the sandwich that Sam had made for her. She loved the days that all four of them spent together out on the beach. It was the middle of summer and all the tourist were out in the water or lounging on the beach. \"I hate it when the beach is full of people,\" Melody groaned as someone kicked sand onto her sandwich that she was holding near her lap. Sam nodded as they got up to go back to the beach near the base where only a few people went. It was getting late and they wanted to have a bon fire there with a few people that they knew. Melody grabbed her towel and the picnic basket and ran to Stone's truck. Melody grinned when he got into the driver seat and kissed her. \"Today has been relaxing,\" he smirked when he pulled away from her. The week days had a tendency to be stressful for both of them since they got word that they would be going to sea for a few days to make sure they would be ready if they were ever needed for war. Last time they went out someone and a different ship than Stone and Alex had messed up and almost shot had nearly shot Stone's ship out of the water. Melody's squad was flying above them to report on how everything went and it was safe to say that Admiral Shane wasn't happy with their report. \"This year has to be better than last year,\" Melody replied holding his hand. His thumb rubbed circles on the back of it. This simple action relaxed her further as he drove to their destination. \"I really hope you're right,\" Stone didn't like the idea of dying during a training exercise. Melody gave him a reassuring squeeze when he turned off the truck. She jumped out of the truck and ran to her squad and jumped on one off them causing him to fall. Stone got out of the truck smiling as Melody was given hugs from everyone that was already there. He glanced at Alex as they arrived next to him. \"Where does she get all of this energy from,\" Alex asked as Melody ran away from her squad. She seemed to have more energy than all of them combine. \"I've been trying to figure that out since I met her,\" Sam laughed to go joined Melody and everyone else. Sam smirked as Jace tried to hand Melody a beer who shook her head before running to her. Melody smirked at her before passing her by. \"I bet she's a lot of fun in bed,\" Alex winked at Stone before running to his girlfriend. Alex looked back and laughed when he saw how red Stone had gotten. Melody wrapped her arms around Stone and pulled him to the fire they had just started. He watched as Sam handed Melody a marshmallow to roast. Tonight was going to be a dun night in the words of his brother. He gazed up at the sky as the fireworks went off. Melody leaned on his shoulder and he wrapped an arm around her. A blanket was placed on them by Jace who was a man in Melody's squad who respected her the second he saw her and was fast friends with both her and Stone. While the rest of her squad complied that they had a woman as there commander and demanded that they be sent to where they could have a male commander. Melody yawned and snuggled into his shoulder. He kissed her forehead as they laid on the beach surrounded by their friends. This was a night that he was going to remember for a long time. How was this fluffy chapter for you? Well I hope you can take a moment of your time to leave a kind/helpful review![Chapter 10] So this is the last chapter for 2007. A new character is being introduced and I hope you tell me what you think of him. Enjoy~ Honolulu, August 2007 Melody leaned against Stone as she searched through all of the people pouring out of the airport for her older brother. He was stationed here for a few months to help train a few marines before they got sent to the Middle East. Melody was glad to have her older brother nearby and knew that he was going to enjoy his post here. He had the patients of a saint when it came to teaching people how to fight and shoot. \"So what's your brother like,\" Stone asked looking down at her. Melody's eyes never left the doors and her brother refused to let her make a sign with his name on it. He asked Melody about her family and could tell that this was her favorite sibling of the three she had. \"Well Mickey as amazing,\" Melody smirked. \"Since I was an army brat and we moved every few months I was always the new kid and never had any real lasting friends. So I naturally got picked on a lot during school and he would protect me when he found out. I tried to handle it myself, but things tended to get out of hand.\" Stone chuckled hearing this. He remembers the how Melody fought with four of the guys on her squad when they got here. \"Oh there he is,\" Melody pointed at a man that was around his age and had short brown hair and sharp green eyes that was looking up at the roof tops before heading toward them. Melody was jumping up and down waving her arms in the air. Stone put his hands on her shoulders to get her to stop jumping making the Mike, who was a few steps away, chuckle as his sister wiggled under her boyfriend's hands. \"Hey Mels,\" Mike grinned receiving a bear hug from Melody. Stone chuckled before pulling her off of her brother. \"You must be Stone,\" Mike held his hand out for Stone to shake. Mike was glade that Melody had found a guy like Stone. He knew about the incident that happened before her flight home during the holidays. He wanted to go and strangle Katie when he had found out, but he knew not to his a woman no matter how much they deserved it. \"Indeed I am,\" he shook Mikes hand. Melody grabbed her brother's suite case and tossed it into the bed of Stone's truck. Alex had her truck for who knows what and Melody wasn't interested in knowing after finding strange things behind the seat last time he and Sam had it. \"Well let's get going to drop his stuff at the barracks before heading to lunch,\" Melody grabbed both of their hands. Stone was glade that none of them were really big or the ride in his truck would have been extremely uncomfortable. Melody held one of her hands on her lap as Mike told them a story that happened while he was in the desert. She was glad her brother wasn't on a bomb squad. She shuddered to think about the anxiety should would have if he was not to mention his girlfriend Krissy. Krissy was moving out here to be with him and was hoping to her the apartment right next to Stone and Melody. Melody and Stone waited in the truck while Mike went to put his stuff in his room that he was staying in for three days while he went through all the paper work for the apartment and hopefully Krissy would be by then to help him set the apartment up like the one they share back home. Mike grinned jumping back in the truck when he saw Melody leaning on Stones shoulder drawing pictures on his leg with her figures. It seemed that he wasn't the only one in the family to finally find the one they were meant to be with for the rest of their lives with. He believed in destiny and that everyone had a soul mate. It's just took him longer than it did his sister. Stone drove them to the little cafe that Melody had been avoiding like the plague since the incident. Melody mood seemed to dampen a bit before jumping on to Mike's back. He carried her into the cafe and dropped her into the seat that Stone had pulled out. \"Hello may I take your orders,\" Katie came over to their table. Mike glanced it her name tag and his fist tighten. He was wondering why Melody's mood seemed to dampen when they pulled up. Mike glared at her why they all ordered water. \"Why did we come here,\" he asked Stone. He didn't want his sister uncomfortable because of the woman that wanted her boyfriend was working today. \"Because it has the best food you will ever eat,\" Melody answered for him. Stone squeezed her hand when he saw Katie coming back with their drinks. He loved coming here and was hoping Melody would be able to come back without trying to strangle Katie, but it was clear that it was her brother that he had to watch out for. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Melody felt uncomfortable as Katie flirted with both Stone and Mike. She could tell both of them were getting annoyed by her advances and she was considering slapping her to get her away from both of them. Katie came and handed the bill to Mike with a wink before sashaying away. Mike got up and walked up to the front to pay the bill and she could see that he was saying something to Katie. Melody wondered what he said to make her eyes water with unshed tears. \"She won't be bothering us anymore,\" Mike replied as they walked out of the cafe. Melody smirked knowing that he only had a few words with Katie and that was all he was going to do. Krissy was the one that she was afraid would hurt Katie. Krissy was a martial arts teacher who was teaching Melody new moves each time they hung out together in an area that they could maneuver in. So what do you think about the story? Is it to fluffy? Should I try to add more drama? I hope you leave a kind/helpful review![Chapter 11] A new year in my lovely story! Getting closer to the alien attacks! I'm sorry if this offends anyone religious or not! Enjoy~ Honolulu, March 2008 Melody grinned as she snagged an egg shaped Resses from her brothers hand. Krissy managed to get them so go to church on this fine Easter Sunday. She let Stone stay home and get a little extra sleep because he had a harder week on the base as new navy recruits had just came and even though none of them were going on his ship he still had to go around and see how they were adjusting. Being in the Navy wasn't for everyone. Melody grabbed her brother's arm who grabbed Krissy's hand before Melody took off running to the church. She smirked when she saw Sam without Alex and dropped Mike's hand and ran to her. Sam laughed giving her friend a hug. \"So how it with your older brother living next door,\" Sam gave Melody a sly smirk. Sam knew that this line of conversation embarrassed her friend. What she didn't know was that she listens to Stone have a similar conversation with Alex just weeks before. \"Same as when I lived with you and Hopper came over for the night,\" Melody winked at her. Sam blushed wondering how Melody managed to turn the tables when her brother wrapped an arm around Melody's shoulders. \"Hey Sam! I think Melody has been hanging around Stone too much if she's making you blush,\" Krissy grinned at the young women in front of her. She loved the fact that Stone managed bring out the sassiness in Melody and didn't make her grow up like the last boyfriend did. He thought that she should leave the air force and become a house wife with kids. \"Is that where all this sass is coming from,\" Mike asked looking at his little sister. Melody grinned before grabbing Sam's arm and went into the church. Melody and Sam rarely went to church, but they made sure to come a few times a year to bask in that is Holy. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Melody tried to focus on what the pasture was saying, but Melody was up with Stone most of the night distressing. Melody felt Sam's elbow hit her in the ribs when she started to fall asleep again. Melody glared at Sam who glared right back as the sermon came to an end. \"Why did you come if you were going to fall asleep,\" Sam asked. She knew Melody didn't like going to church because she tend to fall asleep in the middle of it. \"I didn't know I was going to be up late last night,\" Melody smirked. She turned a light shade of pink, but her now tan skin hide it from Sam. \"Was it that kind of late night,\" Krissy asked looking at Melody. Krissy was curious in Melody's love life because it's never gone as far as it has with Stone before. \"I doubt my brother really wants to hear this conversation,\" Melody pointed out. Mike loved to talk about this with the guys, but not when it involved his baby sister. \"She's right. I don't want to hear this. Why don't y'all plan for a girl's day or something next weekend,\" he suggested completely ignoring Melody's glare. \"We should so do that! I saw a spa we can go to,\" Krissy grinned looking at Sam. Melody smacked the back of her brother's head. \"We should go shopping too! I know Melody has plenty of money to get a new wardrobe that she really needs,\" Sam grinned ignoring her pouting friend. \"Why don't y'all just shot me and put me out of my misery,\" Melody mumbled as they reached the little cafe. She grinned when she accidently walked into Stone's chest. \"Because then who would I come home to at night,\" Stone asked wrapping his arms around Melody. Melody giggled when he kissed the top of her head. \"What are you guys doing to Melody and can I help,\" Alex asked after giving Sam a passionate kiss. \"Oh were planning a girls day next weekend and Melody hates that,\" Krissy giggled sitting down at the table that Stone and Alex had been sitting at. \"It includes shopping doesn't it,\" Stone asked knowingly. \"How did you know,\" Krissy asked. She didn't know that Stone had tried taking her shopping for anything. \"When she moved in we went to get new furniture and she refused to leave the apartment and then the truck,\" Stone looked pointedly at his girlfriend who just shrugged. \"I really hate shopping unless its food,\" Melody pointed out. She didn't care if her clothes were name brand or not or what kind of couch they got as long as it was comfortable, but food was a different story. \"That's the only good thing. I no longer have to go grocery shopping and everything is in season,\" Stone grinned. He was happy that Melody wasn't the type to spend all the money on clothes, but he wouldn't mind if she had a girl day with her friends. \"I wish Krissy was like Melody. She spends a lot on clothes then makes me do the grocery shopping and don't get me started on the furniture,\" Mike told Stone. Krissy huffed and turned away with her arms over her chest. \"I love you for it baby,\" Mike tried to get his girlfriend to look at him. Krissy got up and went to share the same seat as Melody. \"Don't worry mike Sam is the same way except she will only spend so much on clothes and the rest goes to saving up for a house,\" Alex grabbed Sam's hand. Sam smiled at Alex and kissed his cheek. \"Why is Krissy the only one to get mad when we talk about them,\" Mike groaned as the food was placed in front of them. Krissy smirked pushing Melody on to Stone's lap. Melody laughed and kissed Stone before moving to sit by her brother on the other side of the table. Stone grabbed her and pulled her on to his lap. \"Now who said you can go sit over there,\" he whispered over there. \"I was I supposed to ask you Captain,\" she whisper back to up. \"Of course you were,\" Krissy replied from Melody's seat. \"You go back and sit next to my brother so I can eat,\" Melody pointed at Krissy who was smirking at them. \"I don't think Stone minds having you on his lap,\" Sam pointed out causing both Melody and Stone to turn bright red. \"I hate you all,\" Melody mumbled making all the others laugh. So how was this chapter? Can anyone say that they are way too cute together? Please take a moment of your time to leave I kind/helpful review![Chapter 12] This is just kind of a filler chapter because I started going brain dead on ideas. So I still hope you enjoy it! Enjoy~ Honolulu, August 2008 Melody glared at Stone across the table and huffed. They had gotten into a small argument about her childness. It wasn't anything major, but Melody was still annoyed at him. She hasn't been acting like a child as much as she use too. \"You know I've been doing a lot better,\" Melody finally told him. Mike even thought she was sick when she had gone home for Christmas the first year. There were no pranks or random water balloon fights. She still played with the kids but that was it. \"I know, it was just Admiral Shane and I don't know,\" Stone sighed. He was afraid that Melody's childness would reflect badly on him. He loved his job and even though he would choose Melody over it, he still didn't want to lose it. Melody \"Is that it? Shane knows how I use to be and he laughed at me most of the time,\" Melody grinned. She thought Stone was getting tired of her already. It's been two years since they got together and none of her past relationships moved pass six months. \"He has a since of humor,\" Stone grinned. Alex would always come a complain about how the man had no sense of humor. Then again Alex's sense of humor was that of a teen and it was the Admiral's daughter that he was courting. \"Of course he does. He enjoys it when I make a fool of myself and not Alex's form of joking around and being the butt of the joke,\" Melody laughed. She knew all about Alex's failed attempts thanks to Sam and Shane. They both felt the need to come to her and complain. Stone raised an eyebrow but didn't say anything. \"Oh and tell Hopper that he needs to stop annoying the Admiral so much. I'm getting tired of hearing about it.\" \"Who tells you,\" Stone asked. He knew that Sam might, but even then she wouldn't know how bad it annoyed the Admiral. Unless he felt comfortable enough to talk to Melody which would be a good thing for both of them. \"Because both he and Sam come to me and complain how the dinner went. After the first few I figured that Shane and Hopper would find even ground, but sadly no and it's been two years and I know tomorrow I'm going to hear about tonight from both of them,\" Melody's pouted. She wasn't a therapist for a reason; she hated hearing people complain about their lives when it could be so much worse. \"This is Hopper we're talking about,\" Stone patted Melody's hand. Melody grinned and got up walking to the balcony. She loved the breeze that she got when she went outside and the view was amazing for sunrises and sunsets. \"I know and that's what worries me. I may have to start charging Sam and Shane to complain to me,\" Melody grinned. Stone went to join her on the balcony and wrapped his arm around her. \"Think that would stop them from coming to you,\" he asked looking at the beach that was nearby. Most of the tourist went home because school was getting ready to start, but there were a few who wanted to surf out the remaining summer time. \"Unfortunately no, but I would get more money,\" Melody smirked. It wasn't like they needed the money at the moment. Sure they wanted to get a house together but there was no real need for money. \"We don't need the money Hun,\" Stone replied. Stone kissed her neck making her giggle. That one spot on her neck never ceased to make her giggle and he loved that. He loved that he could make her giggle with a simple kiss to the neck. \"Hey get a room you two,\" Mike yelled from the ground below them. Mike had a huge grin on his face. He loved teasing his little sister on how Stone was the only one who was able to make Melody act like this. \"You and Krissy didn't when you stayed the night at my place in Texas when yours was being fumigated,\" Melody yelled at him with a grin. They were never supposed to speak about it, but it was a nice thing to use for blackmail. \"You were never to speak of that, \"Mike yelled back with a slight blush on his face. Melody made the motion of zippering her mouth and throwing away the key with a wink. \"Oh and Krissy wants you two over for dinner!\" Krissy was planning on having a family dinner and thought she would be nice to Melody and cook dinner. \"Looks like we don't have to plane for dinner now,\" Melody turned around and wrapped her arms around Stone. She loved that she and Stone got some time to themselves and didn't always have to worry about food all the time, but most of the time they came over. \"What will we don with the time,\" Stone asked resting his forehead against hers. He loved Melody and was starting to think about a future with her but he wasn't ready to propose to her till they knew what they both wanted from one another. \"Oh I have a few ideas,\" Melody winked before escaping his hold ad she was out the door. Stone grinned and chased after her. He loved chasing after her when he the knew that the reward for catching her was going to be something he wanted and would enjoy. He watched as she took off toward the base and ran and hid behind Admiral Shane who happens to be walking outside of the base at the time. Shane smirked when Melody took off running after giving him a hug. Stone ran past him with a huge grin on his face. Ah it was nice to see the two enjoying them selves when they weren't working. He thought the two of them were meant to be unlike his daughter and Stone's younger brother. So how was this chapter? I didn't like writing it as much but here it was. Please take a moment of your time and leave a kind/helpful review![Chapter 13] Last chapter for this year in this story! God it feels like just last week it was 2006 oh how the time fly's by. Well Enjoy~ Honolulu, November 2008 \"How is it that I got stuck making all the food this year,\" Melody asked looking at all the people that were in the apartment, All the guys were watching football while all the girls were gossiping in a corner near them. Melody glared at all of them pulling out the pumpkin cheesecake out of the oven. \"Because none of us can cook,\" Sam reminded her. They can cook well enough it was just they didn't want to take a chance of smoking out the aparment like they had the year before when they tried to help and most of Krissy's food ended up burnt or undercooked. \"Do you need any help, Hun,\" Stone turned to look at her noticing she was sweating from the heat of the oven. He put his beer down on the coffee table and wrapped his arms around her. He may have been a bad cook, but he had gotten better once Melody started helping. The only problem he was separating Alex and Mike for a reason. \"Whipped,\" Alex coughed from the couch watching his brother. Mike used a pillow and smacked him in the head. Alex glared at him before grabbing a pillow of his own. All of their arguments ended up with pillow fight somehow and they had to keep getting new ones once they busted from being waked one too many times. \"It's not being whipped if you love someone and want to help Mike pointed our before getting a face full of pillow. Stone had been sitting between them so they wouldn't have another pillow fight. Sometimes it was like he was the only adult around. \"I think you need to stay between them,\" Melody kissed him before shooing him out of the kitchen. Stone winked at her before grabbing both pillows and hit both Mike and Alex before sitting between them. \"Melody can I have Stone,\" Sam asked moving to sit on the bar stool by the counter. Krissy moved to sit on the other bar stool so Melody wouldn't feel left out. She felt that Melody was stuck doing all the cooking because Stone had to watch the other two guys in the apartment. \"Hell no. He's my man,\" Melody laughed. She loved that the other two wished that their guys could be more like stool instead of kids. There was a knock at the door and Sam moved to go get it know that it could only be one person. It was also the one person that some people didn't wasn't to be here. \"Hey dad,\" Sam moved to let her dad in. He was a little put out that they would be having Thanks Giving with other people but he accepted that but it didn't mean he had to like it. Melody grinned when she heard Alex groan and was promptly his with a pillow by Stone. Melody that they day was turning out perfect for all of them. \"Hey papa bear,\" Melody grinned from the kitchen cutting up vegetables. Alex and Stone both turned to look at her like she was crazy. They couldn't believe that she had a nickname for him and he didn't glare at her or yell. Stone was happy that Melody was on extremely good terms of the guy he worked under unlike his brother. \"Why are you the only one cooking cub,\" he asked. Melody started calling him papa bear when he got overly protective of Sam and since she was like a second daughter to him he called her cub. It seems that she wasn't the only one that came up with a nickname for the other person. Stone can see why Melody and Sam had wanted him though even though Alex threw the biggest fit when he found out. Melody was shocked that he was making a big deal of it considering he had dinner with the man once a month. Mike and Krissy had been indifferent about him being there or not. \"Do you trust anyone else with the food,\" Melody asked with a grin. Shane shook his head moving to the recliner while Stone went to grab him a beer. Melody watched Mike and Alex as they started to bicker and their hands twitched toward the pillows that were lying between them. \"Papa bear,\" he whispered in her ear. Melody giggled as her hair tickled her neck. Stone wrapped his arms around her waist as she washed the dishes she need for the next dish she was going to make for all of them. \"He's over protective. Be happy he likes you would be in the same boat as Hopper,\" Melody winked at him. The air seemed to become tense as Alex tried to impress Admiral Shane when he went to help Melody cook, but failed. Melody ended up having to redo three dishes thanks to him and Sam's dad only shook his head in disappointment. \"Sam why couldn't you go for someone like Stone,\" he asked putting Alex into a sour mood. Melody felt bad for Alex as he was in his brothers shadow all the time and he couldn't live up to the person that his girlfriend's dad wanted him to be. \"Because Stone is one of a kind and he is all mine,\" Melody winked at Stone and gave Alex a hug. \"And Hopper has his wonderful moments and Sam is lucky to find someone who loves her so much,\" Melody looked at Stone with a smirk. Stone was glad that his girlfriend was standing up for his brother in front of the man that had been tearing him down since he had gotten his life on track. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ \"Let's give our thanks to the Lord,\" Krissy grabbed Melody's hand and so on around the room. \"Thank you Lord for blessing us with this wonderful food and our homes. My you continue to bless our lives. Amen.\" \"Amen,\" everyone echoed. Melody let go of Krissy and Stone's hands and grabbed the plate with cuts from the turkey. \"Let's dig in,\" Melody grabbed food and started passing everything around the table. Melody was glade that everything was going good till Alex accidently poured gravy all over Sam's dad... I feel so bad for Alex but I had to make it so or it would mess up the chapters when the movie comes in to play. Should Melody and Stone go on another date in the next chapter? Anyone have and days that want in the story or ideas they would like to share? I would like everyone who reads this story to leave a review even if it's just to say you like/love it. Please leave a kind/helpful review![Chapter 14] So this chapter is slightly random and it was raining while I wrote it. I really hope you enjoy it and it take from the beginning of the book not the movie. Enjoy~ Honolulu, April 2009 Melody found herself digging through the closet for the board games that she and Stone kept for rainy days like the one they were having. She grinned when she found Battleship. She always seemed to win at the game, but she still enjoyed playing it. She carried the box to the living room where Stone was waiting to see what game she picked out for them. He was all for playing strip poker, but Melody thought that game was for the evening when there was no chance of anyone walking in on it. \"Battleship, really,\" he raised an eyebrow looking at the game that she placed between them. He noticed that Melody was grinning like a little kid in a candy store. He really hated this game, but she had agreed to play strip poker if he would play a game of her choosing first. It was getting late in the day and that means it was getting close to playing strip poker. What would the harm be in playing one round of Battleship with Melody. \"I love this game growing up. Everyone started to get tired of playing it with me cause I always beat them,\" Melody shrugged. She was hoping that Stone wouldn't mind playing around with rather he won or lost. She was hoping that more people would play with her, but that never seemed too happened. \"Well are we playing or not,\" he asked setting his side up. It was one of the nicer electronic on that made noises. Melody smiled and set her side up like she always did. \"You can go first,\" Stone told her being polite. Melody grinned making him rethink of his choice, but it was too late to change her mind. \"Aren't you the gentleman, D6,\" Melody grinned. The sparkle in her eyes seemed to grow as his eyes widen. She knew she had gotten a hit on her first try. It didn't happen very often, but she knew when she did and it messed with the other players mind. She enjoyed this game a little too much, but she didn't get to play it very often. \"Hit, G5,\" Stone was shocked that she had gotten a hit on her first guess. Now he finally could see why no one wanted to play her after she beat them time and time again. It was like he knew he wasn't going win, but that didn't mean he wasn't going to try. He was going to learn what she was doing to get a hit on the first try and how she was this good. \"Miss, F5,\" Melody grinned when his eyes widen once more. She knew people thought she cheated, but she got a feel for people and watched their hands and arms when they placed the ships on the board and from there it was pure luck. \"Are you sure you're not reading my mind,\" he joked. There was no one that good at this game unless they were cheating. He didn't wasn't to accuse her of cheating and getting into a fight over something so petty. \"No. I just watched your hand arm movements when you placed your shipped and from there it's just simple luck,\" Melody shrugged. She had a feeling this was the only game they would play before he got tired of losing. It always seemed to go this way with whoever she played including Sam who played only half a game before giving up. \"You're going to have to teach me how to do that,\" Stone grinned at her. Finally he might be able to beat his little brother at this game. He would always get close, but he would still lose. Melody grinned with a nod; she was excited that he was going to play more than just this round with her. \"Can I play Hopper,\" Melody asked looking at Stone with a grin. She wanted to see how well his brother played. She had a feeling that he was a better player than Stone, and she was up to the challenge of playing him \"I would pay to see that,\" Stone grinned he had yet to tell the story of Alex beating him at this game and the disappointment that his father had for him when they were little. It seemed like it was the perfect time to tell her the story while playing the game that led to his disappointment of his father. ~.~.~.~.~twenty minutes later~.~.~.~.~ \"You won,\" Stone only got one hit and was extremely frustrated. Melody had only missed a total of ten times. He couldn't wait till she played Alex and saw his face when he finally lost to someone. \"Sorry, we can play strip poker if you want. Just let me lock the door,\" Melody passed the deck of cards that were next to her to Stone while she got up and locked the door. She winked at Stone as he dealt out the cards. Stone wondered how long he was going to last once they both started to lose clothing. He was hoping he would last to the end, but he had a feeling that he wouldn't. Stone grinned as he won the first round and she had to take off her shirt. Stone licked his lips as they started round two which she won and he had to take his shirt. Melody blushed as she had to pull off her pants as she lost the third round and her socks in the fourth. She didn't want to take her socks off first because she wanted to tease Stone. Stone was grinning until he was left in his underwear while Melody was left in her bra and her underwear. The game continued to they were both in just their underwear and Melody was about to lose her last article of clothing. Stone pushed the coffee table out of the way and pushed her onto the floor and slipped her underwear off himself. Melody arched to his touch. Stone kissed her as she pushed his boxers down. I would have gone further, but the rating is T and it's going to stay that way. So how was this lovely chapter? Please take a moment of your time and leave a helpful/kind review![Chapter 15] I really really like writing this story, but it seems like I'm starting to lose you guys. I hope you enjoy this chapter. Enjoy~ Honolulu, June 2009 Melody slipped on her white halter dress with a sliver belt on before grabbing her silver heels. Stone had asked her out on a date to a really nice restraunt and she was happy to be doing something that was just them and neither one of them had to cook. She put her curly hair up into a messy bun and left her bangs wavy out front with light make up that brought out her green eyes. She turned to Krissy and Sam for approval. They had both come over to make sure she looked nice and they had a girl's day earlier and brought the dress and shoes. \"You look perfect,\" Sam told her with a smile. She often wondered how Melody and Stone stayed happy with her brother right next door. Alex freaked out when Stone and Melody came over for dinner. While Mike and Krissy constantly came over to Stone and Melody's place. \"I can't believe that you and Stone aren't married yet,\" Krissy told her. Mike had finally proposed two her two months prior and were planning on getting married in two years. When she looked at Melody and Stone together she knew that neither one was going to go for someone else. They were meant for one another and nothing was going to get between them. \"I guess Stone wants to take his time. It took Mike six years to propose to you,\" Melody pointed out. She knew Stone was older than her and was Mike's age, but had planned on never settling down. \"Touché,\" Krissy smiled. Melody shook her head before grabbing her white purse. Krissy and Sam both gave her hugs before letting her out the bedroom door. They were going to stay here for a while longer before going home to their own men who weren't as romantic as Stone. \"Hey handsome,\" Melody slipped her arm around Stone's. Stone's had been facing away from the bedroom talking on the phone to Alex as he once again messed something up with Admiral again. \"Melody you look absolutely like a princess,\" he gave her a wink. He opened their door for her as they made their way to his truck and he opened the truck door for her as well. Melody grinned at the little things that Stone did that made her feel special. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ \"I can't believe this place it so beautiful,\" Melody looked at the flowers over flowing form there boxes and the ivy trailing up the columns and on to the balcony. She couldn't believe that Stone had found a place like this. \"It's nothing compared to you,\" he kissed the top of her head. He knew it was so cheesy, but it slipped out before he could think about it. \"That was so cheesy,\" Melody giggled. She was more than happy to know that he loved her enough to spill out cheesy lines without thinking about it for her. Stone chuckled as they were led to their table. He had called a week ahead of time to make reservations. She looked at the menu and noticed that how expensive everything was and gave a quick look at Stone who shook his head. He didn't want to let her worry about the prices because he had been saving to take her to this place when he had seen it the year before. Melody glanced at Stone as he laid his hand on hers. \"You know I think it's about time for us to buy that house that we have been talking about,\" he rubbed the back of her hand. He wanted to start a life with Melody and he has been thinking of proposing once again, but it never seemed like the right time. He also wanted to get a house together and settle in before marriage. \"That sounds perfect,\" Melody smiled at him as there drinks arrived and they placed there order for food. She order one of the cheaper things there, but it was one of her favorite foods while Stone got one of the more expensive things on the menu. \"I was thinking of buying the house near the beach that you like so much,\" Stine grinned. They had saved enough money to pay for half the house when they signed the papers. He looked up to see what kind of investment it was and knew it was perfect for them and is Alex and Sam broke up there was more than enough room for both of them if needed. \"Really,\" Melody was ecstatic that he wanted to get a house with her and the one she had been hoping to get with Sam till she moved in with Stone. Apparently he had been looking at her laptop to see what house she had been wanting or had asked Sam. Stone nodded squeezing her hand. Their food came and there conversation ended. Melody had a smile on her face as she ate. Stone was glade that he could still make Melody this happy even after three years of being together. Melody and Stone shared a dessert before heading toward a nearby playground. \"I love you,\" Melody yelled as she ran to the swings and sat down and Stone had been right behind her. He started to push her before getting his own swing. Melody wished she could play on the playground, but she loved the dress too much to take a chance of ruining it. \"I can't wait till we have kids of our own,\" Melody whispered, but he still heard her. \"We will one day in the near future,\" he told her grabbing her hand. He knew how badly she wanted kids, but he wasn't ready to be a father yet. He planned to propose to her in two years' time after they got most of the house paid off and he knew what Alex's future looked like. He was going to make sure his brother had a stable future with Sam or not. I truly hope you enjoy reading this chapter and can take the time to leave a helpful/kind review![Chapter 16] Well there is a new character and we may be saying good bye to some old ones soon. Well here is a new chapter for y'all! Enjoy~ Honolulu, August 2009 \"Why are we watching a fifteen year old till summer,\" Stone asked looking down at Melody. Melody was looking for a tall blonde with colorful streaks in her hair. Stone had a feeling that she would be a trouble maker even though Melody assured him that she was a sweet girl and stayed away from trouble because of all the trouble her parents went through. \"Because Sandra and Kyle are going through divorcé and didn't want Crystal to be stuck between them,\" Melody replied. Sandra and Kyle got married because of Crystal and they hoped they could work through their troubles, but not even marriage counseling was helping them. In fact it seemed to make it worse somehow... Melody grinned and ran toward Crystal who had neon luggage with her. Stone was surprised that she had gotten such bright suitcases. \"Hi Auntie Mel,\" Crustal hugged Melody as Melody picked her up and swung her around. If anyone was to look at them they would image that they were sisters instead of not even being related. Stone chuckled imaging that if they ever had a daughter this is what she would be like. That thought made him smile and shake his head. He wasn't ready for kids, but maybe this was the first step for him. \"How's my favorite niece doing,\" Melody grinned and Stone grabbed the luggage. He grinned as Crystal went on a tangent on how awful her parents were and she wanted to stay with Melody and Stone till she finished high school. She was hoping they would say yes because honestly she liked Melody a whole lot better than her own parents. \"I don't know about you staying till you finish high school. Stone may get tired of having both of us around,\" Melody winked at Stone who chuckled. Stone was glad there was finally someone who would keep Melody company when she was feeling like acting like a child. Also and the end of this year Mike may end up having to move somewhere else. His time training marines here was almost up and who knows if he was going to be able to stay or have to move away again. \"Who would get tired of having you around,\" Stone asked winking at Crystal. Crystal grinned and jumped into the truck after Melody had gotten settled into the middle. Melody was glad that she and Stone had finished moving into the house a week prior. They decided to buy the house after looking at it the first time. The forced Alex and Mike to help them over into the house after Sam and Krissy had helped them paint it. Now they may to have to redo one of the bedrooms to match Crystal's personality. \"So Stone how did you and Melody meet,\" Crystal asked with a grin on her face. She wanted to get to know someone that Melody had stayed with after a couple of months. He looked like a stick in the mud, but that maybe because he was military. \"It was at a bar. I was there with Hopper, my younger brother, celebrating his twenty-sixth birthday. She came in with Sam who wanted a chicken burrito. Hopper had used his wish to get Alex and went over to impress her while Melody came over to keep me company,\" Stone looked out of the corner of his eye and saw a blushing Melody. \"I though you stayed away from bars,\" Crystal looked at Melody. One of Melody's exs had gotten drunk at a bar and raped a woman. He was still in jail for it, and Melody wasted no time in leaving him the next day when he came over with a hangover. \"I only went because Sam was craving a chicken burrito and I was too lazy to make her one. I haven't gone to a bar since,\" Melody replied glaring at her niece. Crystal flicked Melody's noise surprising the young women. Melody flicked Crystal's nose before hiding her own nose. \"Children will you please stop messing around and get out of the truck,\" Stone flicked both of their ears. He grinned when they faced him with wide eyes. They were shocked that he would flick their ears after calling them children. Crystal had a feeling she was going to love it here with both Melody and Stone and she hadn't even met Alex and Sam yet. \"This is where you live,\" Crystal asked looking at both the flower and vegetable gardens that Melody had been working hard in for the past two weeks. The vegetable patch was mostly pumpkins for Halloween that was getting closer. She noticed that it was painted white with black trim and had large windows. It was open and spacious and was perfect for all of them to live in without bugging anyone else. \"Isn't it perfect,\" Melody grinded. She glanced at Crystal who was grinning before dashing into the house. She couldn't wait to see her room. Melody had painted it blue with dark purple trim and had gotten her bedding and furniture to match it. \"She gets her childness from you, doesn't she,\" Stone asked as he grabbed most of the luggage while Melody grabbed the rest. It seemed like life was perfect for them and just maybe Crystal would stay with them making it feel like the family was complete. \"Maybe,\" Melody grinned. Stone pulled her in for a kiss before bringing the entire luggage in for the teen that was now living with them for the next couple of months and maybe two more years after that. Melody walked into Crystal's room with the suitcases because Stone didn't want to enter the young teen's room. Crystal was lying on the queen size bed looking up at the blue celling thinking. \"I just realized that I left all my friends behind,\" Crystal looked at Melody. Crystal wasn't sad or scared at just hit her that her friends would move on and forget about her. \"Don't worry about it. You will get knew friends and you are more than welcome to come here any time you want so they don't forget about you,\" Melody hugged Crystal before leaving her to her thoughts. So should I leave Crystal in the story or should she leave when summer starts? Should Mike and Krissy stay or go at the end of the year? We now get to see how Stone acts around a teenaged girl! Please leave a kind/helpful review![Chapter 17] So I was asked to bring in Raikes and Beast in to the story in a review. So this year go an extra chapter to bring them in. Oh and I may try to being a little of Raikes/Beast in to the story. Enjoy~ Honolulu, December 2009 Melody glanced at the Christmas clock that was hanging along the hallway in the entrance. She, Stone, and Crystal were waiting for everyone else to show up for Christmas dinner. Alex was bringing two of his friends that didn't have anyone else to celebrate with anyone and Melody refused to let anyone celebrate by themselves. Alex had told her after thanksgiving dinner or she would have had them over for that as well. Melody was becoming extremely frigidity and got up to fix the dining room for the third time since she had Crystal set the table. \"Relax love, Hopper will be here soon as well as Mike,\" Stone pulled her on to his lap when she reached the living room. Crystal was sitting next to the tree smiling at the two. She wished her parents were like Melody and Stone. Sure they had small fights, but by the end of the day they were still together. Crystal hoped she would find someone like Stone for herself one day. He told her she was more than welcomed to stay as long as she wanted if her parents approved of course and right now they both were debating it as they went through divorce. Melody jumped up and ran to the door when she heard a light knock at the door. She opened the door and everyone that she was waiting for was on the other side. She saw a woman with copper-skin town, with hazel-green eyes, and fiery red hair and with a build so formidable and a body so hirsute the he reminded her of Beast from the X-Men. Melody had seen both of them around base, but never got the chance to meet and now she was able to. \"You must be Melody,\" the woman stated in a Bajan accent while patting Melody on the shoulder. \"I'm Cora Raikes but everyone calls me Raikes.\" Melody nodded as everyone pushed past her. Melody smiled as Raikes and Alex talked while the other man stayed behind to introduce himself to her. \"I'm Walter Lynch, but everyone calls me Beast,\" the large man held a hand out for Melody to shake. \"Well welcome to my home Raikes, Beast,\" Melody nodded to them as they placed the presents they brought over under the tree. Raikes takes the first bite of the food and everyone but Beast grinned at her. \"What,\" She asked after swallowing. She was getting ready to punch everyone, especially Alex. She didn't like being started at while they had a smile on their face. It was a bit creepy if she was being honest. Stone chuckled at her confusion remembering when both Alex and Mike had been introduced to the new way the decided who said grace. \"You took the first bite so you get to lead us in grace. We started it when Crystal moved in because she kept eating before we said grace,\" Melody told her. Stone glanced at Raikes wondering what she would do. She was already getting a reputation of being a hothead like his brother, but she was able to control herself unlike Alex. Melody grinned and sat next to her grabbing her hand and bowing her head. Everyone followed Melody's lead and sat down grabbing the person's hand that was sitting next to them. \"Dear Lord thank you for the friends and family that we have at this time of year and the delicious food our hostess had prepared for us and that Admiral Shane be sent home to his daughter and make Hopper's life a living hell. Amen,\" Raikes dropped Melody and Beast's hands before digging into the food that was in front of her \"Amen,\" everyone echoed before piling their plates with the foods that they liked. Melody made sure to make something for everyone. Krissy and Crystal were going through her vegetarian phase again Mike was allergic to peanuts. \"This food is fantastic,\" Beast committed as he loaded his plate for the third time. Melody was glad everyone was having a good time. She didn't mind that he was eating most of the food because she made sure to have extra because she didn't know who Alex was bringing over. \"No really? I think everyone figured that out after you devoured your first to helpings,\" Raikes slapped Beast's back. Melody glanced at him when he started to cough, but he waved away everyone's concern before he started to eat again. Melody smiled as Alex told a joke only to be hit in the face by a piece of chicken that Raikes had thrown at him. \"Hey no throwing food,\" Alex yelled as he threw the chicken back at her. Stone glared at both Raikes and Alex making them shut up and eat their food. Melody patted Stone's shoulder before getting up and grabbing the desserts she made. \"So Mike any word on your new orders,\" Melody asked passing out the desserts. Krissy looked down at the table with a sad expression on her face. Melody knew it was hard on her because once she settles in and has a good job going and she makes friends she has to pack and move after her fiancé. \"No, I have a feeling there going to be last minuet like last time,\" Mike sighed taking a bite of the chocolate cake Melody had placed in front of him. Melody patted his shoulders lightly before settling down to eat her strawberry cheesecake. \"You may end up staying here for another couple of months,\" Melody smiled at him. He grinned and nodded. Most of the time when they gave him orders at the last minute was because he wasn't going anywhere. Crystal smiled at Melody as she took in the whole table of people. She wondered if this is what it felt like to be part of a family. After they finished eating desserts everyone moved to the living room to open their presents. Everyone got everyone something even if it was small including Raikes and Beast. This Christmas had been one of the better ones even if Admiral Shane was in the states. So in the book Beast is married and has five year old twin boys. I'm disregarding that because it doesn't really show in the movie . Once again should Mike and Krissy stay in the story or leave? Please take a moment a leave a helpful/kind review.[Chapter 18] So this in this one I'm trying to add a little bit of drama, but I'm not sure how it turned out… Enjoy~ Honolulu December/January 2009/2010 Melody glanced at the clock as she sipped her apple cider. Once again everyone was at hers and Stone's celebrating the bringing of the New Year like they had done for Christmas. Raikes was already drunk along with Alex making a fool of themselves trying to sing Don's Stop Believin' by Journey. Crystal was recording the whole thing on video and was planning to upload it on YouTube or just use it as black mail. She was leaning toward YouTube as they finished the song falling to the ground. Beast caught Raikes, but Alex fell to the ground groaning. \"Did anyone grab the licenses of the bus that just hit me,\" he asked looking up at everyone. Sam covered her mouth as she giggled. She may have been a little tipsy after Alex kept handing her glass of wine each time she finished the one she already had. Stone shook his head at his brother as Alex got off the floor glaring daggers at Crystal who was holding her side from laughing to hard. Alex went to the kitchen to grab another beer, but Melody grabbed the bottle and replaced it with root beer. \"Give me back the bottle.\" \"You have had enough Hopper,\" Melody put the rest of the beer in a lock box that only she and Stone had a key to. They had gotten it just before Crystal came to live with them because they didn't want to take a chance with her getting into it. Crystal never tried to get into the safe or even ask about it, but were glad they cared enough to keep it away from her. \"I will let you know when I had enough,\" Alex tried to get the key away from her as she put it back on her necklace and put it under her shirt. Stone was watch Alex carefully because he was afraid he would do something to Melody. Alex had never been violent before, but no one had tried to cut him off beer before. Melody turned to join Stone on the couch to wait for the ball drop in New York and tomorrow night everyone was going to celebrate the New Year at the beach when they got back from being with their families. Alex grabbed Melody's arm, but Melody tugged her arm away from him causing him to stumble and knock her down. Melody's head hit the corner of the counter. She hit the ground and soon blood began to pool around her head. \"Melody!\" Stone and Mike ran to her side. Sam grabbed Alex and took him to the bathroom and pushed him into the shower and turned the cold on. Melody's eyes fluttered as the world started to go black. \"Crystal call 9-1-1,\" Stone yelled at he took his shirt off and pushed it against the back of her head. Alex and Sam walked back into the room with a wet shivering Alex. \"Shit Stone I didn't mean to,\" Alex tried to get next to his brother, but Beast got in his way. \"Get the hell out of here! You've already done enough damage,\" Stone yelled glaring at Alex. As soon as those words left Stone's mouth flashing light appeared outside of the windows and Crystal opened the door for the paramedics to enter the house. Stone moved back so they could take Melody to the hospital. Alex put a hand on Stone's shoulder when he saw him shudder. Stone looked at Alex with tears streaming down his face. \"Sam take him home,\" Stone whispered. \"Stone, let's go wait for Mels to wake up,\" Crystal had Melody's keys in her hand. Stone nodded and let Crystal lead him to the truck. Crystal drove them to the hospital knowing Stone was in no mind to drive himself. They went into the waiting room and waited for an hour to hear word on how Melody was doing. Mike and Krissy followed in Mike's car just behind them. \"Are you Miss. Pride's family,\" a young doctor asked them. Every turned to him and nodded as he walked to them. \"My name is Doctor Jake Light. Melody is going to be fine, but she is going to have one hell of a headache when she wakes up in a few minutes,\" he told them. \"Can we go see her,\" Stone asked once he relaxed as hearing that she would be fine. \"I don't see why not. She's in room 106,\" he said before walking away. Stone and Crystal walked into the room and sat on either side of her bed. The only tube that was still hooked up to Melody was the IV, but she did have oxygen pulse on her finger. Stone grabbed her hand in both of his and kissed it as Crystal turned on the TV to the channel to watch the New Year ball drop in New York. Krissy pushed Melody's hair behind her ear before looking at the TV. Crystal grabbed her other hand and her and Stone watched as the countdown began as the ball dropped. Mike leaned against the wall while Krissy sat on the arm of Crystal's chair. \"Happy New Year's,\" Melody's voice was a little raspy from lack of water and use. Everyone turned their heads to her with huge smiles on their faces. \"You know it's good luck when couples kiss it the beginning of the New Year,\" Crystal winked at them before leaving. Mike and Krissy took the hint and left the room. \"Don't do anything I wouldn't,\" Mike replied turning to look at them at the door. \"That leaves a lot of room,\" Melody whispered. It hurt when she tried to use her normal voice. Stone grabbed the cup of water next to her and put the straw that was next to it and let her sip. Mike winked at them before leaving the room. He, Krissy, and Crystal would head home for the night. Crystal was going to be staying with them for the night. \"I thought I was going to lose you,\" Stone whispered before kissing her. \"Stone can I talk to Melody,\" Alex asked from the door way. Sam was standing next to him with an unhappy look on her face with her arms crossed her chest. \"I don't want to see you right now Alex,\" Stone growled. Alex flinched, but didn't move. \"Stone it will only take a moment,\" Alex pleaded with his brother. He wanted to apologize to Melody, but not while Stone was there. \"You are the reason why she is here and why I almost lost her,\" Stone refused to more or to let her brother into the room. \"Stone its fine. Hopper won't do anything,\" Melody whispered. \"Melody he's why your here,\" Stone pointed out. \"I know, but I still trust him and you and Sam will be on the other side of the door,\" Melody replied looking at him in the eyes. \"Fine, but the door stays open,\" Stone growled walking out of the door to let Alex talk to her. \"Melody I am so sorry. I should know when I've had enough to drink, but I don't know I just been down lately and when you cut me off I just snapped,\" Alex grabbed her hand. \"It's fine Hopper. I know it was an accident, but I may not be able to handle being around you if you keep drinking this much,\" Melody knew she may have a fear of being around a drunken Alex after the accident. \"I won't drink more than Stone around,\" Alex promised her. Melody smiled before yawning. Stone walked back in as Melody's eyes started to flutter shut. \"Go to sleep Melody. We will come back later today,\" Stone promised kissing her forehead. Stone was still pissed at Alex, but Melody had already forgiven him and he couldn't stay made at his brother for more than a few days. So Alex screwed up, but all is well. I think Crystal will be leaving in the next chapter. Well please leave a kind/helpful review![Chapter 19] So we got to the chapter that Crystal is leaving. She shall reappear in a later chapter. Enjoy~ Honolulu, July 2010 Everyone close to Crystal sat around the bon fire to celebrate her last night in Hawaii. The divorce was finally settled and her mother won custody of her. She tried to convince her mother that it was in her best interest to let her to stay with Stone and Melody, but she would not hear of it and demanded that she came home as soon as possible. She glanced at a guy she had a huge crush on play guitar. His name was Zander and he had the whole surfer look going on for him. They had been spending so much time as he taught her how to surf and now she has to leave to a state that doesn't really have waves. They exchanged emails to stay in touch and she had promised she was going to try and visit Melody every chance she got. She resented her mother for making her go home after she finally found a place where she belongs and she was being ripped out. Melody and Stone were they parents she always wanted, but was unable to have. Alex was her funny uncle and Sam was the cool aunt and Raikes and Beast were the best people ever! They were like her older siblings, Raikes taught her how to shoot a gun and Beast taught herself defiance. Of course Melody or Stone was present when those two were teaching her something and were guinea pigs on a new move. It was funny so see Captain Stone Hopper be bested by someone who was a subornate, or at least that's what Alex thought. Melody didn't fare much better against Beast, but she had speed and agility on her side when she felt like trying that is. \"Crystal stop musing over everything and come roast marshmallows with us,\" Melody pulled Crystals arm to the campfire. Somehow she had gotten to the edge of the beach as the tide ran over the top of her feet. \"Are we making s'mores,\" Melody asked with a grin. Raikes held of the gram crackers while Beast had the chocolate. \"Keep the chocolate away from Melody or none of us are going to get any sleep,\" Stone warned when he saw Melody eyeing the chocolate. Melody pouted when Beast moved the chocolate to the other side of him when Melody tried to grab a bar of chocolate. \"Stone's exaggerating. I'm only going to keep certain people up through the night,\" Melody winked at Stone with a mischievous grin before reaching across Beast's lap. Beast pushed her away and handed chocolate to Crystal when her marshmallow had finished roasting. \"So everyone else gets chocolate and s'mores but me,\" Melody pouted grabbing a bottle of root beer. That was the only kind of beer allowed Melody would let anyone drink. Melody refused to be around Alex when he had any kind of alcoholic drink in his hand. Stone got tired of Melody avoiding Alex even though she had forgiven him and got root beer for all of them to drink. \"You can still roast marshmallows and eat them,\" Crystal pointed out as Mike ate his S'mores right in front of Melody. Melody smacked Mike and put a marshmallow on a skewer and roasted it with everyone. Melody watched as Zander wrapped his arm around Crystal's shoulders and pulled her close. Melody knew Crystal had a huge crush on him and wished she could do something, but she was only human and was unable to do anything because Crystal was not her child. Melody ate her marshmallow and went to cuddle with Stone as the night became chillier. \"This has to be one of my best nights here,\" Crystal stated as her head rested on Zanders chest. Melody grinned and threw a marshmallow at Crystal and it hit right between her eyes. \"Bulls eye,\" Melody yelled causing Crystal to get up. Melody got up and took off down the beach with Crystal right behind her. Stone chuckled as he ate an s'mores. \"Who's going to entertain Melody now that Crystal's leaving,\" Mike asked looking at everyone. The teens laughed because more than likely they will never see Melody after this night and they knew Melody had a lot of energy stored up after hearing the complaints of morning runs from Crystal and her still was able to act like a kid on sugar. \"I vote that Krissy makes her help in planning the wedding,\" Stone told them. Everyone's eyes widen as they forgot about the wedding. \"Crap! I forgot all about the wedding,\" Krissy yelled getting up and making Mike go with her. \"How can someone for get their own wedding when they only have one year to plan it,\" Sam asked looking at Raikes. \"How the hell should I know? I have no plans to get married any time soon,\" Raikes replied looking right back at Sam as Beast pulled her closer. Everyone knew something was going on between the two, but no one wanted to ask Raikes or Beast because they were afraid they were going to get hurt. \"Who forgot who's wedding?\" Melody asked as she sat by Stone. Melody and Crystal were both soaking wet when they got back to the campfire. \"Oh Krissy forgot her wedding is within a year and now you have to help plan it,\" Stone replied as he scooted away from Melody. He loved Melody, but he wasn't eager to get wet at the moment. \"Great know I get to be bored all day,\" Melody sighed she hated being bored and she was going to start running at night to release extra energy now. \"How did both of you get wet,\" Sam asked looking at them. Everyone wanted to know the answer and were looking between the two of them. \"Well Melody ran away from me and a caught up with her at the shore line and I tried to force her into the water, but she grabbed a hold of me and forced me to go down with her,\" Crystal glared at Melody as Zander wrapped a blanket around her. Melody giggled and snuggled into the blanket Stone had handed to her when she started to shiver. So the wedding for Mike and Krissy is getting closer and Melody is still weary of Alex after the last chapter. Please leave me a kind/helpful review![Chapter 20] Well here is your third chapter of the week. Enjoy~ Honolulu, December 2010 Melody groaned as she went into another store with Raikes. She was price checking things for the wedding for Krissy and Christmas shopping with Raikes. She thought the price checking would be more annoying than shopping with Raikes, but she was proven wrong as everything never impressed Raikes enough for her to buy them. She glanced at the sports store she was entering with Raikes and grinned, she was going to get something for each of the guys here. She grabbed something from each of their favorite teams and went to the cash register and purchased them as Raikes came back empty handed. \"Seriously Raikes what are you looking for,\" Melody groaned. She was going to help Krissy with her wedding after she finished shopping with Raikes then going for her second run of the day. She had to start running more after Crystal left and she couldn't wait for her to come for Christmas break. \"I'm sorry it's just the first time I've gone shopping for someone else besides my parents in forever, and I just hate shopping,\" Raikes groaned. She really hated shopping, but they were so nice last year when she and Beast didn't get them anything. She felt bad that everyone had gotten them gifts even if they didn't know who they were and she really wanted to find something special for Beast, but she didn't want Melody to know that. \"Let's go. I've finished shopping and you are going to shop online while I help Krissy with her wedding that's going to happen in four months,\" Melody sighed. She really didn't want to help with the wedding planning, she would rather be anywhere else, but she made a promise three years ago. She really hated that promise and Krissy had her put it in writing. She should have known better, but she didn't think Mike was going to settled down and Krissy was going to keep the paper. Stupid paper, Melody thought glaring at the floor for a moment before looking up again. \"It's not that bad,\" Raikes patted her shoulder. She never wanted to be in Melody or Krissy shoes. The whole wedding planning seemed to be extremely boring and neither women seemed to be interested in planning of the wedding that would be the biggest day in Krissy and Mike's lives. She knew Melody's and Stone's day would be coming soon after if the looks they gave each other was anything to go by. A small part of her of her wanted her day, but no guy seemed to be able to keep up with her so far. She was starting to wonder if any guy would be able to, but so far Beast seemed to be doing a good job. \"Oh comparing two colors that look the same because the wedding planner person that's supposed to help her says they mean two different things and they have mean decide which one is the one that Krissy should go with and so far I hate them all,\" Melody groaned. They haven't even got to flower arrangements yet or any of the decorations or the food for the reception and tomorrow was the cake and wine testing that her and Mike were going to. \"Damn, I would really hate to be you then,\" Raikes smirked looking down at Melody as they reached the apartments that Krissy and Mike still lived in. Stone and Mike were out looking at rings and looking houses. Krissy really wanted to have a house by the time they were married and since Mike was getting ready to leave the army she figured staying here with Melody would be a fantastic idea for them. \"You're helping while your here,\" Melody to her as she opened the door to the apartment and saw Krissy in tears. She was getting real emotional lately and was sick in the morning and everyone had a feeling what was wrong, but Krissy didn't want to take a test because she was sure that it was just her nervous about the wedding. Melody hated seeing Krissy like this, but knew it wasn't anything or she would have gotten a phone call or Mike would be here at the moment. \"Is everything OK,\" Melody asked hugging Krissy. Krissy cried into her shoulder as Raikes stood awkwardly at the door. Raikes was comfortable with crying people and tended to try and get as far away from them as possible. She looked at the door wondering if she should leave or stay. She decided to stay because she didn't want to face a mad Melody after all the training she had been doing with Beast. \"I can't decide on what color I want and there are so many I have to look through,\" Krissy sniffled pointing at all the sheets and clothes of color on the floor. Raikes was starting to really not looking forward for the day she went through this if she ever got proposed to. She glanced at the colors and noticed how close some of them were to each other. \"That's why Raikes and I are here,\" Melody whip Krissy's tears off her face. Krissy smiled and nodded as all of them settled on the floor looking through the colors and deciding which ones they wanted. They decided on white with hints of light purple, pink, and blue after debating for the hours on each of their favorite colors and decided that they should go with all three of the colors. After deciding on the colors Krissy and Melody decided to help Raikes with her Christmas shopping after Melody told Krissy how much trouble Raikes was having with shopping. \"Come on. You have everyone else's presents picked out, why can't you find something for Beast,\" Krissy asked as Melody smirked at Raikes. \"Could it because you like him,\" Melody giggled sounding like a high schooler. Raikes groaned and nodded knowing that Melody would keep asking her even in front of Beast if she didn't answer. \"Knew it,\" Krissy yelled giggling they had a bet going on when Raikes would admit it. \"Pay up,\" Melody told Krissy holding out her hand. Krissy handed over twenty dollars as Raikes shook her head. Her friends were two goofballs that were now thinking of ways of getting the two together. So there's only three more chapters before go back to the movie! I'm so excited I just can't hide it! Please leave a kind/helpful review.[Chapter 21] This chapter is bit of a filler chapter, but I needed two get down with this year before I can move on to the movie Enjoy~ Honolulu, March 2011 Melody and Stone wanted at the Hideaway for Sam and Alex to celebrate Alex's thirty-first birthday and so far they have been here for half an hour waiting on them. Melody was eating a chicken burrito that caused Stone to snicker remembering how he had met Melody and how Alex met Sam. He was on his second beer and was rubbing Melody's leg as her eyes darted across the bar. She really didn't want to be here, but it was Alex's birthday and he wanted to come here. Who was she to denie him on his birthday? \"Relax Melody. I won't let anything happen to you while I'm here,\" Stone whispered kissing her forehead. Melody relaxed slightly after his kiss. She knew she was being paranoid, but she couldn't help it. She couldn't relax if there was alcohol in the room and there was plenty of that going around in the bar. \"I know, but I just can't help it,\" Melody sighed grabbing his hand and holding it. Stone smiled at her as two other joined them at the table. She kept glancing at the door wanting to make a run for it, but didn't when Stone squeezed her thigh. Melody and Stone looked up to see who joined them at the table. \"So Hopper's missing his own celebration,\" Raikes asked looking at the Stone who was now frowning. Alex should have been here before Raikes and Beast. Stone was starting to wonder if he needs to send a search party for his brother. \"Man I hope he has a good exscuse for dragging us all out here and making us wait for him when he wanted to celebrate here for old time sakes,\" Beast stated as he and Raikes got beer. They glanced at Melody who relaxed more when they sat at the table. They remember last New Year's when Alex had accidently hurt her while he was drunk. They made sure not to get too carried away around her if they decided to have a drink. \"Stone, you he could just be spending the night with Sam like we did on our birthdays,\" Melody pointed out with a sly smile as her hand trailed up his leg. Stone glanced at Melody and smirked before turning back to the two in front of him. Beast and Raikes glanced between the two and smiled, they wanted to have a relationship like they had or even a relation like Alex and Sam. They seemed to always be happy except when RIMPAC was around and Nagata was around Alex. Those two hated each other when they first saw one another. Stone didn't know what to do with his brother during RIMOAC and it strained Alex's relationship with Sam because of her father. \"So we celebrate without him,\" Stone shrugged. This was just like his brother. He left everyone waiting at the bar for him knowing Melody was still freaked out around people who consumed a lot of alcohol. She was only OK around Stone because he never drank so much that he was drunk. Melody frowned, but put the cake she had baked for him on the table. \"Hey, there's my cake,\" Alex smiled sitting next to Stone. Stone frowned and was about to say something, but stopped when Melody grabbed his arm. Everyone sung Happy Birthday to Alex laughing when he glared at them when they said Alex instead of Hopper. \"I prefer to be called Hopper,\" he growled at him making all of them laugh. They were in a good mood now that Alex had showed up and Stone wasn't going to set up a man hunt for him. \"Melody I love your cake. Its do much better than the cupcake Stone always got me,\" Alex winked at her. Sam finally saw what Melody was eating when they showed up and laughed. \"You can get a chicken burrito here and I can't,\" Sam pouted looking at the half eaten burrito in her hands. Melody sighed and handed her burrito over to Sam who grinned and started eating the burrito. Stone glanced at Melody who had gotten the burrito because she missed lunch because when was doing a thorough examination of her plane. She heard a strange noise the day before and decided to spend that day looking for the source. Stone didn't understand a word she said when she met with him to leave the base. Melody shrugged and laid her head on his shoulders and yawned. Krissy kept calling her throughout the night about the wedding that was next month. Krissy started to take a short nap during the day while Melody was working and Stone was getting tired of the phone ringing at night and Melody always told him to go to sleep while she stayed up for the next couple of hours calming Krissy down and once she had to drive to the apartment they were staying at till they were married. They had finally found a house and they were playing to move in when they got back from the honeymoon. Stone decided they would fix up the house during the week they were gone. \"So how are the wedding plans going,\" Sam asked when she had finished the burrito. Melody glared at her and Raikes groaned. Melody had forced Raikes into helping them and Melody had even gone to her and Beast's place and dragged her to the truck and brought her to Krissy's place and made her help. With three of them going through everything was making progress and was almost done. They should finish up by the end of this week. \"The plans are going well it's just that Krissy is starting to second guess herself and calls me at night every night when I'm asleep,\" Melody sighed. Raikes looked up at hearing about the phone calls. Krissy has yet to call her and was starting to wonder if she would. She had starting to stay with Beast in a two bedroom apartment since Christmas. Melody gave Raikes a wink making Raikes blush because she knew Melody knew where her train of thought was going. So how was this chapter? I hope you can leave a kind/helpful review![Chapter 22] The big day for Mike and Krissy even though Mike's not in the chapter really. Enjoy~ Honolulu, April 2011 Melody glanced at the clock as she recurled Krissy hair for the fourth time. The first three times Melody had done it Krissy freaked out and had Melody redo it. She smiled as she watched Krissy look at herself in the mirror smiled before twirling around. Her white dress was sleeveless and went down and covered her feet. Melody felt that she looked like a princess and the only thing left was to do her make up before getting ready herself. \"Hey Krissy do you think it would be OK if I check to make sure everything is OK at the church,\" Melody asked looking at Krissy with a smile. She felt like she was on top of the world. Melody couldn't wait for her wedding day where everything seemed to just click in her life. \"Of course, but you need to get ready soon. You are not allowed to wear jeans and shorts to my wedding,\" Krissy laughed. She really wanted Melody to take a look around to make sure everything was as they planned or she just may lose it on her walk down the aisle. Melody smiled at her and excited the door as Krissy looked at the emerald dress she had picked out for Melody as her maid of honor. Crystal was her other bride's maid and Melody still needed to help her as well. Melody looked into the church where she spotted Stone and walked up to him. She smiled when she saw him in the tux. She glanced around the room and smiled she was glade that everything looked like what Krissy wanted. She looked at all the guest which was around fifty people. \"You look extremely underdressed for a wedding,\" a deep voice said from behind her as arms wrapped around her waist. She smiled and looked back behind her and her lips were caught in a kiss. She smiled into the kiss before pulling away. There was no place where she would rather be then in his arms. \"Well I had to help Krissy look her best and now I have to help Crystal before I get ready, but I had to look and see how everything looked,\" Melody grinned. She wiggled out of his grasp and ran into her two younger siblings and her parents. Brandy was pissed that she wasn't in the wedding, but was only a guest. Brian was glade he wasn't in the wedding, but hated that he still had to be here. The younger siblings we close to each other like the older two, but didn't get along with the older ones any more since they joined the military and left home. They use to live with Melody when she was still in Texas, but now hate her because she left them alone to pay for the apartment. \"Uh sorry guys, but I need to get myself and Crystal ready,\" Melody smiled at them before leaving. Melody felt sorry for Stone as she disappeared down a hallway. Stone smiled as she disappeared before turning back to her family. This was always the worst thing about being with someone. Their family tended to judge before they even meet you. \"So you're her mysterious boyfriend,\" Brandy looked Stone up and down and wasn't impressed. She wasn't that into military men because they always left her in the end. She was worse with guys then Melody was and they was and she hated that fact. \"Um yes,\" Stone glanced at Melody's family before praying that Alex would walk by and say they needed him for something. He felt so awkward right now without Melody to buffer them right now. He saw Alex in the corner of his eye laughing at him right now. He was now feeling what Alex feels around the Admiral, but he was normally around Stone or Sam too. \"You know I've been wanting to meet you since she came home for Christmas five years ago with a huge grin on her face, I'm Steve and this is my wife Amanda and my other kids Brandy and Brain,\" her father smiled at Stone and held his hand out. Stone gladly shook it as Sam walked over to them with a smile on her face and wrapped her arm around Stone's arm. \"Hey Stone,\" she giggled kissing his cheek before walking away in her emerald dress Krissy had picked out for her. Stone gave her a confused look before it clicked in his head. She was on pain meds from her hospital visit three days ago. \"Who was that,\" Amanda glared at Stone. She felt like Stone was cheating on her daughter right in front of them. \"Oh that was Sam. My brother's girlfriend and she is on pain medicine for something Melody didn't feel like telling me,\" Stone replied watching as his brother pulled Sam in for a kiss in front of her father. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Melody sat down after her speech she had given about the newly wed. She was the last one to give a speech and was shocked when Stone got up. All eyes were on him as he looked at him. \"I've asked both Mike and Krissy about this because I didn't want to upstage the newlyweds, but I couldn't think of a more perfect time for this,\" Stone got down on one knee and pulled at a small black box. \"Melody we have been together for five years and I couldn't picture my life with no one else. You are the one for me, will you marry me?\" Melody couldn't find her voice and kissed him instead. Everyone around them clapped for the newly engaged couple. \"I'll take that as a yes,\" Stone chuckled slipping the ring on her finger. It was simple with a diamond in the center. It seemed to fit both of them. \"If you took it as a no then I would have to wonder how well you know me,\" Melody smiled up at him and kissed him. So how was the chapter? I've never been to a wedding and I've only seen it on the TV. I hope you can leave helpful/kind review.[Chapter 23] This is the last chapter before the movie and it is kind of a filler, but I enjoyed writing it none the less. Enjoy~ Honolulu, August 2011 Melody grinned as she hit the ball and ran to first base. Her squad decided they wanted to play some navy guys in the greatest game in America, baseball. She was only lucky to make the hit, but she was an awesome outfielder. Or at least that was what her team told her. She thought they were being too nice because she sucked everywhere else. She slides in to first base before she could be touched with the ball. She grinned at Gregg who was playing first base for the Navy. Melody knew him because he was on Stone's ship and he started coming over when his ex-wife left him and Stone asked him if he wanted to come over. Melody loved the guy, but he made it hard for her and Stone to have any time to themselves know. Melody took off toward second base when Peter made a home run shot. That put them in the lead with three homeruns. She looked up in the stands and saw that Stone was smiling at her. She was glad he didn't want to play against her unlike Sam and Alex who were on opposite sides of the game. Sam and Mike joined the game because they were two people short and Krissy was eight weeks pregnant. Mike smiled every time he saw his glowing life and Melody had to deal with Krissy every morning due to morning sickness because Mike left early for training. Melody would stop by after her run to check up on her before going to the base. Mike hated that he had to leave early in the morning before Krissy was even up. Melody winked at him as Tony came up to the plate and struck out and they change the playing field. Melody went to the back watching the ball waiting for it to be hit her way. She saw it coming and ran and slides to catch the ball. She grinned as she felt the weight of the ball land in her glove. She wished for a different sport that leaned toward her strengths, but she was still having a blast with her squad as the Navy team started to call foul. This was the ending of the game as Raikes came up to bat. She would have to get a home run to win the game for the Navy. Melody watched as the bat connected to the ball and it came flying her way she ran and jumped as the ball tried to pass her. Her heart stopped as the ball nearly went over her glove but it fell into her hand. Raikes was out and her team won the game. Alex through his glove down on the pitcher's mound as Sam went to give him a kiss, but he turned away because he lost the game. Melody ran to Stone and through her arms around his neck and he picked her up by the waist and swung her. She smiled when he set her down and Ord came over. He was quickly becoming one of Melody's friends even though he got nervous around the people around her the most. \"Looks like y'all were the better team today,\" he just arrived in Hawaii and was on Alex's ship. She felt bad for the boy because he had to deal with Alex a lot. She liked Ord a lot and thought he was a great kid even though he was a tad bit awkward when Alex, Sam, and Stone where around. She felt like he was intimidated by them. \"Luck was on our side since Stone decided not to play,\" Melody as she wrapped her hands around Stone's right bicep where his tattoo of and anchor was. She loved it the fact that he was a navy man through and through. This was what he meant to do with his life and she wouldn't have it any way else. \"Well maybe next time we win then,\" Ord smiled before taking off. The poor boy looked like he was going to pee himself. Stone shook his head and smiled as Ord looked back at them. He remember how Ord and Crystal stayed at the beach all night during the summer and how he over reacted till Melody showed up yawning. Melody trusted William Ord over Zander. When Melody was at the cafe waiting for Stone to arrive she heard two teens go on how Zander was like John Tucker from the movie John Tucker must die after Crystal left. She felt that Zander was using her like he did all the other girls he has slept with that she knew of, including Crystal's best friend from here. As much as Melody wished Ord and Crystal would end up together, Crystal was into the whole rocker thing and not farm boys who played football. \"You shouldn't scare him like that,\" Melody lightly slapped his chest with a smile on her face. She glanced at everyone who was smiling around talking to each other with hotdogs. Today was a perfect day for all those who came out to enjoy the game and everyone was becoming closer to one another. \"I can't help it,\" Stone shrugged as he pulled Melody to the hotdog stand. Melody smiled as they had and all American day. They relaxed and watched as the sun started to set behind the trees and the full moon came out with the stars surrounding it. Melody loved to gaze up at the night sky wondering what could be out there and if the beam that NASA had shot off five years ago in the Himalayas worked or if they were the only sentient being in the universe. She glanced up at Stone who was holding her close and decided that even if they were alone in the universe she was OK with it as long as she had Stone with her. This was the place where she belonged and no one was going to destroy this even if they tried. I start on the movie next week! I hope I get a few helpful/kind review. I love hearing from all of you! I want five reviews before I think about updating next week![Chapter 24] It's time to move on to the movie! It's nothing like my last chapters as I have a copy of the book that was made from the movie. Enjoy~ Kapi'olani Park, 2012 It was a cloudless day, the sky an achingly perfect blue. Shouts of \"Here! Over here!\" and \"Watch your back!\" filled the field at Kapi'olani, a three hundred acre expanse named after Queen Kapi'olani, the 19th century consort to a Hawaiian king. Melody glanced at the over at the banner that flutters over the sideline of the field that read, \"Navies of the pacific Rim Welcome to RIMPAC 2012.\" She quickly looked back over at the game that several hundred fans were focusing on. They were screaming themselves raw with encouragement as two teams squared off for personnel and national glory. The bragging right was just a plus. Only two teams were left of the ten that had started Japan and the United States. The crowd was spit in half rooting for the teams. Melody stood on the sidelines with Sam rooting for their bays on the field. Stone was the goalie while Alex was more aggressive and was on the field making goals. Alex was currently in possession of the ball, he moved down the field toward the opposing team's goal. Beast was running alongside him in case he needed to pass the ball to keep the other team from getting it. This was one of the few occasions, that Melody knew of, that Beast wasn't afraid to throw his weight around. Japanese defenders were doing everything they were able to do to get close to Alex to take the ball, and Beast was running interference that an NFL linebacker would be envious of. He stopped short of knocking the opposing players aside with a sweep of his arms, but he was fast enough on his feet to body block anyone who came near, sending more than a few of them falling on their butts. Melody and Stone yelled encouragements as Alex drew closer to the goal. Melody hated the she sprained her ankles a few days before RIMPAC and was taken out of it. Her ankle was feeling fine now, but it was too late to participate. She was stuck with Sam when the war games went to sea. Melody heard Alex yell for Beast as a player coming fast from the left. Beast looked at Alex as he passed the ball to him. Melody glanced at Ord who was cheering loudly; he was a big believer in the axiom of hoping for the best and expecting the worse. All bets were off once Beast got a hold of the ball. He may not have been as fast as Alex, but when a player of the opposing team came to close he just knocked them aside. The referees didn't bother protesting, one was American and the other Japanese. Anything short of ripping each other's throats out didn't bother the refs. Melody hated that fact, but it was good for Beast playing style. Melody glanced at Stone as he yelled go go go for his spot in front of the goal. The Japanese were leading three to two and time was ticking down. \"Tie it up! Tie it up! We're definitely going into extra time!\" Ord shouted, right after which he muttered under his breath, \"This isn't gonna end well.\" Beast shoved the last defender clear. The Japanese goalie looked ashen, seeing the man-sized equivalent of a locomotive bearing down on him. Melody smirked at the poor man. She was afraid when Beast ran toward her and picked her up and he liked her. She glanced at the clock before turning back to the game as Beast took the shot. At the last second it was blocked, bouncing off the chest of a defender who seemed to have come out of nowhere. He took control of it and moved around Beast as if the larger man was standing still. Melody groaned realizing who it was once she saw Alex snarl after saying something. \"Why does Stone let Alex play when he knows Nagata is playing? It an explosion waiting to happen,\" Melody asked looking at Sam. Sam thought for a moment before shrugging. Her father wasn't found of Stone allowing Alex to play either. Melody knew the two have been going at it since the game. Nagata was the tallest Japanese player at nearly five-eleven and it gave him reach and speed that his team mates didn't have. His black hair was close-cropped, as befit a Navy man, and he wore an expression of perpetual, unflappable superiority no matter what he was doing. That was what Alex told her that infuriated him the most. Melody knew where he was coming from because it unnerved her as well, but she pushed that behind her and forced herself to get to know the man. They were by no means friends as he took every shot to put Alex down and now her as she defended him. It didn't help that he was also a hell of a soccer player. Melody glanced at the clock as the game was coming quickly to an end. Nagata started bring the ball back up field toward Stone. They would have no way to tie up the game if Stone was unable to block the ball. The other Japanese defenders came in and by the look in Alex's eye as the two stared at each other it was in Japanese. With a minute left on the clock at was Nagata against Alex. Alex went straight toward Nagata without hesitation. Nagata faked left, and went right. Hopper swung in tight, trying to get the ball, but it wasn't there. The move to the right had been another feint and Nagata darted around Alex. He sprinted up the field, one step behind Nagata the entire way. Melody was forced to cover her ears as everyone around her went berserk. Alex tried to knock the ball away from Nagata. Nagata didn't slow, keeping the ball the entire way even as the two men slammed into each other. The refs finally had enough and were throwing yellow cards around. Melody knew it was pointless as the two players ignored them. Alex went for a full-body slam, hitting Nagata, almost making him stumble. He collided with him a second time and was about to go for a third when Nagata stopped, throwing his right arm straight to the side. The move clotheslined Alex, knocking the wind out of him, and he tripped over his feet and went down. Now with a clear shot, Nagata sped toward the goal and kicked it with all his might. It hurtled straight toward the goal…and a hole in Stone's defense. Melody's eyes widen as the ball drew closer to Stone as he went to block it. Stone lunged for the ball, an instant before it crossed the white line; he smothered it like a hero on top of a hand grenade. An approving roar went up from the crowd, but Stone had no time to bask in the glory. He never stopped rolling as he came up with the ball, looking for someone in whose direction he could throw it. Melody groaned as Stone threw it to Alex. Nagata has been owning Alex since the Start of the day's game so why would Stone kicked it to him. Alex came toward Nagata, but Nagata didn't wait. Instead he performed an astounding backflip with the intention of catching the ball in midair and kick the ball downfield. Because of Alex's lunge, however Nagata's foot never connected with the ball. Instead his foot made contact with Alex's face. \"Hopper! Oh my God!\" Sam yelled as Alex landed on the ground. Melody shook her head and head toward the showers where she would wait for Stone. She didn't need to wait and see how the game ended. Melody reached the showers and toward around to see the spectacular kick Alex made and how badly it missed the goal. Melody glanced at the frown that Stone wore as the Japanese celebrated their victory. Melody sighed knowing she was going to nurse his bruised ego; thankfully she didn't have it as bad as Sam did. I really hope you enjoyed this chapter! Please take the time to leave a kind/helpful review![Chapter 25] Hear is another chapter for ya! If you want any scenes that I haven't written please let me know so I can go back and add them! Enjoy~ Pearl Harbor, 2012 Melody looked in the crowd of people on USS Missouri for Sam and Alex. She called Sam earlier and it had sound like she had just woken up and had a feeling they were going to be late and that was not good for Alex. She was standing to the side in her Air Force uniform watching as Admiral Shane walked up to the podium. She felt her phone vibrate in her pocket, but was unable to look at it for the fact that she was standing at attention waiting for the speeches to be done. She hated had the speeches seemed to be getting longer each year. She thought about leaving the air force when she and Stone got married so they could start a family without the worry of both of them going to war and dying. \"First off, I'd like to welcome all of you to the RIMPAC International; Naval War Games,\" Shane spoke into the microphone in front of him. She loved the Irish lift in his voice, but it was too gravelly for her. Melody figured it was from yelling at new recruits for so many years and Alex now too. She watched as his eye changed when he looked at Alex. She felt bad that he hasn't accepted Alex for who he was and always made him feel unwelcomed even in hers and Stone's house. Shane turned back to everyone else and the unwelcoming look was gone. \"And I'd like to welcome you on the greatest fighting ship in American naval history. The Mighty Mo. The USS Missouri, where, in Tokyo Bay, on September 2, 1945, Japan surrendered to General Douglas McArthur.\" Admiral Shane had to pause as the audience clapped. She noticed the Japanese crew weren't thrilled, but clapped none the less. She watched as Alex smirked at Nagata while he clapped. It was one thing Alex could rub in his face and nothing could change the fact. \"We have with us today veterans, some going back to World War II. Examples of the finest men to have ever served in any Navy,\" Shane gestured to the vets. Every clapped for the veterans who had come to this ceremony. \"And now,\" Shane was saying, \"As we prepare to embark on this outstanding exercise of global cooperation and competition. I would like the commanding officers of every surface warfare ship involved in this year's game to come to the stage.\" Stone and the other commanding officers went and lined up behind Admiral Shane. As they did so, a huge cake in the shape of USS Missouri was wheeled out in front of them. Melody was looking forward to the cake, but was hoping that weren't using the saber for cutting the entire cake. Melody felt pride swell in her chest when Shane gave a rare smile at Stone. Shane was very proud of Stone and wished Sam had chosen him over Alex, but he was glade that Stone was with her. \"A special acknowledgment American Stone Hopper, who- along with his outstanding crew and ship, the USS Sampson- had the highest overall rating last year and will be looking to repeat that terrific performance this year.\" Admiral Shane handed Stone a saber. Melody knew that Alex was upset that it was a normal saber and not a Jedi light saber. It was a joke that the officers made because he was like a Jedi master who could read peoples mind. She loved the nickname since she was a huge Star wars fan. The saber was more weather-beaten that regular Navy swords typically were since it was reserved for ceremonies such as the one she was at, and cutting cakes weren't helping it any. Stone displayed great care as he took it from the Admiral with a small bow before facing everyone. \"Welcome everybody,\" Stone's voice ringing clear for everyone to hear. \"It's great to see you here. Your ships look outstanding and your men look ready Good luck to you all, be safe, fight hard.\" Stone nodded once more before slicing the cake. The moment the saber touched the cake, the band launched into a stirring rendition of \"Anchors Aweigh.\" Melody pulled her phone out to see she had gotten a text from Sam. 'Help butter my dad up. Hopps wants to ask for my hand in marriage' Melody grinned as she went up to Stone and kissed him light before going to join Ord who looked like he was keeping something from them. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ \"I had to hear it from Ord? Ord? From freaking Ord?\" Stone looked at his brother in disbelief. Melody watched as Stone paused before turning to look at Ord. \"No offense.\" \"Oh, none taken,\" Ord quickly replied. \"I'm right there with you. Who wants to hear something like that from me? Hell, I couldn't believe it when Beast told me.\" \"Color me shocked,\" Beast said. Melody giggled as Alex glared at Raikes. Melody had shown the test to Stone, but he decided to wait and see if Alex came to him. Apparently Alex didn't want to go to Stone. \"'Absolutely not a soul,' Raikes? Really?\" Alex glared at her before glaring at Melody. \"I know Sam sent you a text about it.\" \"She did am I showed Stone, but he wanted to hear it from you. You're his brother and he thought you would tell him before anyone else,\" Melody shrugged. \"I have no soul, if that helps, so technically she kept her word,\" Beast was trying to help his girlfriend. \"I'm actually a robot sent back in time to kill John Connor.\" \"Shut up,\" Hopper glared at him and then Melody who had opened her mouth to make a comment to Beast. \"Roger, I copy that.\" \"Why did you keep it from me? From your own brother?\" Stone didn't care about Raikes breaking her word. It looked like Alex wanted to spend more time at being pissed off at Raikes, but that seemed to lead to a dead end. \"Because there's only so much humiliation I want to handle, okay,\" Alex replied in frustration. Melody took this moment to slip away and do as Sam wanted, to go talk to her father, Terrance Shane. She was going to try and soften him up for Alex. She had a feeling that Alex was going to screw up because Nagata was aboard this ship and that meant something was bound to go terribly wrong. I can't wait to see what you all thought about this chapter! Please leave a kind/helpful review![Chapter 26] I hope you enjoy this last chapter of the week. Enjoy~ Pearl Harbor, 2012 Melody stood by Sam as they waited for Alex to come to them. Ord had come and told them along with Stone what Alex had done. Stone walked away to cool off before he strangles his brother. He was screwing with his job like he had done six years ago at the bar. He had thought that being with Sam had changed him, but it seems like that was not the case. Melody tried to calm Stone down, but he wasn't listening to her. \"Melody I gave him one thing to do and he screws it up! How do I know that he really cares if he can't even ask my dad that one simple question,\" Sam looked at Melody with tears in her eyes. Melody put her hand on Sam's shoulder. She was disappointed in Alex as well, but what has been done can't be undone and he was going to be her brother-in-law next year. \"You know your dad scares him and the fact that Nagata is aboard this ship something is bound to go horribly wrong. And here I buttered up your dad for him and he screws up,\" Melody pouted. It wasn't easy buttering her dad up, but she had managed and five seconds later Alex and Yugi were brought in for fighting. Melody looked at both of them with disappointment before leaving the office. Shane didn't even glance at her when she left. Melody had gone looking for Sam and Stone when Ord had come up to them. Melody glanced up when she heard footsteps approaching them. She nudged Sam and left the ship where Stone was waiting for her. \"Mels I don't know how long I can keep him out of trouble. They're talking about court marshaling him when we finish the games. Melody what can I do?\" Stone looked at Melody with questioning eyes. Melody's heart was torn seeing him like this. Why couldn't Alex just straighten up and save all of them trouble? \"You can only be there for them and help him when you can. You get do everything for him and who knows maybe getting into a little trouble maybe good for him,\" Melody wrapped her arms around Stone's neck. Melody smirk as Stone's kissed her softly. She loved Stone with all of her heart, but he was to over protective of his little brother. He wasn't always going to be there for him. \"I know I can't always keep him out of trouble, but I can't help but try. I'm his older brother and I'm supposed to keep him out of trouble,\" Stone sighed rusting his chin on her head. \"Stone if Mike kept me out of the trouble I got in then it would have saved me from having my arm and leg broken and a cracked rib,\" Melody smirked looking up at Stone. She had jumped a bridge in her younger years and it ended with a trip to the hospital. \"I learned that I wasn't invincible and that I should listen to my older brother more. \"Your right. But what if they court martial him? There is no way he can marry Sam and I know how much he loves her,\" Stone looked defeated. Melody didn't know what to do for the man she loved when she herself didn't know what to do. Sam was going to ask her to help fix this. She needed to talk to Admiral Shane when they got back from the naval games. She was going to see what Alex could do to redeem himself for the past six years. \"Do your best to see that is a mistake and slap some since into your brother,\" Melody told him. There wasn't much he could do, but that didn't mean he couldn't try. She had a feeling her brother almost went through the same thing with her when she was in high school. Only she was a dare devil that messed with her own life and the jump off the bridge almost ended her life had she been a few inches over. \"I don't know what to do to get him to learn humility,\" Stone sighed. He kissed the top of her head before pulling away. \"I've got to get going now.\" Stone looked down at her whishing she would be there flying over the ships like she had been for the past five years and this was the first time she wouldn't be there watching over them. \"I know, love,\" Melody kissed him as Stone before watching Stone walk to his ship. Sam came in joined her watching all of the ships leave. They were sad to see their guys leave, but knew they would be back soon. Melody prayed that nothing would go wrong without her watching over them. She had this itching feeling that something was going to go wrong and it just might with Alex and Yugi at sea, but Stone was there to watch over them. \"I hate watching them leave,\" Sam sighed leaning against her. She had to watch all three of leave for the past six years. It was the first time Melody stayed behind with her. Sam was worried about Melody because this was the first time Melody was being left behind and she knew how much Melody enjoyed being up in the air watching them. \"This sucks. I should be flying over them to make sure everything goes as planned,\" Melody sighed in frustration. She wanted to be flying at this moment. Her ankle was feeling better it was just slightly tender. \"It feels wrong being here with both of them out at sea in the naval war games.\" \"Come on we have to get going to go help Mick with rehab. He was a hard case that seemed to have given up once he had gotten injured. They were able to give prosthetic legs, but that didn't heal a warrior's sprit with in a person. Melody didn't like going to the rehab center because a number of people she knew could end up here one day from war. Please please leave a helpful/kind review. I don't care if all you want to say is that you love the story just leave a review![Chapter 27] Man I am amazed at how fast this story is being put up and all the reviews I have been getting! I am not even half way through the movie. I really hope y'all will stay with me to the end. Enjoy~ Dahu Naval Rehab Center, 2012 Melody and Sam were both out fitted in something they could work out in-tank tops, shorts, with running sneakers. Both of them had a bag with them to take on the hike Sam had planned for them with Mick. Each had rations, but Melody had a gun packed as well. Being a part of the military taught her to always being armed when she could. She had Sam being a pocket knife because being nowhere near the town could make them a perfect target. Sam carried a file folder tucked under her arm. Sam nodded and waved at her coworkers as she and Melody moved through the large clinic gym that was filled with everything that a person would need to regain movement. \"Sam can we have a gym like this on the base,\" Melody asked looking at a rowing machine. Stone had taken her out canoeing and her arms hurt like hell the next day. Melody loved being outdoors, but water activities where the worst for her. While Stone looked like he lived in the water, Melody struggled to keeping up with him, but when being on land Melody was the better person by a slight margin. \"If you did then everyone would be there all day and some people we may never see again,\" Sam laughed. She was talking about Ben; he had to be the most self-absorbed person that she had met. He was always tanning and working out that she had asked him about it. He used to be an ugly duckling that people cringed when they looked at him. He worked out every day and tanned on a beach near his home in California and got rid of his braces and glass, he also got a haircut that complimented his face. So in short he was afraid of being an ugly duckling again. \"That is so true,\" Melody laughed as they approached a man yelling at the people that were trying to help him. He was walking on a thing that looked a lot like a treadmill. Melody glanced at his legs noting that they were both artificial Melody looked up at the face of the man who they belong to. He was glaring at her with a frown on his face. \"Are you laughing at me,\" he growled. Melody wanted to cringe away, but she knew not to. It would make this man feel worse than he already did. She stood her ground choosing her words carefully. \"Not at all sir. I was thinking what a man on my squad would do with a set up like this. Sam agreed that we would never see him again. He would order take out and put a bed in there with a small bathroom,\" Melody replied with a small smile. She looked right into his eyes without flinching. He didn't scare he, she just didn't like to be glared at. \"So how are the bionic legs? My brother has a friend that had one blown off from a bomb and he was debating if it was worth getting a prosthetics or not,\" Melody asked looking at him. \"I hate them. They make me half a man. I would never recommend them to anyone,\" he raised his voice at each word. Melody felt bad for him, but he wasn't making it any better for himself. \"So he should get the leg,\" Melody smirked. She knew he hadn't got pass the anger in the fact that this had happened to him. Kyle wanted to play with his kids, but with one leg missing he was unable to. He was frustrated when he saw his brother playing with his kids because he was unable to. \"Did you not hear me? They. Are. Awful.\" He spoke slowly for her. Melody thanked God that she had Sam with her or she would end up fighting with him. \"I read between the lines and he wants to play with his kids. You never said anything against the mobility or if they hurt or make you uncomfortable. There for they would be perfect for him because he hasn't given up. He wants to be there for his family and friends,\" Melody told him before walking towards the exist. She was going to wait there for Sam. Sam trudged up the hill glancing at Melody who looked like she was taking a stroll through town. Sam was by no means out of shape, but Melody and Stone were always outside doing something. They were surrounded by, lush vegetation, and the air smell thick and sweet. Melody knew Sam kept looking at her because she was strolling up the mountain. She and Stone had gone hiking up several of the mountains here during their two weeks off one year. They invited Alex and Sam to join them, but they didn't want to. Melody and Sam where in the lead, Sam wanted to make sure the path was clear for Mick and Melody wanted to see the island form atop of the mountain. It may not be the tallest out there, but that didn't make the view any less perfect. Sam wanted to build Mick's confidence and not cause him to fall, get banged up and sprawled in the dirt because a protruding objects. Melody glanced at Mick who was keeping up with the two of them. Melody knew he was concentrating because his brow winkled and was covered in sweat. Melody smiled as Mick gave it his hall even though he had already given up, but his pride wouldn't let him be out down by two women. \"You're doing pretty good for a guy who doesn't want to be climbing,\" Melody called back to him. She didn't like the quiet very much. \"This isn't no Pike's Peak,\" he said disdainfully. \"It's a start,\" Sam smiled at him. \"My grandmother could climb this hill,\" he replied. \"It's a start,\" Sam replied again. \"I got a dog named Mustard. He could climb this damn hill,\" Mick growled out. \"Good,\" Sam smiled adjusting bag. \"Then you and Mustard can spend quality time together back in Colorado.\" \"Mustard got hit by a dump truck eight years ago. Mustard's dead,\" he sounded indifferent. Sam stared at him for a moment, \"I'm sorry.\" \"He trudged pass Sam and Melody quicken her pass to keep up with him. \"I'm over it. And by the way, I'm a bag boy. I can watch my path just fine.\" Melody snickered as Sam smiled. She knew Sam was proud of him as she caught up with them. Melody knew she was proud of him. \"What's a semi-fiancé,\" Mick asked looking at Melody. \"Oh, she wants to marry Alex who has to ask her dad, but he keeps pissing off her dad and chicken's out,\" Melody laughed making Sam groan. Both of their phones started to ring. They glanced at their phones with a soft smiled \"Hey Stone,\" Melody was grinning foe ear to ear. She was wondering if she was going to get a call before he was too far. \"I have five minutes before we get too far and I wanted to hear your voice,\" his voice sent chills down her spine. She was already missed him already. \"Alex called Sam too,\" Melody whispered as Mick looked at them. \"Is he trying to fix everything,\" Stone asked concerned. She knew he wanted everything to fall in to place for his brother, but never seems to happen. \"I think so, she's crying which always happen when Alex screws up and apologizes,\" Melody told him. \"Mels, I love you,\" Stone told her. Melody could only image the men in cabin were staring at him, but she knew Stone didn't care. \"I love you too, we have a wedding to plan and you don't get to skip out like Mike did,\" Melody warned him. \"I'll be there and I can't wait for you to become Mrs. Melody Hopper,\" Stone laughed at his laughter was cut off. \"So you have a fiancé while she has a semi-fiancé,\" Mick asked looking at them. \"Yeah, Stone's brother likes screwing things up,\" Melody smirked looking at Sam who was blushing. \"He can't help that my dad hates him,\" Sam defended him. \"You're marring brothers,\" Mick looked at them before shaking his head. He would never figure these two out. So this where I start adding scenes from the ships. If you see something off please let me know. Please take a moment and leave a review! I love hearing from all of you![Chapter 28] Well here is yet another chapter! Anyone getting bored yet? I hope not! Enjoy~ Pacific Ocean, Impact Point, 2012 Seaman Ord was standing on the observation deck of the John Paul Jones , studying the surrounding area with his binoculars. They were flanked by vessels on either side; they were hanging by a hundred meters or so, making sure to keep their distance. They last thing they needed was for the vessel to get in each other's way. He was glad that Alex wasn't a captain like Yugi; they would make a mess out here somehow. Out of habit he glanced up at the sky looking for Melody, but scolded himself because she was on the mainland with Sam helping a guy named Mick to get his fighting spirit back. He turned back to the waters looking ahead. He didn't see it at first, the object that they were looking for. It was as if his eyes gazed over it, like it wasn't tree one minuet then BAM there it was. A maze of some sort coming out of the ocean. It was a triangular an industrial-definitely man-made, not some sort of natural phenomenon, like a meteor-encrusted with strange panels and what appeared to be a jagged assembly that looked like an antenna. It was protruding from the water about five hundred feet ahead of them. \"Is this some kind of surprise part of the exercise...?\" Ord spoke to himself. \"Like a big, 'Okay, what do you do when this happens' kind of deal?\" he asked before pausing and answering himself. \"Doesn't really feel like it.\" Then he grabbed his phone that put him immediately to the bridge. Word quickly spread to the other two vessels about the object that they were heading toward. All three ships immediately came to a full stop. Brownley was on the horn with Stone Hopper over on the Sampson , who was saying, \"Officer of the watch confirms contact, six hundred yards but...\" \"But what?\" \"Tactical has nothing. We're seeing it, but the computers aren't. The slick 32s say there's no electronic signal.\" That made zero sense to both of them. \"Hang tight,\" Brownley said, and called down to the weapons room. \"Hopper. We've got an unidentified contact dead ahead, six hundred yards.\" There was a pause before Hopper's voice came back. \"We've got nothing on the screens.\" \"Bearing 272.\" \"I'm not seeing a thing, sir.\" Hopper sounded confused as Brownley felt. Out of frustration with both Hopper and the situation at hand, Brownley said, \"I am looking at it with my own eyes.\" \"Instruments are blind down here, sir.\" \"Okay. Keep monitoring. He switched back to Stone. \"Yeah, Commander, we got nothing on our scanners either. He could hear the voice of Stone's radiomen in the background saying, \"This is the USS Sampson on a heading 038, hailing unidentified vessel... or structure. We are U.S. Navy warship. Identify yourself.\" Pause. \"No response, sir.\" \"Okay, \"Stone returned his attention to Brownley. \"Let's get close and personal. We need a recon.\" \"I agree. We'll handle it Commander. I have just the man for the job.\" ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Alex, Beast, and Raikes were on a twenty-foot rigid-hulled inflatable or RHIB for short. All three of them wished Melody was there watching over them, thought Alex was glad she wasn't there because he knew in his heart that this was dangerous and any of them could die at any moment and it would kill Stone if something were to happen to her. \"Don't get too close,\" Alex told Beast when there were about forty yards out. He studied the structure. \"What do you make of that?\" \"I'm not sure,\" Beast replied. He looked at the navigation array in front of him and raised a bushy eyebrow. He tapped the array in order to bring Alex's attention to it. \"Check out the compass, it says we're heading due north. \"We're heading east,\" Raikes stated. \"That's correct,\" said Beast. \"Whatever it is, it's creating magnetic flux. Get the PA system online.\" Beast flicked a switch and passed the microphone on a cord to Alex. Raikes called over to him, \"Just be aware, if you're going to sing 'my way' again I am armed.\" What Alex was aware of was Stone and Brownley watching from their respective bridges, so he refrained from sticking his tongue at her. That made him think of Melody and how she would join Raikes in threating out him. It was clear that he was never going to live down the Fourth of July that he had too much to drink and sung an assortment of Sinatra's great hits, encouraged by shipmates that were slightly more sober then he was. Thumbing the mike to live, Alex-all business- said, \"This is the U.S. Navy Identify yourself or prepared to be boarded.\" There was no response from the vessel or structure. Even when he asked where the bathroom was in Japanese. He tapped Raikes on the shoulder. \"It's your boat. You've got the gun.\" \"Not afraid to use it, sir.\" \"Just try not to shoot me.\" \"No promises, sir.\" Alex jumped onto the part of the structure that was slightly under the water. He spotted a path that lead to the main part of the structure. He turned and made eye contact with Raikes, pointed upward and then at his buttocks. An onlooker would have interpreted it as something obscene gesture, but Raikes immediately got the shorthand: I'm going. Cover my ass. Alex was having trouble wrapping his head around the fact that this could be an alien object and not man-made. He made his way to the object that was shimmering in blue in red being emitted on top of the ray. He drew close enough to the tower that all he had to do was reach out, get a grip and climb up. The closer to it, he got the more intrigued he became. It was a unique collection of shapes, material and colors, which seemed to be shimmering in time with the red and blue pulses. \"What the hell-?\" he whispered as he reached out toward its surface. His fingers brushed against it… The instant he made contact with it, an electromagnetic pulse ripped across the structure. As if it had a mind of it's own. I zeroed in on Alex in a split second and blasted him clear off the tower. Well, this can't be good, thought Alex, desperately trying not to pass out. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Stone was back in the cabin on the USS Sampson watching his younger brother be blasted off the alien object. If only someone else was there then maybe he wouldn't be going out of his mind right now. He missed Melody, but he was glade she wasn't here as he watched the plane that watching fall out of the sky. The man was unable to eject from his jet and was met with a fiery end. He was thinking God that Melody wasn't here... He was picturing that she was in the jet instead of Kenny Johnson who Melody asked to take her spot since she couldn't be there. He was one of her friends and now he was gone because she asked him to be here. Shortly after the jet crashed all communications went down. It was the first time in a long while that Stone started to feel frustrated and useless. His brother was out on an alien object that crashed in the ocean and Melody was back on the island, but who knew how long it would take for the aliens to get to the island while he was stuck on his ship unable to help the people he cared most at the moment. So I hope everyone is still with me and maybe you could leave me a review to let me know if you are. Well hopefully I hear from you in a review![Chapter 29] So most of what I'm writing when it comes to the ships is copied from the book version of the movie. Oh and there are three other multi chapters in this fandom at the moment. Two Stone/OCs I Will Always love You - OCfanfiction100 and If today was your last day - Athalia97 and one Beast/OCs story Whered You Go - Lina Marie and two one shot stories Buy Me Some Peanuts and Cracker Jack - Orangeblossom and Not a Museum Today- lederra. Thought I would let y'all know about the other stories out there! Enjoy~ Pacific Ocean, Impact Point, 2012 Alex was trying to pull himself together, staying conscious was his main priority. Passing out would do no one any good. That was what kept going through his mind, right up to the point he passed out and started to slip into the water. He jolted awake when Raikes caught him before he was submerged into the water. \"Hopps!\" She shouted into his ear, snapping hi back into full awareness. It was the only way she was able to make herself heard as the waster churned around her as though someone had turned on a vast, unseen stove top and the ocean was being brought to a boil. \"Raikes was as scared as she'd ever been; Alex could see that in her eyes. If this strong women in front of him was scared then what did that mean for everyone else. She may not be showing it because of her pride and professionalism. He knew she was shoving her fear down so she could do what she needed too. She hauled Alex bodily onto the ship and shouted at Beast, \"Let's get out of here!\" Beast nodded and fired up the engine. It, however, didn't start. All he got was a series of loud clicks; the ignition wouldn't fire. The RHIB simply floated there, having no more control over its fate than any piece of flotsam. Suddenly the water churned even more violently and there was a distant roar from far below. Raikes and Beat looked at each other and she mouthed a question: Submarine? Beast shrugged helplessly. \"Bigger,\" he said aloud. \"Way bigger...\" The roar came closer and closer, the water displacement causing the RHIB to move so violently that it nearly tipped over. Alex tried to get up, but fell over still feeling woozy. \"Stay down!\" Raikes called to him. \"Not a problem!\" He said, lying down as the RHIB was tossed around in the ocean. His mind flashed to old stories by H. P. Lovecraft. Tales of a monstrous creature that had resided on the ocean floor, waiting to be summoned by its modern-day acolytes so it could surface and bring annihilation to the puny humans running around like insects. He wondered if the stories were based on ancient myths that were somehow based on the truth. What a sucky time to find out Alex thought bleakly. The roar had become deafening now, as if gigantic lions were about to rise up and swallow them. A short distance the three helpless officers saw something emerge from the depths of the ocean. The vessel was having trouble breaking through the water and once it did it was not something found on Earth. It was not man- made. As the water fell away, it became clear that it wasn't just one thing rising out of the water, but three things. Three monstrous ships were nothing like any of the John Paul Jones crewman had ever seen. They may have looked identical at first glance, but there weren't; there were variations, with fins or other accoutrements projecting them in different places. But they were all long and flat and lethal-looking-like scorpions- jagged, with industrial sheathing that was a combination of dark green and gun-metal grey. They reminded Alex of some prototype designs he'd seen some friends of his in R & D messing around with. They'd been designated STINGR-14s; the R & D boys called the \"stingers.\" The water displacement from their emerging from under the water caused a massive maelstrom to circle beneath them. Alex, Beast and Raikes held on to the RHIB hopping that the whirlpool would subside before they were pulled into it. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ There was stunned silence on the bridge of the Sampson. Oh my God, oh my God, what the living hell, oh my God, Went through Stone's mind. None of the men on the bridge were aware of his inner turmoil. His face was impassive, his voice calm, he said, \"Query them.\" When Sinclair at communications just sat there, frozen. Stone added a sharp, no-nonsense prod of, \"Now!\" But Sinclair was still having trouble wrapping his mind around what was being presented to him. \"But... what the hell-?\" \"I know, sailor,\" said Stone, allowing for his communications officer's obvious shock. \"But we don't have the luxury. Do it how you've been trained to.\" \"Yes, sir,\" said Sinclair nodding. \"Uh... Craft... please identify. Repeat, please identify. This is the USS Sampson , of the U.S. Navy, please identify. Stone braced himself wondering what kind of language would come through the board. He was disappointed as nothing came through. Sinclair looked at Stone and shook his head. \"I'm trying all channels, sir. Translating into all known codes and languages. But the transmitter is still down and we could be trying to talk out ears off right now and we wouldn't be hearing a thing.\" \"Sound general quarters,\" Stone told Sinclair. I response to his order, a klaxon immediately started to echo throughout the ship. \"Have we got intraship?\" \"I'm hoping to have it in a few min-\" \"We don't have time. Grab a walkie-talking so I can stay in touch with you and haul ass down to weapons. Tell them we're going hot.\" Sinclair wanted to make sure Stone had just said what he thought he said. \"Sir? Did I hear you right-?\" \"Yes you did Ensign. Heat up the guns.\" \"Which guns, sir?\" Stone considered it and the said grimly, \"All of them.\" ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Beast was elbow deep in the engines, trying to get them up and running. They were sitting ducks in the water surrounded by the enemy. He was having no luck and was starting to get frustrated. He looked up at Alex, grease staining his face. \"Whatever fried you must have got the electrical system too,\" Beast told him. Suddenly five long, sharp blasts sounded across the water. They looked toward the destroyers floating a distance away, and Raikes said grimly, \"That was the Sampson , wasn't it?\" It was hard to be sure since the echo effect across the open water made determining the source uncertain. But Alex nodded, making no attempt to keep the concern off his face. \"Yeah.\" \"They're warning these guys,\" she said, nodding toward the vessels positioned about a hundred yards away, \"That they're going to open fire if they don't retreat or respond.\" \"Uh-huh.\" \"They do know we're not exactly as a safe distance if the missiles start flying, right?\" \"I'm sure hoping so...\" The stingers moved to protect the tower from the Sampson . \"North Korean of Chinese prototype? What is it Beast?\" Hopper asked. \"No idea.\" \"Agreed.\" Hopper replied. Raikes was tracking them with her machine gun. She would not open fire unless Alex ordered her to, nut there was no reason she couldn't be ready when he moment came. \"It looks very angry,\" she said, working to keep her voice even. Then, through the sea spray, Alex saw something moving in the upper section of the stingers. At first he couldn't quite make out what is was... and the he saw it. A single figure. \"Did...\" Alex tried to find his voice. \"Did you just...? He saw that both Raikes and Beast's faces had become pale. \"What the...\" said Beast. \"I know my eyes we're lying,\" said Raikes Beast finally recovered his voice. He turned to Alex, in an awe-inspired whisper, \"First contact.\" Raikes turned and punched him in the upper arm with such power that Beast yelped. \"What the hell-?\" \"We have three unknown vessels guarding some equally unknown structure,\" said Raikes with barely contained anger. \"We have two fleets about to square off, our boat is dead in the water, and you're giving me Star Trek crap. Fix the damn engine!\" Beast looked at Alex. Alex shrugged. \"You heard her.\" ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ It had been a slow frustrating process, but the Sampson had managed to reroute most of its main systems. She now had communications back online and some basic functions such as tracking. Now it was just a matter of getting the weapon system up and running. \"Status on WEPS?\" Stone asked for the latest report from the weapon officer. \"CIWS up, sir,\" said Sinclair. \" John Paul Jones five inch hot.\" \"All right. Let's put a warning shot across their bow. Radio Brownley.\" \"Brownley says they'll have to use manual targeting.\" \"If it was good enough for the original John Paul Jones, it's good enough for them. Besides we don't want them to actually his anything. Roger that. Now we're gonna see something.\" ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ \"They're attacking,\" Beast asked. Raikes shook her head, \"Warning shot. That's SOP for...\" \"For what? Alien invasion?\" Beast asked. \" That's gonna piss 'em off,\" Hopper said grimly. Instead there was a quiet sound, like a whisper of a breeze, and a single cylindrical object was fired from the lead stinger, blasted out of what appeared to be some sort of launch array. It hurtled lazily through the air, heading straight toward the I John Paul Jones. Alex walked with a sinking heart. That can't be good So it's getting closer to see if Stone lives or dies. I bet y'all are on the edge of y'alls chairs waiting for it to happen! I can't believe I'm only a little half way through this story. Next week they maybe a little shorter than normal and I apologize for it. Please leave a review because I love hearing it from all of you.[Chapter 30] Sorry it took so long to get this chapter out! phoenixfire53 offered to be my Beta and ended up being a co-author and she was away the internet for a few days, but I hope she can send the other six chapters soon! Enjoy~ USS John Paul Jones USS John Paul Jones Radar Officer Benjamin Rush was watching his radar display with alarming intensity. While crew members in the destroyer's CIC had managed to bring the system back online, it was too damaged for it to be fully operational, and it kept flickering in and out while the program tried desperately to make corrections and adjustments. The NCOs around Rush seemed just as frantic, squawking and snapping at each other and pounding at computer monitors that were as fuzzy as his own. Everything was suddenly hit or miss, and up until this point, Rush and everyone else on the John Paul Jones hadn't known real fear. Everything was going to hell, and it terrified them. Out of nowhere, a blip lit up his screen, cutting across it on a fast trajectory aimed for the destroyer. Cold sweat erupted on the back of Rush's neck. Shit. \"Incoming track, zero-seven-three-six!\" he barked out, much to the rest of the crew's dismay. This was the last thing they needed. Their chances of either shooting the thing out of the sky or getting hit were fifty-fifty – too high and too dangerous, given their situation. \"Acquire incoming,\" Petty Officer Mullenaro's voice ordered over the ship's comms. \"Kill with guns. Light 'em up, son!\" The orders were relayed immediately, and two seconds later the phalanx CIWS, consisting of two anti-missile Gatling guns on the foredeck, snarled to life. The CIWS did their job, throwing enough bullets at the incoming fire to create a virtually impenetrable wall of metal. Before anyone could get a good look at it, the shot had disintegrated amid the ship's firepower. The crew exhaled heavily as a sense of security, relief, and triumph rippled through the CIC. They were safe; good, old-fashioned American firepower had prevailed over whatever the hell their enemy had attempted to throw at them. The feeling of safety was brief, though. All of a sudden, another blip flashed across Rush's radar display – then another, and another, and another, until his radar was pockmarked with blips heading for the center. \"Incoming tracks, coordinating zero-niner-seven-three!\" He paused for a moment, overwhelmed by what he was seeing and the harsh reality crashing down on him. \"There's too many of them!\" He was right. There were now at least ten shots – maybe more – hurtling through the air, zeroing in on the John Paul Jones with lethal accuracy. At this rate, it would be impossible to make it out of the attack in one piece. Hoping to ease the severity of the attack, the CIWS were fired up again, and the Gatlings cut loose in a wide spread. One by one, the shots were picked out of the sky, and the guns hammered away at the impending blitz assault. They almost managed to stop the attack – almost. One shot made it out of the destruction unscathed, and it quickly closed in on the ship. Rush, and everyone else on board, watched in horror as it embedded itself in the outer deck. Mullenaro and Brownley, another officer, happened to be outside when the John Paul Jones was hit. For a moment, they stared down at the object, puzzled by what they were seeing. They weren't exactly sure what to make of the small white cylinder that had just buried itself into the floor. Was it going to blow them up? Was it a dud? Was the enemy just trying to mess with them? What the hell was it? The narrow white cylinder, which – surprisingly – had landed without a sound on the deck, was quivering slightly from the impact – pulsing, even. Strangely enough, it had embedded itself upright and not at an angle, as one might've expected, given the trajectory. To Brownley, it looked around a foot tall, and less than half a foot in diameter. He frowned. Other than its possible ability to trip someone, it was utterly harmless. The stupid thing might as well have been made of plastic. Mullenaro was no less confused, but he was also more outwardly irritated. \"What kind of jack-wagon crap – is this someone's idea of a game?\" Before anyone could say anything, the cylinder changed from a calm white to an angry red – and detonated. In a flash of blinding light, Brownley, Mullenaro, and the entire starboard-side observation deck was vaporized. If the crew hadn't been panicking before, they were now, screaming and swearing and spiraling into hysteria in seconds. The enemy had essentially ripped a hole in the John Paul Jones like it was nothing – and they'd barely put a dent in their ship. They were going up against something big, something dangerous – and their chances of surviving didn't look good. \"We're fucked, man! We're fucking screwed!\" someone yelled. Rush couldn't help but agree. They were fucked, they were screwed – and it would only be a matter of minutes before they were all dead. God help us. So how was this short chapter? We are getting closer to the fight and this had nothing to do with Melody and Stone, but it was in the movie and I had to put it in the story, Well I hope you can take a moment of your time and leave a review.[Chapter 31] So it looks like my co-author phoenixfire53 is getting back to me fast. Enjoy~ USS Sampson When it lost interest in the John Paul Jones two minutes later, the enemy turned its attention to the Sampson. Another attack was launched against the destroyer, and though there weren't enough cylinders fired at them to be considered a blitz assault, they were fired fast enough to overwhelm the ship's crew. Some sensed that their enemy was testing them, or looking for weak spots in the ship. Either way, it wasn't good. Knowing they'd end up like the John Paul Jones if they didn't do something, the Sampson's crew fired up the CIWS and let them rip, praying that the enemy's rapid fire would cease. The speed of the attack, though, presented difficulties for the guns. Several were picked off midair, but like the previous cylinder, one managed to break free of the carnage, and it slammed into the Sampson's foredeck before detonating. This round seemed to do more damage to the Sampson than the last one did to the John Paul Jones , splintering the foredeck and shattering the CIC's bomb-proof glass into a million little shards like it was nothing. A few crew members were knocked back by the force, sent flying to the floor or thrown at walls and computer monitors. Among them was Stone, who received a few deep scratches after being knocked down and pelted with glass, not that he gave a damn. His ship was under attack; he had no time to worry about himself. That would have to wait until they could get out of this mess safely. As someone shouted that the Sampson had been hit, Stone jumped to his feet, his movement shaking off the glass sticking to his palms and uniform. \"Signal all ships!\" he yelled over the wailing klaxons. \"Full reverse! We need battle space!\" The response was instantaneous. Though it didn't travel far, the ship was able to back up enough to avoid another incoming cylinder. The crew released a collective sigh when it sailed past them and splashed into the water, never to be seen again. \"Miss!\" Sinclair called out. Stone's hands curled into fists. For fuck's sake, enough of this – \"Save the play-by-play,\" he snapped. \"Are we targeting this thing or not?\" Of course not, he muttered to himself when the officer tried to explain himself. Fucking kids… \"Sling some MK-41s their way!\" Out of aggravation, Stone growled, bit down hard on his bottom lip. This was ridiculous – all this hit and miss bullshit and ass-kicking that made him feel like he was stuck in a giant game of Battleship. Could this get any worse? \"Sir, comm's down again!\" Lieutenant Commander Leong, the ship's XO, called out. Shit – yep, it could. With a clipped sigh, Stone looked over at his XO, silent, impatiently waiting to hear the rest of the bad news. C'mon Leong, spit it out… \"That thing that just hit us…\" Leong paused nervously, then pressed on. \"It scrambled everything that hadn't been brought back online. Computers are down, radar's down… All we got are the close-in weapons systems.\" It took all of Stone's energy not to fly off the handle right then and there. Scrambled. Offline. The computers, the radar system… All of it, rendered completely useless. The Sampson was blind now, a sitting duck with a big target painted on its hull. God, they could be bombed any second now and they had almost nothing to fight back with… \"All this hardware and we're down to throwing rocks?\" \"Aye, sir.\" Great, fucking great… He looked out at the rest of the battle zone, gritted his teeth when he saw that the John Paul Jones was still under assault. No, not them, too, he hissed silently. Like hell. \"We've got to get in there. They need cover.\" \"Five-inch was knocked offline, but it's now moments away-\" \"We're not waiting. Rudder hard right, engines full. We've gotta get in there and give them some shade – and don't tell me that gun's not up.\" As the crew set to work, Stone took the binoculars hanging around his neck, and peered through them at the enemy's cannons. There was a lull in its firing, which probably meant that it was being reloaded. Now was as good a time to fight back as ever. Stone's next words were calm, concise. \"Take that launcher out.\" Give 'em hell, and get us home safe. Get me home to Melody. With the order given, the Sampson reversed course and charged at the enemy. So three more chapters till we find out what happens to Stone! Please take a moment of your time and leave a kind/helpful review![Chapter 32] Alex felt his stomach knot with dread the second he looked up and saw the Sampson heading for the stinger. From the looks of it, the stinger seemed to be doing the same. You dumbass, he hissed at Stone in the silence of his brain. Are you trying to get yourself killed? Christ – was he trying to get HIM killed? Stone knew damn well that Melody would murder Alex for not saving his sorry butt – granted, after she was finished bringing Stone back from the dead and killing him again for being so damn stupid – and he had no doubt that she would enlist Sam's help, too. Melody or Sam he could deal with; Melody and Sam, though… The thought of that double threat made Alex wince. You dumbass. You fucking dumbass. You put me in a helluva position, Stone… He couldn't stand by and watch his brother kill himself. He had to do something. Briefly, he looked down at his feet, at the droplets clinging to the floor of their crippled RHIB. The thing might not work for crap at the moment… But the attached gun Raikes was standing behind certainly did. With his mind made up and his voice full of resolve, Alex pointed to where they'd previously been attacked. \"Where we saw that – that creature standing before!\" he yelled to Raikes. \"Shoot there! Maybe it's their bridge or something!\" She needed no further urging; with a snarl, she swung the weapon around and opened fire, spewing out swears and various other obscenities like her life depended on it. Alex let her rage. She'd stood by and waited long enough for this moment, and he wasn't about to deny her of it. The heavy fire didn't seem to do much at first, vaporizing in little flashes when it reached a certain height. Alex was no sci-fi geek, but there was probably some sort of force field-like thing surrounding the area. They're fucking aliens, genius, Alex thought with a snort. Of course they're gonna have force fields. The thought was barely finished when the shield started acting strange. Raikes' unrelenting assault had caused spider web cracks to form in it – BIG spider web cracks. The figurative lightbulb in Alex's head blinked on. The aliens weren't invincible; even they had limitations. The shields may have been made of pure energy, but they were no more resistant to heavy fire than bullet-proof glass. Give it enough of a pounding, Alex figured, and it would eventually shatter. The order came loud and fast. \"POUR IT ON, RAIKES!\" Then, he was behind her, guiding Raikes and the .50 cal from target to target, silent as she tore into the enemy with malicious glee. He found just a little disturbing that someone so tiny and, well, cute-looking took pleasure in so much carnage, but hey, as long as she got the job done… They'd nearly taken out the shield when Alex noticed movements out of the corner of his eye, movements of something big. He turned away to look at what was moving for a moment – and his face paled. The stinger's cannons were rotating. In their direction. Shit, shit, shit, this is VERY bad. \"We've gotta move,\" he said nervously, unable to help the fear creeping up his throat. \"Like, now.\" Raikes offered to help Alex move the RHIB, but Beast convinced her to stay by the gun and stay safe for her sake, if not for his sake. Alex couldn't help but roll his eyes skyward at the whole thing. \"Beast, spare me the love-puppy shit until after we get outta here in one piece.\" That snapped him out of his stupor. \"Aye, sir,\" he snapped back curtly, then dove under the steering column. All of a sudden, something fizzed, and the engine roared to life. Good – now they could get the hell out of harm's way and back on their ship. Alex vaulted over the helm and threw the RHIB into drive, trying to control his incoming panic attack as the cannon followed their movement. Shit – there wasn't enough safe distance between them and the cannon. There was no way they were going to get out of this alive. Fuck. 3… 2… 1… The cannon fired a single round, and Alex and the others braced for the explosion. However, he was surprised – and relieved, for that matter – when the Sampson intercepted and destroyed it. The ghost of a smile graced Alex's face. Stone had saved his ass – again. If they made it back to Pearl in one piece, he was going to have to thank his brother for watching out for him and having his back. \"Sir, it's targeting the Sampson!\" Beast cried. Alex barely had time to register what was going on before the cannon rotated towards the destroyer. His stomach immediately knotted and his breath caught in his throat. Oh god. They were going after the Sampson.[Chapter 33] So once again all four chapters were from the book based on the movie by Peter David and all I did was change a few words because the chapters were to short for me to play with. Enjoy~ USS Sampson Stone was having a hard time trying to keep himself calm. How could he? In the last few minutes, he had witnessed their enemy use radically advanced technology that mankind could only dream about. There was no way that they were fighting a human enemy. These guys were light-years ahead of them. Then it hit him. They weren't fighting a human enemy. There never had been one in the first place. It was an invasion. They were in the middle of a fucking alien invasion. Jesus Christ. A young helmsman stumbled away from his post, eyes wide with sheer terror. To a certain extent, Stone couldn't blame the kid. He was among some of the best and brightest sailors the U.S. Navy had ever seen, and he'd been trained to believe that he could handle anything, no matter how bad or confusing, that was thrown at him. This, however, was a completely different story. Again, Stone couldn't blame the kid. Hell, even he was scared of their situation. All sympathy aside though, sheer terror and confusion was no excuse for deserting one's post. That shit wasn't going to fly – not when he was around. \"Back on the con, Behne!\" he snapped at the kid, who immediately gave his commanding officer a fast nod and high-tailed back to his post. Smart kid. He looked out at the horizon and the enemy, eyes hard and cold like ice. \"Hard ahead, full,\" he ordered. The helmsman named Behne responded to the order with an \"aye,\" then dialed up the throttle as Stone had requested. The Sampson chugged ahead, sailing to meet the enemy ship all but crouching in the water. Tricky bastards, Stone mused in the back of his head. Like bogeys in the high weeds… \"Steady, people. WEPS, all guns forward, maximum rate of fire.\" There was brief silence on the ship. Then, the five-inch guns blazed to life, and any other sound was drowned out by the deafening buzz on the outer deck. No one spoke, or tried to speak. They'd had enough of trying to verbally communicate with the bastards and getting cannon fire in response; at this point, their artillery could do all the talking from now on. As he watched the attack, Stone couldn't help but recall a line from a movie he'd watched a while ago. He couldn't remember exactly how it went, but it ended with someone saying \"I hurt you.\" Yeah, that was it – if you do this, I hurt you. It easily suited this whole cluster-fuck playing out in front of them – not to mention it suited Stone's mood right now. I will hurt you, he said in a silent vow to the enemy. You fuck with me, you fuck with my crew, you fuck with my brother, and you fuck with our way of life… You fuck with us, and I WILL hurt you. And he'd do that by taking out the ship. He figured that if the Sampson could take out the enemy's cannons, then it could certainly take out the rest of it. Oh, how wrong he was. The Sampson's fire was definitely making contact with something – but it wasn't the enemy's ship. If Stone looked hard enough, he could see their bullets vaporizing before they even hit the outer surface. There had to be some kind of barrier in place, something to deflect their incoming fire. His mind began to race. It has to be a limited resource, he thought. It has to be, otherwise we wouldn't have been able to take out that one cannon… Wait a minute. Maybe the enemy had to deploy their rounds from different parts of the ship. Right now, they'd probably have all their shields concentrated in the front, focusing on the heavy assault. If they could deploy the other destroyers, have them surround the enemy… Before Stone could figure out the rest of his battle plan, another barrage of the cylinders came arcing through the air, heading straight for the Sampson. \"Kill tracks! Fire at will! All of it!\" The crew did their best – but it wasn't enough. Before anyone could do anything, a small, white cylinder embedded itself in the outer deck, just a few feet away from where Stone stood. The ship instantly went silent. They'd been hit. So the next chapter is were Stone is suppose to die, but I'm really hoping that I find away around it. So hopefull I get a bunch of reviews so that I can think of a way to keep him alive![Chapter 34] So this is the chapter that Stone is supposed to die but let's see what happens. Enjoy~ Pacific Ocean, Impact Point, 2012 \"Gun it! Gun it!\" Hopper yelled at Beast in encouragement as he opened the throttle. The RHIB hurtled across the water as fast as Beast was able to make it go, eating the distance between them and the immediate battle field. He was taking it as gentle as he could, to make sure his patchwork would hold. Hopper steered straight toward the stinger, making sure to stay on a steady path, tying he would get to his brother in time. The stinger withstood the pounding that the Sampson was unleashing upon it. It was as though the stinger was sending a silent message to all of them: Go ahead. Take your best shot. Is that all you could do? Because we can do so much more. From the angle that he was at Hopper could see the second weapons launcher rising from the side of the stinger. Raikes open fire on it without even having to be told. It made little to no difference. The bullets pinged away without leaving any signs of impact. Hopper didn't hesitate. He brought RHIB into an arc, determined to place himself between the stinger and the Sampson. He hoped to distract it, provide an immediate nuisance, and pull its attention away from the destroyer. Maybe they could even damage it if they were close enough. All he could think of was the he had to protect his brother. With one hand he had binoculars to his eyes, and he could actually make out Stone in the bridge, shouting orders, pointing, never losing control, never losing hope... He heard a whooshing noise as it launched a short series of cylinder weapon. Hopper watched as the Sampson manage to destroy must of them except two landed on the haul. He watched as it turned red and blew a giant hole in the side of the destroyer. He watched as the crew evacuated the ship in a hurry. Then he heard a series of whooshing noise that he'd already come to recognize. It was those damned white cylinders. They were heading straight toward the Sampson, and Hopper could watch only in frustration and fury. He saw Stone monitoring them, calling out orders that Hopper couldn't hear. No doubt ordering an evacuation of the destroyer. It was only a matter of time before the ship was turned into scrap metal. Hopper swung his binoculars toward the ship's life boats. He glanced at the ship's Gatling guns and saw that they were left on blasting the missiles away to make time for them to escape. But not enough of them to get everyone off the ship. Not remotely enough. No less than ten hit their target, landing straight down all along the deck of the Sampson, from stem to stern. Ten white cylinders, in a row, and suddenly they turned to red. Hopper had just enough time to find his brother on a life boat to close to the ship to guarantee that he would make it. Stone wasn't looking at his ship that was about to be destroyed. He wasn't even looking at the other men on the life boat with him. Instead he was steering toward Hopper, as if he could see him, as if he knew that Hopper had binoculars trained on him. Stone had just enough time to mouth words that Hopper was actually able to make out: Stay out of trouble while I'm gone. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Stone stared at his brother even though he didn't know if he could see him or not. He wasn't bother that his ship was going to blow or that he and the men that he was with on the last life boat that left the Sampson were still too close to be guarantee safety. He mouthed words to his brother that he said to him many times: Stay out of trouble while I'm gone. Stone prayed that he would get out of this and make it to Melody, but knew deep down that, that may just not happen. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ A massive explosion ripped through the Sampson. Hopper heard someone screaming. He realized that it was him screaming. He saw the life boat his brother was on with bodies lying in it. He saw that Stone was still on the boat while two others had been blasted out of it. Stone's hand was slightly touching the water. Something jolted him and he realized that he had been trying to throw himself of the RHIN, as if he could leap through the air in a single bound, like Superman, and land at his brother's side. The Sampson blew apart, flame ripping it from one end to the other. The ship shuddered, and metal screeched like a dying whale. He saw what looked like lightning bugs tumbling from the ship and realized it was the sailors that were unable to make out burning alive, their arms pin wheeling, falling into the water. Seconds later the ship's spine cracked in two. It rolled, pitched, and then sank beneath the waves. With the job being down, the stinger vaulted away, landing before the front towering metal array, a dutiful returned to its post. The RHIB had ceased all forward motion. It bobbed in the water, the engine reduced to a gentle idling. Beast was keeping Hopper steady, on his feet. Hopper leaned against the controls, stunned, staring at where the mighty destroyer had once been. \"Hopper,\" Beast said softly, \"what do you...?\" There was a sudden thud behind them, and before Hopper and Beast could turn to see what it was, Raikes screamed \" Down!\" Without warning the slightest hesitation, Beast yanked Hopper to the deck. Machine-gun fire chattered in the air. Standing only a few feet away from Hopper was the creature he'd spotted up on the stinger. It was wearing a helmet, was fully armored, and it held some sort of knife in its hand, the blade was curved and serrated. Despite all the high-tech armament, clearly these things sometimes liked to get up close and personal. But it wasn't going to be getting close enough this time. Raikes unleashed the .50 cal on it, her fury over the fate of the Sampson causing her body to convulse-but doing nothing to deter her aim. Die you son of a bitch, die!\" she shrieked. Bullets thudded all over its armor, and the alien trembled and shook. Hopper saw dark streaks of what he assumed to be the creature's blood seeping down section of its armor where the bullets penetrated, Riddled, the alien staggered to the side, its arms outstretched as if it had been crucified, and the n it tumbled over the side of the RHIB. Water fountained from where it went in and then there was then there was no sound, no movement. \"Hah! How do you like that? You dumb sack of shit!\" Raikes was gasping for air, and then she stepped back from machine gun, her hands trembling, and her eyes wide. She forced herself to steady her breath, to calm down, and then slowly she composed herself to steady her breath, to calm down, and then slowly she composed herself and looked levelly at Hopper. She was still bristling with fury, but she had no place to put it, and it looked as if it was beginning to crash in on her. \"What ... what do we do now?\" she asked her voice shaking. \"Beat get me to the life boat that has my brother, and then we need to get to the John Paul Jones,\" Hopper stepped away from the throttle. \"Without a word, Beast took over the throttle and gunned it. The small craft moved away from the scene, heading straight toward the wreckage that was one the Sampson. He prayed that his brother was still alive for his and Melody's sake. So how was this chapter? Anyone want to guess if Stone is still alive? Well if you do or don't please leave a review![Chapter 35] So this is a random chapter that takes place away from Hawaii but I hope you like it still Enjoy~ The White House, 2012 The President couldn't believe what he was seeing. If he had been informed about from someone else, he would have questioned their sanity- and the reliability- of the source. Looking at it now, though, he almost started to wonder about his very own sanity. What he was staring at, being played back to him on a screen in the situation Room, was nothing less than a barrier constructed of the very Pacific Ocean itself. He certainly had experience with what nature was able to accomplishing in Hawaii. Storms, typhoons, the best and the worst that Mother Nature could bestow upon mankind. But what he was witnessing now was beyond what Earth was capable of handling. It seemed as though he were watching a fantasy movie, cooked up by a wizard as a weapon against another wizard. The film had been taken from a distance by a naval vessel and forwarded through channels- not only to him, but to heads of state from every country being represented in the war game, which were- at the moment- suspended. Apparently a real war had overtaken the games, fought against an enemy that was outside the experience of everyone involved. Mountains of water, impassable, impenetrable, were arrayed around Oahu. From the latest Intel on the President's desk, there were three ships- two Americans, one Japanese- within the perimeter. Everyone else was struck outside, cut off as a localized storm kept them at bay. Sheets of lightning rippled up and down the water barrier. All of the Joint Chiefs sat around the table, waiting for the President to absorb what he was seeing. They themselves could barely believe it. Aliens were coming and invading the Earth, but the questions was where they friend or foe? Meanwhile on another screen CNN was on, muted, but the closed caption was activated: \"Little is known beyond the fact that all communication with the island state went down at 12:20 Eastern Standard Time. Extreme weather is now cutting off Hawaii from the outside world. A probable connections to events in Hong Kong is being Investigated.\" The president leaned back in his chair, studying the other screens, each depicting a site around the world that also had been damaged. \"Best guess?\" said the President finally. \"One of the Joint Chiefs sat forward, resting his forearms on the large table that they were all seated around.\" We don't have a best guess, Mr. President. Every single country that it could possibly behind this got hit as well. No one was spared.\" \"Which means,\" said another general, \"It was no single country. Terrorist. It has to be terrorist...\" The Chief of Staff looked skeptical. \"You're telling me that the people who couldn't even blow up a pair of sneakers coordinated something like this...\" \"I'm saying the people who knocked down the Twin Towers coordinated something like this...\" The President shook his head. \"No. No, I'm not buying it. Even on 9/11, they used stranded Earth technology, Earth planes...\" \"Mr. President,\" the vice-president put up a hand as though he was still in elementary. \"You keep saying 'Earth.' Are you implying...\" \"I'm not implying anything. I'm saying it outright. I'm saying what Sherlock Holmes always said. That whenever you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains- however improbable- is the truth. Someone here want to try and tell me on the notion that that,\" he gestured to the screen that was showing the wall of water with lightning running through it, \"is within the realm of possibility, based on what we know current science can produce? Because I'm looking at that giant wall of water, with lightning flashing all around it, and I'm telling you this is either the result of extraterrestrial science, or somewhere right now Zeus is instruction the Kraken be released.\" \"Sir,\" the-president started again, \"you're talking about alien invasion. That's... that's the kind of thing you see in a disaster movie. Not real life.\" \"Sir,\" the Chief of Staff spoke up, \"if we're are going to operate under the assumption that what you're saying is true... and considering that whomever or whatever it is were dealing with we have to assume that they have hostile intent- which we have to believe considering they've made no attempt to engage us in any way other than those that have cost human lives...\" \"I believe that what that the chief of staff is saying, \" said the vice-president, \"is that if we're sticking with the whole 'that the world has turned into a Michael Bay movie, then we all know he has a habit of blowing monuments up and you remember what happened in Independence Day. The big alien saucer blowing the living crap out of-\" \"Yes,\" said the President. \"Yes, I remember it.\" He drummed his fingers on the table. \"I don't like it seems like running away.\" \"Think of it more as a strategic retreat,\" said one of the Joint Chiefs. Heads around the large table nodded in agreement. \"Sir,\" said the chief of staff softly, \"it's worth noting that there may come a point where the secret Service isn't going to give you the option. Better to walk out on your own while things are quiet that to be dragged out while the celling's caving in. Don't you thing?\" The President slowly sagged back in his chair and looked blankly around the room. So that is what it's like to be the most powerful man in the world: you go to ground when danger threatens. \"Inform Marine One and get my family together,\" said the President quietly in the hushed room. So we now know what is going on in the White House. No one believes what is going on and they are having trouble wrapping their minds around the idea of aliens. So will please leave a review even if it's short.[Chapter 36] So here is the final chapter for this week. Enjoy~ USS John Paul Jones, 2012 The skipper will know what to do. Kept going through Hopper's mind as he cast an apprehensive glance at the repair crew trying to deal with the wreckage from the hit they'd taken. The medical crew took Stone away from Beat who had carried him aboard. Stone had a slight plus, but he had lost way too much blood and they was no telling when he would wake o, or even if he would wake up. At least this ship wasn't listing, so obviously nothing fatally catastrophic had happened to it. Yet. Once they returned to the ship, Beast really should have gone to the engine room to make sure his beloved engines were continuing to function and hadn't sustained any damage during the assault. Raikes should have returned to weapons, where she doubtless would've taken comfort in having all the fire power of the John Paul Jones at her disposal, instead of just a single .50 cal machine gun. And Alex wanted to run to the medical room and sit by Stone till he woke up and fixed everything. Instead Beast and Raikes were following Hopper, who was heading straight toward the bridge, to bring his commander up to speed and to find out what the next course of action would be after getting the survivors of the Sampson aboard. The skipper will know what to do. The man may be an audacious jerk, and he's never liked me, but he's forgotten more about strategy than most naval men ever learn. He's probably already got an entire plan in place He's probably already figured out a weakness that went past the rest of us. He's got this covered; he'll be totally on top of it. Hopper walked into the bridge, Beast and Raikes behind him, and glanced around, not finding the person he was most expecting to. \"Where's the skipper?\" he asked. There was dead silence. All Hopper saw was an array of young, terrified faces, looking at him... no, looking to him. Lieutenant J. G. Raj Patel, a young and efficient officer, and Ensign Anthony Rice, still so wet behind the ears he was practically dripping, looked as if they had frayed nerve between them. Ord was also there, staring at him expectantly. Expectantly? What in the world was he expecting? Hopper heard explosions in the distance. He turned and saw that the Japanese vessel the Myoko was under attack from the stinger. The stinger was firing singles of cylinders, rather than barrages, and the weapons were falling short of the destroyer. Warning shots. They don't have infinite number of things. The Myoko was backing off, talking the hint, and that seemed to satisfy the damned stinger, as is cased fire. Why the hell aren't we coordinating attacks? Why are we just sitting here? Why isn't the skipper giving-? \"Orders, sir?\" said Ord. \"Why are you asking me?\" Deep down he knew the answer, but he didn't want accept it. \"Where's the skipper?\" \"Dead sir.\" Ord sounded as if he were talking from somewhere far, far away. A dead man walking, emotionlessly reporting on the fate of those who had already walked down that path. \"What did you say?\" He knew what Ord had said, but he need time to process what he had just learned, time that none of them had. \"Skipper's dead.\" said Ord. Anticipating the next question, he continued, \"XO's dead.\" The debris. The debris from where we were hit. They're under the debris somewhere. Oh my God, they're trying to dog out the bodies... Focus. Focus. Who's in charge?\" asked Hopper. He saw the flicker of disbelief in Ord's eyes before the young man replied. \"You are, sir.\" Ord was starting look like he wanted to be somewhere else. \"No.\" Hopper shook his head. \"I fight the ship.\" \"You're doing that, too. You're all of it, sir. You're in charge.\" Hopper stared at him for a moment, not comprehending. He looked to Patel, who nodded. He looked to Raikes who nodded. \"It's your ship, sir,\" she said firmly. \"You're senior officer. What are your orders?\" Hopper wanted to smirk at Raikes and Beast at being able to give them both orders without someone above him telling him no. \"Orders, sir?\" Ord prompted him again. Slowly he shifted his gaze to Raikes. His eyes hardened and narrowed to slits. Rage began to fill him. Don't give in to it. Channel it. Use it. \"Guns hot?\" \"Aye, sir,\" said Raikes. \"Engines good?\" he asked Beast. Beast was on the horn to the engine room, getting updates, doubtless in anticipation of the question. He glanced toward Hopper. \"Yes, sir.\" He felt hot tears beginning to surge in his eyes: not from grief, but from pure fury. These bastards... They'd almost killed his brother. They were going to pay for ending the loves of the sailors he saw burning alive. Sons of bitched will pay. \"Do we have ship to ship?\" \"We're holding it together with split and bailing wire, but yes, sir.\" \"Good. Raise Nagata. Tell him we're going to attack.\" \"Attack\" Really?\" That was obviously not what Ord had been expecting to hear. \"Those are the orders,\" affirmed Hopper. \"Raikes, get your ass down to CIC. Ready all guns.\" Raikes wanted to say something, but this wasn't the Hopper she enjoyed to mess with. This was a combat zone and he was in charge of the whole damned ship. \"Roger that, Captain,\" said Raikes. With all that done Hopper took a moment to call the medical room to check on his brother. Who was still hanging in there. So I finally found out who John Paul Jones was name after. Does anyone want to guess? Please leave a review if you could spare the moment.[Chapter 37] So this chapter is going to be uber short, but it's kind of important. USS Reagan In his ready room, Admiral Shane watched in silent horror as he played and replayed the final images that had come in from the F-18 before it went down. There was always a sick feeling in the pit of his stomach when someone under his command died as a direct result of one of his orders. Today he'd sent Kenny Johnson- one of the best pilots after Melody- to see what exactly the Sampson and the vessels near it were dealing with. Shane hadn't known he was sending Johnson into a combat situation. He'd thought it would be a simple reconnoitering... and it was dead and, although rationally Shane knew the unknown enemy had been responsible, in his mind it had in fact been he who had killed Johnson. He thanked his luck stars that it was Melody, She had become like a second daughter to him and even though he blamed himself for Johnson's death he was still happy it wasn't Melody. And even worse was the matter of Hopper. For it most definitely was Hopper who had been blown backwards by the energy of that... whatever it was. Even from the height of the F-18 had been flying, taking photos, Shane recognized him. If nothing else, the massive officer nicknamed \"Beast\" being there had more or less assured Hopper's presence; Beast was big enough to be recognized from orbit. If he was out there, then surly Hopper was commanding the boat, and that had probably been Raikes at the gun. Man down! Those had been the last words the he had heard from Johnson before the pilot's horrified scream and image dissolving into a blast of static. Sam and Melody are going to kill me... \"Admiral, you were saying...?\" It was thoroughly unprofessional for Shane to let his mind wonder during such a high-level briefing, even if the man he was talking to wasn't in the room. Shane pressed the phone tighter against his ear to focus himself and said, \"Sorry, Mr. Secretary. I was just... reviewing the latest Intel.\" \"So what's the situation there?\" came the Secretary of Defense's voice over the phone. \"You saw the video we just transmitted?\" \"Yes. Incredible. Horror. That platform is obviously some sort of enemy device. Maybe it's even- and I can't believe I'm saying this, because it sounds like something out of James Bond movie- some manner of weather control machine.\" \"I share both your opinion and your incredulity, Mr. Secretary. Furthermore, we've lost comm with everyone on the other side of the barrier. We can't get in or out. I've already lost one pilot; I'm not going to lose another, even if we could get someone through. We sent two surveillance sorties up to determine how far it extends.\" \"It. You mean this water barrier?\" \"Yes, Mr. Secretary. We also have a submarine, the Stingray, doing soundings to see how deep it goes as well.\" \"Well... how large is it?\" According to the Stingray, it goes all the way to the bottom. No way under it. Or through it. Or over it. Or into it.\" For a long moment the Secretary of Defense was dead silent on the other end of the line, then very softly, \"Holy shit.\" \"Yeas sir,\" said Shane, \"I think that about sums it up.\" So how was this chapter?[Chapter 38] Sorry its taken me so long to update. I felt like no one was in to the story and it made me lose my muse, but recently someone asked if I was updating soon and I said I would so here it goes. Enjoy~ ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ On the bridge, Ord personally transmitted the message that Hopper dictated, earphones pressed to his ear in order to hear the reply. \"Uhm...\" \"Don't give me 'uhm,' Ord. Did they respond?\" Hopper was worried about his brother that was in the medical wing. \"Nagata did, yeah. He said there's not enough battle space, and wanted to know if you were out of your mind.\" \"All ahead flank,\" he said as if no one had spoken. He turned to Ord. \"Tell Nagata I'm going with him or without him. His call. Tell him...\" He paused smiling grimly. \"Tell him with the fate of the world on the line, I'd have thought he'd behave in an honorable manner. And that I'm sorry I overestimated him.\" There were soft murmurs of \"Whoa\" on the bridge. No one there was Japanese, but likewise none of them had any doubts as the challenge Hopper was giving Nagata. Nevertheless, he was wondering as to what the response Nagata was going to give him. \"Sir,\" Ord interupted his thoughts, \"you really want to attack that thing?\" \"Yes. Yes, I do,\" Hopper was thinking of what his brother did for him. \"SIr, they've killed everything that has been fired on them!\" Hopper rounded on him, \"If you're bucking to be relived of duty, keep going. Just say anything to me other than \"Aye sir.' You understand?\" Ord's jaw twitched before saying , \"Aye sir.\" The John Paul Jones slowly turned and prepared to take on the stinger. As it did so, Ord turned to Hopper. \"Sir...\" Hopper fired him a warning look but Ord simply indicated the communications board. Understanding, Hopper nodded and gestured for Ord to keep going. \"Sir, Nagata says you obviously are out of your mind. But he also says that they're in, all ahead full on battle line 110. And that he'll see you in hell. \"Tell him I have dibs on the top bunk. On second thought,\" he said as Ord reached for the transmitter, \"don't tell him that. Tell him to stay on 110 and attack its starboard side.\" He toggled the link to CIC. \"Raikes, are you good to go?\" \"Good to go, sir,\" her voice filtered back. His eyes were locked on the stinger with murderous intent. \"Can you see it, Raikes?\" Raikes did bother with asking what 'it' he was referring to. \"Five-inch gun locked on target, I can see it, sir.\" \"Kill it.\" \"Killing it, sir.\" The moment they were within range, Raikes unloaded, firing directly at the stinger, giving it all she had with the pounding fury of a Five-inch gun could give. Coming in from the other direction, Nagata's vessel followed suit, spitting shells as the stinger that then exploded against the ship's force field. It flared to life, repulsing as many of the shells as it could. It was unable to repulse all of them. Hopper wasn't sure if it was on of his that had manage to punch through the stinger's surface or of it was the Myoko that had the singular honor of landing the first major blow for the way, he was rewarded with the he sight of the stinger rocking on its pontoons, and a blackened, scorched dent appeared on the stinger's hull, on the starboard flank. \"Ha! Got you, you-\" Hopper's gloating died in his throat as the stinger, elevated on its \"legs,\" let fly with those white, cylindrical missiles. Half a dozen of them streaked toward the John Paul Jones . \"Countermeasures!\" he shouted as the cylinders streaked across the sky toward the destroyer. Seconds later there were explosions all around. Most of the cylinders were intercepted and blown up prematurely, but one managed to get through and slammed into the side of the ship, detonating a moment later, The John Paul Jones rocked violently and Hopper shouted, \"Damage report!\" \"Weapons systems down!\" Raike's voice came through the radio. Hopper muttered a curse and watched in horror. He had braced for another round, but as if his ship were old news, the stinger swiveled around to face the Myoko. The action seemed to catch Nagata's vessel flat-footed. \"Move! Move your boat, you so of a bitch!\" Hopper in futility shouted. The stinger moved deftly out of range of the John Paul Jones's guns as it angled toward the Myoko. The launch array atop the stinger swiveled to aim directly at the Japanese destroyer. Seconds later, the stinger had launched a brace of its cylinder weapons, streaking across the space between themselves and the Myoko in no time. The Myoko tried to counter, and was successful in the endeavor as the American vessels had been. Many of the alien missiles were intercepted, but a few were not. The few that were not intercepted was enough to have devastating results. The white cylinders thudded into the ship, and even from the distance Hopper could see them turn from white to red right before they realized that they must have hit the weapon magazines of the fuel reserves, as the ship went ablaze in a massive explosion, \"Get the guns online!\" yelled Hopper. \"We're going in full attack!\" \"Sir,\" Ord interupted getting a report from Raikes, \"guns are three minuets away! We don't have weapons, sir!\" \"The set course for thirty-three degrees and thirty knots.\" Ord had no desire to be relieved of duty, but nonetheless felt compelled tp point out, \"Sir, just so we're clear, that's a collision course.\" Hopper nodded. His next words weren't an order- they were a threat. \"Get the guns online, or I'm going to ram this thing. Witnessing the destruction from her vantage point behind the guns, Raikes watched in horror as th Myoko fought for her life. Raikes also realized that the John Paul Jones was continuing on a collision course with the alien vessel, showing no sign of slowing down or attempting to provide aid to a crippled vessel that had just been attacked. Immediately she got on the horn with Beast, down in the engine room. \"You've got to pull him back. He's going to kill us all.\" You do it,\" came back Beast's voice. \"I can't afford to leave my post! And he'll listen to you before he'll listen to me!\" ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ So I want to know who all is reading this so can you leave a review or pm me because I would like to get my muse back to finish this story![Chapter 39] So due to the responses the last chapter here comes another! I own nothing except when it involves Melody! Enjoy~ ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Hopper was listening to nothing, save the pounding of his pulse in his head and the way his heart was driving him to avenge himself on the stinger. Everyone on bridge looked terrified, keeping themselves together purely because training had drilled into them a directive that superseded even the instinct for self-preservation: respect for the chain of command. He couldn't help but wonder what his brother would do. Even if the person in command was the weak link in the chain. \"Goddamnit!\" Hopper yelled down to Raikes, who had suddenly stopped talking to him. \"Target that thing before it jumps clear! Get me in there so I can hit it!\" Suddenly Beast was standing next to him, as if he just appeared out of thin air. But Hopper didn't even acknowledge that he was there, so focused was he on the enemy in front of him. When Beast said, slow and serious, \"There are sailors in the water,\" it didn't register to Hopper on any level. \"This thing can go faster!\" Hopper yelled. \"What are you dragging your heels for, for the love of Christ! They nearly killed my brother and killed all the sailors on his ship! Are you on their side or-?\" A hand clamped on his shoulder like an vise of iron, sending jolting pain through him, commanding Hopper's attention by its presence. He turned and looked up at Beast, confused, having to remain himself that the huge engineer was standing there, focused on the sentence that Beast slowly repeated, stopping every few words to drive home the emphasis. \"There are sailors. In the water. Sir. \" Finally the words sank into Hopper's mind like a bucket of ice thrown into his face. There was the smell of smoke wafting in the air, blowing through the shattered windows of the bridge, and he saw Nagata's ship, the once-proud Myoko, ablaze in the water. The explosions had turned the vessel into an inferno, and the fire devoured it, men were leaping into the water. Boats were being lowered where ever they could, but it was happening quickly. Many of the decided to simply jump from the ship into the water. They were wearing life jackets, but they wouldn't last out there very long. A few managed to get there hands rafts and they were quickly airing them up. The men who were severely injured were given first priority, shoved into the boats, while those who were in better shape clinged to the sides. The stinger had them at their mercy and proceeded to do...do nothing. Nothing save pull back and return to its first position, guarding the structure in the water. He put aside his concerns and second-guessing as he said briskly, \"Hard port. All engines. Get us over to what's left og the Myoko. We're going to save everyone we can.\" The John Paul Jones quickly made her was toward the scene of the Myoko's death throes. The Japanese sailors weren't even looking at the men coming to rescue them. Instead they were focused on the remains of their vessel as it slowly began to collapse in on itself. Beast never took his eyes off of the alien stinger. \"Why do you think they aren't attacking us?\" \"Maybe they're scared,\" Ord replied. Hopper and Beast both gave him a weird look. \"They aren't scared,\" Hopper answered Then a sound like screeching metal suddenly ripped through the air. The crew on the bridge jumped slightly, waiting for another attack. They looked toward the alien tower and noticed that two doors were opening. \"What are those?\" said Hopper. looking at Beast, hoping that the engineer might be able to provide some sort of answer. Beast shook his head. He had nothing to offer. What they saw was two metallic spheres rising into the sky. They were the same, glinting in the sun, each ruffley the same size of a beach ball. There weren't any visible signs of propulsion. They simply rised into the air like there was no gravity. Hopper braced for an attack as they angled themselves. They soared past hopper moving at a speed somewhere around eighty-five knots and he realized what direction they were going. \"Direct course for Pearl.\" Beast eyes widen as he thought of his family was back there. It was one thing to have his life at risk, but it was another to have his family at risk. \"We've got radio for anti-aircraft,\" Beast said. \"The only radio we have available to us is ship to ship, and bearly that,\" said Hopper. \"We don't have ship to shore.\" \"Damnit,\" Beast replied. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ I really hope you continue to review like y'all did on the last chapter![Chapter 40] I had planned on doing this chapter with the last one, but my older sister wouldn't leave me alone so I only did part of it and posted it for y'all. I own nothing since most of it came from the book version of the movie. Enjoy~ ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Minuets later, Hopper watched the survivors of the Myoko disembark from the life boats John Paul Jones had sent. Ord, who was standing near him, stared at the alien vessels. \"Sir... what are they doing?\" His voice flat, his mind far away with his injured brother, Hopper replied, \"Whatever they damn well please.\" \"No, I mean... why didn't they finish us?\" Hopper had no idea what the aliens were waiting for. \"Maybe they didn't figured we weren't worth their time anymore. Or...\" Then, faced with a question that had no satisfactory answer, he started to look for one. \"When did the targeting alarms stop?\" \"When our weapons went off-line. So... when we weren't able to attack... maybe they stopped looking at us as any kind of threat.\" Slowly Hopper nodded. Ord was clearly surprised at the concept. \"God, that's incredibly binary thinking. Fire when fired upon. We hail them with our horn. they blow out our ear drums. We're fire a warning shot, they sink our ship.\" He paused. \"You think they're machines? You know: totally automated.\" \"I know they're not. Those ships have view ports.\" He glared toward the stinger sitting out there; if a ship could look smug, he was sure the stinger had that look. \"some thing is looking out at us right now.\" \"So if they don't care about us... what do they care about?\" \"That's what we have to figure out.\" he gestured toward the alien vessels. \"As soon as the last of the men are out of the water, get us away from the stinger, Ord.\" \"The what, sir?\" \"Those ships. I call them stingers.\" \"Aye aye sir. Good name, sir. You should trademark that.\" When Ord saw the look Hopper was giving him he quickly headed off to the bridge. The last one to climb over the John Paul Jones's rail was Nagata. His face and uniform were blackened from all of the smoke, and there was also blood on his jacket. Though it did not to appear to be has own blood. Hopper went to Nagata and stopped a couple feet away from him. Nagata stared at Hopper- stiff-backed, stiff-lipped, shoulders squared waiting for him to say something. \"I'm sorry about your men,\" Hopper told him slowly. \"And for the, you know... the thing about you honor.\" Nagata did not respond. Instead he decided to turn his back pointedly and went to attended to his wounded men. There was a whirl wind of activity going around him, and there was not a damn thing he could do to help out. Medics and the quarter masters were attending to everything. All he was doing was taking up space, standing there and trying to stay out of the way. He headed back to his quarters before going and seeing how Stone was doing. He had to get his emotions under control before he went to see his brother. His anger built with each step he took. He took of sprinting down the hall to help with the frustrations he was feeling. Once he made it to his room, he slammed the door shut. As soon as the door was shut he yelled sounding like a caveman hunting. He turned around and saw his image in the mirror and pulled his fist back and punched it. He turned his fury on the rest of the room, pushing things off of the shelves and throwing other things around to he grew tired. He sat on his bed and sighed. He need to go see how his brother was doing Hopper entered the medical room and noticed all the injured sailors from Myoko staring at him. He was the one who wanted to attack the stinger and they all knew that. He kept his head held high and walked to the bed his brother was laying on. He grabbed Stone's and wondered what his brother would do. \"If you keep staring at nothing, I may have start worrying,\" Stone told his younger brother. \"Stone!,\" Hopper yelled and hugged his older brother. \"Thank God your awake!\" Stone smiled and hugged his brother back. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Yay Stone is awake! How many of y'all are excited to see him awake? Well review and let me know! ![Chapter 41] This is a really short chapter. Enjoy~ ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ From the deck of the Missouri , populated mostly by tourists, old, salts, and a grizzled gunner, they could see smoke rising in the distance from the MCB. There had been no Japanese aircrafts, no howling of bombs or staccato assaults of bullets from diving Zeros. Nevertheless the parallels to time long past were unmistakable. Men who were in their eighties now remembered being brand-spanking-new recruits, thrilled to be assigned to Pearl Harbor, only to wind up witnessing firsthand the assault that wound up waking up the giant and sending the United States howling for payback into World War Two. They were seeing history repeat itself, and within their hearts, sleeping giants roared to life once again. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ The next few chapters are going to be with Melody, Mick, and Sam! Review please![Chapter 42] I was so depressed that the last two chapters got no reviews. Well any ways we are back with Sam, Melody, and Mick! Enjoy~ ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ The wind was blowing east, Melody, Sam and their client, Mick, were climbing up the hill, going west, and as a consequence didn't see anything that what was happening at the war games. Melody did catch. a brief faint whiff of something burning, but she didn't hear any trees crackling, no indications of anything on fire. With a small shift in the wind the smell was gone. Melody shrugged her shoulders and chalked all up to someone having a campfire nearby. The shirt Sam was wearing under her light jacket was thick with sweat, while Melody wasn't sweating and had her jacket tied around her waist, as they walked down the dirt road. It was an access road, probably to accommodate park rangers, and so wider and a bit easier to maneuver. Sam needed is since she was having trouble keeping her footing on the uncertain side paths, plus she was still worried Mick might stumble and fall. Melody was sure he could physically withstand any bumps and bruises he might incur, but Sam didn't want his ego to take a battering. Melody sighed looking up at the sky. This was to easy, she was going to have to come back with Stone some other time. Sam didn't need to worried, about Mick though. His confidence seemed to be growing with every step. Plus, Sam figured tat he maybe having an easier time of it in some respects cause her heart had to push blood through her entire body . Since his legs were truncated, there was less strain oh his system then it was on her and Melodys. \"You sure can climb the hell out of a mountain,\" Sam said. \"This is not a mountain,\"he said disdainfully. \"It's sad that you call this mountain,\" Melody added. \"It's more of a mountain than that chair you had your ass parked in this morning when we found you.\" He raised an eyebrow. \"You got a little attitude on you there, Miss Admiral's Daughter.\" \"I don't have an attitude.\" She reached down, picked up a large rock that was in her path and tossed it to the side of the road. \"I'm just not real big on strong, competent men not living up to there potential.\" Mick snorted at theat earning a glare from Melody. \"You talking about me or that part-time fiancé that's got that vein on top of your forehead going like a freight train?\" Melody clenched her fist and kept telling herself it wasn't nice to tackle people who aren't use to their artificial limbs yet. She wasn't the biggest fan of Alex because he hasn't found himself, but he was trying for Sam. She knew Sam was upset that she was that easy to read and tha she was in fact concerned about, and fretting over Hopper. She just didn't like being easy to read. Sam was getting ready t tell him that her personal life was none of his damned business. Her job was to make sure he pulled his head out of his ass and made proper use of those extremely expensive legs taxpayers dollars bought for him. Considering he'd spent the past months alternating between felling sorry for himself and taking his anger out on physical therapist that just wanted to help him, he hardly had license to be judgmental about Hopper. It was high time he got his act together. She was preparing to unload this and more on him, but all of that vanished from her mind when something flew past just overhead, with an ear-splitting howl that reminded her of the old stories about banshee her grandmother used to tell her. Melody felt the ground beneath her feet vibrated violently in response to whatever the hell it was that had shot past right over their heads, flying so low that created a massive section in its wake. Branches, stones, and dirt were all yanked into the air after it, and Sam, Melody, and Mick- taking refuge behind some tall trees- barely managed to avoid being hauled up. Second after the noise and jet wash subsided Sam and Melody's hair were complete messed up Sam made vague attempts to tamp it back into place, having little to no luck. Melody managed to put hers into a messy bun. \"What the hell was that?\" Melody asked. \"No idea.\" \"A low-flying jet? Something from the MCB at K-Bay?\" That made no sense to any of them. Why would a jet be flying that low? It was insanely unsafe for the pilot and anyone nearby. They headed to a ridge nearby hoping that they could get a better idea what was happening. It only to a few moments later. Melody looked in front of her and her heart sank. They couldn't make out anything. The entire base was blocked by black smoke, blowing away from the ridge. \"What's going on down there,\" Sam asked. \"Don't know. Fire maybe,\" Mick replied. \"Fire definitely. But wat caused it? Maybe we should go down and-\" Melody glared at Mick as he intrupted her. \"And what? Put it out? I left my fire truck in my other pants.\" Melody smirked while Sam only nodded. They both silently acknowledging the absurdity of the notion. As much as they wanted to help they weren't going to be of any use. The marines were tried to handle this. They weren't. So they returned to the they had been hicking on ad continued on the path. The conversation between them became muted as the thought about what could have cased the fire at the base, and wondering if the low-flying jet from before had something to do with it. Then they heard the sound of tires coming up the dirt path and they moved to one side, giving way, assuming it was some sort of official vehical heading their way. They turned out to be correct, as a police Jeep Wrangler cruised up quickly behind them and then pulled over. \"You're going to need to get off the mountain and find cover,\" he said brusquely. He acted irritated that he had to tell them this. \"The roads are cut off and we're evacuating the area.\" \"What's happening?\" Sam asked. Mick pointed toward the sky. \"Something just did a flyby. Does tis have anything to do with-\" The cop didn't even let him complete his sentence. \"The island is under attack.\" They were stunned into silence for a moment. \"From who?\" Melody managed to ask. She grew extremely worried about Stone and Alex and the rest of their friends. \"We don't know for sure. They've taken out the marine base. Some people are...\" He paused, looking for all the world as if he felt insane for thinking the next words \"... using the word 'alien.'\" \"Alien?\" Mick didn't understand. \"You mean, like... Mexicans?\" Melody didn't know if she should feel more sorry for Mick of the cop. She couldn't keep the skepticism from her voice. \"I think he means like little green men from outer space.\" \"Mick snorted at that. \"Oh, well, that's not so bad, then. I mean, when they start giving me rectal probes, maybe they can check my prostate while they're up there.\" \"I'm glad you think this is some sort of big joke,\" 'Blake' said. Melody glanced at his name tag. \"Meanwhile they Navy's engaging off the coast-\" \"Wait... What?\" ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ So what do you think of this chapter? Remember to review they make me happy and want to update![Chapter 43] Thank you CrazyAlternateUniverse for leaving a review! This is a short chapter cause I was unable to post earlier and my family won't leave me be. Enjoy~ ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ As Sam and Melody tried to reorient herself around the bombshell that the cop dropped on them, another Jeep came skidding to a hard stop behind Blake's. There were three cops in that one. Two cops, with name tags indicating they were Officers Burns and Strodel, were in the front. A third, Kline, was crunched in the back. He hopped out and came around to the Jeep that Blake was driving, hopping into the passenger's was carrying a shotgun and chambered it meaningfully as he climbed in. It wasn't a gestured ment to be threatening to them; instead he was simply preparing for whatever was up the road. Sam was still working on processing what Blake had told her. \"The Navy? What do you mean 'the Navy'? Which ship?\" She had her cell phone in her hand but wasn't getting any signal. The bars were flatlined. \"Please, can I use your phone? I need to make a call.\" Blake shook his head. \"No service. Phones, radios, everything is dead. Miss,\" and he was clearly out of patience, \"We need you three off the mountain. Now.\" \"Okay, well,\" Mick said, \"can you give us a lift to-?\" The only response the cops provided was to shift the Jeeps into gear. Seconds later both of them raced up the mountain road, leaving Melody, Mick, and Sam in a cloud of dust. Melody gave Sam a look of worry. Both of their guys were at war with the aliens and there was nothing they could do and they couldn't get a hold of them. \"Well, I feel so much safer now,\" said Mick. Then realized where Sam and Melody's minds were going, he turned to them and said, \"I'm sure your fiancé and semi-fiance are just fine-\" Sam put her hand up, trying to keep her voice from trembling. \"Mick, could you just...not. Right now. Just not.\" \"Right. Okay.\" He actually sounded borderline contrite. Melody nodded at Mick and wrapped an arm around Sam. Melody felt her heart constrict and the thought of Stone being in the middle of the fight with the aliens and her brother... Oh god her brother and Krissy were near the Marines. No Mike would have taken Krissy to the mall today because it was his day off and she wanted to spend time with him away from his friends. The thought of Mike and Krissy bearly left her mind when there was a hellacious noise where the cops had gone. The screaming of humans voices was combined with the screaming of metal, becoming on huge cacophony of destruction. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ So I'm ending it there so I can think of how to write the next part cause I don't want Melody stealing the show and become a Mary-Sue. Please leave a review and let me know what you think![Chapter 44] Well here is another chapter and hopefully I can get some reviews cause I'm starting to wonder how many people enjoy this story and who is reading it to read it. Enjoy~ ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ The thought barely crossed her mind when a from where the cops had gone. The screaming of human voices combined with the screaming of metal, becoming one huge cacophony of destruction. Every bit of common sense would have them run in the opposite direction of the destruction. Instead Sam ran toward the source of the destruction, Mick doing his damnedest to keep with her and Melody. The road curved to the right and suddenly a hand clamped onto Sam's shoulder. She was about to let out a yelp when another covered her mouth and turned her violently around. It was Mick, and the perpetual look of annoyance was gone, replaced with total focus on Sam and Melody's safety, not to mention his own. It was easy to forget that this was a trained soldier, a man who had been dropped into the middle of life and death situations and come through them... well, alive, if not in one piece. He dragged her to the side of the road with Melody and whispered fiercely at Sam, \"Are you stupid or something? Little Miss Admiral's Daughter should know better than to go running into the middle of a fight without a clear idea of what she's getting into. Now stay behind me, got that?\" Sam nodded and Melody looked at his face wondering why he wanted to go first. \"I'll be behind Sam,\" Melody wanted Sam safe as she can be. Slowly Mick removed his hand from her mouth. She looked up at him and said quietly, \"You caught up with me. That's...wow.\" \"Yeah, well, stopping someone from doing something incredibly idiotic can be a huge incentive.\" Then he put a finger to his lips to indicate that they should stop talking He moved slowly down the road, Sam following behind him. Melody grabbed her gun before following behind her. Unfortunately stealth was a slight problem because the servos in Mick's legs continued to whir softly. He winced visibly at the noise and endeavored to keep his legs as straight as possible. If he didn't move his knees, then the noise was minimal. Having taking the lead, he made his way to the bend in the road, gesturing for her to stay back and keep her mouth shut. Whatever the hell had caused the ruckus was gone, but Mick was determined not to run headlong into an unknown situation. Mick peered around the corner, minimizing his own exposure, and then he turned to Melody and Sam, looking utterly shaken. He gestured for her to join him, and she did. When they saw what he was looking to, Sam's jaw dropped at astonishment and Melody felt grim. One of the jeeps was laying on its side. The other had been ripped into a grotesque shape, little more than shredded pieces of mental that wouldn't have been recognizable as a vehicle if there weren't any tires lying on the road. There were no sign of human bodies. Melody watched as Mick and Sam looked at the wreckage and watched as Sam stared at the arm that still had the name tag attached to it. Mick cover Sam's mouth as she opened her mouth her mouth to scream. \"Shut up,\" Mick hissed at Sam. Sam nodded with eyes wide. \"What... what the hell did this?\" she said. Speaking to loudly wasn't a problem for her; she could barely get the words out. \"I have no idea.\" ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ So here is another chapter in my long story. I didn't think this story would be this long. Please leave a review and tell me what you think![Chapter 45] So I have been really bad about updating, but I decided that I would tonight and really hope y'all like it and I get reviews! Enjoy~ ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Then something stepped into view, something that- although Melody and Sam could not have known- was of the same race as the creature that Hopper had seen standing on top of a vessel three hundred miles away. The alien was studying the dead cops- or the remains of them- with what seemed to be clinical detachment, as if trying to figure out how they had fit together in the first place before they had been butchered. Then slowly, its attention turn toward Melody, Mick and Sam's hiding place. At which point Sam completely lost it. Her body began to convulse and Mick was forced to cover her mouth again. Melody fought the urge to scream and run into a fight with the alien. Melody glanced back at her friend as Sam tried to fight to get away. She heard Mick try and get het to be quiet, but that small noise made the alien turn its head back at their direction. Mick quickly wrapped an arm under her chin with the crook of his elbow over the midline of her neck. Then pinched the arm together and Sam suddenly felt dizzy, as if something had shut off the flow of blood to her brain. Then she blacked out. Sam came to a few minuets later, jolted awake by the deafening sound of something else flying low. She looked at Melody who was looking up at the vessel that was unlike anything they had ever seen. It was huge, and appeared to be composed of two sections. The upper one was long, wide, and flat, like the top of an aircraft carrier. There didn't seem to be anything atop it, although they couldn't be sure from the angle they were looking at. But the front was open, as was the back, allowing for the possibility of smaller vessel flying into it and out of it. The lower section, the underside, was two-thirds the length of the upper, deeper than it and with what appeared to be a series of over-size clamps running along either side, Sam and Melody were in the same place that Sam had passed out with Mick missing. Melody glanced behind her and saw her friend was awake and gave her a friendly smile. They heard a soft noise from up ahead, and for a moment Melody thought Sam was going to start freaking out again before she heard the telltale sound of Mick's hydraulics. Sure enough. there he came around the bend. He looked stunned, as if he couldn't quite believe what he'd seen. He was so distracted that he nearly stumbled over Sam, who was just now sitting up. He crouched in front of her, his eyes flickering with concern. \"Are you all ar- ow!\" Melody laughed softly as Sam punched Mick. Not hard, but hard enough to get a startled exclamation out of him. \"You put a sleeper hold on me? she demanded. \"You dick !\" with no sign of the alien Mick was now speaking in a normal tone, she wasn't attempting to keep her voice down. \"You could've killed me if you hadn't done the hold correctly!\" \"Yeah I know because I've used it to kill people. So i know how to do it right and I know how to do it dead. Which os what we would've been. thanks to the Predator over there, if I hadn't done something to shut you up. You okay now?\" Sam nodded although it made her neck hurt. Melody was standing guard with a few glances at the two. \"What happened after you-?\" \"Dropped you like a bad habit? Well, he was looking right where we were hiding, and he took a couple of steps toward us, and then suddenly that ship showed up and he lost interest. I guess he had bigger fish to fry.\" \"Or bigger planets.\" Sam took a moment to get caught up on everything that has happened since the cops showed up. \"Where did you go?\" \"I followed him even though Melody wanted to, but she didn't feel like leaving you behind. He seemed distracted by the new arrival. I saw others like him, setting up some kind of... I don't know what it was.\" Melody was listening to what they were saying now while keeping her eyes on the trees around them. \"But... what are they?\" \"You mean our new pals? I have no idea.\" \"What are they doing?\" \"If I had to guess... considering that they seemed to be setting up shop with some kind of satellite dishes ahead a ways... they're building something.\" \"Where is everyone?\" \"Everyone? You mean our armed forces? Our Navy, who's out fighting them in the ocean? Our marines, who just got the crap blown out of their nearby bases? Gee... I don't know.\" \"Where's my father? Where's Hopper?\" Tears, uncontrolled, started running down her cheeks. Melody was wondering where her brother, his wife and Stone were and felt the sting of tears threatening to come, but tears weren't going to help them or her. Mick was starting to run out of patience. \"Stop,\" he said firmly to Sam, and there seemed a chance that he might knock her unconscious again if she didn't get ahold of herself. She breather deeply and snuffled a few time, doing the best she could. \"Melody?\" \"What?\" \"Am I dreaming?\" Mick's face soften a little as Melody replied. \"I don't think so. I know I'm not, because I know when I'm dreaming I have Stone with me, and there's no scary aliens around.\" \"I have gorgeous women in mine,\" Mick added. Despite the seriousness of the situation, the last comment actually made her smile slightly. \"Can you pull it together, Sam? Can you?\" \"Yes.\" Sam nodded. \"I'm okay.\" Sam got up a dusted herself off. \"Thanks for saving my ass, by the way. I shouldn't have lost it like that.\" \"I've seen professional soldiers lose it over far less. And your welcome.\" He glance over at the Jeep. \"We're gonna get some guns besides Melody's.\" Sam looked Mick before it clicked that they were going to get the guns from the... \"No. I can't.\" \"You can.\" He pushed her forward as Melody grabbed her hand. Melody lead her toward the Jeep. \"You'll thank us if you holding a weapon when something jumps out at us.\" Mick grabbed a shot gun while Melody looked over and watched him examined it. It was a smart idea because the last thing they needed was the thing blowing up in their faces. Melody glanced at Sam who was pale from all the blood around them. Melody managed to ignore it though with Sam around it was harder. Suddenly there was a crashing sound and a streak of movement in the bush nearby. Mick and Melody spun, training both of their guns, ready to open fire on what Sam was certain was going tone an oncoming alien. A dark-haired, bearded man staggered out of the thick bush, covered in dirt and sweat. He took one look at the guns, and the people holding them, and let out a terrified shriek. He put his hands up in the air. \"Don't shoot! Are you trying to get away? If you're leaving, take me with you? \"WHy should we? Mick kept the gun level though Melody put hers away and went to see if there were any other gun her for Sam. \"How do we know you're not one of them? This could be one of those Body Snatchers deals.\" \"I swear to you, I'm not!\" Mick paused and then said challengingly, \"Whats your favorite football team?\" \"What?\" Te man blinked then said, \"I'm... I'm not into football really.\" Mick chambered a round and Melody turned around ready to grab her gun. His voice going up an octave, the man cried out, \" I like baseball, though!\" \"Which team?\" \"The Cubs!\" Mick took this in and lowered the rifle. \"He's legit. An alien conqueror would have said the Yankees.\" Melody laughed as she grabbed another gun and a knife. \"Who are you?\" Sam asked the stranger. She had watched Melody and Mick and the stranger with a confused look on her face, but shrugged it off. \"I'm Calvin Zapata. Doctor Calvin Zapata. We...\" He tried to wipe the dirt off his face, but he only smeared it. \"We sent out a beacon. To contact intelligent life in deep space. We monitor it from an outpost on top of the mountain.\" Melody remembered hearing about it six years ago, but she never thought about it after that. \"So you invited them here?\" Sam asked shocked with wide eyes. He started to nod but then quickly shook his head. \"Not me. Them. Others. I mean, yes, I worked for the Project, but I tried to tell them this could happen. The program really just hoped that if we ever made contact, they were going to be...\" \"Nice?\" said Mick. Melody snorted as Zapata nodded. \"Yeah, well,\" and he nodded to the remains of the cops. \"They're not.\" ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ I hope to have a couple of reviews by the time I update again! Which I hope is soon![Chapter 46] So I've decided to update and I really hope someof y'all decide to leave a review so I know people are reading this. Happy New Year! Enjoy~ I'm sinking inside And the masts and lines are broken down tonight. I swallow my pride But we're drowning in the ocean and it's tearing my heart open Baby, we're high then we're low, first it's yes then it's no, and we're changing like the tides Yeah, but I want you, I need you, and I guarantee you we'll make it out alive 'Cause I don't wanna fight no more, Even when the waves get rough I don't wanna see the day we say we've had enough And I don't wanna fight this war Bullets coming off our lips But we stick to our guns and we love like battleships. Like battleships. Boom, ba-boom, boom, ba-boom, boom, boom Boom, ba-boom, boom, ba-boom And the cannon goes Boom, ba-boom, boom, ba-boom, boom,boom Boom, ba-boom, boom, ba-boom And the cannon goes Bombs fly through the air And I know that we're both playing not so fair. Oh, show, show me you care I got my white flag up and it's waving 'cause you know this love's worth saving, baby. We're high then we're low, first it's yes then it's no, and we're changing like the tides Yeah, but I want you, I need you, and I guarantee you we'll make it out alive 'Cause I don't wanna fight no more, Even when the waves get rough I don't wanna see the day we say we've had enough And I don't wanna fight this war Bullets coming off our lips But we stick to our guns and we love like battleships Like battleships. Boom, ba-boom, boom, ba-boom, boom, boom Boom, ba-boom, boom, ba-boom And the cannon goes Boom, ba-boom, boom, ba-boom, boom, boom Boom, ba-boom, boom, ba-boom And we love, yeah we love And we love, yeah we love I'm sinking inside Can we finally put our weapons down tonight? 'Cause I don't wanna fight no more, Even when the waves get rough don't wanna see the day we say we've had enough And I don't wanna fight this war Bullets coming off our lips But we stick to our guns and we love like battleships Like battleships Boom, ba-boom, boom, ba-boom, boom, boom Boom, ba-boom, boom, ba-boom And the cannon goes Boom, ba-boom, boom, ba-boom, boom, boom Boom, ba-boom, boom, ba-boom And the cannon goes Boom, ba-boom, boom, ba-boom, boom, boom Boom, ba-boom, boom, ba-boom And the cannon goes Boom, ba-boom, boom, ba-boom, boom, boom Boom, ba-boom, boom, ba-boom And we love like battleships. Battleship by Daughtry ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Hopper had managed to pick up some of the damage he'd inflicted on his quaters. Now he lay on his bunk, staring at a photograph of himself and his brother. The picture was intact, but there was a crack in the glass. The crack ran lengthwise and divided the two brothers from each other. There was a knock at the door and it swung open beforeHoppereven had the chance to signal that whoever it was could enter. Beast loomed in the enterenceway, and Hopper could tellfrom the all-business expression on his face thathe wasn't there to inquire after Hopper's health. \"Sir, we need you.\" Hopper didn't respond at first. Then, his voice low and heavy, he spoke- not to Beast, but to the image of his brother. \"I can't do this.\" \"We need you, sir,\" Beast repeated, as if Hopper hadn't spoken, or even heard him. This time he looked stright at Beast. \" 't\" \"If you can't then, who can Hopper,\" Stone asked from behind Beast. Hopperpropped himself upon his elbows. \"Why can't you?\" \"I'm not cleared for duty and I got my ship blowen up,\" Stone replied looking at his brother. \"What the hell's so important. What do you need me for?\" Hopper asked \"We've pulled one out of the water. During the Myoko rescue-\" \"What are you talking about? I thought we pulled all of them out of-\" He stopped as he relized what Beast was talking about. His hands trembled. Immediately he sat fully upright. \"One of... them?\" Beast and Stone nodded. \"But...how-?\" \"Judging by the bullet holes in its armor, I'm pretty sure it's the one that Raikesshot to hell.\" \"But if that's the case, why isn't it just lying at the bottom of the ocean?\" \"Beast guess: some sort of internal buoyancy device in the armor.\" Stone shrugged. \"And how would that work?\" \"I don't know. But I thought you'd want to be ther when we dissect the bastard to fing out.\" \"Where is it?\" \"Helicopter bay.\" Hopper gave one more determined look at Stone. Before following Beast and his brother. Minuets later they enteren the helicopter bay. Raikes, Ord, and various crew men from both ships were gatered around the a table upon which a dead alien warrior was lying. Nearest to it was Nagata, who was staring down at it with cold fury. He looked ready to rip thething apart with his bare hands. All eyes went to Hopper as he entered. \"Let's have a look at it,\" he said briskly. Ord said nervously, \"You're gonna touch it? Maybe it's radiactive or something...\" \"Running a Geiger counter over it was the first thing we did when we bought it on board,\" said Beast. \"Okay, but maybe it's got some kind of alien virus or something.\" \"No one'sputting a gun to your heas to ake you be here,\" Raikes said to Ord with obvious annoyance. \"It's first contact, Raikes. It's freaking history. Where else would I be?\" \"Hiding under your bunk, swabbing yourself with Purell?\" \"Stow it, both of you,\" said Hopper, having no patients for his crew's banter right then. He looked silently at Nagata and Stone, who both nodded there heads, and the three of them got down to business. It took them several moments to work the helment free. It was even mor hideous than when Hopper had seen it from a distance. He and Nagata looked down at it in bewilderment. Then a burst of liquid from some sort of tube spurted out at the two commanders, hitting them in the face. \"Acid!\" Ord cried out. \"It's spitting acid at you!\" \"No,\" said Hopper, blinking furously. \"Salt water.\" Stone grinned at his little brother. He found that Hopper did well under pressure and even though he was tempted to guide his brother he knew Hopper needed to do this on his own. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ So this was a short chapter, but I will update again when I get 5 reviews. Sorry I just feel like I'm losing most of y'all! Please leave a review if you can![Chapter 47] So I finally got five reviews so I am updating for all of you! I hope y'all continue to review Enjoy~ I don't wanna be another wave in the ocean I am a rock not just another grain of sand I wanna be the one you run to when you need a shoulder I ain't a soldier but I'm here to take a stand Because we can She's in the kitchen staring out the window So tired of living life in black & white Right now she's missing those technicolor kisses When he turns down the lights Lately feeling like a broken promise In the middle staring down his doubt There's only one thing in this world that he knows He said forever and he'll never let her down I don't wanna be another wave in the ocean I am a rock not another grain of sand I wanna be the one you run to when you need a shoulder I ain't a soldier but I'm here to take a stand Because we can She laid take out on the coffee table Prepped the dishes poured a glass of wine Turn down the sound and move a little closer Just for a moment everything is alright I don't wanna be another wave in the ocean I am a rock not just another grain of sand I wanna be the one you run to when you need a shoulder I ain't a soldier but I'm here to take a stand Because we ca-an our love can move a mountain Because we ca-an if you believe in we Because we ca-an just wrap your arms around me Because we ca-an we ca-an I don't wanna be another wave in the ocean I am a rock not just another grain of sand I wanna be the one you run to when you need a shoulder I ain't a soldier but I'm here to take a stand I don't wanna be another wave in the ocean I am a rock not just another grain of sand I wanna be the one you run to when you need a shoulder I ain't a soldier but I'm here to take a stand Because we ca-an our love can move a mountain Because we ca-an if you believe in we Because we ca-an just wrap your arms around me Because we ca-an we can Because we ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Must be some kind of hydration system,\" said Beast. His comment barely registered. They were all dealing with various degrees of shock, and it was easy to understand why. Mankind's first extended counter, face-to-face, with an alien life form, and it was happening right on their ship. And it was happeningunder the most mundane conditions possible. Not with flying saucer desending into Central Park or perhaps on the front lawn of the White House. Saying \"take me to your leader.\" No, instead it was on a make-shift operating table, like something out of a damned procedural. CSI: ET or maybe SVU: UFO. Hopper tried to keep his handsfrom trembling as he turned the head of the alien left, then right. In additionto the blue-green of his face, it had strange markings that he couldn't even begin to translate, and whatlooked more than anything like a growth of stalatictites coming from its chin. The alien equivant of a beard? Bone structure extending from its skull? He had no idea. \"My dad use to say they'd come,\" Raikes said softly. \"Said it his whole life. 'We ain't alone. There's no way.' He said one say we're gonna find them or they're gonna find us.\" \"Yeah,\" said Ord. \"Know what else he said?\" Raikes asked. \"What?\" asked Ord \"He said, \"I hope I'm not around when that day comes,\" replied Raikes. \"Uh-\" Ord paused then asked innocently. \"Did he say anything about you shooting the crap pit of it?\" \"I'd do it again in a hearbeat. You want a firsthand re-creation of how it went down?\" \"Last warning bothof you, Hopper said sharply. He turned to Beat. \"Give me your flashlight,\" he said. \"Gloves,\"Ord said urgently. \"At least glove up, sir.\" Hopper stopped and turned to him. \"Ord, I understand you're a little freaked out. So I'm going to say this nice and patient: Calm the hell down.\" Even though Stone agreed with Ord it wasn't his place to make his brother do something that he didn't want to do Ord forst a nod. \"Roger wilco, Captain. I'm calm. I'm, like, neurosurgeon calm. Buddha calm. Buddha Buddha. \"One more word and I'm going to let Raikes shot you.\" Raikes smiled in anticipation. Ord promptly shut up. Stone smirked at the crew's antics even though the situation was possibly dire. Beast handed Hopper a Maglit. The relucant captain leaned in close to the aliens face. studying it. He flicked the light on and shined it directly into the alien's eyes Stone watched his brother as he leaned closer to the aliens face and... ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Dun dun dun I think we all know what is about to happen. So once again Five reviews equal an update! ","Summary":" So seeing another story on this movie/book be posted and not be updated I decided to try my hand at"},{"Movie":"Austenland","Title":"e-mails from Austenland","Author":"everyl1ttleth1ng","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10397398","Passage":"[Chapter 1] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Carrie, dearest. Date: 19 June 2013 12:34:12 PM BST To: cnobley at elenamail. com Carina, I cannot believe I let you talk me into this. The least you can do is be my one point of contact with the outside world. You should see the get-up our nutcase Aunt A. has got me in. Actually, I probably can't lie to you. You know I've ALWAYS wanted to stride about in a pair of these boots. You'd probably be nice and say I look dashing. If I get a chance I'll try to get one of the other chaps to take a photo of me for you next time we get a break. Dancing lessons next. Yes, I will be sticking pins into the little effigy of you I'm carrying in my dress-coat pocket between bouts of skipping about the ballroom and my paroxysms of shame. You'll be pleased to hear that Aunt Agatha has fished out a few gold-embossed black leather covers to make my next semester's teaching prep look more authentic. At least I have her firm promise that I'm only required as a Regency inspired gigolo for the first two days and after the soap star arrives I'm relegated to period-attired window dressing. I'm planning to try to get my next chapter entirely researched before the week is out. I just have to be able to tolerate a few sessions of extremely dull small-talk over sumptuous meals, perhaps a bit of croquet and the rest of my time should be my own. My \"charge\" arrives tomorrow morning and then two more desperate spinsters are expected just before dinner. And you, my dear Carrie, are deluded enough to think I'll find true love! That makes you almost as barmy as the women who prop up Mad Aggie's dubious enterprise. There'd better be an email from you in my inbox when I get back here for my next break! Love to the bairns and that beef-cake husband of yours, Henry.[Chapter 2] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Carrie, dearest. Date: 19 June 2013 02:17:55 PM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Oh, Henry, I cannot wait to see that photo. Arlo and Lulu will flip! I've had them watching that old BBC \"Pride and Prejudice\" so they'll at least know all about the boots. Though, truth be told, they do the boots much better in Keira's version. Remember those tragic black ballet flats the chaps appear in from time to time in the old one? I hope Aunt A hasn't supplied you with a pair of those! And let's not be too hasty in writing these women off as \"desperate spinsters\". May I remind you that you too are an Austen tragic – a certain PhD comes to mind? And may I remind you also that if you had a chance to meet your Miss Elizabeth Bennett you'd \"travel any distance, pay any sum, perform any feat of daring-do\"? Quoting you verbatim, my dear brother. Verbatim. So hold off on the judgement. So, what are the other men like? I want all the goss. The bairns send their love and the beef-cake is sniggering at you. Lulu thinks you've gone off to Find a Wife Camp. That may be because that's what we've fondly nicknamed your little foray into the world of cosplay. Can't wait for your next update! Love Carrie[Chapter 3] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Re:Carrie, dearest. Date: 19 June 2013 08:04:29 PM BST To: cnobley at elenamail. com Oh, God, Carrie. Find a Wife Camp? How could you let my little niece believe such a thing of me!? Dancing lessons were utterly ridiculous. I could die of embarrassment. At least the other blokes were pretty nice about it all. We had a bit of a laugh. So, the Austenland roll call: So far, there's this grotesque old guy who plays The Formidable Agatha's husband. You should see the mutton chops on him! Very Martin Chuzzlewit! Then there's a chap going by the name Colonel Andrews. Sweet but camp as a row of tents. Surely any red-blooded woman would see right through him?! There are quite a few guys playing servants (or possibly actually being servants?) but one of them was with us in the dancing class, Martin, I think. A Kiwi. Seems ok, I guess. Didn't say much to me. Andrews was telling me all about this George East character that I'm filling in for. He sounds an outrageous himbo, so should be good for some comic relief which I, at least, will desperately need. Can't wait to meet him! Breakfast tomorrow is apparently a our last relaxed meal - the last time we get to enjoy our usuals before all the crazy period meals begin. Then, I think we can expect my new girlfriend \"Her Excellency Lady Hartwright\" (kill me now) just before morning tea. Not sure if I'll get to write until after I've met her but I guess if, as you predict, I've fallen head over heels in love by then maybe you'll never hear from me again. We'll sequester ourselves on some horse stud in the moors and play whist all day. Heaven. Obviously, I'll have to turf my laptop and quit Cambridge. Lady Hartwright sounds like a woman of independent fortune. I'm happy to be a kept man. Now off you go and disabuse poor Lulu of the horrifying notion that her uncle is at Find a Wife Camp! Honestly! Be a dear and punch the beef-cake in the face for me, won't you? And enjoy the attached pic. Love Henry[Chapter 4] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Re:Re:Carrie, dearest. Date: 19 June 2013 10:14:43 PM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Dr Nobley, The beef-cake challenges you to a duel. Rapiers at sunrise immediately on your return. Scratch that. He just popped his head back in to say he remembers that you're actually an alright fencer so he's withdrawn the challenge and plans to just spam you to death. Enjoy that. Oh, Henry! That photo! You're such a spunk! Seriously, many of those girls in bonnets that turn up to your lectures trying to woo you would be on the ground in a dead faint if they could see this image. I am SO tempted to tweet it. Ack! Just caught Arlo reading under the bed covers. You'll be pleased to know that it's Northanger Abbey . He's following in your esteemed footsteps, but as his mother I am off to wrest it out of his hands. Love love love, Carrie.[Chapter 5] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: YOU TWEET YOU DIE Date: 19 June 2013 10:58:32 PM BST To: cnobley[Chapter 6] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Your future sister-in-law Date: 20 June 2013 11:47:07 AM BST To: cnobley Well, Carina, my heart has been won. She arrived in feathers and lace and I was immediately charmed. We've settled on Bath and she has ten thousand a year so all my crumpets have come up buttered. Tell Arlo and Lulu that I'll mail them a trinket immediately and send for them to stand up with me at our wedding post-haste. I'm not sure that you and the beef-cake are quite up to holding your own with the social set attending so I'll make sure you get some nice photos in the mail. Oh, Carrie. You should see her. It is JUST as bad as I imagined. Appalling attempt at a British accent and like Kitty Bennett on speed. TWO WHOLE DAYS! Remember that I hate you with the fire of a thousand suns, ok? Tell the beef-cake that I suppose we can be friends. I'll lay down my sword if he'll stop RickRolling me. Henry.[Chapter 7] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Your future sister-in-law Date: 20 June 2013 12:38:16 PM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk She sounds like a dream! Arlo wants to know if you're more like Mr Tilney or Mr Darcy. Compose him an essay on that, Dr Henry Nobley. Might save you a fortune on future psychiatrist fees. The beef-cake promises to stop RickRolling you if you can send him a picture of you in your get-up on horseback. I think he wants to email it to your Cambridge polo buddies. Lulu is pleased you're not actually at Find a Wife Camp. It turns out she has plans of marrying you herself. I've tried to explain that there are obstacles but she's determined to find a way. Bless! More Lady Hartwright news immediately! And fill us in on the new arrivals the minute you get a chance. Love Carrie.[Chapter 8] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Re:Your future sister-in-law Date: 20 June 2013 05:24:22 AM BST To: cnobley In my best frilly cravat for dinner psyching myself up to being fawned over my Lady Nutcase and her new pals. At least I get to try a bit of pheasant. Aunt A has been giving me a fair bit of stink-eye. It seems I have to try to warm up to the task a bit. How can I when it is ALL SO REVOLTING! I feel like I'm being pimped out to a deranged ribbon monster. Will fill you in on the new Ugly Sisters after I meet them over the pheasant. Starting to wish The Formidable Agatha had let me assume a pseudonym. Would hate to be traceable by any of these women. They're certifiable! Give Lulu a kiss from me and tell her I'd make a terrible husband. Shouldn't require you to venture too far into fiction. Tell Arlo for now that I'm yet to find my Austen spirit animal. Ask him who he thinks I should aim for. So far I'll be lucky to achieve a passable Mr Collins. Be a dear and pass on to the beef-cake that his chances of getting his hands on any more incriminating photos of me are slim to none. Love Henry[Chapter 9] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Re:Re:Your future sister-in-law Date: 20 June 2013 07:56:42 PM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Oooh, Ugly Sisters, Henry? Your inner misogynist rears his ugly head. We know you've been hurt in the past, my love, but remember that I'm a woman too and you love me to bits and I am not very far short of perfection. The beef-cake thinks so, anyway. Good luck holding your own against Mad Aggie![Chapter 10] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:Your future sister-in-law Date: 20 June 2013 11:29:13 PM BST To: cnobley Carrie, my sweet, it's at times like this that I really could cheerfully boil you in oil. It has been a truly awful afternoon with Lady-Frigging-Hartwright (LFH) as she will henceforth be known, but you WOULD NOT BELIEVE one of the new recruits. An American, well past her used-by date, who fits somewhere on the spectrum between a Pearlie and Dolly Parton. She literally, I kid you not, tried to play footsies with me under the table. Not even these boots can ward off an attack of that nature. Thankfully, it seems that my new mate Colonel Andrews has been assigned to her – Miss Charming, if ever there was a less appropriate moniker – and he seems game enough to fulfil his assignment. Good luck to him. When it comes to our other arrival, I'm afraid all jokes must cease. You'll be rubbing your hands with glee to hear me admit that I may actually be in a spot of danger with this one. She's been introduced as Miss Jane Erstwhile and the moment I spied her over the top of my book I had some kind of physical response to her that left me trembling. Here was I, nerves so shattered by the grotesqueness of one and the perfection of the other that I can hardly say Miss Erstwhile and I got off to a great start. I was a bit contrary, it must be said. She skewered me in a very witty Elizabeth Bennett fashion that I found utterly appealing but then LFH got in on the act and outright insulted her, obviously cutting her to the quick. While I do actually feel pain for her pain (\"A first for this cold-hearted bachelor!\" I hear you exclaim), her genuine emotional response revealed to me two truths – she is not otherwise attached, and, she wants to be. You're delighted aren't you. I can practically hear you squealing with delight that your scheme might have worked. But just because I'm attracted to her doesn't make this Find a Wife Camp. Kiss the bairns for me. And what the hell, plant one on the beef-cake and tell him it's from me. Henry.[Chapter 11] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:Your future sister-in-law Date: 21 June 2013 07:28:13 AM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk MORE INFORMATION REQUIRED ASAP! (not Find a Wife Camp my foot)[Chapter 12] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:Your future sister-in-law Date: 21 June 2013 04:14:56 PM BST To: cnobley Carrie, Sorry to keep you in such suspense. I am a complete basket case. So, this morning after breakfast, we all went walking. I held back a bit, hoping to be able to walk with this intriguing Miss Erstwhile but LFH quite literally yanked me away and she was left in our wake. Rather than awkwardly tag along behind us she went off to explore and I could have kissed Colonel Andrews, what seemed like hours later, when he finally suggested the two of us should go and seek her out. We found her in the barn in conversation with that Martin chap I mentioned earlier. I'm still not sure about him or where he stands in this bizarre place but it did look rather a lot like he'd been trying to flirt with her. Andrews launched into this ridiculous tirade and she looked so embarrassed. I tried to save her by asking if she felt unwell but that didn't quite do the trick either. We were saved by the outrageous sight of Miss Charming on horseback channelling a non-naturalist Lady Godiva. It seemed we were off horse riding and hunting for the afternoon. As I should have expected, I was stuck with LFH, so I could do nothing but stand by and watch as this creepy Martin guy did that rom-com pool cue trick as he showed her how to hold a gun. I'm amazed she tolerated it. The minute he let go of her she shot everything out of the sky – unbelievable! That's Americans for you, I suppose. Anyway, there was some to-do with her horse, I don't know what happened, because I was ever so frustratingly forced to leave her behind, alone with Creepy Martin. The next thing I knew, it was really beginning to rain, everyone had returned to the manor, but Miss Erstwhile was missing. So I seized my opportunity and galloped off to find her. She was alone in the woods, getting soaked, but I suppose I might have let myself believe that she was a little more vulnerable and afraid than she really was. I helped her up onto my horse and then some real thunder sounded. It seemed important at the time, though not so much in hindsight, that we get back to the manor in great haste. Oh, God, Carrie… I ripped her dress! I don't know what came over me! She was sitting side-saddle, we totally could have managed, I don't know… a Colonel Brandon moment perhaps? Anyway, I seized the hem of her gown and I rent it dramatically (and impressively, even if I do say so myself) in two with my bare hands. Lucky! Imagine if I hadn't been able to tear it! Anyway, the rip ended up being a bit extreme. I wonder what Darcy would have done if he'd sighted Elizabeth's bloomers!? Oh, Carina, galloping along with this beautiful woman in my arms, while still under my gallant delusion that I'd saved her life, may actually have been the best ten minutes of my life to date. Though, when the rain suddenly stopped and we cantered into the front garden it dawned on me that I had perhaps been a bit rash. In my embarrassment I kind of shouted at Creepy Martin and then had to stand by and watch as my Miss Erstwhile outright denied that she had ever been a damsel in distress. It was all a bit crushing. Though I tell you what, if one of Austen's chaps got an eyeful of exposed shapely leg the way I did this afternoon they would have keeled over. Oh, bairns, Oh beef-cake, how I miss you all and, oh, how I miss the simple life. Henry.[Chapter 13] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Colonel Brandon Forever Date: 21 June 2013 04:38:49 PM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk About bloody time! I WAS dying of suspense! But now I'm kind of dying of vicarious humiliation. Sounds like you overstepped, my dear. Is she still speaking to you?[Chapter 14] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Colonel Brandon Forever Date: 21 June 2013 10:47:34 PM BST To: cnobley Hard to tell, we didn't exchange words tonight. She just sat and sketched and then after a while, excused herself and I didn't see her again. Think I'm off to bed to nurse my wounded pride. Love you, Carrie, and your high hopes for me but I think I'm failing at Find a Wife Camp… Night, Henry.[Chapter 15] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Re:Colonel Brandon Forever Date: 22 June 2013 06:38:22 AM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Oh, my darling brother. I don't think I've heard you sounding that downcast in a while! She might have secretly loved it? Let me know how things go this morning. I'll rush back to check as soon as I've picked up some milk. Typical summer holidays in Cambridge – we don't even manage enough of a routine to get milk into the house and you're not around the corner to bludge off![Chapter 16] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Re:Re:Colonel Brandon Forever Date: 22 June 2013 09:54:06 AM BST To: cnobley Carrie, I doubt today could get any worse. Captain East arrived this morning during breakfast with muscles on his muscles and a highly dubious Caribbean accent. Despite the ridiculous spectacle, all the women were blushing and giggling over him. What an absolute wally, though, he isn't even the source of my problems. After that I'd been sitting on the patio looking over the pond, trying to read for my classes, but all I could think about was where Jane had been the previous evening and since breakfast. Then she appeared from behind some bushes with effing Creepy Martin. And I had to watch as he got to kiss her and she practically skipped across the lawn. I could kill that scruffy little Kiwi. Oh, the humiliation of being passed over for the guy who carries the fake birds around… And then, over afternoon tea, this ridiculous pirate just would NOT stop kissing her hand and so I did took the only rational option and knocked his feet out from under him. Oh, Carrie. What have I become? Yours, in agony, Henry[Chapter 17] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:Colonel Brandon Forever Date: 22 June 2013 03:04:37 PM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk My dear brother. Let me remind you that you are Dr Henry Nobley, tenured Professor of History at The University of Cambridge. You hold two PhDs. You have represented England in fencing. You are the author of four highly-regarded and extremely lucrative books on England's Regency Era. You are intelligent, handsome, witty and, once one's gotten past your prickles, an absolute teddy bear. If this woman has eyes and a brain, and I believe I've heard you express a preference for women with both, she will find her way past the gardener and the pirate to you.[Chapter 18] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:Colonel Brandon Forever Date: 22 June 2013 03:16:44 PM BST To: cnobley Every man needs a sister like you.[Chapter 19] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:Colonel Brandon Forever Date: 22 June 2013 03:22:52 PM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Austen would agree.[Chapter 20] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: GET ME OUT OF HERE! Date: 22 June 2013 10:03:24 PM BST To: cnobley FIRST, I had to sit and listen to LFH caterwaul her way through the Regancy Reelbook. Everyone's teeth were on edge. THEN, Miss Erstwhile was prevailed upon to play by Colonel Andrews. Who could blame her after all we'd been through that evening at the hands of LFH. She sat at the piano and pretty expertly played that Nelly song from 2002, you know, \"it's getting hot in here, so take off all your clothes. I am getting so hot, I'm gonna take my clothes off.\" Ok, obviously not Regency appropriate. But HILARIOUS. Mad Aggie rushed to the piano and slammed down the lid, Jane was lucky to get away with fingers attached. She announced she would retire early and swept herself beautifully out of the room. And then Miss Charming, who up until now I have loathed, pronounced her performance \"Frigging Awesome\" and, in the quiet of my own mind, I shouted \"Amen!\" FLH immediately began making her way back to the piano and I had to flee. I made my excuses and set off in search of my Miss Erstwhile. It didn't take me too long to find her and things started fairly well – she has some great banter and you, of all people, know how highly I value good banter. But then, of course, it all went wrong. I kind of tried to warn her off Martin and accidentally used the word \"cavort\" and from there things went seriously downhill. I'm not sure if I'll get another chance, Carrie. I'm pretty sure I heard her call me insufferable… So, over to you. Can you airlift me out or something? Anything?[Chapter 21] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Martin Chuzzlewit on assault charges Date: 23 June 2013 12:14:48 AM BST To: cnobley My choice of subject makes it sound light-hearted but, Carrie, I am a ball of adrenaline. I had wandered around the house for an hour or so after my earlier spat with Miss Erstwhile and suddenly I heard a scuffle from the end of a nearby hallway. I bolted back towards where I thought the noise was coming from to hear Aunt A's \"husband\" attacking my Jane. By the time I got close enough to see them, I don't know what she'd done but he was on the floor writhing and she was looking pretty shaken. Thankfully, Andrews turned up and manhandled the culprit off to bed. Jane refused all my offers of help and wouldn't even let me escort her to her room. I suppose by that point in the evening all of us blokes had managed to unnerve her so much she was sick to death of the sight of all of us. She seemed to recover much quicker than I did, I have to say. I'm still worked up about it and she was just talking about heading off to bed. Austenland, it seems, is brutal, and not just in affairs of the heart. Anyway, after being called \"insufferable\" by the object of my affection not all that long ago, I think I'll plan a reading day tomorrrow and try to keep out of everyone's way as much as Mad Aggie will let me.[Chapter 22] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: A new day? Date: 23 June 2013 09:49:22 AM BST To: cnobley Something odd has transpired overnight. Last night I was attracted to Miss Erstwhile and growing fonder by the minute but this morning it was as if a new and shinier version of her arrived in the drawing room and utterly ruined my whist game. You know me, I'm a bit stupid about all this stuff but somehow her hair was different, her dress, her manner. I thought I was in trouble before, but now I think I'm pretty well stuffed. So much for the reading day…[Chapter 23] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:A new day? Date: 23 June 2013 10:21:34 AM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk You're just emailing me so you don't look like Catherine Morland writing in her journal, aren't you? Typing furiously away at your laptop allows for the possibility of tax returns or essays or newsletters or annual reports but we both know you'd rather be writing \"Jane\" in little love hearts all over a double spread of your notebook.[Chapter 24] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Re:A new day? Date: 23 June 2013 10:21:34 AM BST To: cnobley You got me.[Chapter 25] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Re:A new day? Date: 23 June 2013 12:52:11 PM BST To: cnobley Carrie, what a drama! Only a few minutes to write before luncheon but my Miss Erstwhile nearly got sent home this morning! As an aside I believe she hates my guts which is a terrible shame, but anyway, it seems she smuggled in a cell phone and Mad Aggie found it and was just about to send her home in the most humiliating fashion. I felt desperate watching this unfold – I couldn't just watch her be marched off – and suddenly I realised Lady Hartwright was standing right beside me. I thought it was worth a shot so I asked her very politely if she could pretend that the phone was hers. I knew The Formidable Agatha would turn to jelly at the thought of having to humiliate and send home her most reliable annually attending cash cow and I was right. The incident absolutely dissolved and Jane was left believing herself to be indebted to Lady Hartwright. Oh, the sigh of relief I sighed! As for the hating my guts part – I may have had a little tanty and raved a bit about women in general according to views I held most strongly around the time that Genevieve ran off with Toby. I admit it wasn't my finest hour and I have probably ruined all my chances with her. I have nothing to say in my defence except that I got a bit jealous because she and Andrews were giggling together and having fun and I couldn't work out a more sophisticated way to join in their conversation. I shouldn't really be allowed to talk to people.[Chapter 26] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Re:Re:A new day? Date: 23 June 2013 01:14:43 PM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Oh, Henry. Of course you can talk to people. But if you've managed a good first impression, perhaps you should leave it at that. ;) You know the beef-cake, the bairns and I love you to bits.[Chapter 27] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:A new day? Date: 23 June 2013 06:27:23 PM BST To: cnobley It was the worst of afternoons, it was the best of afternoons! Oh, Carrie! Mad Aggie wrote a play! And it is quite possibly the most outrageous piece of shite that has ever been transcribed but who cares!? Despite my initial vigorous objections, this bloody play afforded me a wonderful couple of hours alone with my beloved! And I know I'm overdoing the exclamation marks but what in this world is worthy of exclamation if not what I'm about to tell you!? Oooh, hang on. Got to go. Will write more as soon as I get a chance.[Chapter 28] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Re:ReRe:Re:A new day? Date: 23 June 2013 06:36:21 PM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Henry!? You cannot leave me in suspense like this![Chapter 29] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: HENRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY! Date: 23 June 2013 06:48:49 PM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk[Chapter 30] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:HENRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY! Date: 23 June 2013 06:56:18 PM BST To: cnobley So sorry, Carrie. I'm sure that was the most unbearable half hour of your life! (Get a grip!) SO, I'll spare you the horrific details but Mad Aggie's dog of a play is about three sets of lovers. It was proposed that the ladies would choose their partners and Jane got to go second so she COULD have picked Captain Protein Bar but she picked meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! It was awkward and amazing and it turns out that her sketch book is full of drawings of me! Me! She said she was trying to figure me out AND THEN she said something about how I was the resident Mr Darcy and I was every girl's fantasy! ME! And so I said, and I hope it was more dashing than dorky, \"So, I'm your fantasy?\" and SHE said, \"You play your character very well.\" EXCEPT I'M NOT PLAYING A CHARACTER! So, do you think that means that little old me could really be her idea of the perfect man? Or am I reading too much into it. Oh heck. ANYway, after we did some relatively excruciating rehearsal for what will no doubt be my least favourite evening ever, we were walking back to the house and what do we see but LFH and Captain Protein Bar effectively having intercourse on the terrace. Gruesome! My beloved Jane pointed them out and asked if I thought there might be more going on than acting. Seeing as I wouldn't have been the least bit surprised to hear that a child had been conceived during the encounter I ventured an opinion that this was a dangerous kind of a game to play. And then she asked me something along the lines of whether I thought it possible that their feelings for one another might actually be running deeper than just play acting. And I saw my moment! I said, but probably too quietly, \"If you'd have asked me a week ago, I'd have said no,\" but she either didn't hear, or chose not to hear, my confession. It is just possible that she was lost in thought and genuinely didn't hear me. And I was really just about to confess all but she looked right at me when I said her name and I chickened out. I pretended that I'd just noticed she was cold and gave her my jacket. If only being gallant and being transparent amounted to the same thing. But there you go, Carrie, I'm in love. In love enough to have something to declare and to be too cowardly to declare it. And now I march on towards the horror of a play…[Chapter 31] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Re:HENRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY! Date: 23 June 2013 07:13:22 PM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk There you go, Henry, You've found a wife. Now make her yours! Lulu will recover. And break a leg![Chapter 32] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Floating on a cloud! Date: 24 June 2013 01:06:44 AM BST To: cnobley Dearest Carrie, Play shocking but surprisingly delightful fun. Gazed into eyes of dream girl playing my beloved, delivered my \"I love you\" lines with absolute sincerity. She was charming and beautiful and we giggled our way through the awfulness of it all and it was a dream. AND THEN, when it was over, she found me in the dressing room, and inexplicably grabbed my hand and we ran together all throughout that sprawling mansion of Aunt A's and I have never seen it look lovelier. I caught my breath enough to ask why we were running and she laughed this delightful laugh and said, \"Because man and woman should never be alone unless they are in motion.\" God, she's wonderful. And then she pulled me INTO HER BEDROOM and shut the door behind us! And I don't think she really intended anything untoward, though I look forward to some time alone with my imagination to revisit the possibilities. But I got all shy and realised we were still holding hands and I sort of dropped her hand a bit awkwardly and made a very unsatisfying exit. So I stood lurking outside her room for a moment and then was struck with brilliance thanks to me old mate Henry Tilney! I rejoined with \"Miss Erstwhile, tomorrow evening, can I reserve the first two dances with you?\" Wouldn't Mad Aggie have flipped her lid to have heard me throwing myself into it like that? Anyway, she sweetly agreed and I was buoyed with confidence so I asked if she would let me back in for a moment. The door swung open and I stepped right up to her as if to kiss her but instead I just gazed into her eyes a moment and said, \"When I look at you, I feel certain of something.\" Then I kissed the palm of her hand, a bit passionately it must be said, and then made my exit. On reflection, that was a bit of a cryptic line, huh? What I really should have said was, \"I'm not really one of these actors who does this week after week, I'm just here for the first time ever, filling in for a week, but I love this whole Austen lark and, as it turns out, I love you too. Run away with me!\" That might have made my intentions a bit clearer. Anyway, full disclosure will have to wait until tomorrow night at the ball. Cross all your fingers and toes for me. The night I was most dreading about this ridiculous scam has become an evening I am most eagerly anticipating![Chapter 33] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Floating on a cloud! Date: 24 June 2013 08:56:48 AM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Oh, Henry! I'm so proud of you! The beef-cake, the bairns and I will have EVERYTHING crossed for tonight! I want an immediate update as soon as you get a chance. It all sounds very promising! And, let's be clear, you have gone on camp and found a wife. There are no two ways about it.[Chapter 34] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Re:Floating on a cloud! Date: 24 June 2013 11:32:09 AM BST To: cnobley I love the confidence you all have in me but let's keep things in perspective, there are many more than two ways about it. And I confess, I've found a woman that in my wildest dreams, one day will perhaps agree to be my wife, but we have a few more hurdles to clear before we can definitively declare this to be the camp on which I found a wife. It seems the ladies are in full primp mode all day today so if I can calm my nerves I'm hoping to get just a speck of teaching prep done or maybe some more book research. I'm not required on deck til 6pm. Any advice you want to give me for tonight?[Chapter 35] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Re:Re:Floating on a cloud! Date: 24 June 2013 11:47:24 AM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Oh Henry, just be yourself. She will love you.[Chapter 36] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:Floating on a cloud! Date: 24 June 2013 11:51:57 AM BST To: cnobley You're sweet, Carrie. Sweet, but often completely wrong. Kiss the beef-cake and the bairns farewell for me. Tonight I'm at risk of death by humiliation, death by broken heart or death by the utter ecstasy of being requited by this magnificent creature.[Chapter 37] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:Floating on a cloud! Date: 24 June 2013 11:55:14 AM BST To: cnobley Carrie, Just struck cold by awful thought. I know I'm not acting, but this cosplay world is a murky one. Can I be sure that she's not acting?[Chapter 38] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:Floating on a cloud! Date: 24 June 2013 11:57:46 AM BST To: cnobley S'alright. Just remembered how lovably dreadful she was in the play. She can't act to save herself. Phew! By the way, my publishers are going to kill me. I AM drawing little hearts all over my notebook. Tell the beef-cake and you're dead.[Chapter 39] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:ReFloating on a cloud! Date: 24 June 2013 12:19:32 AM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Let me tell you a secret about the beef-cake. He always has to wipe away a tear at the end of rom-coms. He puts up a fuss about wanting to watch Steven Segal but secretly he's already been to the video store to hire Love, Actually . (Or Grease 2 ! But if you breathe a word, he'll kill me !) Best of luck for tonight![Chapter 40] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: sunk Date: 25 June 2013 03:14:05 AM BST To: cnobley Oh, Carrie. I'd better tell you the blissful beginning before I get to the tragic end. She was SO beautiful tonight. I was a little bit unnerved when I found her at the beginning of the ball. She was chatting to Creepy Martin. I'd actually forgotten all about him but as soon as I saw them together it all came flooding back to me – I'd seen him kiss her! But I guess that as she'd seemed to warm up to me, any thought of him had faded into the distance. Anyway, there he was again. However, when I approached her with an as-debonair-as-I-could-muster \"Shall we?\" she dropped him and took my arm in a second. I made the most of my opportunity to give him a bit of a half triumphant half-menacing death-stare as we walked away but then I forgot everything else but Jane. She was sparkling ! We danced and it was not at all as awful as I imagined, because I was dancing with her! But the cracks were starting to show. She was distracted and looking over her shoulder. Looking for him , I now realise. Anyway, she asked me if I were having fun and I was , Carrie! At that moment I could have cheerfully kissed even The Formidable Agatha for providing me with the opportunity to be dancing in that ballroom with Jane. I told her I was taking an inordinate amount of pleasure from the evening but none of it because of the ball. She said, in her incredibly American accent, \"I think you just paid me a compliment,\" and I just had to say it all. I could see Mad Aggie supervising me from across the room, maybe she'd twigged to the fact that I was playing suitor to the wrong girl. So, I tried to move us somewhere we could talk without Aunt A watching me like a school prefect ready to pounce. Carrie, it was horrific. We turned one way and there was poor old Andrews delivering his proposal and then trying to avoid being inhaled by Miss Charming (Did I tell you that was her alias? Talk about a misnomer!) and then we rounded a corner to be prime witnesses to Captain Protein Bar's proposal to LFH. Disaster! I guess with all that ostentatious play-acting going on around us she was probably never going to believe that I was genuine. Anyway, I made a valiant effort, Carrie. I told her that I'd fallen in love with her and that I couldn't imagine leaving the manor without her. For the longest time, she just looked at me as if trying to read through me. I'd like to think that she was allowing for the possibility that I really meant what I said and wanted to believe it to be true? She said she hadn't realised how she would feel \"at this part\" – I can only guess she meant when the inevitable proposal that was part of the package she'd signed up for happened, and I realise now what I should have done at that moment and here's where I give you the version I've been pacing the halls WISHING was reality: \"Jane, can you allow me ten more minutes to talk to you about myself, to prove to you who I am outside of this ridiculous façade, to convince you that when I talk about being in love with you, I'm not talking as a character in a fictional world, I'm talking as a real, true to life man who exists out there in 2013 and I'm addressing you as a real woman who also exists out there in the real world and almost certainly wears less corsets in her day-to-day life.\" But I didn't say any of that, Carrie. And I just half-watched myself stand there like a dolt as she said, \"You were right, this is a dangerous kind of game. I don't think I want to play anymore.\" All I could manage was to ask her, \"What do you want?\" And, inevitably, she replied, \"I want something real.\" Then she was gone. If only I had my wits about me! I could have saved it there too, Carrie! I could have grabbed her hand, said \"Stay one more moment!\" Heck, I could have fished my phone out of my breeches and Googled myself! Anything! Anything, to hold on to her. When it finally occurred to me to run out after her, all I saw was the glint of the crystals on the back of her gown as she drove off into the darkness with Creepy Martin. I'm in such a ditch, Carrie. So far, in the eight or so hours since I last saw her, I've mentally trodden this cyclical path. She chose Creepy Martin over me. I'm a total failure of a man. and then I progress hopefully to: She thought I was just an actor. But I WASN'T acting! and then I remember: She told me she thought I played my character very well – that I was her fantasy! Maybe that \"dangerous game to play\" line meant that she really was falling for me but then she just remembered that I wasn't meant to be real! but then I remember seeing her in Creepy Martin's arms: What could she see in that guy? He's such a wally! and then I sink back into: He's a total wally but she found him more appealing than me. I must be the biggest dork on the planet. and round I go again and again and again. Help. Where do you think it's logical to dwell?[Chapter 41] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:sunk Date: 25 June 2013 08:22:29 AM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Oh, my darling Henry. I am so sorry. I don't know where to advise you to dwell but I know for certain that she would never pass you over for some dodgy alternative unless she believed that you were genuinely too good to be true.[Chapter 42] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Re:sunk Date: 25 June 2013 09:03:11 AM BST To: cnobley CARRIE! CREEPY MARTIN WAS ASSIGNED TO HER! HE'S THE ACTOR! ON WAY TO AIRPORT NOW![Chapter 43] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Re:Re:sunk Date: 25 June 2013 09:46:56 AM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Oh my goodness! Call me! I want to know everything![Chapter 44] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Thanks. Date: 25 June 2013 04:43:21 PM BST To: cnobley Dearest Carrie, I am deeply indebted to you for listening to me babble through that whole sorry tale earlier. It was just so nice to hear your voices after a such a ridiculous week. I came back to the manor and went to have a little sit (and maybe a little cry) in the spot where we rehearsed the play together. I know I'm usually pretty mean to you when you say things like this but I found her sketch book still sitting on the bench where she left it - I think it's a sign. However, as you so wisely said, it's quite a committed step to have been humiliated twice by the same woman in your own country and then fly all the way across to the US for a third stab at it, even if you are clutching her lost scribble pad. But I told you what she said. And it is ringing in my ears. \"It doesn't even matter that you weren't real. You were perfect. Thank you.\" And, as I think we rightly concluded, because of Stupid Creepy Martin she just couldn't believe that I wasn't acting. It's like the ball all over again! She said I was perfect! So, Carrie. Put yourself in her place. It's a little far-fetched, I grant you: You are the surely the loveliest creature the entire American continent has to offer. You've paid some heinous amount of money and signed up for a lavish Jane Austen themed cosplay camp where you are guaranteed that, by the end, some actor who has been pretending to fall in love with you will ultimately propose. Obviously, you understand that it won't be a real proposal because right from the outset you understand that they're actors. Yet you go ahead with it – for what, Carrie!? I mean what the hell would any self-respecting person be doing at Austenland!? Is America utterly bereft of decent men? Well, I suppose it probably is… I digress. One of the dashing English \"actors\" is paying you more attention than the others. Your first encounter with him was not at all positive. You attempted polite small talk, he was all nervous (though you weren't to know that) and probably came across as a bit of a pompous arse. You shot him down with an extraordinary one-liner and probably hoped that would be the end of that. There was that awkward encounter with the horse. How did you feel about that, honestly? (Oh, Carrie, if only you could provide me with the answers…) And then there was that moment where you were enraged by his implication that you were \"sullying yourself with the help\" (her words not mine. My downfall was my choice of the word \"cavort\" – should have anticipated that it might not go down well.) Though he is irresistibly handsome, you think he finds you irritating. He confesses that, in truth, you make him nervous. You draw a LOT of pictures of him. He finds them and asks about them. You hint, when the opportunity arises, that he may be your fantasy. He seems to feel quite chuffed but plays it cool in that incredibly suave way of his. Sure, you kissed one of the dodgy servants a few times, but it was only because he lured you into a relationship by pretending he was the sole person at Austenland not in on the joke. This somehow prevents you from seeing that the irresistible man of your dreams is the only one not deceiving you. You willingly receive the further attention of this remarkably handsome and erudite fellow because he forcibly reminds you of that swoon-inducing literary heart-throb, Mr Fitzwilliam Darcy. At one point, you even refer to him as \"the resident Mr Darcy\", this is at the aforementioned point when you allow for the possibility that this Mr Darcy look-and-act-alike might be your dream-guy. You act alongside (let's just refer to me as \"Fantasy Man\" or FM for short from here on in, shall we?) FM in a play. You are both dismal but are brought together in a kind of pleasant camaraderie by your mutual humiliation and total inability to stop giggling. Afterwards, you are moved to run off with FM, taking him by the hand and leading him straight into your bedroom. What is going on in your head at this moment, Miss Erstwhile? (Really! I would like to know!) Your FM is at first nervous and awkward but then improves out of sight, attaining even to the heights of romantic and dashing (Maybe!? One can hope!?). As he leaves, after securing your hand for the first two dances at the ball and earnestly kissing your palm, he whispers relatively nonsensical and certainly not particularly revealing sweet nothings. You lean back against the door with a sigh, bosom heaving, conscious only of the burning spot on your hand where his lips touched your flesh. At last, you have found The One! But as you hear his manly footsteps retreating down the corridor, you pause. This is mere play acting! You yourself are incapable of pretense but FM must do this professionally! How else could a man wear those breeches so well? How else could he pull off such a dashing forest/storm horseback rescue? How else could he be such a dab hand at whist? How else, in short, could a man so exactly fit your ideal of the perfect life partner? You square your beautiful shoulders into a resolve. You will attend the ball and dance and smile, but you will guard your already too-far-gone heart. If the opportunity arises, you will settle for a meaningless fling with the scruffy Kiwi (at least it'll be \"real\" even if it will be stomach-turningly revolting) before returning home to a land with a total dearth of gentlemen and throw yourself into your career, probably becoming the first female president before the decade is out. However, though you are an utterly capable, wonderful, self-sufficient, woman of poise and resolve (your week at Austenland notwithstanding), you will always, in the back of your mind, hold on to the impossible dream of one day being reunited with your FM. You will lie alone in bed at night reliving the brief moments you danced in his arms. And you will find yourself forever haunted by the possibility that when he said, \"I never lied to you\", he was actually speaking the truth. Carrie. I have to go to New York.[Chapter 45] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Thanks. Date: 25 June 2013 04:59:10 PM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Henry, I think you're right. Even if she ultimately says no, you have to know. What can I do? Want me to find you a flight and a hotel?[Chapter 46] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Re:Thanks. Date: 25 June 2013 05:03:44 PM BST To: cnobley at elenamail. com Yes, please! I'm running up now to pack and will get back to Heathrow as soon as I can. Just e-mail me my check-in details and book me into whatever hotel you can find. Her address is here in the back of her sketch book. Try and find me somewhere close? If things seem to be going well and my stay looks a bit lengthier, I can always crash with Davey and Ginger. If all else fails, it'll be lovely to drown my sorrows in such good company. Jane Hayes Apt 38 251 W. 53rd St, New York, NY 10025 E-mailed Davey to let him know I'll be dropping by. They're thrilled - so nice to know that there're at least a couple of people eagerly anticipating my arrival. Turns out Ginger's expecting! Can't wait to see them and see how the pub looks now. Anyway, just let me know what you spend so I can transfer the money to you as soon as I land. And, of course, I'll bring you all back lavish gifts from New York. I'm already imagining wandering the shops, hand-in-hand with Jane! If she sends me away I'll either come home with a packet of chewing gum for each of you or my retail therapy will have me refinancing the house. Oh, and Carrie? Put me up in a really nice hotel, ok? If it goes horribly wrong I want to console myself in style. I will especially require an enormous bathtub.[Chapter 47] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Re:Re:Thanks. Date: 25 June 2013 06:21:36 PM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Ok, I couldn't get you a flight to JFK tonight but I booked you on to the earliest flight tomorrow morning. I got you a room at The Hilton at Heathrow for the night. You're being sent an SMS boarding pass so let me know if it hasn't shown up on your phone yet. Your flight leaves Heathrow at 0615 and you'll arrive at JFK at 0920 local time. That sounds quick but there's a five hour time difference so you'll have a good opportunity to get some reading done on the plane! (As if! We both know you'll just day-dream the whole trip away…) I've booked you a room at The London, just because it looked lovely and the name sounded friendly. I think it looks pretty close to Jane's apartment but cab drivers know their way around. I'm so delighted for Ginger! Davey must be beside himself. I think he's been the cluckiest of all the boys you used to knock around with. Remember when Arlo was just a newborn and Davey came round that afternoon and gazed at him for about four consecutive hours? Jeepers, I don't envy them raising a baby in New York City! Alright, my love, the beef-cake and I have date night tonight, otherwise I'd say call me from the hotel. If you're desperate for a chat, I'm sure Chelsea, our sixteen-year-old babysitter will oblige. She's told me she's into older guys. I told her that's her business as long as she never, ever, ever brings one of them into our house. Actually, go on and ring. I want to make sure that she's keeping her word. But, Henry, if you're just lying there fretting, do e-mail me. I'll write back as soon as we get home from whatever fancy restaurant we're headed out to![Chapter 48] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:Thanks. Date: 25 June 2013 06:54:12 PM BST To: cnobley at elenamail. com I do not deserve a sister as wonderful and as efficient as you. I'll keep Chelsea in mind but I'll probably be ok. I have my beloved's sketchbook to leaf through (not that she's drawn any pictures of her lovely self) and impending romantic humiliation to anticipate so I'm sure I'll be kept busy. Enjoy your night away from the bairns! If you find an e-mail later you'll know I've harnessed my nervous energy to chew through the bedpost. It's not entirely unlikely. Ok! Cab's here![Chapter 49] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:Thanks. Date: 25 June 2013 11:54:22 PM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk No e-mail! I'm so proud of you! You're holding yourself together so well![Chapter 50] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:Thanks. Date: 26 June 2013 00:14:53 AM BST To: cnobley at elenamail. com Ha! Doing so well!? I've been climbing the walls! I've already swum fifty laps of the hotel pool, channel surfed for an hour and a half and drunk my way through a decent portion of the mini-bar. Carrie! What am I doing!? Why on earth am I at Heathrow? Can I get any of this money back!? Oh, hell. Bollocks, bollocks, bollocks.[Chapter 51] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:Thanks. Date: 26 June 2013 03:36:24 AM BST To: cnobley at elenamail. com What am I going to do if she actually wants me? Where will we live? Do you think she'll come and live in my house in Cambridge? Hard to walk away from my job if she won't. And you! And the beef-cake! And the bairns! And the chooks, come to think of it. But, Sister-of-Mine, you know what? Given half the chance, I'm going to stick at this, even if she demands that we live in New York. I could make the most of it! I think I got a job offer from Colombia a few years ago. I wonder if they'd still want me? And then what if she does agree to come and live in Cambridge!? Can you imagine how wonderful that would be!? Will you be her best friend, Carrie? She won't know anyone! I think you'll love her. I know she'll love you because everybody loves you! Do you know, I don't even know what she does for work! But then, she doesn't know what I do for work, either. Do you think that's a bad sign? I hope she's a librarian. No, she'd probably have to be some kind of artist… Yes, it is just possible that I have downed one-too-many of those little tiny bottles, ooh, but look, at least there are crisps! Oh dear, I just woke up in a pile of crisp crumbs and found this e-mail still unsent! I love you, Carrie. Love to your divine family. Your drunken lovelorn sod of a brother, Henry.[Chapter 52] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Sister of the Millennium Date: 26 June 2013 07:16:48 AM BST To: cnobley at elenamail. com Oooooh, free wi-fi on the plane! I still cannot believe that you came to see me off with a spray-bottle of Rescue Remedy and a keep-cup full of Berocca. Never has a sister done so much to enable her brother on such an extravagant and expensive fool's errand! Oh well, I haven't really taken holidays in a while. Those books of mine have put a little bit of money in the bank. Might as well blow some cash on the chance of finding true love! I will be in touch the minute I have anything of interest to report. Love, love, love, Henry.[Chapter 53] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Sister of the Millennium Date: 26 June 2013 10:41:12 PM EDT To: cnobley at elenamail. com Carrie, I was just about to call but luckily checked the time difference and saw that it's not even 4am in Cambridge! However, I have a belly full of food, a delightful buzz from the excellent bottle of champagne I just sampled AND, YES! I HAVE THE LOVE OF AN EXTRAORDINARY WOMAN! So, I'm feeling… expansive, to say the least. Bear with me as I recount the events of the last how-ever-many-hours in romance pulp fiction from the third-person limited perspective: Henry Nobley, our affable British protagonist, sat suspended in an aluminium tube 37,000 feet above the Atlantic Ocean and mused on the course of his life to date. Blessed with the best of all the world's little sisters, Henry had been given a better start than most, and yet he had never been particularly lucky in relationships with women. After one particularly doomed dalliance took a greater toll than previous attempts, Henry committed himself to the world of academia rather than to a wife and concentrated on producing books rather than heirs. Though he didn't believe that it was impossible to be happy without a partner, his beloved sister had been so fortunate in her own marriage, that she proved a compelling advertisement for matrimony, should the right candidate ever be forthcoming. Henry's world was a cosy and predictable one and he was beginning to like it that way, until, that is, his beloved sister hatched a plot. He was to be surrendered for a week into the grip of their ever-so-slightly unhinged aunt, a widow of such outrageous personal fortune that she had purchased outright one of the enormous heritage homes of the English countryside and re-created, in incredible detail, an opulent Regency-era country manor the likes of Pemberley or Northanger Abbey. There she accommodated a troupe of bronzed male models and females of a non-threatening age who were appropriately dressed and deployed as domestic servants along with a handful of male actors all sharing the goal of making wealthy female Jane Austen devotees' dreams come true. Henry was ill-suited and ill-prepared for such a role and yet found himself with no remaining free will. He was trussed up in breeches, cravat and knee-high boots and pushed into a sitting room with nothing to hide behind but a flimsy old book. It was here that he was first introduced to the lovely creature that would pierce his comfortable old armour. A flurry of e-mails between Henry and his sister divulge the details of this early stage of their courtship but, alas, ultimately, the two lovers were parted. Jane, believing she had narrowly avoided falling for the wiles of two separate professional wooers of women, returned to her home in New York City. She felt finally free of her crippling obsession with fictional men but was also conscious that she must re-enter her existence with a more cynical shell – those men in the stories, to whom no real man had ever measured up, simply did not exist. Perhaps there would never be anyone in her life who could be trusted with her heart. Henry was left in a state. He believed that he had genuinely stirred something in Jane but that she was denying it to herself for her own protection. He understood her predicament. Could there be anything more pathetic than fully giving one's heart to a man one believed to be merely pretending despite his protestations of honesty? He had tried twice to break down what Jane believed to be the fourth wall between them, to no avail. Could travelling three and a half thousand miles and appearing at her door do the trick? It was a choice between exposing himself to deep humiliation or living a life tinged by the dissatisfaction of having tasted bliss and then had it snatched away. Thanks to his wonderful sister, flights were arranged, accommodation was booked and here he was winging his way into the terrifying unknown. He remembered what it was that made this woman so worth chasing, beyond her beauty, her sense of fun, her wit, her talent, her kindness. She had made him feel certain of something. He felt that certainty seeping into him, pushing his shoulders back, straightening his spine, strengthening his resolve. The plane hit the tarmac and Henry swung into action. Sparingly only the time required to skull a cardboard cup of deeply unsatisfactory American airport tea, he ticked off task after task until, showered and shaved and clad in what he hoped was his least British Professor type outfit from his very British Professor type wardrobe, he stood gripping Jane's sketchbook tightly and staring up at the enormous New York apartment block that the address scrawled across the inside cover suggested was her home. The elevator delivered him to the correct floor and left him there to negotiate the labyrinthine corridors alone. When he finally found it, the door that seemed to be hers was ajar, and he could hear the unmistakable sound of a kettle whistling towards full boil. He knocked tentatively. \" That was quick! Come on in,\" he heard her say, clearly not expecting him . He wandered in anyway and paused, momentarily contemplating a nearly headless cardboard cut-out of Colin Firth as Mr Darcy standing just inside the doorway. It seemed important that Henry stick his countryman's head back in place and, while concentrating on that task, he absent-mindedly responded with, \"Love a cup, thank you,\" to Jane's offer of tea even though he knew it wasn't intended for him. Jane wheeled around in shock at the sound of his voice. \"What are you doing here?!\" Henry tightened his grip on the sketchbook, \"Well…\" he said, holding it out with both hands, \"you left this.\" \" Thanks.\" She looked at him, baffled. \"You could have mailed it.\" The coldest of figurative buckets of cold water sloshed over Henry from on high. He'd travelled all this way and she didn't want him. Not even a bit. Not even at all. \" I… I could have.\" He shook his head as if to clear the freezing droplets out of his ears. \"You're right. What was I thinking?\" And he turned tail and walked straight out of the apartment already yearning for the haven and warmth of Davey and Ginger's English pub and a place to hide his head and weep. \" Wait a minute!\" she suddenly called. \"Hey!\" Jane appeared in the corridor. Henry could barely even bring himself to look at her. He paused, but more like a sullen school boy than a man – hands in pockets, pouting. \" You know, I'm not gonna report your aunt. So it was a little overkill to send you all the way here,\" she said. Henry sighed. Could he ever make her believe the truth? \"She didn't send me.\" Jane looked unconvinced. \"Mr. Nobley, or whoever you actually are…\" She paused. Henry saw a glimmer of hope. Perhaps Davey and Ginger's could wait. \"My name is Henry. It's Henry Nobley. I'm a history professor.\" She looked slightly chastised. \"Oh. That's really nice.\" Henry took a deep breath and charged on. \"I used to think my aunt's profession was somewhat grotesque, but the truth is that I enjoyed stepping into history. The idea of a simpler world where love is straightforward and lasting. I believe we have that in common. But all of this is secondary to the fact that I am completely mad about you.\" Jane looked extremely unconvinced. \"All right. Well you may have been mad about Miss Erstwhile, but... You don't even know me. I...\" She gestured towards her apartment and all the secrets contained within. Henry's spirits buoyed. Finally , they were having the right conversation. \"You are Miss Erstwhile. I saw you in the theatrical. You were horrifying.\" \" Wait a minute,\" Jane interrupted, taking exception to this slander. \" You were horrifying. I was...,\" she shrugged. \"I wasn't great.\" Henry grinned, \"My point exactly. Neither one of us are capable of pretending.\" He could see her trying to make sense of where exactly it was that she was standing. She thought she had just hammered the final nails into Fictional Romantic Hero's coffin. \"Nobley, I just don't think this is a...\" But Henry could see he was making real progress. He was at least going to finish arguing his case. \"The night of the ball, you said you wanted something real.\" He held out his upturned palms. \"I'd like to believe that I am real.\" He took a step towards her. \"Is it possible that someone like me can make you happy? Will you let me try?\" He leaned meaningfully towards her and noticed her close her eyes in anticipation. \" No,\" she suddenly broke away. \"See, people don't do this. I mean, this is my fantasy. This isn't...\" Henry's brain was working quickly now. He heard her confess that she had just found herself living her fantasy and he was so close to realising his own. He took her again into his arms and gently brushed a lock of hair away from her forehead. \"Have you stopped to consider that you might have this all backward?\" She looked up at him skeptically to find him grinning boyishly. \"Jane... You are my fantasy.\" With that, she melted into his arms and turned her face up to him. Henry kissed her tenderly. She drew back a moment, smiling beatifically. \"Tally-ho,\" she breathed. He grinned. \"Tally-ho!\" And again he found her lips with his and they were once more lost in one another. It had been some time since Henry Nobley last kissed a woman but never had his previous attempts felt even half as monumental as this kiss. He wrapped his arms around her and held her closely to him as if trying to absorb her into himself so that he'd never have to be without her again. What did you think, Carrie? Is there a future for me outside of the safe, green pastures of non-fiction? Can you picture me as a romance novelist? More to the point, I may have taken a bit of artistic license with the recount of events and dialogue but I hope you got the main gist - she loves me! SHE LOVES ME! Where did I find the time to pen such an epic, I hear you ask yourself. Well, at this precise moment, my beloved is, by the sounds of it, just clambering out of the enormous bathtub. Her apartment doesn't even have a bath! Can you imagine such an existence of deprivation? You excelled yourself on the accommodation front, by the way, you can practically do laps in that tub! We're about to head out to The Cock and Bull so I can show her off to Davey and Ginger. Anyway, sounds like she's ready so I'll have to sign off. More to say but I'll get to it later. I can just imagine your face when you wake up to read this. It's so nice that I can rely on your blind support in all my ludicrous schemes, Carrie. I don't deserve you. If only I could be bringing her straight round to yours! I honestly can't say how long I'll be staying here but even though I am in raptures of joy, I'm still conscious of an ache for you, Nate and the kids. Smack Nate on the bum, ruffle Arlo's hair and twirl Lulu around for me, will you? And you are feeding my chooks, right? Love, Henry.[Chapter 54] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Re:Sister of the Millennium Date: 26 June 2013 06:24:12 AM BST To: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk You got her! Of course you did! How could any woman refuse you?! Henry, let me say, that was the best bit of mail, e or otherwise, I have ever received! And as for you not deserving me , we both know that no other girl of our acquaintance has an older brother who has been nearly as loving, supportive or generous to her and her family as you've been to us. You're on the marriage certificate as the best man, the lease as the landlord (charging us a whole pound a week in rent!) and you are the most doting uncle/godfather any kid has ever had. And speaking of the kids, yes, they're lovingly feeding and tending to your old girls and bringing us back gazillions of eggs. It's 24/7 omelets and frittatas round here. Getting back to you, my dear, my only fear is that this girl I'm yet to meet might not deserve you ! But if she makes you happy, and she patently does, then have at it, good sir! We're all so delighted for you, Henry. And obviously the horseback thing didn't turn out to be too big an issue? Keep us updated, especially give us enough notice if we need to be hiring the brass band any time soon with which to meet you at the airport! Love, Carrie P.S. Nate was disappointed that you dropped \"the beef-cake\" – are you trying to hint that you think he's letting himself go?[Chapter 55] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Re:Re:Re:Sister of the Millennium Date: 26 June 2013 09:28:33 AM EDT To: cnobley at elenamail. com Can you believe people have to work in this city? Even people who are in love!? Jane and I just had breakfast at the most hilariously American café (diner even?). Quite the cultural experience. It seems that people here perceive cake, in its various shapes and forms, to be a perfectly nutritious start to the day and they wash it down with the most inexplicable beverage. It looks like an oil spill, tastes like wet handlebars and seems to be consistently but half-heartedly heated to ensure it is kept eternally-not-quite-hot-enough. While Jane is at work I shall embark on a quest for some decent tea leaves in this tea-forsaken town. Am leaving The London today to take up residence at Davey and Ginger's but I just popped back before checking out to have one more swim in the bath just in case hot water is at a premium down at the pub. Never fear, I made the wise decision to e-mail you from my phone rather than the laptop. Life is too good to get electrocuted just at the moment. Anyway, I didn't even get to tell you about Jane's friend bursting in on us in my last e-mail! Remember how Jane was expecting someone else when I walked in? Poor old Molly, she's Jane's oldest and closest friend, she's eight months pregnant and she got the shock of her life when she walked straight through the door of Jane's apartment to find her closest friend snogging some guy she had heard absolutely nothing about! She sort of flipped-out a little, but goodness me, I found it enjoyable hearing all the stories I'd told you from Jane's perspective while she worked like a Trojan to convince Molly that I wasn't some desperate cosplay loser. And funny you should mention the horseback rescue. I had to chuckle while Jane passionately recounted it in my favour. Here are the other delightfully fascinating things I learnt from sitting in on their post-Austenland de-brief: - It would seem that I have been gifted with above average hands. Something about these functional things at the end of my arms apparently makes the ladies swoon. If only I'd had this information earlier in life! Anyway, it's working out just fine for me now. - With American girls, English accents are the equivalent of a defined six-pack and, thanks be to God, seem to make up for a glaring lack thereof. Our Nate, bearing both, should exercise due caution when travelling in the Americas. (See? I was not for a second accusing him of any such thing. I suppose I just got out of the habit of \"the beefcake\" seeing as Davey might have looked at me askance if I referred to our mutual best mate as such in his presence). - The fact that I can ride a horse at all, let alone mount one unassisted, lift ladies on to and off one and play a game of polo on one seems, to all effects and purposes, to promote me into the same category as Prince William. - Mollie, intending to convey that she thought Jane was unhealthily obsessed with Austen, once bought for her birthday, as a novelty gift, a copy of one of my books! Jane dug out her copy of \"Jane Austen and Representations of Regency England\" from her bookshelf and I was able to sign it for her! I was gratified to see that she had not only read, dog-eared and tea-stained the pages but highlighted key sections of text and even dropped it in the bath! Imagine if I'd known that a copy of my book was enjoying such intimate encounters with my future beloved! Jane was beyond surprised. I still don't think she's managed to put me together with this nerdy Dr Henry Nobley guy. Of course, in her mind, I still hover closest to Mr Darcy. No complaints! - It seems I come across rather well in a Google search. When your beloved's best-friend believes you to be a potential psychopath, this is invaluable. - According to Molly, Jane has long \"been a sucker for a man in a sweater-vest\" – it would seem my fears about my British professor wardrobe were unfounded. The more patched elbows, the better. Unsurprisingly, dinner with Davey and Ginger was absolutely lovely. They were so welcoming of Jane and, as you can imagine, Davey did not hold back in taking her on a tour of all the embarrassing photos around the pub of our old polo teams, rowing meets, football games and fencing bouts - makes me look quite the sporting hero! Ginger took Jane upstairs to give her a tour of their flat above (and the third degree, no doubt!) and Davey and I had a chat while we pulled beers for the punters for a while. So good to see him. He sends his love to you and Nate and the kids. He seems equally freaked out about what it'll be like to have a baby in New York, especially while they're trying to run the pub. Lovely to see them planning their family together. I have to say, after them last night and Molly yesterday morning and all the time I spend with you guys, I suppose it won't surprise you to hear that I've realised I'm getting pretty clucky myself. Might have to see what steps can be made towards that sort of thing… Oh, Carrie, you would love Jane's apartment. It is full of the kind of stuff we both go nuts over in the antique shops at home. Apparently, Molly's been at her to modernise. I hope my influence will end up holding significantly more sway! As for your concerns, I don't know how to speak in terms of whether or not Jane deserves me - I'd be more inclined to worry about me not deserving her! But she is more appealing to me than Lizzie Bennett ever was, and you know how significant that is coming from me. She has this incredibly loveable quality, a genuine warmth to her that just radiates. She can be utterly hilarious, I told you about her magnificent banter, and she's just a kind soul. Spirited, beautiful, independent, thoughtful and, yes, obsessive about all my favourite things. Honestly, Carrie, the more time I spend with her, the deeper in love I fall. Now that Nate is vomiting into the pot plant behind you, do you think you might be able to agree that she's the one for me? Alright, I'd better get out of this bath, de-prune and pack before they charge me for another day. Love you, Carrie! Love, Henry[Chapter 56] From: jhayes at iunyc. com Subject: Umm, introductions!? Date: 26 June 2013 11:44:16 AM EDT To: cnobley at elenamail. com Dear Carina, I have heard SO much about you. You sound like the most saintly and wonderful person on the planet, which I have to admit is pretty intimidating. And I can only assume that Henry has made me out to be some goddess from on high so I thought I'd probably better get in touch and set the record straight! My name is Jane Hayes, I am from New York, I do have to admit a minor indiscretion in that I did pay to attend your aunt's \"madcap enterprise\" as Henry so affectionately refers to it, and, as a result, I am head-over-heels in love with your brother. Thank you for all you did to get him here to me! It sounds like you provided a lot more than logistical support! Carina, I feel like I need to explain myself a little because you must be pretty worried about who on earth it is that your brother has picked up at crazy-lady camp! I went to Austenland mostly with the hope of getting it out of my system. I don't think I ever really expected to come home in love, at least, not beyond the obsessive fan love I have for those fictional guys. It was actually a bit scary to find myself responding so viscerally to a guy who I thought was just playing a part. And you can only imagine how sick I felt when, after rejecting him to protect my poor heart, I realised that the \"real\" guy I'd settled for was the fake. I got home and found myself kind of melancholy. I wanted to embrace my fantastic life as a single girl but in lots of ways my encounter with Henry had made that ache of loneliness more palpable – he both allowed for the possibility that there might be a real man out there as incredible as him and yet also made it seem impossible – he could only be that incredible because he wasn't real. Does that even make sense? What a mess you must think I am! But Carina, I promise that I'm pretty sane and pretty normal most of the time! Anyway, I'm not sure if what I'm about to suggest will make you more convinced I'm a loser or whether it will give you hope! Either way, please don't breathe a word of it to Henry ! Here goes: So, I've been offered a great job in Cambridge. I know, I know, it's all happened pretty fast, but an old colleague of mine set up his own business there a few years ago and had approached me then about joining his firm as his illustrator. I had no reason to leave New York at the time and so I knocked him back but I've actually been thinking it might be time for a change for a little while now. I rang him this morning and he was just about to advertise for someone to replace the guy he got when I initially said no. Apparently, that guy is moving back to Australia. Great timing! I hope you aren't rolling your eyes right now. I have never made such a huge move for the sake of a relationship before but, I'm sure you'll agree, Henry is an incredibly special guy. And I genuinely believe that if I don't move to England with him, which I'm quite willing and able to do, he'll seriously investigate giving up his amazing situation in Cambridge to be here with me and I just can't let him do that. Ok, here's the even weirder bit: I'll understand if you try to get him out of my clutches the minute you read this, but just in case you're on board, here goes: Henry, the most wonderful, loving, amazing man I have ever met is, by some miracle, in love with me. I rejected him twice and nearly managed to push him away a third time, despite him travelling all this way, before I finally believed that he might really mean what he was saying. I think it's my turn to make an enormous gesture this time and this is where I desperately need your help! Carrie, I know we haven't even met but - brace yourself - I want to surprise him with a wedding at Austenland! Ok, are you still breathing!? I hope so! I know that marriage is where we're heading and I don't imagine that comes as much of a shock to you but, maybe it does? I'm so sorry if I just made you choke on your tea! With regard to Austenland, there was so much we both loved about the place and, obviously, if it weren't for your aunt, we would never have met. Unfortunately, I didn't leave on great terms with Mrs Wattlesbrook and so I'm hoping that you might be able to broach the topic with her and feel her out about it? I know that is such a huge ask. What do you think? I'm happy to talk on the phone about the details if you don't totally hate the idea. Take your time, have a think, let me know how you feel about it. I so look forward to meeting you and your family, Carina! Henry talks about you all the time and I can tell that he's really missing you. Love Jane[Chapter 57] From: cnobley at elenamail. com Subject: Re:Umm, introductions!? Date: 26 June 2013 04:56:23 PM BST To: jhayes at iunyc. com JANE! Our favourite person in the whole world! Honestly, I nearly cried with happiness reading your e-mail. Up until now I'd obviously only heard of you via Henry and I just had to hope that you really did love him and understand how amazing he is. It was so lovely reading your account of feeling like you'd won the jackpot with him when we know that's exactly how he feels about you! And to read that you're happy to live here – I really did cry with relief at that point! And to be asked to help you plan a surprise wedding for him! I could not be more honoured or delighted! I laughed so hard when I saw you refer to Austenland as \"crazy-lady camp\"! Over here we were calling it \"Find a Wife Camp\"! You don't have to worry for one moment that I'm in shock or feeling the need to rescue Henry. I'm just so relieved to hear that his love for you is so thoroughly requited! And look, I won't be surprised or concerned if you turn out not to be completely sane and normal. It seems that you and Henry are insane and abnormal in similar and relatively benign ways so you'll fit right in! Let's talk on the phone the minute we get a chance. I cannot wait to hear your ideas for the wedding. And don't worry about Mad Aggie, Henry will vouch for the fact that I have her wrapped around my little finger! I am so excited I do not know how I will keep this from Henry. Anyway, be assured that I can't wait to have you as my sister! Lots of love, Carrie, Nate, Arlo and Lulu.[Chapter 58] THREE WEEKS LATER Henry sprawled across the lounge on which he'd been placed, stretching his long legs and obediently resisting the urge to fiddle with the blindfold Carrie had fastened on him just before they got into the car. He'd caught up on some sleep on the long drive between home and wherever he was now, squished between Arlo and Lulu in the back seat of Carrie and Nate's red Ford Festiva. It had all gone quiet around him which was a little unnerving. He ran his fingers across the fabric of the sofa beneath him. It didn't feel particularly familiar. \"What on earth are you up to, Carrie?\" he wondered, tucking his hands behind his head and settling in for another snooze. He'd been feeling particularly lethargic since he left New York. His publishers were going to call for his head if he didn't get a few more chapters done, but even with deadlines looming over him, nothing could motivate him into action. Of course, the main issue was that he hadn't seen Jane in almost a fortnight. She'd been urgently summoned home to California for family reasons and he found it extremely irksome, and not a little bit hurtful, that despite all his offers and even his requests, she hadn't wanted him to come with her. He'd reluctantly flown home to Cambridge without a clear sense of what their next step together would be and he felt wretched. Teensy doubts had begun sprouting in his mind. He'd really had to work hard to talk her into letting him have a chance with her. Maybe she'd made up her mind that it wasn't going to work between them. Otherwise, wouldn't she have wanted him to come and meet her family? He heard a door open and close. \"Hello?\" he called. \"Anyone requiring a blindfolded numpty?\" No answer. He caught the slightest hint of scent and sat bolt upright, his hands flying to his blindfold. \"No,\" Jane whispered, suddenly very near. \"Don't take it off.\" \"Jane!\" Henry cried. \"God, I've missed you.\" He held his arms out. \"Come here!\" It seemed she floated into his arms. He was conscious of swathes of floaty fabric as she positioned herself lightly on his lap and slid her arms around his neck. \"I just have to check something with you,\" she whispered into his ear. \"Mmm?\" he murmured, reveling in the way she seemed to surround and envelop his whole being. She paused. He felt her laughing against his chest. \"Will you marry me?\" she whispered. Tears sprang to his eyes. He couldn't speak. He nodded vigorously. Her lips met his, sweetly, briefly. \"Phew!\" she sighed. \"Ok then, see you soon.\" Suddenly it seemed she was gone. He found himself being roughly lifted to his feet. \"Mate,\" he heard, in a voice he could have sworn was Davey's. \"I don't think I have ever seen you look like more of a boofhead.\" \"I have,\" came the reply, in a voice unmistakably Nate-like. \"But wait 'til he sees us!\" Henry looked from one space to the other space above his head where it would seem his two best mates were standing. \"Get up, you goose,\" Davey laughed, and Henry obediently stood. \"Let's get this off you,\" Nate chuckled, yanking the blindfold over Henry's head. He felt like he nearly got his ears ripped off in the process. His eyes, still blurry with emotion, gradually adjusted to the light and he finally focused properly on Davey, Nate and Arlo standing before him, inexplicably trussed up in Regency attire. \"Lads!\" said Henry, looking at the three of them in baffled amusement. \"What the hell is going on?\" Davey beamed cheekily back. \"It's your wedding, mate. Time to get dressed.\" And he gestured towards a suit hanging on the screen behind them. Henry turned to find the outfit he'd worn to the ball on his last night at Austenland. He blinked a few times and then had a more careful look around the room. \"Are we…?\" \"At Find-a-Wife Camp?\" Nate grinned. \"You guessed it!\" \"How…?\" Henry began. \"That American girl of yours,\" Davey replied, \"is a force to be reckoned with.\" \"Even your mad aunt couldn't stand in her way,\" Nate added. \"Mum helped,\" Arlo offered. Henry stood rooted to the ground, grinning like an idiot. \"She just proposed to me.\" Davey laughed. \"We thought you'd like that.\" \"Well, it was 50/50 in our house. Carrie and Arlo were sure you'd love it, Lulu and I thought you might have felt a bit ripped off, what with all of those old novels you're always reading.\" Nate looked at Henry's boyish grin and then back at Arlo. \"Looks like Lulu and I were wrong, hey buddy?\" \"We have to get you dressed quick smart, my lad!\" Davey interjected, holding out a cravat. \"The ladies are waiting!\" Henry obediently began unbuttoning his shirt. He looked appraisingly at his childhood friends. \"You boys look alright in this gear,\" he laughed. \"We should see if we can bring it back!\" Davey checked himself out in the mirror and patted his slight pot-belly. \"I like the braces and breeches much better than belts. Comfort over fashion, I say.\" Nate came and stood next to him in front of the mirror. \"I'm not convinced about the cravat,\" he mused. \"The boots?\" Henry asked, yanking off his shoes, and both men nodded enthusiastically. \"We look hot!\" Davey cried, striking a pose that was more Saturday Night Fever than Pride and Prejudice . Arlo shook his head and rolled his eyes at his Uncle Henry. Jane sat calmly in the parlour drinking tea with Molly, Ginger, Carrie and Lulu. All five of them were beautifully dressed in Regency inspired dresses from Aunt Agatha's extensive collection. Even Molly and Ginger had found gowns suitable for their current proportions. Lulu flitted between the older women. So honoured was she to be included in the bridal party, she felt a little afraid she would burst. She looked admiringly at the woman that was soon to become her aunt. Apparently, Uncle Henry had seen her in this dress before and liked it. That seemed as good a reason as any to wear it to her wedding. There was a knock at the door and one of the tanned and muscular manservants appeared in his incongruous white wig. \"Miss Hayes, they're ready for you.\" Jane carefully placed her tea cup down in its saucer and smiled at the women around her. \"Ready, girls?\" They stood and Jane warmly kissed and embraced each one. \"Molly, thank you for coming all this way to do this with me,\" she said to her oldest friend. \"And thank you for coming around to approving of Henry so wholeheartedly.\" Molly laughed. \"Once I got over the shock!\" Jane turned to her left. \"Ginger, I so appreciate how warmly you welcomed me into your cosy little circle. Thanks for helping me get to know Henry in real life!\" Ginger beamed at her new friend. \"You two are welcome at the pub any time you're in New York. We hope we'll see a lot of you both.\" She giggled. \"Davey pines for Henry when too much time goes by.\" Jane laughed and turned to smile down at Lulu. She stroked a curl back from the girl's forehead. \"You are the most beautiful flower girl I have ever seen, Lulu.\" Lulu giggled sweetly. \"And thanks so much for giving me your blessing to marry your uncle,\" Jane continued. \"I'm so looking forward to being neighbours with your family!\" \"I'll help you learn to look after the chooks,\" Lulu offered. \"I'll definitely take you up on that,\" Jane laughed. \"You don't see many chickens in New York City!\" She finally turned to Carrie who was looking a little bit misty-eyed. \"Oh Carrie,\" Jane whispered, seeing the emotion in her new sister's face. \"I am so grateful for everything you've done. Thank you for making this happen\" Carried nodded, quite unable to speak. \"And Carrie, I'm going to love being your sister.\" Carrie nodded more vigorously, dabbing at her eyes with the tissue Ginger fished out of her sleeve. Jane squared her shoulders and looked boldly at her attendants. \"Alright. I'm ready to get married!\" Ginger and Mollie squealed, Lulu jumped up and down and Carrie, still beaming through her tears, busied herself passing out the bouquets of beautiful, plump, white peonies.[Chapter 59] Henry stood beside his groomsmen at the top of the manor house steps in front of a large crowd of wellwishers. He felt himself supported, not only by his much loved nephew and friends, but also by the favourites among his fictional friends he had rejoiced with in this very situation or, at least the anticipation of it. He thought of Captain Frederick Wentworth and his Anne Eliot, Henry Tilney and Catherine Morland, Charles Bingley and Jane Bennett and, the man he most related to and the woman who had most appealed to him, Fitzwilliam Darcy and Elizabeth Bennett. Fictional though they may have been, these were men and women who taught him the value of loving wholeheartedly, loving constantly and loving well. He wanted to be the upright citizen, the respected gentleman, the reliable friend and the passionate lover that these men managed to be. He loved that they were scholars, sportsmen, soldiers, sons, brothers, comrades and soon-to-be fathers. He loved that they fought to win the hearts of the women that moved them. He loved that once their souls had been genuinely pierced, they would have chosen solitude over settling for another. He suddenly knew it to be true of himself with that same conviction. He was not Edward Ferrars or John Willoughby. If he could not have Jane, he would devote himself to his work, to his sister and Nate and to being the best uncle any man had ever been. There could be no one else for him. A string quartet began to play and Henry chuckled to himself. How far he was from embracing single life as he watched his gorgeous niece sidle shyly down the aisle scattering red petals on the grass as she walked. He stole a glance at Davey as Ginger followed after Lulu and noticed his friend's chest puff with pride as his wife, carrying their first child, made her way towards him. Molly was next to appear and Henry watched as she found her husband, Jack, in the crowd and winked at him. There was a pause and then Henry heard Nate's sharp intake of breath as Carrie appeared. He was so enjoying himself, noticing all this evidence of such love all around him that he almost forgot to concentrate on what was dearest to him. His eyes made it back to the top of the aisle just in time to see his beloved Jane appear. She was radiant in the silvery gown he had first seen her in at the Austenland ball. The smile on her face conveyed such deep delight and contentment and certainty and she glowed with such an other-worldly beauty that Henry felt he was falling in love with her all over again. That physical reaction he'd had at the first moment he sighted her revisited him ten-fold. His eyes filled with tears as she drew closer and he saw that she too was overcome with emotion. She reached him and held out her trembling hand to him. Henry gripped her hand. \"Thank you,\" he whispered, lifting her palm to his lips and kissing it tenderly as he had the night of the play. \"Thank you.\" . . Later that evening after speeches had been made, cakes had been cut, bouquets had been thrown and waltzes had been waltzed, Nate plonked himself down next to his best mate and brother-in-law. Henry sat watching his new wife walking arm-in-arm with his sister, a stupidly delighted look on his face. \"How are you, mate?\" Nate enquired genially, taking Henry's barely touched beer out of his hands and helping himself to a swig. \"Never better,\" Henry replied jovially, turning to look his friend in the face. \"You?\" \"It's been a great day, eh?\" Nate replied. \"Happy wife, happy life? Is that how the saying goes?\" He laughed. \" My wife is pretty stoked with the day's proceedings.\" \"Me too!\" Henry chuckled. He was quiet for a moment and then he turned thoughtfully to his brother-in-law. \"Mate,\" he murmured. \"Yeah?\" Nate replied. \"Truth be told, I'm a bit nervous.\" \"Now? I would have thought the nerves would have settled by this point in the evening when everything's over and done!\" \"Not everything .\" \"Worried about getting her out of that corset with a few beers under your belt?\" Nate laughed. Then he noticed that Henry looked quite serious. \"Everything alright, mate?\" Henry grinned. \"It's not the drink, I've hardly touched it.\" He hesitated. \"Nate, I've never done this before.\" Nate guffawed. \"I'm pleased to hear it! Marriage is supposed to be a once-in-a-lifetime sort of a thing, isn't it, Dr Nobley?\" Henry shook his head looking bashful. \"No, I mean it . I've never done it .\" Nate, who had been much less restrained with his beer intake, looked at his best mate, baffled. Henry rolled his eyes and leaned in to whisper in Nate's ear. \"I've never had sex.\" Nate's eyes widened. \"Really!? Aren't you always voted the hottest lecturer on campus? And I mean, you're easily the youngest. Haven't you got all those students throwing themselves at you?!\" Henry looked stern. \"Look, maybe it's happened once or twice. But don't you agree that would be outrageously unethical for me to take advantage of situations like that!?\" Nate nodded, chastened. \"Oh, the life I imagined you were living, mate! What about that Genevieve girl you used to go out with all those years ago?\" Henry shrugged. \"I wanted to wait until marriage. I guess she didn't, which is probably why she ran off to Brazil with Toby. Anyway, this isn't about lack of opportunity – this is about principle!\" Nate nodded the sort of nod that implied, Of course. This is Henry. Why haven't I learnt to expect this sort of thing from him by now? \"This is a gentleman thing, right?\" Henry nodded emphatically. \"One of my all-time heroes, Frederick Wentworth, waited nine years for the women he loved to finally agree they could marry. He wasn't off sleeping with every woman in the country in the meantime.\" Nate sighed and settled into his chair as he watched Henry warm to his topic. \"Look at Wickham, look at Willoughby, look at Captain Tilney – those guys are the villains because they don't respect the sanctity, the exclusivity, the permanence of marriage.\" Nate nodded dutifully. \"I haven't resisted sex because I think there's anything dodgy about it. I've resisted it because I have such a high view of it that I wanted to reserve it for its proper place.\" He lent forward, his elbows on his knees, hands clasped. \"But anyway, now I'm just nervous.\" He looked sideways at Nate. \"Anything I should know?\" Nate's eyebrows shot up. He thought for a moment. \"Look mate, I'm sympathetic. Remember when you punched me that time you thought Carrie and I were sleeping together?\" \"She was sixteen!\" Henry cried with an exasperation that suggested having had to defend himself many times over the years on the same charge. \"Yeah, yeah,\" Nate rolled his eyes. \"Anyway, I probably deserved it because even though we weren't sleeping together then, truth be told, it didn't take us much longer after that to get started.\" It was Henry's turn to raise his eyebrows, somewhat more archly. \"But anyway, all that's just to say that Carrie's the only woman I've ever been with.\" Nate grinned cheekily. \"Sanctity, exclusivity, permanence,\" he raised Henry's glass, \"I'll drink to that.\" \"But seriously, mate,\" Henry urged. \"Advice?\" Nate leaned over and whispered, very briefly, a lifetime of knowledge. Henry nodded, impressed. \"Thanks, mate.\" Nate chuckled. \"I'd say, 'Anytime', but don't. It's awkward.\" Henry grinned. \"Fair enough.\"[Chapter 60] All had been publically celebrated that needed to be publically celebrated and so, waving to the remaining guests waiting for their horse-drawn carriages out of Austenland, Henry held out his hand to Jane to lead her into the manor house. He'd been assured that they would have the house entirely to themselves until they called for assistance at their leisure the following day. He shut the door behind them and leaned back against it, pulling Jane close. \"We haven't been alone for two whole weeks,\" he murmured into her hair. \"Please don't ever do that to me again.\" She laughed softly. \"I'm so sorry but it had to be done. Can you imagine me convincing you that nothing was going on while Carrie and I tried to plan a wedding!?\" She brought his fingers to her lips and kissed them gently. \"Was it worth the wait?\" Without warning, Henry lifted her into the air and swung her around in the capacious foyer. \"Yes!\" he cried laughing. \"Suddenly, I have this magnificent wife!\" He stopped spinning, and beamed up at her. \"This was the most unexpected and wonderful surprise.\" He gradually lowered her until her feet found the ground and kissed her tenderly. \"To think,\" he mused happily, \"this morning I was utterly oblivious. If anything, I was fretting that maybe you didn't love me after all.\" Jane looked horrified. \"Oh, Henry! I never meant to leave you in any doubt!\" Henry chuckled, twirling his glimmering new golden band, \"It doesn't really seem like a relevant concern right now, does it?\" \"I suppose not,\" she said, taking his hand and leading him forward. Henry followed eagerly after her. \"Feel like a run?\" she asked, turning back to look mischievously into his eyes. His face broke into a broad grin. \"Lead on, my love.\" And she pulled him through the winding corridors of the manor to the door of the room that had briefly been her home only a month previously. \"Even in the Regency Era, I believe it was considered appropriate for husband and wife to be alone together,\" she whispered, turning the handle and slipping inside, drawing Henry in behind her. Again, he stepped right up to her, and taking her hand, passionately kissed her palm. \"Mmm,\" he murmured. \"Even in your bedroom.\" Jane took a step backwards, still holding his hand, leading him towards the canopied bed. \"How are you?\" she whispered. \"Are you still feeling nervous?\" \"Well,\" he whispered, sliding the comb out of her hair and loosening her curls with his hands until they cascaded over her shoulders. \"I was given some sage advice.\" \"Mmm?\" she replied, sliding his coat over his broad shoulders and letting it fall to the ground. Henry bent his head to place a line of soft kisses along the chain of her delicate necklace as he reached back to undo the clasp. \"Apparently, the trick,\" he breathed against her throat, \"is to remember that I not only have all the hours of this night…\" \"Uh huh,\" she sighed, slipping his braces off his shoulders, dropping his waistcoat and cravat to the floor and reaching up to slowly undo the buttons of his shirt, one by one. \"…but all of the hours of our lives…\" he shrugged his arms out of the billowy dress-shirt and breathlessly drew Jane against his bare skin. \"…to learn how to make you happy.\" He reached around to the back of her neck and his fingers felt hot against her bare skin as he slowly unfastened the closings that held her gown. \"Mmmm,\" she nodded, placing a kiss on his perfect collar bone. \"That is sound advice.\" Her gown cascaded to the floor, revealing a very appealing but rather modern take on the traditional corset. He grinned. It didn't look that hard to get into at all. Henry breathed out heavily. \" I thought so,\" he whispered, winding his hands around her waist and holding her tightly against him as he found her lips. Without warning, she grinned and pushed him forcefully back so that he overbalanced and fell, laughing, onto the bed behind him. She grabbed his boots, yanking them off, one by one. Henry no longer cared about Austen's romantic heroes or the women they won. In fact, he mused as Jane dropped his boots on top of her discarded gown and lowered herself gracefully onto the bed right beside him, he didn't care if he never again had to the chance to give any of them another moment's reflection. He maneuvered himself so that he was propped up on one elbow leaning over Jane. He marveled at the beauty of this woman, her gleaming hair splayed out beneath him on the bed, and the unfettered access she granted him to her heart, soul, mind and body. He bent his head to kiss her soft lips and she responded earnestly, sliding her arms around his neck and drawing him away from the possibility of any further coherent thought.[Chapter 61] From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Milk? Date: 21 July 2013 09:28:33 AM BST To: cnobley at elenamail. com Carrie? We're home! When you find this, can you be a dear and send Arlo or Lulu round to leave some milk at the back door? Can't see us leaving this bed any time in the next several hours but I predict that eventually we'll be needing tea. Oh, and can you pass something on to Nate for me? Tell him I said we both think he has a future as an advice columnist. Dear Beefcake . Now there's an idea that's got legs… Maybe see you tonight? Actually, scratch that. Maybe tomorrow. Love, Henry . . . Well, there you go, Austenland junkies (JJ Feild Junkies?). This one is done. I do have the seeds of a few spin-off stories germinating in my head if you want to read more of the adventures of my versions of Henry and Jane. If so, feel free to let me know by showering me with rapturous reviews! ","Summary":" From: drhnobley at cam. ac. uk Subject: Carrie, dearest. Date: 19 June 2013 12:34:12 PM BST To: cno"}]